Today's ruling to ensure marriage equality in Wisconsin confirmed what all of us in this state know -- love is love, and family is family -- and discriminating against anyone's love or against anyone's family isn't just wrong, it's unconstitutional.   We have made tremendous progress towards our shared goal of ensuring fairness for all in this state, and I am so incredibly proud that as of tonight, equality will be the law of the land in Wisconsin!    We still have work to do, but I know we will leave the next generation a nation that is more equal, not less. And we are the generation that will make marriage equality the rule for all.   Always a proud Wisconsinite, today, I am especially so!
What's your call, will #CaliforniaChrome become #TripleChrome or will there be a true upset?
Today, we remember the tremendous efforts of Allied Forces as they signaled to the world that unprovoked aggression and genocide have no place in our international order and will be met with our greatest resolve.  I am reminded of the Maryland National Guard units who participated in the D-Day landings.  These brave Marylanders served with great distinction in the 29th Infantry Division, fighting their way across Western Europe and liberating France and Holland.  The 29th Division suffered one of the highest casualty rates of any American division during World War II.  We must honor those heroes by safeguarding all that they fought and sacrificed for.   Today, there are one million surviving World War II veterans in the U.S., and 17,346 of them are Marylanders.  These same heroes who landed on those beaches in Normandy and parachuted behind enemy lines 70 years ago are joined by veterans who have served in conflicts spanning from the Korean War to the War in Afghanistan.  Today, I call on each of my colleges to commit themselves to the work of meeting our obligations to all of these veterans.  The best way to honor their sacrifices is to ensure that we are unwavering in our support for them and their families.
I can better search for solutions to North Dakota's mail delivery challenges with feedback from my Fix My Mail effort and from the folks I met with in Williston today.
Brought Senator Carper to Hess Corporation's railport in Tioga to see firsthand how they load oil into rail cars.
Today I hosted a roundtable discussion in Williston with Senator Carper, who chairs the Senate Committee that oversees the Postal Service. We met with local officials about the challenges North Dakotans faces with mail delivery and service and efforts to improve it. Through my Fix My Mail effort, I have heard of seniors not receiving their medication on time, post offices not being open enough hours to serve their communities, and extremely challenging working conditions for Postal Service employees. Today’s conversation was one of many steps to improve rural mail service and delivery, and I’ll continue to work closely with Senator Carper on these issues. 
Amazing to walk through streets of Kiev with Vice President Biden to Poroshenko inaugural.
ICYMI Senator #AlFranken took these #TBT posts to the next level to promote our upcoming college affordability legislation that gives more grads a #FairShot  
