We've joined #Instagram. Follow @SenatorCardin to see photos from the #Senate and across #Maryland.
I thank Attorney General Eric #Holder for his many years of dedicated service to our nation and the Justice Department. He has worked tirelessly to protect the American people, safeguard our Constitution, and promote equal justice under the law for all.   As the nation’s top lawyer, Attorney General Holder took bold steps to reinvigorate the Department’s #CivilRights Division. I particularly commend Attorney General Holder for protecting the fundamental right to vote and fighting efforts to restrict the franchise, such as voter ID’s, deceptive practices in elections, and disenfranchisement measures that can permanently take away an individual’s right to vote. I was pleased to chair many hearings on these issues when I was a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Most recently, Attorney General Holder’s aggressive investigation into the shooting of #MichaelBrown and the #Ferguson, #Missouri police department was an important step to protect civil rights. Before he leaves office, I urge him to finalize new Justice Department guidance to once and for all prohibit the use of #racialprofiling by all levels of law enforcement.
Severe and unpredictable weather has become the norm for far too many communities in Pennsylvania. Making these improvements will help prepare Philadelphia and Southeastern Pennsylvania from future storms. Safe and reliable transportation is critical to Southeastern Pennsylvania’s future. These upgrades will work to ensure that our public transit systems can better sustain extreme storms.
Announcing new projects with @SEPTA to protect regional transportation sites from flooding and severe weather.
Stopped by Alton Steel today,  a great Illinois company that stands behind their workers and for American values. Discussed my bill, the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act, which rewards companies like these who keep jobs here in the United States and discourages companies from sending jobs and operations overseas. Pictured here with Rep. Bill Enyart.
A new Indiana State University report speaks to the ongoing need to address the #SkillsGap in Indiana, especially in rural communities. While the number of available jobs continue to steadily increase, the number of qualified workers to fill those jobs isn’t keeping pace. 
Aldo Leopold had it right when he said: "Wilderness is the one kind of playground which mankind cannot build to order…” Share your public lands photos to celebrate #NationalPublicLandsDay.
In an effort to curb the rise of prescription drug abuse across the country and in North Dakota, I encourage North Dakotans to participate in National Drug Take-Back Day tomorrow, Saturday, September 27. Folks can bring their unused and unwanted prescription drugs to locations at the Grand Forks Air Force Base and West Fargo Police Department anonymously and with no questions asked. More than half of prescription drugs are obtained through friends or family – usually without them knowing and Drug Take-Back Day gives North Dakotans an opportunity to help in this fight. Starting in October, pharmacies, including those located in hospitals and clinics, and other authorized locations will be able to collect unused prescription drugs on site and also through an authorized mail-in option year-round.  
Participated in a ribbon cutting ceremony for a new women’s dormitory at Fort Berthold Community College. Today the dorm was dedicated to Alyce Spotted Bear, my good friend and the inspiration for my first bill in the Senate to create a Commission on Native Children. The addition of this dorm is a great investment in North Dakota’s Native students.
Brought OPM Director Archuleta to meet with top federal officials in the state to discuss how we can turn around the trend of federal workers in western North Dakota leaving their jobs for a variety of reasons, most notably for better salaries so they can meet the skyrocketing housing costs in the region. We need to support federal civilian workers who enable growth to continue in North Dakota through needed law enforcement, permitting, and agriculture jobs. By raising federal workers’ salaries when needed, listening to the challenges they face, and preparing students for open jobs in these fields, we can build the federal workforce of the future. http://1.usa.gov/1t2XQuK
Hosted a roundtable discussion with OPM Director Archuleta and federal agencies to discuss the issues they face filling and retaining law enforcement and social work positions in Indian Country, jobs at federal oil and natural gas permitting offices, and positions in the natural resources and engineering fields.
Gave Native students at Fort Berthold Community College the opportunity to talk directly with OPM Director Archuleta about career opportunities in the federal workforce.
Today I brought Office of Personnel Management Director Katherine Archuleta to Minot Air Force Base to learn firsthand about the challenges federal employees at Minot Air Force Base face and the need to make sure salaries for civilian workers keep pace with highly competitive job market and rapidly skyrocketing housing costs in western North Dakota. The Administration needs to make sure federal workers in North Dakota who help keep our nation safe are treated and paid fairly for their hard work and that’s why I invited Director Archuleta here today so she could hear directly from civilian workers at the Base. The Administration must take action by developing practical strategies which take into account North Dakota’s unique job market. http://1.usa.gov/1t2pCrf
Today I joined Governor Terry McAuliffe, Secretary of Health and Human Resources Bill Hazel and Secretary of Public Safety and Homeland Security Brian Moran in Richmond to announce the creation of a Prescription Drug and Heroin Abuse Task Force. I’m proud to see Virginia taking innovative approaches to combat this crisis that is hurting communities across the Commonwealth. 
ICYMI My op-ed in The Hill on the need to invest in international family planning. #WorldContraceptionDay http://t.co/pYYOB34ifn/s/mkNy
NA
GEAR UP Week is coming to an end, but it’s not too late to join me in supporting GEAR UP’s mission of helping more low-income students continue their educations.  I met with GEAR UP students this summer and know they’re top-notch.  Head to Montana GEAR UP to help me support their critical mission.
Rhode Island has a rich tradition of innovation dating back to the beginning of the American Industrial Revolution.  That’s why I was happy to celebrate the Newport TechWorks business incubator project today.  It will help grow our economy and create jobs, and continue that tradition by leveraging Rhode Island’s defense, marine trades, and technology industries.
