What’s not to love about baseball superstar Mo’Ne Davis? The 18th girl to play in the Little League World Series also wants to be a #Husky! http://j.mp/1n9NIhs 
Great article on the critically important services the U.S. Army Reserve is providing to Marylanders at the Allegany County Fairgrounds through #Appalachian Mountain IRT 2014.    Innovative Readiness Training (IRT) ensures that our men and women in uniform are well trained and provides important services to communities across the country. 
Nice letter to the Sun about "class act" Baltimore Orioles fans. Good way to start a Wednesday.  
Delaware and the world lost a great humanitarian last night. While many people knew Matt as a great chef and restaurateur, my deepest respect came from meeting him in his role as a board member for La Esperanza, an organization that supports the integration and empowerment of the Hispanic community in Sussex County.  I was both touched and impressed by his servant leadership and efforts to bring hope to so many both here and abroad. My heart goes out to Matt Haley’s family and friends and all whose lives he touched.
Thanks to the employees at the Goodwill Recycling Center in New Castle for taking me on a tour of their facility on Tuesday. As Co-Chair of the Senate Recycling Caucus, I was fascinated to see how the facility recycles and repurposes all sorts of plastics, metal, fabrics and cardboard.
It is an honor to be recognized by SourceAmerica/Opportunity Center Inc. as an AbilityOne Congressional Champion. I admire the work Opportunity Center Inc. does to employ Delawareans with disabilities.
Please share this image and help our neighbors looking for work! We're hosting our sixth job fair of the year on September 5th in Wilmington. http://coons.senate.gov/jobfair // VETERANS: We're hosting a job fair just for you in Middletown on August 25th. http://carper.senate.gov/veterans
Matt Haley was one of the most remarkable people I’ve ever met. He was so much more than a talented chef and celebrated restaurateur — he was such a good man. He was a great Delawarean. He was a friend. His death is heartbreaking.  Matt got a second chance at life and vowed to seize it. He was a reminder to all of us that we should embrace life and live it fully and graciously and gratefully every single day. His spirit, enthusiasm, and creativity were infectious. He endlessly sought and found opportunities to make a difference in people’s lives. He didn’t seek attention for his good works, but he certainly deserved it.   The weekend before Matt left for India, I met a woman in Dover – a recovering addict who couldn’t find work because she couldn’t find anyone willing to take a chance on her and to believe in her. I told her Matt’s story and the incredible life he’d made after the mistakes of his youth. I called Matt the next day and he leapt at the opportunity to help her. He took her number and promised to call her right away because he was getting on a plane the next morning. He told me about the trip and the risks involved. He couldn’t wait to see his dear friends in Nepal, and he was excited to fulfill a promise he had made to a friend in the region. Matt was going there on a mission to bring what his heart made possible. I told him how proud I was to know him.  I can’t believe he’s gone and I’m so grateful that the last thing we got to do together was to try to help someone. That was Matt. That’s what he did. I’m going to miss his friendship, generosity, and compassion, and his passionate commitment to our community. My heart aches for his family and friends.  - Chris
NA
I am standing for women and worker’s religious liberty and access to health care by supporting the #NotMyBossBusiness act. This bill is a good first step to #FixHobbyLobby. It will ensure workers at private companies can access the care they need without their boss interfering.
As part of his #OhioRiverTour, Joe discussed economic development in Vevay during lunch at Granny's.
Know a veteran willing to share their story of service to our country, or someone interested in interviewing such a veteran? Joe’s office is hosting a Veterans History Project event this Monday, August 25, in Fishers at the Hamilton East Public Library from 2:30–4:30 PM. The Veterans History Project is an effort by the Library of Congress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the military by recording their personal narratives. 
In Rising Sun, Joe visited the American Legion Post and met with World War II veterans.  #OhioRiverTour
This morning Joe visited the new convention center in Lawrenceburg with Mayor Carr and city officials #OhioRiverTour
In Lawrenceburg, Joe visited the riverfront with Mayor Carr and city officials as part of his #OhioRiverTour
“The gruesome murder of James Foley and the continued acts of terror by ISIL must be met with very serious consequences by the international community. The video leaves absolutely no doubt that ISIL is committed to attacking Americans and our allies."  http://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ffa609a3-237b-4704-969b-84dadc1fbde5
Startling new report details the challenge the U.S. Forest Service faces with the rising costs of fighting wildfires. This USDA report is a reminder that we must reform wildfire funding policy.
Yesterday in Minot, White House Drug Czar Michael Botticelli and I announced more federal support to combat the increase in drug crime and trafficking in North Dakota. Last year, I brought the former Drug Czar to North Dakota to reinforce that the federal government needs to make stopping drug crime in our state a priority. Since that trip, we have seen strong federal investments to stop drug crime in our state. It’s good news that is continuing and that we’re working on a coordinated response from law enforcement. 
Very impressed by my tour of the new Ridgeview High  School. The new facility will provide Dickenson County students with state-of-the-art resources to help them succeed.
Foggy but beautiful morning at the Cumberland Gap.
"I’m going to be spending time visiting businesses in #Ferguson over the coming days, and tweeting my experiences, to remind folks that Ferguson is a safe, vibrant community needs our support and our commerce.  Please join me in sharing your experiences supporting local businesses in Ferguson with the hashtag #ShopFerguson." - Claire
Over the past 50 years, the Job Corps program has succeeded tremendously in helping West Virginia's youth, providing the education, training and support to help them create a successful and meaningful career path. I encourage West Virginians to celebrate the Job Corps' 50th anniversary by participating in the upcoming local activities:   TODAY: Open House, Wednesday, Aug. 20, 2014 from 4:00-7:00 p.m.  State Capitol Tour and Meet & Greet with Governor Tomblin, Thursday, Aug. 21, 2014 at 9:30-11:30 a.m.  National Job Corps Commencement Day, Friday, Aug. 22, 2014 at 2:30 p.m. 
Love @jetblue's design honoring #FDNY
“Remembering James Foley today. Keeping his family and loved ones in my thoughts.” -JS  http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/20/us/james-foley-life/index.html 
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on on the murder of New Hampshire photojournalist James Foley by ISIL terrorists:  "James Foley was a respected and accomplished journalist who devoted his life to one of our most important freedoms – the freedom of press. Everyone who knew him recognized his dedication to his work and his commitment to sharing his eye-witness reporting of world events. His murder was a cowardly act of terrorism and underscores the threat that ISIL poses to the freedoms we hold dear. My thoughts are with the Foley family and everyone who knew and loved James, both in New Hampshire and around the world."
In Pablo with Interior Secretary Jewell and CSKT Chairman Trahan to discuss ways to support Indian Country and improve the land buy-back program.
Yesterday I met with the leadership of the Richmond VA Medical Center to discuss what they're doing to improve care for our veterans. The men and women who have defended our country deserve better.
U.S. Representative Bill Keating, state Sen. Dan Wolf, state Rep. Sarah Peake and I met with WE CAN - Women's Empowerment through Cape Area Networking, Cape Cod, MA, an organization in Harwich Port that provides support and services for women experiencing challenging life transitions like a job loss, divorce, or illness. We’re all stronger when we have one other for help.
This morning I visited the Cape Abilities Farm, a great nonprofit program in Dennis that employs people with disabilities to grow and sell local produce on the Cape.
