My thoughts and prayers are with all those in Southeast Asia affected by Super Typhoon Haiyan. Unfortunately, scientists believe we will see more and more of storms of this magnitude and intensity due to the effects of global climate change. That is why it is so important we make investments today to mitigate the effects of climate change - not only in clean technology that reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, but also in infrastructure that will allow communities to be more resilient to the stronger storms we may see in the future.
In response to the Politico story below about the FEC draft decision to allow Bitcoin campaign contributions, I issued the following statement:  “This apparent decision by the FEC underscores what our Committee has recognized for some time: that virtual currencies are not going away. Their emergence has potentially far reaching implications for the federal government and society as a whole.   "I applaud the FEC for acting quickly to recognize this and develop a thoughtful policy that gives donors and committees rules of the road to utilize this emerging technology. It continues to be my hope that departments and agencies are working together, in a collaborative fashion, to define and consistently treat Bitcoin and other virtual currencies. I expect this decision and other recent developments will be discussed at our Committee’s upcoming hearing, as we dig into what a whole-government approach to this new and unique technology may look like.”
I enjoyed speaking and sharing ideas with the Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce about how we can continue to grow New Mexico's economy and middle class.
Honored to participate in the New Mexico Collaborative Research & Development Council inaugural summit at the University of New Mexico.
I’m in the Senate to represent the people of the great state of North Dakota, and to do that most effectively, I pledged to listen to North Dakotans and be responsive to their questions and concerns. From just my first 10 months in office, I’ve been honored to have received  and responded to more than 50,000 calls, letters, and emails from North Dakotans throughout our state on a wide variety of issues, and hold more than 800 meetings with North Dakotans.  And I truly value the thoughts of every North Dakotan as they impact how I vote in Washington and help me best represent our state.
Today I was proud to announce the SERVE Act to improve the quality of education for our veterans and servicemembers. Along with my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, this legislation will ease the transition from active duty to civilian workforce.
Great news: 1 million vets and their families have received education benefits since our Post-9/11 GI bill passed in 2009. http://1.usa.gov/HLvsxy
We need to know exactly how the IOC will safeguard human rights in Sochi. It shouldnt be “fully satisfied” with anti-LGBT Russian law. My letter to the President of the IOC:  1.usa.gov/HFu4My
As Claire continues her “Autumn Across Missouri” cover photo contest, we’re sharing the first batch of submissions we’ve received from Missourians all across the state. Please take a moment to vote for your favorite by simply ‘liking’ the photo. Voting closes Wednesday, November 13!  Have a photo you want to submit? There’s still time! Email the photo, with your name, hometown, and photo location to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com by Friday, November 8. We look forward to seeing all your beautiful photos!
Wow, eleven new beautiful submissions have been added to the album for your consideration! Be sure to take a look at these new additions and continue voting for your favorite ones by simply 'liking' the photo of your choice. Voting will end Wednesday, November 13. 
NA
It was an honor to visit Beech Bottom the same day that the Business Development Corporation of the Northern Panhandle and Hackman Capital announced an explosive investment that will restore dozens of good-paying jobs and boost economic development in the region. 
 
 I thank all the parties involved for believing in the hardworking people of the Northern Panhandle and envisioning a prosperous future for our steel industry. This is a prime example of how public-private partnerships can strengthen an entire community and I look forward to closely following the forthcoming growth in Beech Bottom.
Glad to be spending the day in the Northern Panhandle. We had a great turnout at Coffee & Common Sense in Follansbee this morning. Thanks to the nearly 100 West Virginians who came to the event and shared their ideas and opinions. 
 
 Looking forward to a tremendous announcement in Beech Bottom later on this morning.
Today's jobs report shows steady growth. This is encouraging, but more work remains to be done until every Nevadan and every American who wants a job can get one.   The best way we in Congress can grow our economy is by replacing meat-ax cuts with closing wasteful tax loopholes. I hope that in the weeks ahead, my Republican colleagues will work with us to trade European-style austerity for smart policies that reduce the deficit and spur job growth that benefits all Americans, not just those at the very top.   It's time to reinvest in the American economy through policies that rebuild manufacturing and create long-term, high-quality jobs. After years of lurching from crisis to crisis, it is time to give our economy the certainty it needs for strong, sustained growth.
Calling for fair treatment for New York's anglers:
Senator Shaheen’s staff will be in attendance at the Nashua Community Resource Expo today from 10:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Located at the Nashua Adult Learning Center the expo is an opportunity for people to learn about resources available to assist with employment, housing, education, health services and programs for children and youth. The Adult Learning Center is located at 4 Lake Ave. in Nashua.
Senator Schatz spent some time with the University of Hawai‘i football team and wished them luck on tomorrow’s game. #GoBows
Montana joined the Union 124 years ago today.  SHARE your favorite Treasure State stories to join me in celebrating the birthday of the greatest state in the greatest nation on Earth.
Today I was in Los Lunas visiting the First Choice Community Health Clinic, where important work is being done to combat the abuse of prescription drugs. New Mexico has one of the highest prescription drug overdose rates and is facing an epidemic that has moved from the streets to our medicine cabinet and into the hands of our children. Fortunately, the work being done by experts in our state and partners on the ground can be a model for the rest of the nation, and I'm committed to working with them to stop this epidemic. Click here for more info about my bill, and share it with others to spread the word.
Good news. Today the administration announced final steps to improve insurance coverage of mental illnesses. The law was established by the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act, a bill I fought to pass, alongside former Senators Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici, while I was still a member of the House of Representatives.  This important law ensures New Mexicans and others around the nation aren’t denied access to health care providers for mental health treatment, no longer face unfair co-payments and deductibles, and unreasonable limits on the number of visits for treatment. We must continue expanding mental health care to those who need it, especially our veterans struggling with PTSD. Today's actions are another critical step to making this a reality.
Today, I was so proud to present two heroic Rhode Island WWII veterans, Angelo Padula, Sr and Albert Blais, with military medals they were granted years ago but never received. We all owe Mr. Padula and Mr. Blais a debt of gratitude for their honorable service to our country. Please join me in thanking them for their service! http://www.providencejournal.com/breaking-news/content/20131108-two-wwii-veterans-receive-military-medals-in-providence-ceremony.ece
As you plan your weekend, remember that the National Park Service honors America's veterans with free entrance to all parks for all visitors this 3-day Veterans Day weekend.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
FALL PHOTO CONTEST: We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for Senator Warner's page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.  (staff)
