President Putin’s decision to deploy Russian forces into Crimea is a blatant violation of Ukrainian sovereignty and further evidence of his heavy-handed, undemocratic approach to foreign policy. From its support for the Assad regime in Syria to its crackdown on protests in Sochi, the Russian government has demonstrated its disrespect for human rights and proclivity for using violence and oppression to quell dissent. The Ukrainian people have rejected this style of governance, and the United States should continue to support their legitimate aspirations for freedom and democracy in Ukraine.  Russia's act of aggression requires a unified response from the United States and our allies, and we have a range of options at our disposal. If the Ukrainian government requests, the international community should send civilian observers to monitor the situation on the ground.  We can further support the Ukrainian government with loan guarantees and other economic assistance.  I will work with my Senate colleagues to explore targeted asset freezes against key Russian officials or broader economic sanctions on the Russian economy.
Celebrate Read Across America day today by learning how Senator Donnelly’s office can help a teacher or librarian you know build their book collection with the Library of Congress’ surplus book program.
Read my statement on the situation in Ukraine: 
On Thursday at 10:00am CT, I will take part in a Senate Commerce Subcommittee hearing about rail transportation - which I called for after the December train derailment near Casselton. This hearing is part of my continued effort to help us understand what caused the recent derailments and determine how we can improve rail safety so our towns and communities are better protected. Watch the hearing live here on Thursday. 
Today I spoke at the Upper Midwest Aviation Symposium in Grand Forks. North Dakota continues to be a leader in the aviation industry and I'm working to make sure this remains the case for years to come. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8e2d7871-f03e-485c-8f03-947d2f452b53
A little snow in DC doesn't close my office. We're open and working hard.
This week I was so pleased to receive the Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life along with Senator Susan Collins on behalf of my bipartisan Senate women colleagues honoring our civility toward our colleagues and bipartisan efforts to move our country forward.   With a historic number of 20 Senate women with an historic amount of power chairing eight committees, we have continued to create a zone of civility to get the job done. Whether it's breaking budget gridlock, passing the Farm Bill, or passing a bill making sure America has clean water infrastructure, we are making real change.   The Senate women know it's not about gender, it's about having an agenda. As Dean of the Senate women, I have faith the Senate women will continue to change the dialogue and change the tone in Washington to support jobs and families across America.
NA
Check out my latest "CT in the Capitol" video. Looking at CT connections in the Old Supreme Court Chamber  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryXfFqpqcjA
Today the Rocket, one of the historic #HudsonRiver Ice Yachts, took its first sail in 100 years.
Maranda Ratcliff of Billings and Thomas Henson of Whitefish have just been accepted to the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md.  I was proud to nominate them.  LIKE and SHARE to join me in thanking Maranda and Thomas for their commitment to service.
