I wrote to the President today urging him to ensure humane conditions at all our border detention facilities.
ICYMI: Tammy was honored to speak at the Wisconsin state Democratic convention last week. Such a great, energized crowd -- now's the time to turn that energy into action for all the great Democrats across the state who know #WICanDoBetter!
This map says it all: there have been 74 school shootings since the tragedy at Sandy Hook.   When will enough be enough to win common sense measures against gun violence? http://j.mp/1kMZAIS
There are 508,000 student loan borrowers in Connecticut with over $11 billion in total outstanding federal student loan debt. So many of you depend on this vote tomorrow: I’ll be urging my colleagues to pass #BankOnStudents.
It's always a great pleasure to host the young Delawareans who have received an appointment to one of our service academies.   This is an impressive young man named Christopher Mahoney who is headed to the U.S. Air Force Academy. I wish him and the rest of the students the best and thank them for their service.
Here's a story that brought a smile to my face that describes Delaware as "the state that has arguably become the most aggressive at trying to ensure that its college-ready teenagers attend college."
The Borinqueneers served our Nation with bravery and honor even as they endured discrimination at home. Their courage and perseverance are an example to Americans everywhere. The Congressional Gold Medal is fitting their heroism and their dedication to the true promise of America.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
“With the first year of his freshman term behind him, Donnelly is now positioning himself as the nation's most moderate legislator.” -Indianapolis Monthly piece featuring Joe as “The Man in the Middle".
Joe was happy to give a tour of the Capitol to students from Delphi Middle School this afternoon. Thanks for visiting!
Sobering data from Pew Research on the increasing number of unaccompanied children crossing the border. We must help.
In New Mexico, too often we find ourselves dealing with the impacts of climate change. We're already seeing its effects manifest itself in more extreme drought conditions, larger and more intense wildfires, shrinking forests, and increased flooding when it does rain. The time to tackle this issue is now. Together we can create a healthier more stable environment for future generations. 
Today at a Senate Banking Committee hearing, I made the case for my bill that will allow North Dakotans with existing student loan debt to refinance to lower interest rates. This bill would enable 63,000 North Dakota student loan borrowers refinance to lower interest rates. I’m pushing to move our bill forward tomorrow, and I hope Senators from both sides of the aisle will join together to stand up for our students by voting for this bill. 
On June 10, 1963, President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law with the goal of men and women getting equal pay for equal work. More than 50 years later, women still only make 74% of every dollar men make in North Dakota. This is unacceptable, and I'm committed to fighting for pay equality for all Americans, and passing paycheck fairness legislation.
Richland County received a $8.5 million federal loan to help expand and upgrade access to high-speed internet for rural towns.  In order for rural communities to continue to grow and thrive in a digital age, families and businesses that live there need to be able to access reliable and affordable high-speed Internet. These new funds will help make that possible for residents in Richland County, and I’ll continue to push for the build out of more high-speed Internet across our state. 
Today the President signed a bipartisan bill into law that I have long pushed for. It supports water infrastructure projects in North Dakota by providing permanent flood protection for more than 200,000 residents in around Fargo and surrounding areas and preventing the Army Corps form charging for water at Lake Sakakawea. Now we need to come together to get the diversion built to protect our communities from the devastating consequences of future floods while also addressing the upstream impacts. Because Mayor Walaker played an instrumental role in advancing long-term flood protection for the Fargo-Moorhead region, I worked to make sure he could join the President for the bill signing. 
Christopher Bryski was studying at Rutgers when he suffered a severe traumatic brain injury in 2004 & later passed away. During this devastating time, Christopher’s parents were shocked to find out his student loan debt continued – neither the injury nor Christopher’s death was enough to stop the debt from growing.  Today I introduced “Christopher’s Law,” a simple and common-sense bill that requires student loan providers to clearly communicate to borrowers & co-signers what their obligations will be in the instance of death or disability.  By increasing transparency in this simple & small way, we can help save families like Christopher’s years of potential financial hardship down the road. http://1.usa.gov/1n3UExc
Students from Sharon Center School stopped by this morning. Was great to see them in DC
Great to have UCONN men's and women's basketball in DC today. #BleedBlue #GoHuskies
This is horrible and tragic news for our community and all of Oregon. This situation is every parent's worst nightmare. I am deeply grateful to our law enforcement and first responders for arriving on the scene quickly and for working to safely reunite students with their families. My thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim, all the students, teachers and parents at Reynolds High School, and the Troutdale community.
The Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinance Act, introduced by Senators Elizabeth Warren and Al Franken, is a lifeline to those with student loan debt.   The bill would provide graduates, who are now beholden to higher interest rates, with a two-year period to refinance to current student loans rates – 3.86% for undergraduates and 5.41% for graduate students.   This legislation would allow more than 25 million Americans to refinance expensive student loans.    In my home state of Nevada, more than 250,000 student loan borrowers would save thousands in interest fees by refinancing at current rates.  We have to act. Student loan debt now exceeds $1 trillion dollars – that’s more than credit card or auto loan debt.
I fought hard so that Las Vegas could have a brand-new veterans hospital, and it is a disgrace this hospital has been mismanaged. 
@genprogress helped bring 300K petitions from students to Congress calling for a #fairshot at affording college.
NA
“While it has been 51 years since the Equal Pay Act was enacted, making equal pay for equal work the law of the land, the fight for equality in the workplace isn’t over. Every day that pay discrimination persists is a day when we do an injustice to hardworking American women, and I’ll continue to fight to pass important pieces of legislation like the Paycheck Fairness Act on behalf of women in the workplace.”  –JS
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor earlier today to call for action on legislation to address the growing student loan debt crisis that is hurting the economy and families in New Hampshire and across the country. Shaheen called for swift passage of the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act and outlined the need for her amendment to help students manage their student loans.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1l4zJvQ    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUhFNEefHig
There are serious problems with access to care at VA facilities across the country. Today I held a hearing on the VA’s IT infrastructure. Our veterans deserve better than an antiquated scheduling system. We must get veterans in the door for appointments more quickly. http://1.usa.gov/1mEBZXp
