Here is a great article in today’s New York Times that shows some of the amazing work that our University of Delaware Blue Hens are doing to make electric cars more efficient and even contribute energy to the power grid. Innovations like this are the future and will ultimately help to clean our air and decrease our dependence on foreign oil. http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/26/business/energy-environment/electric-vehicles-begin-to-earn-money-from-the-grid.html?pagewanted=1&_r=1&seid=auto&smid=tw-nytimesscience
Every worker deserves to be confident that while doing their jobs, their employers are doing everything they can to protect them. And no employer who provides a safe workplace should be at a competitive disadvantage to those that take short cuts and disregard safety laws at the expense of safety.
U.S. Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) unveiled a new law to make witness intimidation a federal crime and provide grants to local law enforcement to better protect witnesses. Casey detailed how passage of this federal law, the State Witness Protection Act, could help local law enforcement better protect witnesses and reduce crime. Senator Casey was joined by Leland Kent, Executive Director of Victim, Witness and Neighborhood Services for the Philadelphia District Attorney's office.
While visiting Louie's, I pushed for passage of my bill to promote construction and retail improvements for restaurants and small businesses - http://1.usa.gov/ZRTbxL
Reminder: Hoosiers can still report flood damage online through the Indiana Department of Homeland Security's website. This will help state officials determine whether to request federal assistance.  https://myoracle.in.gov/hs/damage/ia-public.do?method=active&incidentId=IA20130419121922
Did you miss Senator Donnelly’s maiden address to the Senate this week? Watch it in full on Joe’s YouTube page.
“Drug traffickers are motivated by one thing: money. The illicit proceeds from their crimes are blood money, and blood money has no place in our financial system.”
“I would like to ask that the Administration review the status of the 86 detainees who were cleared for transfer in the past and let me know if there are suitable places to continue to hold or resettle these detainees either in their home countries or third countries.”
Sad to learn that former North Dakota Governor Bill Guy has passed. He worked tirelessly to improve the lives of North Dakotans.
I believe development of offshore resources will be beneficial to Virginia’s economy and our nation’s energy security. I look forward to working with Rep. Rigell, Senator Warner and the rest of the Virginia delegation on advancing this priority in Congress.
I’m proud to co-sponsor the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) that would ban workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.  As Governor, I signed an executive order to ban discrimination against state employees, including on the basis of sexual orientation and I will continue to support efforts to ensure equal treatment under the law. All people should be guaranteed equal rights.
Check out a clip from a release in the photo below and read the whole thing here: http://1.usa.gov/17kKEJc
At Bassick High in Bridgeport to talk school safety and gun reform with students. Need to keep fighting for these kids
In Hartford with Senator Blumenthal discussing the path forward for common sense gun reform. Not giving up.
In Claire’s first Subcommittee on Financial & Contracting Oversight hearing , she referenced the more than 100 individual stories she received from all of you about your experiences dealing with the medical equipment device companies. She let the panel know about a doctor in Chesterfield who first tipped her off to these aggressive sales tactics, and a mother and daughter in southwest Missouri who wrote to her about the multiple calls they receive everyday trying to get them to buy products they don’t need. KMOV-TV spoke to the St. Louis area doctor who led Claire to begin her investigation and hearing into this issue.
Discrimination is just plain wrong. It is shocking that there is still anywhere in America where it is legal to fire someone for their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 55 – Marion County  Marion County is such a beautiful county, and it is special to me because it is where I was raised and where Gayle and I raised our children.   Fact: Marion County is home to 1984 Olympic Gold Medal winner in gymnastics, Mary Lou Retton.   Recommendation: When traveling, don't forget to eat! Marion County is home to the pepperoni roll, so make sure to stop for one.
West Virginians, I encourage all of you to participate in National Drug Take Back Day tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. This is an opportunity for all of us to come together and work toward fighting against drug abuse.   The U.S. DEA will set up locations around the state to safely dispose of unwanted, unused prescription drugs.   Click here for a full list of locations in West Virginia:   http://1.usa.gov/YZOsdk
ICYMI: This morning, Senator Manchin talked with Fox and Friends about the sequester and last night's Senate vote to stop air-controller furloughs and prevent travel delays. Watch here:  http://bit.ly/12MQOAJ
Pleased to meet with members of Planned Parenthood this week to discuss the importance of funding women’s health and prevention programs.
Most of the headlines this week were focused on the hours the sequester has cost travelers in airports across the nation. The frustration and the economic effects of those delays should not be minimized. But the sequester could also cost this country – and humankind – a cure for AIDS or Parkinson’s disease or cancer.  These arbitrary cuts have decimated funding for medical researchers. Democrats will continue to fight to stop these draconian cuts and mitigate those consequences.
It was wonderful to celebrate "Bring your Daughters and Sons to Work Day" in the Shaheen office! Pictured here are Shaheen Defense Fellow Tasya Lacy and her four children. Thank you for coming to visit!
Senator Jeanne Shaheen released the following statement today after the House and Senate both passed legislation to reverse the sequester-driven furloughing of 15,000 Federal Aviation Administration air traffic controllers:  “With the safety, efficiency and integrity of our air travel system on the line, I am glad Congress was finally able to come together in a bipartisan way to avoid future furloughing of air traffic controllers.  However, we can’t stop here. We still need to more completely address the sequester’s damaging, across-the-board cuts. The Senate budget I voted for accomplished that goal and offered a long-term, balanced solution toward addressing the debt and deficit without sacrificing critical national security and economic interests. These harmful, automatic cuts were never designed to be implemented and as this week’s furloughs unfortunately demonstrated, we must act to protect our economy and our workers from the crippling consequences.”
New Mexico continues to battle high rates of prescription drug abuse, but we are making progress through successful events like tomorrow's National Prescription Drug Abuse Take-Back Day. I hope you'll take the opportunity to turn in unused or expired medication free and anonymously at a drop-off sites around the state. Just click on the link below to search for the location nearest you.
Make no mistake: chained CPI cuts Social Security for seniors and benefits for our disabled veterans. LIKE & SHARE if you agree that we should oppose these cuts.
NA
Talking deficit reduction and the importance of bipartisanship with Dell employees in Fairfax
Grabbing lunch at Northside Social in Clarendon
Joining my friend Bruce DePuyt this morning on NewsChannel 8's NewsTalk.
