Five GOP-appointed men decided bosses can deny health care to their employees. Today we’re introducing a bill to fix this. #HobbyLobby
Today’s ruling affirms that anyone, regardless of their sexual orientation, should be able to marry the person they love. Same-sex couples deserve the same rights and opportunities under the law that Susan and I enjoy. This is another step in the march toward full marriage equality.
I spent last week going town to town in Connecticut listening to constituents ask me: what are you doing in Washington to stop gun violence? This past holiday weekend, two people were gunned down in Bridgeport within 75 minutes of one another.   The fact that then, on Monday, we considered legislation to expand recreational shooting on federal lands without first addressing the scourge of gun violence is a stark reminder of Congress’s misplaced priorities and unfulfilled obligation to the American people.   We must work to find common ground on making America safer: http://j.mp/1jdTNgv
Staff shared this photo of a lull in the storm last night over #Baltimore.   #MdWeather  US National Weather Service Baltimore/Washington
Moms Clean Air Force stopped by our Washington office today.   The sign reads:  "...It's time to protect Maryland's children from #ClimateChange"  -Agreed
#SCOTUS  got it wrong with #HobbyLobby. That's why I'm supporting the Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act. The legislation would restore the contraceptive coverage requirement guaranteed by the #ACAt and protect coverage of other health services from employers who want to impose their beliefs on their employees by denying benefits.   Allowing employers to force their own religious beliefs on their employees under the guise of religious freedom is inexplicable. The Supreme Court has put the health of American women at risk while opening the door for private employers who are looking for a reason not to comply with the law.  Whether a woman uses contraception should be a private decision not subject to a financial veto by her employer. The Affordable Care Act guarantees the majority of women coverage for comprehensive preventive health services, including contraception.  Imposing additional financial burdens on a woman because her employer claims to hold certain beliefs contrary to the law sets a dangerous precedent.  #NotMyBossBusiness
Watch the hearing on challenges at our border now here: http://1.usa.gov/1qgvltV
PennLive.com highlights some amazing outdoor attractions in Pennsylvania.
In case you missed it, I joined John Barrasso on Fox News Sunday to discuss events in the Middle East.
This New York Times Op-Ed explains why a strong Gainful Employment Rule – and more federal oversight of For-profit schools –is needed to protect students from schools that leave them buried in debt with little to show for it. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/09/opinion/lessons-of-a-for-profit-college-collapse.html?_r=2
“The story of the Civil Rights Act can be told through the leadership and vision of a long list of extraordinary Hoosiers…This 50th anniversary is a powerful reminder that if we truly want to improve our country, we have to work together” –Joe today on the floor of the U.S. Senate honoring several Hoosiers who played an instrumental role in the fight for greater civil rights around the time of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. His speech commemorated the 50th anniversary of this landmark legislation being signed into law on July 2, 1964. 
Cutting edge research at Livermore Lab could help restore memory function for those with traumatic brain injuries.
Proud to cosponsor legislation introduced by Senator Murray to ensure employees can make their own health care choices.
The Supreme Court’s decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby last week is alarming. Employers should not have the right to impose their beliefs and make decisions about what health care services an employee can access. Which is why I'm cosponsoring legislation introduced today to ensure women can make the health and family planning decisions that are best for themselves and their families without interference from their bosses. It’s imperative we keep corporations out of personal health decisions and leave control in the hands of patients and their doctors.
It was great working with the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Risk Management Agency Regional Director Doug Hagel. His work to help improve crop insurance for North Dakota farmers and ranchers and implement the policies efficiently has affected the lives of so many families and communities in our state. Thanks to Doug for his service, and I hope he enjoys his well-deserved retirement. http://www.grandforksherald.com/content/well-known-rma-director-retires-after-career-marked-shift-better-crop-coverage
Today I voted to confirm San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro to be U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. During my recent discussions with Mr. Castro, I made sure he understood the housing challenges our state faces – from an extreme shortage of affordable housing to a lack of adequate housing in rural areas and on tribal lands. As a member of the Senate Committee that oversees HUD, I will work closely with him, along with state and local officials, and the private sector, on long-term solutions to North Dakota’s housing challenges. http://1.usa.gov/U45fQl
While walking along The Preserve land with members of the Old Saybrook community a few weeks ago, it couldn’t have been more clear that this breathtaking open space needs to be protected for our future generations. This forest land is the ideal place to spend an afternoon hiking, exploring, and observing Connecticut’s natural beauty. I’ve been committed to open space protection issues since my days as a state official and I know how committed the land preservation community has been to protecting The Preserve. Last night's outcome is a huge win and I commend all those who worked hard to make it happen.  http://www.nhregister.com/general-news/20140708/old-saybrook-votes-to-save-the-preserve-for-3m
Breaking: the results of a first-of-its-kind national survey on campus sexual assaults—results Claire said must serve as a “wakeup call” to the nation’s institutions of higher learning. Full-report, here: http://1.usa.gov/VKiqqJ
The Supreme Court may not get it, but we do. Our bill will put women back in charge of their health care. #NotMyBossBusiness
Congratulations to Heavenly Adkins of St. Albans, Ace Lipscomb of Princeton and Cedar Sands of New Martinsville, who are the West Virginia winners of the Library of Congress’ Letters About Literature Contest. More than 50,000 young readers from across the country participated in this year’s Letters About Literature initiative, a national reading and writing program that asks young people in grades 4 through 12 to write to an author about how his or her book affected their lives.  With this outstanding academic achievement, these young West Virginians have made our state very proud.   To learn more about the Letters About Literature Contest, please click here: http://www.read.gov/letters/
The Supreme Court decision by five men in the Hobby Lobby case was wrong, and we're trying to make it right.
The steps that the beleaguered nation of Israel takes to try and protect itself are far different than so many of the aggressive actions of too many on the Palestinian side with too much support from the Palestinian people. There is no moral equivalency. 
Bringing Lincoln Bedell letters home to Chautauqua County would be a fitting tribute.  http://www.buffalonews.com/city-region/chautauqua-county/schumer-wants-to-bring-lincoln-letters-to-chautauqua-county-20140708
Today Senator Shaheen is co-sponsoring legislation in response to last week’s Supreme Court Hobby Lobby ruling that would protect women’s health care from employer interference. The Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act of 2014 would specifically make sure that no employer who provides group health insurance coverage to its employees can deny specific health benefits, including contraception coverage, to employees or their dependents.  LIKE and SHARE if you support keeping women, and not their employers, in charge of their own health care.
Thanks to the Supreme Court, a nameless, faceless corporation can stand between a woman and her basic health care needs. A woman's health care decisions should be made in private in consultation with her doctor. That’s why Senator John Walsh and I are cosponsoring the Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act - to overturn the Hobby Lobby decision.  
Outdoor activities are an essential part of New Mexico's history and identity, and they help boost the economy of our communities by creating and supporting tourism and recreation jobs.   I'm pleased to see more than $500,000 is being awarded to New Mexico through the Land and Water Conservation Fund to support these activities – at no additional taxpayer cost. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue fighting to make this funding permanent to help create more outdoor recreation opportunities, to support our economy, and so New Mexicans can enjoy our state's beautiful open spaces for generations to come. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1710
Beginning July 16, I'm partnering on three Job To Career Readiness Bootcamp workshops in Southern New Mexico to help job seekers strengthen their interview skills and better prepare themselves to land a job. Employers in Doña Ana County are seeking to fill up to 1,000 jobs, and these events will help local residents obtain the skills needed to fill these positions. If you're looking for a job or know someone who is, I encourage you to visit the link below, share it with your friends, and register for a free workshop by calling 575-527-7538.  Special thanks to the Mesilla Valley Economic Development Alliance (MVEDA), Doña Ana Community College, and the City of Las Cruces Government for co-hosting. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/bootcamp/
I asked privacy and consumer protection experts to look into Facebook's recent experiment to influence the emotions of more than 700,000 of its users. WAVY TV 10 has the story. 
Today I asked privacy and consumer protection experts about recent reports that Facebook conducted an experiment to study the emotional impact of manipulating information on the News Feeds of nearly 700,000 users. I come from the technology world, and I understand that social media companies are looking for ways to extract value from the information willingly provided by their huge customer base. However, I think the industry could benefit from a conversation about what are the appropriate rules of the road going forward. 
I was very happy to join Americans for Financial Reform and Public Citizen today to receive 600,000 petition signatures supporting the 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act, which we introduced one year ago this week.  More than five years after the financial crisis, the big banks keep getting bigger and loading up on risk. It's time to pass a new Glass-Steagall to make banking boring, and to help protect our economy.
