Today Senate Republicans turned their backs on 1.7 million Americans, including 276,000 Californians who are struggling to make ends meet while they look for work. We will continue to fight to renew unemployment insurance. 
We need to listen to the voices of Californian Stacey Thompson & all the courageous survivors of military sexual assault and pass the Military Justice Improvement Act.
Tammy is pushing President Obama to support #MadeinWI shipbuilding at Marinette Marine Corp.
Disappointing that something as vital as unemployment insurance was filibustered today and not even given an up/down vote.   U.S. Senate Democrats will continue to push to #RenewUI
With three job seekers for every job, there are still too many Americans who are having trouble finding work. Now is not the time to make things harder for them by ending emergency unemployment assistance. We need to act to restore these benefits as quickly as possible. #RenewUI
Max Baucus has been a good friend and a great partner for the 13 years that I’ve been fortunate to spend with him in the Senate.  I want to thank him for his service to Montana, and we look forward to his next great tenure of service as Ambassador to China.
I was happy to see Vice President Biden promote the need for infrastructure investment at the unveiling of Amtrak’s new Cities Sprinter locomotive.  Amtrak has been a staple for Joe and I and thousands of Delawareans to efficiently move throughout the country, creating jobs for so many hard-working Americans.
CQ/Roll Call and National Journal recently released their vote ratings for 2013, ranking Senator Donnelly as the 52nd most liberal and the 48th most conservative, as well as the 3rd most independent Democrat in the U.S. Senate. “I’m the hired help—I work for the people of Indiana and the United States and no one else,” said Donnelly.
Best of luck to Team USA as the 2014 Winter Olympics kick off today. Share this story of one Olympian who got his start in Indiana.
The Farm Bill creates a safety net for California dairy farmers by offering support when feed prices high/milk prices low. 
Pleased with the news that Jornada Experimental Range in Las Cruces was chosen to be one of USDA's first ever "Climate Hubs" and will play a key role in providing scientific information to help farmers and ranchers adapt to a changing climate.
I have traveled all across North Dakota and witnessed firsthand the devastating conditions of so many Native schools. There is so much we can and should do so every Native child feels valued when they walk into school in the morning. Today, I spoke with members from the National Indian Education Association about my bill to create a Commission on Native Children and why I think improving education in Indian country should be a high priority for Congress.
Federally-recognized Indian Tribes and tribal organizations are now eligible to apply for the opportunity to recruit AmeriCorps members through the Corporation for National and Community Service. AmeriCorps members can help strengthen communities through national service programs that aim to improve education, support for veterans and their families, disaster preparation and response, and more economic opportunities. Applications can be found online at the link below, and are due Wednesday, April 30, 2014 at 5:00 p.m. ET. 
Many of you have asked me to stay committed to renewing long-term unemployment insurance & I continue to vote to help you.    I know this is a critical lifeline for so many families in New Jersey & across the nation to make ends meet while looking for work. I just hope Republicans realize that & come around soon.
Automatic renewal is great when it comes to gym membership or Netflix, but it isn't the right approach when it comes to war. Before we commit massive resources and thousands of troops to another decade in Afghanistan, the American people should be able to weigh in and Congress should vote. Leading an effort to push for that vote with United States Senator Mike Lee, Senator Rand Paul and Senator Joe Manchin III
ICYMI: Yesterday I introduced legislation to honor the 12.5 million veterans over the age of 60 in the U.S.  Our brave men and women have served this country with unparalleled honor and distinction. As Americans, it is our duty to thank our veterans every day for their unwavering devotion and passion to the greatest country in the world.  Read more on my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=236b4422-9e70-4457-85c9-a9183a7f34e1
Today, the U.S. Senate fell one vote short of breaking a Republican filibuster to advance U.S. Senator Jack Reed’s legislation to renew unemployment insurance (UI), help strengthen our economy, and assist 1.7 million long-term unemployed Americans as they search for work.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VBu0GbTSfk&feature=youtu.be
We need just ONE VOTE from Republicans to pass UI extension. We'll vote again on this soon.
The Senate will vote at 2 pm EST today on a bill to extend unemployment insurance.
#TeamUSA: We stand w/ you no matter your "race, religion, politics, gender or otherwise," Go for Gold! #p6 @Athleteally
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor this morning calling on Congress to support an extension of unemployment insurance. Shaheen highlighted the consequences that failing to extend unemployment insurance has already had on the economy and Granite State families. Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=61598182-e324-4c64-b3a9-893bcc74bf10
Thank you Max for your service to Montanans.  I know you will continue to stand up for our state as you serve our nation overseas.
Great visiting with members of the New Mexico Farm and Livestock Bureau today, especially the young leaders representing our state so well at the Young Farmers & Ranchers Leadership Conference in Virginia this weekend. New Mexico has a proud tradition of farming and ranching, and I am committed to making sure we are doing all we can to grow the economy in our rural communities. Passing the farm bill was an important part of this goal, and I look forward to continuing to work with them to expand opportunities for working families and future generations in agriculture.
Congratulations to the rising stars of the #NMWIT2014 Women in Technology Celebration in New Mexico, including the high school and college students who received top honors in Albuquerque today. Science, technology, engineering and math education is critical for the jobs of the future, and we must continue to support opportunities for young women interested in entering technology fields in New Mexico. I'm very proud of the New Mexico Technology Council for their work on the ground and proud to be a strong supporter of STEM education for our state.
Looking forward to watching Cranston, RI’s Marissa Castelli skate in the Sochi Olympics tonight!   
What's been your experience clearing passport control at Dulles International Airport? We're hearing 90min-2 hour lines are common for int'l arrivals and business travelers returning to America. Surely we can do better than that! Share your experience, photos.
In 2013 alone, JPMorgan spent nearly $17 billion to settle claims with the federal government. And at the end of the year, JPMorgan gave its CEO a 75 percent raise. If the CEOs of financial institutions that break the law can settle claims out of court and get rewarded with a pay raise for those settlements, then where's the deterrent? Today I asked federal regulators whether they thought our enforcement strategy is working, or whether it's actually so bad that we're making it more likely for big banks to break the law. 
