VIDEO: Tammy speaks with the Green Bay Press Gazette on the sequester: "The people, the families, the small businesses and big businesses in this state and in this country need to know that there is a regular way of doing things, that we're not going to live from fiscal crisis to fiscal crisis." See more at the link.
Reminder! Calling all middle school and high school students who want to learn more about attending a service academy after high school - please come to my information session tomorrow night at Del Tech's Terry Campus in Dover. 
Please share ... 
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette - "U.S. Sen. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania gets it, too. On Friday, he was at Station Square championing the repair of aging locks and dams, without which the barge traffic cannot flow. This region has 23 locks and dams and they are among the oldest in the nation. Mr. Casey is proposing a bill in Congress that would modernize the inland waterways system, bringing a payoff for Pittsburgh and the nation."
You can stand with Senator Coons and Equality Delaware and help win marriage equality in Delaware this year. Go to http://equalitydelaware.org/petition and sign up!
"We have a real chance to pass marriage equality in Delaware this year, and show the next generation of LGBTQ youth that they are not broken; that they are not wrong; that they ARE equal."
Finishing up Day Two of “Closing the Skills Gap Tour,” Joe met with ROTC students at Indiana State University and took a tour of the College of Technology. There, Sen. Donnelly saw how students are learning innovative and efficient skills employers need for the high demand jobs that are currently available in the workforce.
Joe just wrapped up a lunch with students and professors from Ivy Tech Community College - Southwest where he spoke about closing the skills gap with common sense legislation from Washington. Community colleges like Ivy Tech could directly benefit with the skills gap programs as students would learn the skills employers need to fill these vacant jobs. Share this post with your friends if you’re for bridging the skills gap and providing Hoosiers with better opportunities to find the jobs they want.
For Day 2 of Joe’s “Closing the Skills Gap Tour,” Sen. Donnelly began his day with the tour of Jeffboat, the nation’s largest inland shipbuilding facility. Jeffboat’s commitment to innovation in manufacturing and engineering in marine design construction has allowed the company to remain successful for close to 70 years. With this tour, Joe wants to share his commitment toward providing the best training programs possible so future workers can match the skills demanded by employers like Jeffboat.
The looming sequester will have serious consequences to jobs, the economy, education, health/safety and national security. We must act.
Today's sobering report on the Chinese military’s efforts to hack American targets shows an urgent need for cyber security legislation.
Senator Heitkamp Discussing VAWA at United Tribes Technical College this morning
Looking forward to my VAWA discussions in Bismarck and Jamestown tomorrow. Will discuss how important the law is to North Dakota families.
I kicked off my four-day defense tour as a new member of the Senate Armed Services Committee with stops in Hampton Roads to discuss military readiness, shipbuilding, and the damaging effects of sequestration that were already being felt in Virginia.
At Naval Station Norfolk, the largest U.S. Navy base in the world and the largest military installation in Virginia, I heard directly about the impact the USS Truman delay will have on thousands of sailors and their families.
I began the day with a tour of Newport News Shipbuilding which employs more than 22,000 Virginians.
NA
During a discussion with folks from shipyards in Hampton Roads I learned more about the damaging effects sequestration would have on ship repairs
Just released new report showing gaping disconnect between NRA leadership and its members, who want sensible gun reform http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aOoGAYJ-K8
"She brought a new standard for accountability to Washington, D.C., much like Harry Truman did when he was in the Senate during World War II. Let’s call it a Missouri brand of oversight. . .Sen. McCaskill’s new role should serve as a warning to government bureaucrats and those who do business with the federal government that accountability is coming. Call it the McCaskill Wave of Accountability."
NA
NA
Click below to watch WBIN-TV's coverage of Senator Shaheen's work in New Hampshire to support the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).
NA
Touring the Montana Food Bank Network in Missoula
I'm proud to announce Remonia Fisher as the winner of the Winter Cover Photo Contest. Remonia’s photo of Augusta County in winter is captivating and highlights one of Virginia’s most uniquely beautiful regions. I’ve really enjoyed showcasing diverse parts of the Commonwealth and featuring the work of so many great Virginia photographers through this photo contest. Thanks to all who participated!
