In honor of the U.S. #Navy’s birthday, I want to thank all the sailors who have served and are serving, as well as their families, for the untold sacrifices they have made in the name of protecting our nation and defending freedom, democracy and stability around the world. I stand in appreciation of their ability, dedication and courage. Former Chief of Naval Operations Admiral George Anderson said it best when he remarked: ‘The Navy has both a tradition and a future and we look with pride and confidence in both directions.  As a U.S. Senator from Maryland, I am proud that our state is home to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis. The USNA was founded in 1845 by the Secretary of the Navy, George Bancroft. Many great Americans have graduated from the Naval Academy including presidents, senators, representatives, astronauts, NBA and NFL stars, and many others. The Academy is a premier institute preparing 4,536 young adults who will be the future leaders of the U.S. Military and our national, shaping global events for decades to come.  On this 239th Birthday of the Navy, in the words of the Navy fight song, I salute all of our sailors, Navy veterans, and their strong faith, amazing courage, true service and honor, honor over all!
I had a wonderful visit to the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge. I especially enjoyed meeting members of the Native American Urban Youth Corps and partners from La Plazita and Rio Grande Bird Research, Inc. And thank you for the informative tour by Refuge Manager Jennifer Owen-White. Making the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge a reality has truly been a community effort and is representative of New Mexico's tremendous role in preserving America's outdoor heritage.
Today's announcement that a new natural gas liquid-sourced manufacturing facility will be built in North Dakota will help us take advantage of an underused resource in the Bakken, develop new products, create jobs, and better support economic development in even more communities throughout our state.
We didn't get the win but the Bills are here to stay!
