My thoughts are with all those injured and displaced by the powerful earthquake that caused significant damage in Napa and other communities.  I am sending my field staff to Napa tomorrow and I will be talking to local officials about how we can help ensure that residents, businesses and communities have the resources they need to recover and rebuild.
Recently, I signed up for my Social Security account with John Krestian at the Lewes SSA office. You can check your benefits, change your address, among other things online, instead of going into the office. I encourage everyone to check it out. http://www.ssa.gov/myaccount/
UNM is making headlines! 
Chimayo? Hatch? Lemitar? What kind of green chile are you peeling this August?
I'm proud to work with Senator Susan Collins on climate change legislation. Short-lived climate pollutants are the problem too few people are talking about, but are doing some of the worst damage to the atmosphere. As we work to combat threats to our climate, we can’t leave short-lived pollutants out of the equation. http://m.ctpost.com/news/article/Bipartisanship-has-not-died-5704051.php
Congrats to McMinnville for being named one of the best Main Streets in America!
Thanks to my good friend Coach Nick Saban, or as we know him in West Virginia “Brother Saban,” for nominating me to take the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. Also a big thanks to my wife Gayle for helping me complete the challenge. I have proudly accepted, and I will be donating to help find a cure for ALS. I now nominate my friends Nick Casey for WV, Congressman Nick Rahall, Natalie Tennant, Glen Gainer, West Virginia University President Gordon Gee and Marshall University President Stephen Kopp. Good luck!   Learn more about ALS and donate to the cause at www.alsa.org.
Congratulations to Yummy Bags Ministry in Hinton, Our House Our Youth Center in Parsons and A Hit for Our LC Kids in Weston. These West Virginia organizations have won the State Farm Neighborhood Assist funding and have proven to be among America’s greatest charitable programs. This year, thousands of causes from around the country were submitted and these organizations made the final 40 to win $25,000 each for their cause. This funding will be used to make positive changes that will benefit the families and children in their communities. Thank you for your honorable efforts to make a positive impact in the Mountain State.   To read more about the State Farm Neighborhood Assist Program and to see how each West Virginia organization plans to use their $25,000 grant, please click here: https://apps.facebook.com/sf_neighbor_assist/ 
