October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month, and today is Purple Tie Tuesday—a day for men to raise awareness about domestic violence and show their commitment to promoting healthy relationships. The men on my staff in DC and Connecticut came together in this effort, and we hope you’ll make your own commitment today. #dvam Interval House CT CT Coalition Against Domestic Violence
Sergeant First Class Frank Somohano served in the United States Marine Corps, Army National Guard, and Army Reserve for a combined period of twenty-two years—he served in Vietnam, and was an Army Recruiter. In the 1980s, Mr. Somohano was released from the military honorably with a disability condition. Although he was honorably discharged, Mr. Somohano did not receive the medals and awards he was entitled to from his time in service.    My office has been working with SFC Somohano since 2013 to get the medals he bravely earned. Today, I proudly presented him with 17 medals and ribbons, and 1 discharge lapel pin.    He is a distinguished veteran who deserves our support. Congratulations, Mr. Somohano!
I am looking forward to meeting Delaware's top teachers tonight at the Teacher of the Year banquet in Dover! http://www.doe.k12.de.us/infosuites/Students_family/toy/default.shtml
“For more than four decades, including the past 10 years as Adjutant General of Indiana, Major General Umbarger has served Hoosiers and our country with distinction and honor. We thank General Umbarger for his extraordinary service, dedication, and commitment to protecting Hoosiers and our nation. Indiana has a long and proud tradition of serving our country, and General Umbarger’s leadership has played a critical role in ensuring that our brave men and women have the training and support they need. With the fourth largest National Guard contingent in the nation and the well respected J9 Resilience program for Guard members and their families, General Umbarger has made the Indiana National Guard a national model. On behalf of Hoosiers, we wish General Umbarger and his wife Rowana the best.” –Joe on Major General R. Martin Umbarger’s announcement that he will retire as Adjutant General of Indiana in May 2015, after 45 years of service in the Indiana National Guard.  http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-thanks-retiring-adjutant-major-general-umbarger-for-extraordinary-service
A member of Joe’s staff attended the #RedRibbonWeek kick-off breakfast in Muncie this morning. The event was hosted by the Delaware County Prevention Council—a group committed to combating drug and substance abuse in Delaware County and the surrounding communities.
Protecting Native American seeds isn't just about preserving indigenous crops and strengthening an already deep connection to the past, but could also have significant health benefits.  http://www.takepart.com/article/2014/10/20/native-american-seeds
Investments in job-driven training and education programs will allow colleges across New Mexico to better prepare students to help fill New Mexico’s expanding health care and technology workforce needs.
A little less than three hours to go and this place will have the nation's attention. Good luck to those Boys in Blue. #TakeTheCrown #WorldSeries
Today, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced that the Embudo Valley Library and Community Center will receive $49,343 to equip and upgrade the interior of a local food cooperative that provides healthy foods. These types of investments in rural New Mexico help support businesses, grow local economies, strengthen communities, and provide New Mexicans with increased access to local, healthy food. I continue to fight for investments to support the rural fabric of our state and boost our local economy.
