We're going to keep fighting for PILT so rural Colorado doesn't have to foot the bill to care for Federal land. As Mesa County Commissioner Steve Aquafresca said: "If any other property taxpayer in the country decided that 'Money was too tight, I'm in a deficit situation and I'm just going to quit paying my property taxes,' they'd find their property on the auction block. Yet the federal government exempts themselves from that."
Last week I was proud to join Sen. Mary Landrieu and 14 others in sponsoring a resolution designating January 2014 as "National Mentoring Month."  Today I highlight one great mentoring relationship in our state. between Sgt. Shannon Daniels Korey Bishop, a 12th grader readying for graduation at William Penn High School. Keep up the good work!
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Project Lead The Way Inc. in Indy is expanding, creating up to 30 new jobs. The nonprofit establishes and promotes activities for K-12 students in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and math.
Congratulations to Bethel College’s men’s basketball head coach Mike Lightfoot on his 700th career victory last night. Lightfoot has been coaching at Bethel since 1987.
I discussed the future of NSA programs on NBC's Meet the Press with Rep. Mike Rogers on Sunday.
Driving to Hatch and caught this great view of the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks.
Like so many other veterans across North Dakota, Devils Lake-area veterans have spent hours upon hours driving to get care in Fargo. When I took office and listened to the stories about the delays that slowed up this project, I made it a top priority to make sure construction takes place and is completed. Today when I visited the facility and met with Mercy Hospital President, Jim Marshall, and Brenda Langerud, chair of the board of Mercy Hospital,  I was assured construction is on track. I'll continue to closely monitor the situation to make sure our veterans get the health care they deserve. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=17c3ef73-c42f-401e-aeda-46ef2cf093b1
Wonderful piece by Kevin Wallevand on WDAY-TV about veteran Eric Marts who will be my guest at the State of the Union in Washington next week. I'm honored Eric is able to join. Tune in to Eric's radio show, Heroes of the Heartland, on Saturdays at 10 a.m. CT on WDAY AM, where he highlights issues of importance to our veterans and provides an outlet for those who have served.
Holding my 200th town hall as Oregon's Senator in McMinnville this morning!
I have always said that what makes West Virginians some of the best people in our nation is their willingness to help a neighbor in need. If you live near McDowell County and would like to make a difference in the lives of our youth, consider being a youth mentor. Meet and greet is set for tomorrow in Welch.   For more information: http://bit.ly/1dPU0mx
Thanks to all of the Wood County veterans and small business community members who joined me today and provided productive feedback on the future of our state and our nation. I look forward to visiting Kenova and Wayne tomorrow.
Tonight, an important documentary called "Trafficked No More" will air on local channels. It sheds light on the deplorable sex trafficking that exploits children. http://traffickednomore.org/
Forty-one years ago today, the Supreme Court’s landmark Roe v. Wade decision recognized that women have the right to make their own decisions about their reproductive health care. But while this decision empowered American women, decades later a woman’s right to privacy and access to safe, affordable health care continues to face challenges.   We have more work ahead of us: we have to protect this fundamental right while simultaneously working to prevent unintended pregnancies and supporting pregnant women and mothers.  Protecting the health care rights of all American women is a responsibility I take very seriously and will continue to fight for in the future.   -JS
Reminder that today staff from Senator Shaheen’s office will be in Hanover at 11:00 a.m. and Lebanon at 1:00 p.m. to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security. Details here: http://1.usa.gov/1jm0g7A
Congratulations to Nanocomp Technologies in Merrimack for receiving DOD grant to continue their product development and national defense work. Nanocomp's continued expansion and innovation is a model for how private-public partnerships can fuel private-sector growth.
Forty-one years ago today, the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions.  It’s a right I’m proud to keep fighting for today.
Sorry to say that tonight's community dinner in South Kingstown has been postponed due to the weather. Details here: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/rhode-island/dinners/south-kingstown-community-dinner
During today's roundtable at the Greater Providence Chamber of Commerce, I enjoyed hearing from small business leaders about how our Congressional delegation can support Rhode Island's innovation economy -- thanks to everyone who joined us!  I look forward to taking Rhode Island's innovative ideas back to Washington.
Toured construction of Rocky Mount's great new Harvester performance facility in the eastern gateway of The Crooked Road: Virginia’s Heritage Music Trail.
Great tour and town hall meeting this morning at the Center for Advanced Engineering and Research. Cool tech happening right here in Bedford County!
