Heads up Veterans: The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has informed us that there is a marketing scam targeting Vets seeking benefits. Please share and read more here:
The Senate is supposed to be the world’s greatest deliberative body.  We are supposed to be able to debate issues but then come together to find a compromise that moves our country forward. The #Senate is broken. Our rules of consensus and comity have been abused.  Respecting the Senate’s Constitutional duty of Advise and Consent with respect to the President’s nominees doesn’t mean automatic confirmation, but it does mean that we should respect the process, the presidency, and these individuals enough to routinely give them an up-or-down vote.   I have been in the Congress sufficient years to have served in the majority and the minority. I understand the consequences of changing the rules, but what we are doing is returning to where the Senate can actually fulfill its Constitutional responsibilities.
Thanks to CNN Crossfire hosts Newt Gingrichand Van Jones. Enjoyed the debate with Tim Scott. Now time to get back to #Baltimore.
NA
The ABLE Act is commonsense bipartisan legislation that will help make it easier for families to save for their children and we should pass it immediately.  Individuals with disabilities and their families face challenges many of us can’t even begin to imagine. They deserve some assurance that they will be able to adequately plan for the future.
Senator Coons spoke on the floor today, urging his colleagues to address the crisis of sexual assault in the military. "This is, in the end, a debate about justice. Justice within our own armed forces, justice so that we can fulfill that sacred duty of protecting men and women in uniform as well as they protect us."
Two Santa Fe high school students produced a music video on protecting New Mexico’s public lands and the importance of the Land Water and Conservation Fund. Take a few minutes to watch it…it's really good!
Will New Mexico be next?  Hope so...
Today I met with Standing Rock Tribal Council members to discuss their current priorities.  Fighting for Native Americans and living up to our moral obligation and treaty responsibility to assist and protect Native Americans is one of my top priorities.
Happy Rural Health Day! 58% of communities in North Dakota have populations of 200 people or less, and it is my responsibility as North Dakota’s Senator to make sure we are working to improve the rural health care services offered throughout the state.  In North Dakota, there are 38 rural hospitals and 74 rural primary care clinics that are often folks’ only close medical care facilities so it is absolutely critical that they have the resources they need to do their job. Because rural health care services provide care to 1 in 5 Americans, committing to improving rural care services is a goal all of Congress should have.
Ten of my colleagues in the Senate have already co-sponsored my first bill that would create a Commission on Native Children. Having this strong bipartisan support right away shows there is a serious desire for folks to work together to address the challenges facing Native children. I will keep educating other members of Congress on the devastating realities many Native children face while also fighting to get this long overdue bill signed into law.
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday joined Senator Bernie Sanders and Congressman Peter Welch outside of the United States Capitol to speak with members of the Champlain Valley Union High School Model Congress class.
U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Thursday voted in favor of making changes to the Senate rules to overcome Republican abuse of filibuster rules and ensure the Senate’s ability to confirm qualified nominees to judicial and executive posts. Leahy, the President Pro Tempore and the Senate’s longest-serving member, presided over the series of procedural votes.
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-supports-change-in-senate-rules-to-address-unprecedented-filibusters-
I am overwhelmed by the outpouring of support from veterans and people with disabilities as the Senate Foreign Relations Committee discusses the Disability Treaty. 
 
 In today’s hearing, we again talked about why it is imperative the U.S. leads by example and helps the 1 billion people with disabilities worldwide.
 
 SHARE the photo below if you’re in favor of ratifying the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
The Washington Post Editorial Board is right: Speaker Boehner must act on immigration reform.  http://wapo.st/1fhMgKt   And, if a comprehensive solution isn’t what he wants to work on, I’ll be willing to take a step-by-step approach with the House so we can begin negotiations. We need to stop delaying and start fixing this broken system once and for all!
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Here’s why I changed the rules. Not for the good of the current Democratic majority, or some future Republican majority, but for the good of the United States of America.
We need break the gridlock in Washington. Enough is enough. A change to the rules regarding presidential nominees will apply equally to both parties. When Republicans are in power, these changes will apply to them as well. That’s simple fairness.
In case you missed it: Yesterday, Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor to call for swift passage of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) which authorizes all Department of Defense programs for the coming fiscal year and addresses major defense policy issues.  Watch the video here:  http://bit.ly/1batgf5
Reminder: TODAY, Senator Shaheen’s staff will hold office hours in Windham from 11:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. and in Pelham from 1:00 p.m.-2:00 p.m. For more information click here: http://1.usa.gov/18llLzC
Senator Schatz met with Philippine Ambassador to the United States Jose Cuisia, Jr. and Senator Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) to discuss the progress on the relief effort in the Philippines and how the U.S. Government can continue to help them rebuild.
Today is National Rural Health Day.  There are challenges to providing quality health care in rural states like Montana, but we overcome them when we work together to increase access like we have for generations. Learn more about National Rural Health Day HERE: http://celebratepowerofrural.org/
Today we took an important step to changing the way we do business in Washington. I've been fighting to reform the Senate since my first day here so we can end the constant obstruction and return to a government that works for the American people. This change finally returns the Senate to the majority rule standard that is required by the Constitution when it comes to executive branch and judicial nominees. And it prevents a minority from delaying them indefinitely. That is how our democracy is intended to work.  New Mexicans - all Americans - are tired of the gridlock in Washington. The recent filibuster of three D.C. Circuit nominees over the last four weeks wasn't the beginning of this obstruction. It was the final straw in a long history of blocking the president's nominees. Doing nothing was no longer an option. It was time to rein in the unprecedented abuse of the filibuster, and I'm relieved the Senate took action today.  Watch my video from a rally today in the Capitol, and share it if you agree – we've had enough of the filibuster and it's time to move on with our democracy.
Today, we took an important step to break the gridlock in the Senate.
Across America, more and more people are calling on institutions to use their investments to send the message that they do not support big polluters, and that they care about issues like climate change. Today, Congressman Jim Langevin and I introduced legislation that would allow millions of federal government employees and retirees to send that same message – to use the power of their individual purse to tell big polluters they can’t keep poisoning our air and water without consequences.
The Senate confirmation process was broken - perfectly qualified nominees were constantly being filibustered at a rate we’ve never seen before. Enough is enough. The rule that was changed today only impacts executive branch appointees and judicial nominees other than the Supreme Court. It still requires a majority vote of the Senate for confirmation. This change does not impact other legislation at all. The minority party can continue to filibuster other legislation with a 60-vote requirement.
