Given the unprecedented number of comments from the public on the Keystone XL pipeline proposal, and the legal uncertainties due to lawsuits in Nebraska, the State Department was entirely correct to delay a decision on the pipeline.    I was pleased to learn today that Secretary Kerry has agreed to take into account the public health impacts of the tar sands oil when he considers whether the pipeline is in the national interest.  But I still do not have a clear cut answer on whether there will be a separate health impacts study, which is clearly in the public interest.   I reminded the State Department today that joining the call for an independent health impacts study are National Nurses United, the American Public Health Association, and the National Association of County and City Health Officials.
Yesterday, I was a part of the groundbreaking for the Connecticut Trees of Honor Memorial at Veterans’ Memorial Park in Middletown. This statewide living-trees memorial honors our 65 fallen heroes and all veterans who have died while serving in Afghanistan or Iraq.   This quote from the memorial says it all:   "Our Fallen Heroes are no longer with us but their memory lives on in the hearts of their loved ones, our State and the Nation. Accordingly, each of our Heroes are symbolized by a living ornamental tree as a symbol of their lives given but still very much alive in our hearts.”
Update on the tragic loss of Master-at-Arms 2nd Class Mark Mayo.  "Mayo, the chief of the guard, raced to the scene as the assault unfolded. The now-armed Savage was poised to shoot the female sailor when Mayo rushed in and, placed himself between them...  Many are calling for the posthumously awarding Mayo the Navy and Marine Corps Medal, the highest non-combat heroism award."
The world has lost an amazing author. Gabriel García Márquez will be dearly missed.   "It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams."
Transitioning from the battlefield to the classroom can be tough on veterans.  That’s why I’m glad that institutions like Rutgers University are providing student veterans with the resources they need to succeed in college and earn their degree.  Here is a great trailer that shows how Veterans House at Rutgers is helping veterans navigate the new challenges they face as university students.  http://vimeo.com/91553994
If you haven’t already, please check out my op-ed on the increasing importance of recycling electronics to keep our environment mean, green and clean.
I had a blast watching the hands-on instruction at the Newark Center for Creative Learning and seeing how excited these bright young minds are to learn about government!
I LIKE this post and I thank all of the children of military parents for the strength they show and help they provide for their families every day.  
It’s absolutely ridiculous that the well over five year long process on the Keystone XL pipeline is continuing for an undetermined amount of time, as the U.S. State Department said it is again delaying the time frame. This most recent delay leaves everyone waiting in limbo – federal agencies, construction and energy workers and companies, state officials, and Canada. It hurts all of us when no decisions are made. I’ll keep pressing the Administration for a clear timeframe for the pipeline, as I did just last week with 10 other Democratic Senators. But because of this latest delay tactic by the Administration, I’ll continue to seriously consider other available options for approval. 
With 96 percent of North Dakota’s businesses considered small businesses, community banks enable small businesses to get financing to operate, help farmers get loans to support their farms, and allow families to buy homes. That’s why I’m calling on the President to nominate someone to the Federal Reserve Board who understands the lifelines community banks provide in rural areas so our voices and needs are heard.
Proud of the U.S. Naval Academy football team again awarded the Commander in Chief's Trophy at the White House today! 
Great to be back in the Klamath Basin today.   Today’s historic signing ceremony means that we can put the water wars of the past decades behind us and focus on supporting the diverse and vibrant rural economy here in the Klamath Basin. Everyone here today has proven that with hard work and goodwill, even the most controversial and longstanding challenges can be overcome. It has been an honor to stand with the Klamath stakeholders in support of their good work over the last five years and I look forward to working with Senator Wyden and my colleagues in Congress to get legislation passed to make this agreement law.
It is just a shame that in a town where we rarely agree on anything, something like the Keystone Pipeline, which has such strong bipartisan support from Democrats and Republicans, labor unions and business, is being delayed once again. Providing good paying American jobs and strengthening our energy security are reason enough to approve the Keystone Pipeline; now, when you add the fact that the State Department has already said the pipeline will not have an environmental impact, it becomes almost impossible to understand why there would be even further delays.
“When you look at the price that natural gas went up and you look at the price many people’s electric bills went up from different utilities throughout the state, the two don’t seem to match up.”
FDA's proposed rule would hurt #NYfarms & #NYBrew - donating spent grain is 'Common Sense' for @UpstateBrewing & others.
Today, Senator Schatz joined AARP Hawaii in honoring Hawaii’s caregivers, including his wife Linda Kwok Schatz, a long-time AARP supporter and volunteer.
Senator Schatz partnered with UH Sea Grant to host a day-long conference, Ascent: Building a Secure and Sustainable Water and Energy Future for Hawaii.  The conference featured local and national experts including Senator Barbara Boxer of California, Nainoa Thompson of the Polynesian Voyaging Society, and many others.  Following the conference, former U.S. Vice President Al Gore presented a public lecture to nearly 9,000 people at the UH Stan Sheriff Center.  Vice President Gore spoke about the impacts of climate change in Hawaii and around the world and the urgent need for action.
Important tour in Southern New Mexico yesterday shows why we need to upgrade the congested Columbus Port of Entry. I took General Services Administration (GSA) Administrator Dan Tangherlini, whose agency oversees the port, down South to hear from locals why the expansion is critical to economic development in Southern New Mexico. Expanding the port will be a big boost to the area’s economy, all while improving traffic, safety and flooding issues for the community. I was glad to secure funding for part of the planned expansion as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, and I’ll be working even harder to get the project over the finish line.
Tom hosts the Women's Career Success Conference to help women in New Mexico enhance their careers.
It was a great hosting our first Women's Career Success Conference in Las Cruces yesterday to help women in New Mexico enhance their careers. We had a full day of workshops and speakers, including Major General Gwen Bingham of White Sands Missile Range and U.S. Small Business Administration Regional Administrator Yolanda Garcia Olivarez, who gave some inspiring speeches. When women succeed, New Mexico succeeds, and that’s what yesterday was all about. I appreciate all who came and all those who made it a success, especially the Doña Ana County government, AAUW, WESST, the USDA Rural Development Office and the Las Cruces Small Business Development Center.
