Yesterday I visited La Clinica De La Raza in Oakland to discuss how the Affordable Care Act is already helping people across California and how Californians can continue to benefit from these reforms.
We're keeping our CrowdHall open one more week to ColoradoSource the best ideas out there for names for the new patent office. Submit your ideas here:
Maryland has a great tradition of joining the National Night Out. This is a fantastic program that brings together community members and local law enforcement to connect. The goal is to build positive relationships and open communication channels that will pay dividends throughout the year.     By turning on your porch light to make the streets a little brighter, and getting to know who else lives and works in your community, you can make a positive difference and help keep our streets and our children safe. I am proud that you represent Maryland within a growing network more than 37 million strong from all 50 states, as well as territories and military bases who are all celebrating the National Night Out.   There is more work to be done, so tell your neighbors who are not with you tonight. Talk to family and colleagues and help make every night an opportunity to come together and make every neighborhood a place worth calling home.
•	It was great to host an event at the Library of Congress which featured a tour of its exhibit commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Civil War. The event brought to DC a diverse group of Marylanders including  -civil rights leaders and representatives from Maryland historical societies, museums, tourism groups, the Maryland Humanities Council and Maryland History Day student awardees and participating teachers. Pleasure to have been joined by U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards Chris Van Hollen
Kudos to Sec Def  Chuck Hagel  for finding a way to reduce furlough days for Department of Defense (DOD) civilians from 11 to six. It’s welcome news for DOD families and the communities that support our military installations. But losing six days pay is still not acceptable. #Sequestration cuts and the resulting #furloughs are harming our national security by reducing readiness, cutting morale and distracting hardworking public servants from carrying out their vital missions. In addition, it is hurting our regional and national economies. Our civilian #defense workforce has showed great patience and patriotism in recent months, Congress owes them a sequester replacement before they are subjected to even deeper cuts in FY 14.
The Preventive Health Savings Act of 2013 (S. 1422) would allow the Chairman or Ranking Member of the House or Senate Budget Committee, or the health committees—HELP, Finance, Ways and Means, or Energy and Commerce – to  request an analysis of preventive measures extending  beyond the existing 10-year window to two additional 10-year periods. 
As summer winds down, be sure to plan your trip to the First State National Monument with this great new park brochure. Check it out!
Today’s anniversary of the Voting Rights Act is a moment to remember the courage of so many people who fought, organized and risked their lives to ensure equal access to the vote for all Americans. While we pause to mark this historic day, we must also recognize the challenges that lie ahead. The Supreme Court’s decision to gut a key section of the Voting Rights Act has unleashed a tidal wave of laws designed to keep Americans from exercising their right to vote. I’m pleased that the Senate Judiciary Committee has already held hearings on ways to restore Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act, and I’ll continue to push Congress to move in a swift and bipartisan fashion on this issue. I’ll also continue to oppose state laws, like Voter ID, that substantially impact the opportunity of residents to freely exercise their right to vote. Why would we want to make it harder for people to vote? Why should we erect barriers in front of Americans who want their voices to be heard? Today’s anniversary is a moment to redouble our efforts to protect the voting rights of millions of Americans.
The men and women who work for our nation’s military, whether they wear a uniform or not, are essential to our national security and deserve better than to be furloughed because of arbitrary spending cuts.
Senator Joe Donnelly, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, yesterday observed the Vibrant Response 13-2 Northern Command exercise at the Muscatatuck Training Center in Butlerville, Indiana. This exercise is the largest annual homeland security exercise conducted across the country.  It helps prepare the United States military, homeland security personnel, and first responders for responding to a nuclear attack in an urban area.
PHOTO: Senator Joe Donnely participates in a Homeland Security briefing with Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks and Rep. Jackie Walorski.
TODAY: Senator Donnelly took part in a breakfast at pioneer village at the Indiana State Fair.
In an ongoing effort to provide top-notch constituent service, my staff will hold Mobile Office Hours in Gallup on August 16 and in Chama on August 19. We can assist you if you are having trouble with your Social Security benefits, Medicare, immigration, veterans benefits, and other federal programs.
Pleasure to host Interior Secretary Jewell. She was able to see the rapid progress that we’ve made in North Dakota, and will bring these energy development lessons back to Washington and help drive home the message to the Administration that what we are doing here can be done at a national level.
"North Dakota really is ground zero for an all-of-the-above #energy approach,” U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell on the ground in #NorthDakota.
President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law 48 years ago, and today we still have work to do: http://www.votingrightsmatter.com/  #votingrightsmatter
Claire joined Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell, Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, and state and city officials and local partners in St. Louis to break ground on the ‘Park over the Highway’ project, the first component in the CityArchRiver 2015 plan to revitalize and improve access to the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial, home of the Gateway Arch. Photo credit: ProPhotoSTL.com
First rule to making Oregon beer, add more hops! Glad to pitch in while visiting Hopworks Brewery today in SE Portland.
Rooting for Utica's very own illusionist #LeonEtienne to make it to the next round on #AGT. Watch him @RadioCity tonight on #NBC @ 9/8c
Great to travel the state and catch up with so many NYers. Please tag yourselves and check back as new photos are posted.
Please "like" to wish Plymouth a happy 250th!
This morning Senator Shaheen spoke directly with Granite State seniors on an AARP-hosted telephone town hall. "Like" if you agree with Senator Shaheen that we have to protect our seniors who've worked hard all their lives so they can have a dignified and secure retirement.
NA
Congratulations to URI's Dr. Alan Rothman for receiving an $11.7 million grant to continue his work on dengue fever vaccines. So glad I got the opportunity to tour his lab and hear about his truly groundbreaking work today.
I am relieved to see the Pentagon has further reduced mandatory, unpaid furlough days for civilian employees, eliminating five of the 11 furlough days that were expected over the rest of this fiscal year. However, our broader budget issues still remain. I’ll continue pushing for a bipartisan agreement that cuts federal spending in a rational way, and reforms our tax code and entitlement programs in a fair way.
