Today my spirits are soaring because the Supreme Court reaffirmed the promise of America. Read my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/15FKV6n and please share your thoughts on this historic day.
We've come a long way but the march towards freedom and equality continues. Please take a moment to check out this video on the progress we have made together.  http://bit.ly/10VgCfZ
Major victory for freedom, equality and progress. The Supreme Court finds Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional! Like & share to stand with Tammy in support of this historic decision.
The Supreme Court just made history. DOMA found unconstitutional!
The Supreme Court will decide on Proposition 8 and the so-called "Defense of Marriage Act" tomorrow morning. Let's show our support for LGBT people by changing our profile pictures. Here's hoping that love, equality, and respect for all families wins the day.
Today’s Supreme Court ruling is a huge and historic victory for freedom and equality, most especially for marriage equality. Standing on the steps of the Supreme Court today as the decision came down, I was proud and overjoyed to be an American and to represent a state that helped lead the way. Connecticut law guaranteeing marriage equality will now be accorded full respect under federal law – and so will married couples regardless of who they are or whom they love. I thank all in Connecticut and the country who have stayed true to this cause, and I pledge to continue the fight so all Americans in all states have marriage equality.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhWxk4HHja0&feature=c4-overview&list=UUHH-fn3_LVt0Q4od56rOi5g
I stand with Wendy! Thank you for your courage and determination in defeating S.B. 5, a bill that would have severely limited women’s reproductive choices in Texas. Your steadfastness sets an example that one person’s voice and commitment can make a difference. As Senators, we were awestruck as we watched you stand on the Senate floor of the Texas Legislature for hours in the face of ideologically based attempts to pass legislation that would threaten women’s health. Thanks to your dedication, Texas and the rest of the country will rethink efforts to enact similar laws. We are proud to call you an ally and a friend.
Equal under the law. Out With #DOMA in with #EqualProtection. #MarriageEquality
I believe that every American should have the opportunity to fulfill their American Dream. This is only possible when the government can provide robust civil rights for all citizens. There is still much that only we in Congress can do to make sure that every American enjoys the right of equal protection under the law.
 Fifty years ago this month President Kennedy asked the nation a simple question as the fight for civil rights raged across the country,  
 “The heart of the question is whether all Americans are to be afforded equal rights and equal opportunities, whether we are going to treat our fellow Americans as we want to be treated”. 
 
 The answer then, as it is now should be a resounding yes. I hope the Supreme Court will today rule in favor of civil rights, equality and equal protection under the law.
Today, the Senate voted to approve the Hoeven-Corker amendment to the immigration bill, which some have called the "border surge." While it isn't perfect, this amendment will significantly enhance our nation's border security. I'm proud to have included two key provisions of my own in this amendment that will help to cut down on the root causes of illegal immigration. Read more about them at the link below.
The Supreme Court's decision to strike down DOMA was the right thing to do, and I believe it's another inevitable step in the right direction in the journey toward equality for all Americans.
The Supreme Court made the right decision in striking down the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) this morning.     As a U.S. Senator representing Pennsylvania, I have read many letters written to me by #LGBT Pennsylvanians and their families who want nothing more than equal rights under the law.  These letters included deeply personal statements from people across our Commonwealth and had a substantial impact on my decision to support marriage equality.    I believe the Supreme Court’s ruling on #DOMA was a critical step in strengthening equal rights for all.
Glad #SCOTUS made the right decision on #DOMA to strengthen equal rights for all.
It just got a whole lot better.
Like many Americans, I am the child of an immigrant. In 1911, 102 years ago, my grandmother came to this country with three little children. One of those children was my mother.  She was two years old. My grandmother didn’t speak a word of English, but somehow she managed to make her way to East St. Louis, Illinois, where she joined my grandfather. On my desk in my office is my mother’s naturalization certificate, which I keep as a reminder of where I’m from. I’m sure that my grandmother never imagined that one of her grandchildren would one day serve in the United States Senate. That is my story. That is the story of America.
NA
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Just introduced legislation to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act. This bill is necessary for full equality after today’s Supreme Court decision.
As author of the bill to repeal the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act, I am thrilled by today’s Supreme Court decision. Because of inequities in the administration of more than 1,100 federal laws affected by DOMA, it is still necessary to introduce legislation to strike this law once and for all. I will introduce that legislation today with 39 cosponsors in the Senate.  As a Californian, I am also thrilled by the Supreme Court’s decision on Proposition 8. Marriage equality will finally be restored in California.
The Supreme Court's rulings today mark an extraordinary moment in our fight for marriage equality. Gay and lesbian couples who accept the responsibility of marriage should have all the rights that come with that responsibility. Depriving those rights is to deprive Americans of their dignity and the promise of equal treatment guaranteed by the Constitution. These cases are a historic step forward, but we must continue our march toward full equality for all Americans.
Check out this clip where I discuss #GSEReform's impact on #NorthDakota.
Pleased #SCOTUS struck down #DOMA. This was always about individuals being treated equally. Discrimination is discrimination.
It has been a lot of fun trash talking the press, but we are all motivated to raise money and awareness to support young women diagnosed with breast cancer.
Today I joined 30 of my colleagues to thank Texas State Sen. Wendy Davis, who showed great courage & determination yesterday as she stood up for women's health. Here's the letter we sent:  Dear Senator Davis:  Thank you for your courage and determination in defeating S.B. 5, a bill that would have severely limited women’s reproductive choices in Texas. Your steadfastness sets an example that one person’s voice and commitment can make a difference. As Senators, we were awestruck as we watched you stand on the Senate floor of the Texas Legislature for hours in the face of ideologically based attempts to pass legislation that would threaten women’s health. Thanks to your dedication, Texas and the rest of the country will rethink efforts to enact similar laws. We are proud to call you an ally and a friend.
Today’s Supreme Court decisions are an enormous victory for thousands of committed couples and their families across the country and a major step toward marriage equality. In ruling the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional, the Court has affirmed the principle that every legally married couple has the same right to equal benefits and responsibilities. I stand with same-sex couples and their loved ones in applauding the decision to affirm the equal treatment of all married couples under the law.
WASHINGTON (Wednesday, June 26, 2012) –Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) hailed the Supreme Court’s decision Wednesday to overturn the Defense of Marriage Act, and he vowed to continue working to ensure the nation’s laws provide equal protection for all citizens. “Today, thousands of gay and lesbian individuals and families across the country have had their rights vindicated by the Supreme Court’s decision,” Leahy said, adding that  “I share the joy of millions of American families that they will be treated fairly by their federal government.”  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nvex13fOk9k
DOMA is gone! This is a momentous & fantastic decision made by the Supreme Court.
 
 I support marriage equality, gay rights and removing discrimination from our laws.
Congrats to the 7 Connecticut winners of the EPA Environmental Merit Award. Role models for environmental stewardship:
It has often been said that the arc of moral history bends only toward justice, and today, the Supreme Court proved this axiom to be true. The right to marry the person you love should not be denied to anyone based on their sexual orientation, because in the end, all that should matter is the love you have for the person standing on altar beside you. I have been part of this movement from the very beginning of my public service, signing up as one of the original ten cosponsors of Connecticut's civil union legislation.  Today, I get shivers looking at how far this nation has come in under two decades.  The majority of Americans now support marriage equality, and most members of the Senate, on both sides of the aisle, have pledged their support as well. I’m thrilled that the Supreme Court today ruled in favor of common sense and equality, allowing same-sex couples to take advantage of federal benefits that should have been theirs all along. Plain and simple, this is a day that makes me proud to be in public service.
If you live near Plainville, my casework staff will be at the Plainville Library from 2pm-5pm today. All are welcome to stop by.
If you live near Simsbury and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff today during mobile office hours, 9:30-12:30 at the Simsbury Public Library.
“A conservative Supreme Court today recognized what my kids, and an increasing number of Americans, already consider common sense—that the federal government shouldn’t refuse to recognize marriages that individual states have said are lawful. All Americans, gay and straight, should be allowed to fully participate in this most basic of family values, and today, our great country is another step closer to achieving that #equality under the law.” - Claire
This Supreme Court decision that the federal government must recognize all marriages is a huge stride forward for equality and fairness.  No one should be denied equal rights because of whom they love and discrimination has no place in our laws.
Tomorrow, my colleagues and I plan to introduce our bipartisan, permanent student loan solution. This agreement not only makes sure student rates will not double on July 1, but this is a long-term fix that will lower rates for all students and will save students $30 billion over the next three years, making sure anyone who wants an education, can afford one.  Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1a6384e7-5b4d-4f66-883c-aa4a11edcc77
Senator Manchin joined Senator Rockefeller and Representatives Rahall and McKinley to proudly showcase West Virginia businesses, universities, organizations and musical talent at the “Taste of West Virginia” in Washington D.C. Approximately 1,000 guests attended.
Today I was proud to join Amtrak as they announced that 25% of new hires will be veterans by 2015.
ICYMI: This morning I talked with my friends at Fox and Friends about President Obama's destructive climate change proposal. Watch it here: http://fxn.ws/138m1BP
I look forward to joining Fox and Friends around 8:15 a.m. this morning. Tune in.  ICYMI: Last night I spoke with Bret Baier on Fox News Special Report about Pres. Obama's destructive proposal. Watch it here: http://bit.ly/19BEFka
Today, the Supreme Court reaffirmed the importance of equality before the law.  This marks an important step toward better protecting married gay couples and their families and preventing discrimination against same-sex marriages in states like Rhode Island that have passed marriage equality laws.   While the Supreme Court’s decisions advance marriage equality, more work remains.  The Administration must now implement the ruling and Congress should pass clear rules to ensure the federal government properly recognizes same-sex marriages that were legally entered into.  I am working with Senator Feinstein and a number of our colleagues to update and reintroduce the Respect for Marriage Act.  So far, three Republicans have spoken up in support of this effort and I think today’s ruling will build momentum to get us to the 60 vote supermajority needed to overcome a filibuster.
Dear fellow Nevadans, I hope to see you at this immigration event on Monday.
Today is a great, historic day for equality in America. Outside the Supreme Court this morning, inspiring Americans were passionately advocating for equal treatment under the law. We took some photos to mark this important occasion.
As we enter the final stages of the Senate debate on immigration reform, I remind everyone that their involvement will be crucial to success. I will continue to do everything in my power to get immigration reform over the finish line and complete a job that for me started many years ago. But I and my colleagues in both chambers need every bit of help we can get.
The Supreme Court has struck down the Defense of Marriage Act. This is progress in the truest sense of the word. A great, historic day for equality!
"The Supreme Court’s actions this morning are a victory for the belief that all Americans are created equal. Today the court sided with freedom over discrimination and for a countless number of couples, the Court’s decision to strike down DOMA represents a historic step toward full and equal treatment under the law.    This is a particularly great moment for many children of same-sex couples, including so many who I consider to be great friends; from this day forward these children will live in a country that treats their parents as the equal citizens they are."   -JS
Thank you, Senator Wendy R. Davis for standing up for women everywhere!
Today's ruling by the Supreme Court reflects the growing progress made for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender individuals around the country. Striking down the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) is a victory for thousands of loving, committed families who have been denied equality under the law for too long and will now be rightly treated as the full and equal citizens they are. I was proud to support legislation to repeal DOMA because I believed it was indeed unconstitutional, and I am glad to see this discriminatory policy put behind us. Our Constitution enshrines the principle of equality, and our government should never permit or deny anyone's rights based on their sexual orientation. New Mexico and our country are only strengthened by diversity, and we are better today because of this ruling.
BREAKING: U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and I just introduced major legislation to protect consumers. It used to be that states could cap credit card interest rates to protect consumers from outrageous rates. A misguided court decision changed that and today too many consumers face abusive lending practices. Our bill would re-establish the right of states to protect consumers from sky-high interest rates.
Today's Supreme Court decisions are not only a landmark civil rights victory for our country, they are a meaningful step towards the equality that all same-sex couples deserve. I applaud the Supreme Court for standing on the side of equality and progress with these two decisions.
 Click LIKE to help celebrate this victory for equality.
The Supreme Court's decision today on the Voting Rights Act is a blow to our democracy. I am extremely disappointed. 
 Use the SHARE button if you agree that we need to fight to protect the rights of all voters.
ICYMI: Sen. Warner joined Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN) and colleagues from the Budget Committee yesterday to introduce bipartisan housing finance reform. MORE: http://1.usa.gov/14pNHgM  (staff)
Huge victories today, but more work to be done to ensure #MarriageEquality for all Americans. #SCOTUS
YES!!!!! #DOMA
Today’s Supreme Court decision to end DOMA’s two-tiered system of legalized discrimination is a major victory for our country’s core values of fairness and equality. We now must continue the fight so all Americans are treated equally under the law and can marry the person they love.
