Read my op-ed on why we must stay on the path to clean air:
In preparation for next week’s talks on a five-year Farm Bill extension, Tammy visited Fanning Cranberry Co. in Seneca to highlight our #MadeInWI economy and get a first hand look at what goes into harvesting Wisconsin’s largest fruit crop.  Read more here:
Mikhail  #Khodorkovsky 's been a prisoner of conscience for 10 yrs in #Russia. Selective prosecutions have no place in 2013. Read his The New York Times Op-Ed. http://goo.gl/6kU8bs
Spent the morning in #HoCo for the #StandUpHoco campaign against #bullying with Ken Ulman. 
 October is Bullying Prevention Awareness Month—an important time to bring awareness to an issue that children and adolescents are experiencing all across this country. Bullying is a huge problem in our schools and our communities.  It’s something that most Americans, of all ages, genders and races, have experienced in their lifetimes.  Just because most of us have experienced bullying does not mean we should experience it.
I am so proud of the work that the Delaware Breast Cancer Coalition and Delaware Dept. of Public Health is doing to offer preventative screenings to Delawareans, like with the mammogram van, which was parked in Georgetown today. I stopped by to say hi to the DBCC team.
This morning I visited Tail Bangers in Long Neck where they're churning out 14,000 dog treats a day, in part thanks to an SBA loan in 2010 that helped them get started. Really impressive operation!
Discussing the impact that sequester cuts have had on medical researchers' work and the impact of additional cuts.
NA
It was a pleasure to have an in-depth conversation with students at University of North Dakota School of Law today. It’s great to meet smart, talented young people, like the ones I spent time with today. As North Dakota grows, we’ll need many strong leaders like those at UND to make sure we’re moving forward, promoting public service, and creating strong communities that support our families and provide opportunities.
It’s truly inspiring to see firsthand the innovative UAS work being done at the University of North Dakota. After visiting campus today, I am even more certain that North Dakota would be a valuable UAS test site due to our available airspace and climate, as well as the great research and education being done at UND.  I have strongly explained that to key leaders in the FAA, and am confident they understand the connection in our state between the military, civilian and educational UAS sectors. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=5ac3633c-19d3-40b5-8f44-495b9d29c26a
I'm holding a Twitter town hall on Thursday, October 31 at 11:15am CT to talk with North Dakotans about why I'm fighting for a Farm Bill and why it's so important for North Dakota. Send your questions now by including your hometown and #AskHeidiH.
Thank you everyone who sent in their beautiful pictures of North Dakota for my Facebook Cover Photo Contest. Now, I'd like to get your help as I decide which photo to pick as my next cover photo. Like or comment on your favorite photo, and on November 15, I'll choose a picture with some of the most likes and comments. Spread the word to your friends, take a look at my photo album, and let me know which picture you like the best.
NA
Another tremendous effort to curb drug abuse. Putnam County now has a permanent prescription drug drop box. Read more at The Charleston Gazette: http://bit.ly/1c4CLcZ
Urging all West Virginians to participate tomorrow in Drug Take Back Day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.  Drug Take Back Day is an opportunity for all West Virginians to come together to work toward fighting against drug abuse. These events not only help combat drug abuse by providing an opportunity to safely dispose of these medications, but they spread awareness of this critical issue. Let’s continue to work together so that West Virginia and our beautiful country can have strong, drug-free communities.  To view a full list of drop-off site locations, click here. https://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/NTBI/ntbi-pub.pub?_flowExecutionKey=_cCE4126AB-EC60-8E52-8EFF-3C16AD996DF2_k43B5BBC7-B3C9-8E54-D85D-5DBDD2BB0821
The New Hampshire Food Bank doing incredibly important work for Granite Staters who are struggling to put food on the table and feed their families. 
 
 Senator Shaheen visited the New Hampshire Food Bank this morning to meet with officials to discuss fighting the serious food and hunger issues in our state. TO READ MORE CLICK HERE: http://1.usa.gov/H7jjlw
It was an honor to present Bozeman Police Officer Cory Klumb with the Purple Heart he earned during his military service in Iraq. LIKE and SHARE to join me in thanking Cory for his service and sacrifice.
Taking care of our public lands is good for businesses. 
The September storms were devastating to many communities in New Mexico, including Catron County, where I viewed flood damage yesterday. My visit to Glenwood came one day after I led our state's congressional delegation in urging the president to move quickly to ensure New Mexico gets the necessary support for cleanup and repairs. And I will continue doing everything I can to make sure the federal government responds to our needs.
Looking forward to Saturday's 2013 Virginia Women's Conference in Richmond! Check out the full agenda at the link below:
