The recent Muslim Brotherhood denunciation of legal rights for women, including inheritance rights and the right to file legal complaints against their husbands for rape, was repugnant and contrary to the leadership Egypt has traditionally shown in the advancement of human rights. We should be steadfast in our condemnation of those that attempt to justify or prevaricate over any form of violence against women.   http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/blumenthal-13-other-senators-send-letter-asking-secretary-kerry-to-urge-morsi-other-united-nations-members-to-renounce-statements-made-against-women-by-muslim-brotherhood
As we have sought all along—and as the President has urged—we will have a vote on life-saving common sense gun violence measures. I am hopeful that critical gun legislation will pass this session, including bills I have co-sponsored to crack down on illegal gun trafficking, enhance school safety, strengthen background checks and improve our mental health system. The assault weapons ban was always an uphill battle this session. As we have known all along, we face a marathon effort and not a sprint. As the cyclists of Newtown, Connecticut’s Team 26 said, we need to keep pedaling.
Here I am with a few of Newtown's heroes, the 911 Call Center staff of Newtown, Connecticut. They will be receiving an award tonight as America's top call center by their 911 colleagues and I have the distinct honor of presenting them with the award.
I'm so happy I got to spend a few minutes with Connecticut's Stars of Life, 4 emergency responders being honored tonight as some of the best in nation. You are making Connecticut very proud!
A bipartisan group of 77 senators led by Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Susan Collins (R-ME) today sent a letter to the President urging him to reaffirm his commitment to working closely with the new government of Israel, and to oppose Palestinian efforts to either circumvent direct negotiations with Israel or delegitimize Israel.  “Palestinian efforts to bypass direct negotiations with Israel by taking unilateral steps for international recognition are, in our view, unacceptable,” the letter reads.  “When you meet with Palestinian leaders, you should make clear that the pathway for peace is through unconditional direct negotiations between both the Israelis and Palestinians and that the United States vigorously opposes any Palestinian efforts to circumvent direct negotiations.”  The senators also urge the President to identify and promote policy solutions, such as Iron Dome, that address the urgent and important security challenges facing both Israel and the United States. “We also hope that you will reiterate the United States’ support for Israel, her right to defend herself, and the Iron Dome project.  In such a tumultuous region of the world, and during such challenging times, a strong relationship between our two countries has never been more important.”  Below is the full text of the letter:  Dear Mr. President:  We applaud your decision to travel to Israel so early in your second term as president.  Your upcoming trip will offer you the opportunity to meet with the leaders of Israel’s new government and to reaffirm the unshakeable bond between our two nations. In your meetings in Jerusalem and Ramallah later this month, we hope that you will reaffirm your commitment to working closely with the new government of Israel.  As you may know, in May 2011, the Senate passed S.Res.185: a resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to a negotiated two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.  The bipartisan resolution was cosponsored by 90 Senators.  Palestinian efforts to bypass direct negotiations with Israel by taking unilateral steps for international recognition are, in our view, unacceptable. When you meet with Palestinian leaders, you should make clear that the pathway for peace is through unconditional direct negotiations between both the Israelis and Palestinians and that the United States vigorously opposes any Palestinian efforts to circumvent direct negotiations.   It is important to re-emphasize that the United States will not tolerate efforts to isolate or delegitimize Israel. During your first term, you and your administration actively stood by Israel at the UN and other agencies to try to block such efforts.  It is critical that you now make clear that our relationship with Palestinians will be jeopardized by seeking action against Israel at the International Criminal Court.  We encourage you to also stress the importance of the Palestinian Authority’s close security cooperation with Israel.  If peace is to be possible, the Palestinian Authority also needs to confront the recent surge in violence on the West Bank, cease all anti-Israel incitement and renounce Hamas until it unequivocally meets the three Quartet requirements.  We believe that by espousing these principles during your historic trip, you will reaffirm the United States’ commitment to enhancing Israeli security, improving the prospect for peace with the Palestinians and furthering our own interests in this troubled region of the world.   We are strongly committed to the restart of the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians. However, we also recognize that the violence and chaos that have sprung up in Syria, North Africa, Egypt, including insecurity along the Sinai Peninsula, and Yemen are not related to the peace process.  As you pursue peace in the Middle East in the long-run, we hope that your agenda will identify policy solutions to address the urgent and important threats facing Israel and the United States today.  We also hope that you will reiterate the United States’ support for Israel, her right to defend herself, and the Iron Dome project.  In such a tumultuous region of the world, and during such challenging times, a strong relationship between our two countries has never been more important. Israel has challenging times ahead. Israel needs our unwavering commitment now more than ever.   In addition to Senators Cardin and Collins, the letter was signed by  Menendez  Corker Senator Barbara BoxerMarco Rubio Casey, Flake Shaheen Barrasso, McConnell Murphy, Chambliss, Chuck Schumerr, John Cornyn, Stabenow, Vitter, Cantwell, Kirk, Mikulski, Coats, Klobuchar,  Blunt, Whitehouse, Moran, Mark Udall, Boozman, Hagan, Grassley, Landrieu, Lee, Bennet, Cruz, Kirsten Gillibrandnd, Fischer, Manchin, Cochran, Wyden, Isakson, Blumenthal, Johanns, Tester, Burr, Heinrich, Crapo, Schatz,  Hatch, Hirono, Roberts, Franken, Murkowski, Baucus, Scott, Senator Claire McCaskillaskill, Wicker, Merkley, Heller, Begich, Portman, Donnelly, Thune, Pryor, Tim Johnson, Lautenberg, Sherrod Brown, King, Warner, Ayotte, Graham, Hoeven, Toomey, Sessions, Ron Johnson, Reed, Alexander and Rand Paul.
Today at 3pm Et we will be live streaming a Helsinki Committee hearing chaired by Senator Ben Cardin. The topic will be “The Trajectory of Democracy: Why Hungary Matters”. Witnesses include Kim Lane of Princeton University; Sylvna Habdank-Kolaczkowska of Freedom House  and  Paul Shapiro of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
Ben appeared on msnbc 's Jansing & Co. earlier today and discussed his recent Co-Del to Israel and President Obama's upcoming trip. Take a look and please share your thoughts.   http://tv.msnbc.com/2013/03/19/obamas-israeli-charm-offensive/
NA
Today we reflect on the 10-year anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq War. On this solemn occasion, I’d like to recognize the sacrifices made by the thousands of Pennsylvanians who served as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn. Of these men and women, 197 never made it home, and those that did return to their families sometimes bore the visible or invisible wounds of war.  We must never forget the sacrifice that our veterans made for our nation. I remain dedicated in supporting members of our armed forces, our veterans, and their families because they remained dedicated to our nation during times of great adversity and struggle.
The conflict in Syria has entered its third year. The United States Senate should stand with the people of Syria during this critical period– the fall of Assad is not only good for Syria, but will deal a significant blow to Iran and Hezbollah. This bill includes a combination of humanitarian assistance, non-lethal equipment and training for the armed opposition, and sanctions against elements of the regime. The killing and destruction has gone on too long and we need to renew our efforts to support the Syrian people and opposition. Read more here - http://1.usa.gov/WTFrqp
[WASHINGTON, DC] After reviewing a Government Accountability Office report completed at his request, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the United States Senate Floor about the need for more work to be done to enhance the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)'s adverse event reporting system and to ensure that consumers who use dietary supplements have the information they need to make healthy, informed decisions.
Today is National Ag Day. Read more about Joe’s priorities as member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and his hope to pass a long-term bill for the Hoosier ag community.
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
Met with Minot’s Task Force 21 to discuss ways to strengthen Minot Air Force Base
Met with officials today to discuss ways to strengthen Grand Forks Air Force Base. Warriors of the North-Grand Forks Air Force Base
North Dakota produces a substantial amount of pork. Also, did you know a pig can run a 7-minute mile?
In North Dakota, there are about 9.2 people per square mile & 25.3 head of cattle per square mile. You might have to read that twice.
Today is an important day, friends. Join me in saluting North Dakota agriculture on Ag Day 2013!
Was up bright and early with the National Small Business Association.
Thanks to representatives from Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America for coming by to meet with me today. It’s critical that we aid veterans as they make the transition to civilian life.
Happy National Agriculture Day! Thanks to the hard working farmers across Virginia that make up the Commonwealth's largest industry.
I am extremely disappointed to hear reports that Senator Feinstein's Assault Weapons Ban will not be included in the gun safety reform bill going to the Senate floor.   It was wrong to let the ban expire in 2004, and it's wrong for us to sweep it under the rug now. Military-style weapons that are designed to maximize carnage do not belong on our streets.   I hope that my colleagues will once and for all stand up to the NRA, and stand up for the American people who largely agree that we can protect 2nd Amendment Rights while also protecting our children and neighborhoods.
Had a great meeting yesterday with Irish-American community leaders in New Jersey. We touched on what progress is being made in comprehensive immigration reform, Northern Ireland and more. Thanks to the participants for a thoughtful discussion. 
 
 http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-updates-irish-american-leaders-on-comprehensive-immigration-reform
Submitted an Op-Ed to The Record about what key lessons we can learn from the Iraq war on the 10th anniversary of the invasion: http://www.northjersey.com/news/opinions/menendez_031913.html?page=all
Glad that common sense gun reform moving to Senate floor, hoping high capacity magazine ban will also be a priority 1.usa.gov/Yn3xrU
On National Agricultural Day, Claire’s recognizing Missouri’s vital agricultural industry for all they provide for our state and local economies. If you have time, remember to recognize those in your area who work to provide our communities with the safest food supply in the world.
Tomorrow marks the first day of spring and Senator Manchin and his wife Gayle would like to share one of the the Manchin family’s best spring recipes, Grandma Jacobin’s potato salad.  Follow the link to our Tumblr page for this simple recipe that is sure to be a favorite at your first spring picnic or barbecue.  http://joemanchin.tumblr.com/post/45762607724/grandma-jacobins-potato-salad
Enjoyed meeting Karl Aspelund of Barrington and Bridget Hall of North Smithfield last week in DC where they were selected to represent Rhode Island for the U.S. Senate Youth Program.
NA
My heart goes out to those who were injured and to the families of Marines who lost their lives in an explosion near the Hawthorne Army Depot in Nevada.
Senator Shaheen, along with Senator Susan Collins, Senator Kelly Ayotte and Senator Angus S. King, Jr., released the following statement today responding to reports that indicate the Defense Department plans to issue furlough notices to civilian employees, including those at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, later this week:  “These furloughs are a product of an entirely avoidable situation and it’s disappointing that Congress and the President failed to replace the automatic cuts known as ‘sequestration’ with a comprehensive plan to stabilize our debt and deficits. We need a bipartisan and long-term deficit reduction solution that will avoid the impacts of these cuts, which are already threatening jobs and families in New Hampshire and Maine, and we remain committed to working together to finding that solution.”
"Sen. Jeanne Shaheen wants to try something new in Washington, and she’s drawing inspiration from her home state..."   Click below to read today's editorial in The Keene Sentinel about Senator Shaheen's biennial budgeting proposal.
NA
Today is National Agriculture Day - a day to remember where our food comes from and the farmers and ranchers who provide it. 
 Click LIKE to join me in thanking all Montana producers who work hard to feed our state and our nation.
Today is the 40th Anniversary of National Agriculture Day! From New Mexico dairy and beef, to our pecans, peanuts, alfalfa and the world's best chile, the Ag Industry is a main driver of our economy and rural communities. That's why I'm working to reauthorize the farm bill and give our farmers and ranchers the long term support they need. We passed it with a strong bipartisan vote in the Senate last year, but the House did not act. Like this post to show your support for agriculture in New Mexico and share if you agree - we need a strong farm bill!
A little bit of Rhode Island history in honor of both St. Patrick's & St. Joseph's Days. Be sure to enjoy some zeppole today!
