Ben- Commonsense laws concerning things as powerful as guns should not be a partisan issue. In the wake of  mass shootings, and in the face of daily shootings across the U.S- it is time to say enough is enough. We can reduce the needless violence by making logical policy decisions that respect the Second Amendment while protecting human lives. President Obama should be supported in his efforts to explore how we can make the Country safer by looking at our laws, health system, culture and more.   Follow link for official press release.
I'm a strong 2nd Amendment supporter -- my family even has a type of rifle named after us -- but I also know we need to take commonsense steps to reduce gun violence. This is an issue where we may not all be of like minds, but it cannot be an excuse for inaction.
While I want to closely examine the executive and legislative proposals set forth by the President, they include some very positive and reasonable steps to address the problem.  The American people deserve a thoughtful effort to reach a comprehensive solution to address gun violence.  It is critical that this includes increased funding for local law enforcement programs like the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) Program, the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants (JAG) Program, and the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program, as well as measures to address mental health.  I continue to be a strong supporter of the Second Amendment, and believe in the right of citizens to own guns for their own protection as well as for hunting, recreation, and collection.   Nonetheless, after reflecting on the power of the weapon and the number of bullets that hit each child in Sandy Hook, the reinstatement of a ban on military-style weapons and high capacity magazines are two common-sense steps that I support.  Moving forward, my hope is that Republicans and Democrats will come together and act in response to this tragedy.  I remain optimistic that the sense of urgency we all felt after Sandy Hook will not be diminished by time or any partisan battles.
Our brave law enforcement officers are doing all they can to combat crime, but they need adequate resources to do their jobs.  Funding these law enforcement programs will put more cops on the beat and ensure that our officers have the equipment they need to keep Pennsylvanians safe.
Our nation’s heroes are at their strongest when they are equipped with the best. Earlier today, Joe arrived at Raytheon in Fort Wayne, Indiana where he toured the facility and met with the workers who produce the best equipment for our soldiers here at home and around the world. “Share” this with your friends and tell them to “Like” Joe for supporting our country's armed forces.
Making his way from Indianapolis, Joe is ready to kick off Day 3 of his “I Work For You” tour in Anderson where he’ll begin his day at Mofab Inc.
I have deep respect and admiration for President Obama and Vice President Biden for the comprehensive and commonsense gun safety reforms they outlined this morning.                   I support the president’s call to reinstate the ban on assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition magazines. He was exactly right when he said ‘weapons designed for the theater of war have no place’ in our society. I couldn’t agree more. These weapons have one purpose: to kill the most people in the shortest amount of time possible.
Read the full text of Senator Leahy's agenda speech to learn more about his priorities for the Senate Judiciary Committee in the 113th Congress.
Senator Leahy spoke at Georgetown Law Center this morning, announcing his agenda for the Senate Judiciary Committee in the 113th Congress. Among his priorities: preventing gun violence, finding a way forward on comprehensive immigration reform and passing the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.
I applaud President Obama’s bold leadership in putting forth a package of common sense gun safety measures to help reduce the scourge of gun violence. For too long, members of Congress have turned their backs on measures to prevent gun violence as the NRA turned up the heat to protect gun manufacturers.  This time must be different.  These actions are the right thing to do to protect our communities and our children and I stand ready to work with my colleagues to immediately move the President’s agenda forward.   http://www.whitehouse.gov/issues/preventing-gun-violence
After weeks of unnecessary delay, I’m pleased that the House finally passed a robust Sandy Relief bill to help New Jerseyans and all victims who are still struggling to recover and rebuild. For months I’ve been calling on Congress to give our region the resources and assistance that is so desperately needed, just as we have been there for other communities after a natural disaster. Now that they have come around, it’s time for the Senate to once again stand with New Jersey to help us recover, rebuild stronger and enable us to be better prepared for future storms. Here is a full statement from myself, Senators Lautenberg, Schumer, and Gillibrand: http://1.usa.gov/13D7xqe
Alicia Rose DiNatale, who lived in Voorhees, New Jersey, died from a rare form of cancer at the age of 17. And while cancer like the one that took Alicia from us are rare among adolescents, cancer is still the leading cause of death from disease in teenagers between 15 and 19 years of age. This is why, working with the Alicia Rose Victorious Foundation and her family, I officially designated this week as Teen Cancer Awareness Week. Share this post to join me in promoting awareness about teen cancers and the unique medical and social needs of teens with cancer. Let’s also recognize the work of the tremendous foundations that support them, including Victorious. They need our support this week and every week as they help teens with cancer who are suffering at an all too young age.
On Wednesday, January 16, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) visited the City of Crisfield on Maryland's Eastern Shore to see first-hand recovery efferts following Super-Storm Sandy. Senator Mikulski toured Main Street to view damage and meet with small business owners and residents working to recover. Following her tour, Senator Mikulski visited the Disaster Recovery Center to meet with those working to help the City recover and announce her continued support for the people of Crisfield.
Reminder: the deadline for applying for aid for Sandy damage is January 28th. Go to http://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call FEMA at 800-621-3362 to register.
These are strong recommendations, and Congress should act on them now—before another mass tragedy occurs. If assault weapons and high capacity magazines were not so readily available, I'm convinced there would be more little boys and girls alive in Newtown today. If background checks were universal, our city streets would be safer. There are no longer any excuses for inaction. If the horror of Sandy Hook doesn't move Congress to act on common sense gun laws, I have no idea what will. I’m so appreciative of the leadership of President Obama and Vice President Biden on this issue, especially their willingness to involve the Sandy Hook parents and families in this effort. Now, it’s time to get to work.
NA
I have always supported a comprehensive approach to address the horrible mass violence that has plagued our nation. In meetings with West Virginians, I have listened carefully to their ideas and consistently explained my position that we cannot take a guns-only approach. This is why I have called for a balanced Commission on Mass Violence that can build the consensus we need for real action backed not only by gun control advocates, mental health experts and entertainment industry executives but also by law-abiding gun owners who fully understand the history and heritage of firearms in America. Anyone who claims that I have said anything else or endorsed anything addressing only guns is misinformed. My door remains open.
I support common sense and practical steps to help reduce gun violence. Today’s announcement at the White House is a smart step in the right direction, but the President can’t do this all on his own. Congress needs to work on a bipartisan basis to pass common sense laws to keep our communities safe… http://go.usa.gov/42r3
NA
Today, Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar announced he will step down from his post. I could not have asked for a better partner than Ken for continuing to build a clean-energy economy in Nevada. He knows full well that our economic future depends on energy independence and middle class jobs that cannot be exported. His commitment and dedication in this very important job set a high bar. I wish him the best in the next chapter of his life and thank him for his friendship and his unwavering commitment to serving our nation.
Congratulations to John Parsons of Madbury and Allison Thompson of Nashua for their selection to represent New Hampshire in the United States Senate Youth Program. Read more below.
NA
A wonderful visit to a great firm in Concord!
Congratulations to Red Lodge High School's Garrett Carlson on being accepted to the U.S. Naval Academy.  I was proud to nominate him, and I know he will make all of Montana proud.
I am happy to invite Sara Jane Arnett, winner of the Heroes at Home Military Spouse award, to be one of my guests at the Presidential Inauguration. Sara Jane is a remarkable leader in the network of military families who do so much to strengthen communities across Virginia. All of us value Capt. Arnett’s military service as he participates in his third overseas deployment.  I am so honored to have this opportunity to salute the supportive role played by our military spouses and families here at home, and I look forward to joining Sara Jane and her son at the Inauguration ceremony.  [Photo: Sara Jane and Samuel Arnett. Credit: Flagship and Military Newspapers of Virginia]
