Ben is live on the Senate floor discussing the pending budget deal. Watch live http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
There are more than 7 million seniors in Medicare who have saved more than $9 billion on prescription drugs thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
 
 That includes nearly 17,000 Delawareans who have saved a collective $17 million!
The passing on of a loved one is a significant hardship for a family to deal with that shouldn’t be compounded by the threat of identity theft. This is a significant step forward that will protect the identities of the recently deceased and will work to ensure that their families are not preyed upon by criminals.
For the first time in four years, we are in a position to pass a budget agreement with strong bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate. The bill is not perfect and neither side is happy with everything in the agreement.  However, in a year filled with far too much partisan fighting, this compromise is an important step forward.  Programs that help create jobs in Pennsylvania such as Community Development Block Grants and NIH medical research will likely face fewer cuts under this deal. In addition, overall deficit reduction will be approximately $20 billion higher under this agreement than without it. Moreover, the bill will allow us avoid another damaging government shutdown.  I am hopeful that the measure will pass the Senate and that the spirit of bipartisanship will continue into next year. #budget
NA
Senator Joe Donnelly announced his support for the Protect Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act today, a bill that would amend the Affordable Care Act to clarify that volunteer emergency service workers are not required to be counted as full-time equivalents for the purposes of health care coverage.  “Volunteer firefighters and other first responders who donate their time to serve Hoosiers are an essential part of many Indiana communities,” said Donnelly.  “It is important that fire departments are able to distinguish between full-time, paid emergency personnel and volunteer personnel so they can keep costs low and services at full capacity.  This bipartisan bill is another common sense way that we can clarify the Affordable Care Act to better work for Hoosiers.”
Share this #GoodNews: General Motors is investing $29.2 million in its Bedford Castings plant in southern Indiana. The investment is part of a $1.3 billion package to upgrade five facilities in Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio. The investment will create or retain 1,000 jobs.
Senator Joe Donnelly released the following statement today in advance of a procedural vote to move forward with consideration of the bipartisan budget agreement.  “I will be supporting the bipartisan budget proposal because it is a middle-of-the-road approach that provides certainty for the next two years.  No one got 100% of what they wanted, but this proposal makes additional cuts to the deficit and prevents another government shutdown. This is an example of how the parties can work together, and we need more bipartisan efforts like this instead of the partisan gridlock that hurt our economy this year.”
The National Security Agency’s collection of millions of innocent Americans’ phone records is likely unlawful and has added little of value to the fight against terrorism. A federal judge’s ruling  yesterday related to that program confirms this. I'm fighting to end this kind of bulk data collection because I know we can balance our civil liberties while also protecting our nation from terrorist threats.
I met with the Assistant Treasury Secretary Timothy Massad, who has been nominated to Chair the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). I stressed that the CFTC must make sure the regulations they pursue do not impact the livelihoods of the hardworking farmers and ranchers in North Dakota. At the same time, the CFTC must also make sure that farmers and other businesses are protected from bad faith financial actors that jeopardize their ability to make plans to sell crops. I stressed the importance of striking this balance, and I’ll continue to push for strong yet workable protections. http://1.usa.gov/1kSc9i7
I was proud to join Senator Warner and Representatives Connolly, Wolf and Moran to make the case for why the Springfield VA site is the best, most cost-effective option for the relocation of FBI headquarters.
I'm honored to be named a First Focus Defender of Children this year. I will continue to be an advocate for kids of all backgrounds on all issues.
Budget deal far from perfect but that's why they call it a compromise. Glad it starts to roll back sequester.   My view here: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-statement-on-the-bipartisan-budget-act-of-2013
NA
Senator Manchin visited Andrews Air Force Base to participate in pre-deployment training work-up flights and to see first hand sequestration's impact on Marine Corps units. Marine Corp leadership discussed with Senator Manchin the impacts of sequestration and the road ahead for aviation modernization & recap.
I'm very happy and satisfied that we had 12 Republicans voted with us to proceed with the bipartisan budget agreement. I look forward to final passage of this budget sometime tomorrow to avert another dangerous and costly government shutdown in January. Gridlock has got to end and it is ending.   http://www.reid.senate.gov/blog/bipartisan-budget-deal-advances-in-the-senate#.UrC3ZfRDvzg
Today Senator Shaheen introduced the Military Retirement Restoration Act to protect military retirees from changes to cost of living adjustments (COLA) that were included in the bipartisan budget agreement the Senate is expected to clear this week. The COLA adjustments would be replaced by closing an offshore tax loophole. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/19wtmvU
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the passing of Senator Daniel K. Inouye, who served Hawai‘i in the United States Senate for nearly 50 years.  “We mark this day by remembering the extraordinary life and service of Senator Daniel K. Inouye, a great leader and a true patriot.  His courage, heroism, and humility earned him the respect and admiration of his fellow service members, his constituents, colleagues, and leaders around the world.  In this remembrance, we commit ourselves to the standards he set, to his deep compassion for all people, his love for Hawai‘i and his belief that together we can shape an ever brighter future for our state and country.” – BES
Senator Schatz voted to advance the two-year Bipartisan Budget Act, which moved forward in the Senate today with a vote of 67-33.  From Senator Schatz:  “In a divided government, the people expect responsible leaders to find ways to govern and work together.  For too long, the United States government has been lurching from crisis to manufactured crisis and using short–term stop gaps to fund the government – eroding the American people's confidence and hurting the economy.  “This two-year budget moves us beyond the reckless threats of government shutdown, and lays a clear path to end sequestration and restore the appropriations process that Hawai‘i depends on, so I will support the agreement.  Washington has to cooperate and work with President Obama to move the country and our economy forward.  While this is not the exact bill I would craft on my own, this is much-needed cooperation in a town where compromise has become a dirty word.    “This agreement rolls back the senseless sequester cuts that have unfairly hurt Hawai‘i’s middle-class families and our economy.  The irresponsible sequester slashed important programs in our state from Meals on Wheels to Head Start, and caused workers to be laid off or furloughed through no fault of their own.  The bipartisan budget agreement finally provides relief from the sequester and a path forward to get our economy on the right track.  The budget prevents a $20 billion defense cut from hitting next month, which would have disproportionately hurt Hawai‘i.  The agreement keeps 25,000 federal civilian workers in Hawai‘i from being furloughed, and it protects Social Security and Medicare benefits.  This agreement is good for Hawai‘i.”   http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/schatz-statement-on-the-budget-agreement-supporting-hawaii
This Thursday, my Montana-made Forest Jobs and Recreation Act will be voted on in a key Senate committee.  I worked with folks of all stripes to get FJRA to this point, and Thursday's vote can bring Montana one step closer to restoring the health of our forests and getting folks back to work in the woods.
Today my office will be hosting Udall Serving YoU office hours throughout Bernalillo County. If you're having problems with a federal agency, Udall Serving YoU open office hours are an opportunity to meet with my staff to discuss how my office can help. This includes help with veterans' and Social Security benefits, housing, immigration or passport issues, etc. For more click on the click below or stop by office ours in your community today!
What does the Affordable Care Act look like in RI? The closing of the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Hole. Through October 2013, 10,600 RI seniors have saved an average of $677 this year – all thanks to Obamacare. See the 2012 savings by zip code at http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/savingsmap.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, health insurance companies are now required to spend the majority of your premium on health care – and that's why 8.5 million Americans got rebates last year.
Nearly all of us will, at some point in our lives, be forced to confront the difficult choices that come with advanced illness or end-of-life situations.  These are uncomfortable discussions to have, but we need to have them.  I thank Bill Novelli of the Coalition to Transform Advanced Care, Lieutenant Governor Elizabeth Roberts, @ristatecouncilofchurches, @carenewengland, @hhcri and other RI health stakeholders for helping me get the conversation started today.
I introduced legislation today to repeal and replace the proposed $6 billion cut to military pensions included in the Bipartisan Budget Act. While the changes to military pension COLA increases may look insignificant to some, this is real money to a lot of families. Virginians have served with honor in our military for generations, and I want to assure our servicemen and women that there is ample time to undo these changes before they take effect. I remain committed to pursuing a comprehensive deficit reduction package, but we should not unfairly single out our military families.
Frank Wolf has been a true friend, and a great partner, both when I served as Virginia Governor and since I’ve joined Congress. We have worked closely together on Northern Virginia transportation issues, and partnered in consecutive sessions of Congress on bipartisan legislation that would encourage the on-shoring of jobs back to Virginia which have moved overseas in recent years.  Frank has also been a passionate advocate and reliable ally in my ongoing efforts to find common ground on issues surrounding our nation’s deficits and debt.  He is a tireless and leading advocate for religious freedom around the world. We will miss his delegation  leadership.
Today I introduced the Equal Employment for All Act, which would prohibit employers from using credit checks in hiring.  This is about basic fairness - let people compete for jobs on the merits, not on whether they already have enough money to pay all their bills.  It’s time to give more families a chance to get back into the workforce and get back on their feet. Read more about the legislation here (http://1.usa.gov/19whF8p), and watch my floor speech introducing the bill today:
