The GOP’s #Benghazi Witch Hunt – read my Huffington Post op-ed: http://huff.to/1lhBJgr 
The women of the Senate joined together to say: #BringBackOurGirls
NA
Yesterday, I told your stories of student loan debt on the Senate floor. I brought with me the names of all of those who sent me their student loan stories. From Brittany, the first in her family to attend college, to Alese, the mother of three who just wanted a promising future for her children—thousands of you have told me of your debt.   Watch my speech, and know that I am working with Senator Warren and our colleagues to pass legislation that would help current borrowers like you refinance their loans to affordable rates: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOgCgEewl_M
Would like to thank all the #MD law enforcement and first responders who helped end the barricade situation at WMAR-TV - abc2news.com.
***Tuesday May 13 2014- 3PMET***  Ben, Chairman of the Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife, will hold a hearing to discuss the impacts of #polluted stormwater runoff from #highways and other federally funded transportation infrastructure. This hearing will provide an overview of the serious threats to water quality, structural integrity and effectiveness of our infrastructure; the added cost that highway stormwater poses to these public assets that our tax dollars support; and policy solutions to address those impacts.  http://www.epw.senate.gov
As I told the American Trucking Associations and the Association of American Railroads, efficient, reliable and affordable freight is critical to almost every business sector across our economy.
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Mary Beth from Wilmington about raising the minimum wage.
WATCH: WISH-TV features Joe’s efforts to #PreventSuicide in our military, highlighting the new bill he introduced just last week—the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014.
It’s National Small Business Week. Small businesses create thousands of jobs for Hoosiers each year and build our economy from the bottom up. Learn how you can help Joe spread the word on the importance of small businesses during #SBW2014 here.
It’s National Small Business Week. Learn how you can participate below:
With tuition rising and student loan debt exploding, Congress needs to take action to give all students and graduates a fair shot.
Years of good, bipartisan work went into crafting this smart, effective energy efficiency proposal, which is widely supported and acknowledged to be a major job creator.  The American people are eager for proof that Congress has their best interests in mind and can, at the very least, come together on the issues that we all agree on. Improving our nation's energy efficiency and saving families money should be one of those issues. 
The Senate and House finally reached a bipartisan compromise on the Water Resources Development Act. While it took about a year after the Senate passed its bill, this agreement is a continuation of the work we have put in to get this incredibly important water bill done for North Dakota and the nation. Because of our efforts, the final legislation will authorize permanent flood protection for Fargo, and block the Federal government from charging us a fee to use Lake Sakakawea water. 
Today I met with Joe Johnson from the City of Fargo Police Department to thank him and all of North Dakota’s law enforcement officers for serving our communities and risking their lives to keep North Dakotans safe. As North Dakota’s former Attorney General, I understand the important work our law enforcement puts in every day to keep us safe. #NationalPoliceWeek
It is frustrating that we were prevented yesterday from voting to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, but this fight is not over. I’m continuing to work to find a path forward for this common-sense project that will help us become energy independent. Today I met with Canadian Ambassador to the U.S. Gary Doer to discuss next steps for approving the Keystone XL pipeline. The United States and Canada have a special relationship, and it is critical for us to work with our good friends to the north on an all-of-the-above energy approach. This will not only serve North Dakota well, but the entire U.S. http://1.usa.gov/SXYY8Y
Standing shoulder to shoulder with women of the Senate to say enough is enough - #BringBackOurGirls!
Glad everyone is safe at #WMAR ABC 2 News in Baltimore following today's harrowing ordeal with an armed intruder. Job well done to Baltimore’s heroic first responders who helped clear the building and apprehend the suspect while keeping everyone safe.
Looking forward to my Google hangout at 4:30pm today. Post your questions in a comment below & I'll answer them live.  Tune in here https://plus.google.com/events/cm3tj16te5sv618ccjq03af0ncc
NA
Claire greeted veterans traveling to Washington, D.C. as part of the Central Missouri Honor Flight Program, and thanked them for their brave service to the country.
Women of the Senate say strongly, #BringBackOurGirls.
Honored to meet w/ Officer Paul Meyer, Portland's very own TOP COP, who has gone above & beyond the call of duty. #PoliceWeek
Happy Small Business Week to all of the hardworking small business owners and entrepreneurs in West Virginia. I am incredibly proud to recognize your achievements and celebrate your successes. The contributions you make to our economy is essential to growth and prosperity. I join all West Virginians as we thank you for helping to fuel our economy, both locally and nationally. Special congratulations to West Virginia Small Business Owner of the Year Kenneth Allman of Hinton, owner of PracticeLink.com and MountainPlex Properties.  http://www.theet.com/news/local/sba-to-mark-national-small-business-week/article_ca5fd86c-da3f-11e3-88c2-0019bb2963f4.html
My deepest thoughts and prayers are with the families and the loved ones of the tragedy that occurred last night in Boone County. Gayle and I join all West Virginians in sending our deepest condolences to the families of the courageous miners, Eric D. Legg of Twilight and Gary P. Hensley of Chapmanville, whose lives were taken far too soon. My staff and I will do everything we can to assist the families through this difficult time.
In the past few weeks, Republicans have been backing off of Obamacare. This might be the reason:
Still time to vote for the 5 NY projects & help them win a #StateFarm Neighborhood Assist Grant to rebuild after #Sandy or prep kids for college VOTE TODAY: #SFNeighborhoodAssist  https://apps.facebook.com/sf_neighbor_assist/
Tell Congress it's time to give middle class families a #fairshot to afford college. 
Was at Hofstra today talking about a new plan in the Senate that would help give young professionals with outstanding student loan debt a fair shot by allowing them to refinance at the lower interest rates currently offered to new borrowers.
It’s National Small Business Week and programs like the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program have helped New Hampshire small businesses like Creare, Inc. grow. But don’t take it from us, see what Creare president Bob Kline-Schoder has to say. #SBW2014
Senator Shaheen honored the life and memory of Brentwood Police Officer Stephen Arkell on the Senate floor this afternoon. Arkell was tragically killed in the line of duty yesterday.   Watch her remarks here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMtLytbZg80&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA 
Saddened to hear of the tragic passing of Officer Steve Arkell this evening.  My thoughts are with his family, his loved ones, and the entire Brentwood community. -JS
The Defense Dept. is the only federal department that has not conducted a full audit of its spending.  LIKE and SHARE this post if you agree with me that DoD must do better.
Join our coalition of more than 80 Virginia interfaith leaders from almost every religious tradition as we call on world leaders to take coordinated action to return the Nigerian school girls kidnapped by Boko Haram. We’re also standing together to say it is unacceptable to distort religion in order to oppress women. Sign the petition at www.VirginiaInterfaithCenter.org
