In the new Congress, Tammy will sit on the Senate appropriations committee, where she is looking forward to giving Wisconsin a ‘strong voice.’   Of her new position, Tammy said, “I will continue to focus on investing in job training and workforce readiness; making higher education more affordable; strengthening our manufacturing economy; and growing small business start-ups by supporting innovation, science and research.”   Read more here:
News from the U.S. Army: Veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder who were discharged under "other than honorable" conditions can apply on a new webpage to have their discharge upgraded if it was due to PTSD. Visit this page to find more information: http://j.mp/1v0k80R
Eight years ago, a group of parents came to Congress, asking for help with a pressing issue—adequately saving for their children’s future.  These parents, including a gentleman named Steve Beck, knew firsthand the challenges many families face when a loved one has a disability.  Faced with a lifetime of extraordinary expenses, parents are told not to save or put assets in their child’s name.  Thanks to Steve and countless other concerned parents, we stand ready to forever change this dynamic.
Read my op-ed on the Sen. Paul Simon #Water4World Act and why it was critical for Congress to pass it this week http://ow.ly/Gc6RB
Thanks to everyone, inside and outside of Congress, who helped promote & pass #Water4World Act https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efD-N2hkH00&list=UUkbixlNCxcKAffEhe3X5-lw
Today, after two years of working to bring attention to the scourge of military suicide, Joe’s signature legislation—the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act—was signed into law by the President.    “Today, we honor the memory of a young man who was taken from us too soon.  In remembering Jacob, we seek to prevent another servicemember’s family from experiencing the tragedy of suicide.  I have worked alongside Jacob’s parents, Jeff and Barb, for two years now, and their strength continues to inspire my work.  Starting next year, every servicemember—Active Duty, Guard, or Reserve—will receive an annual mental health assessment.  Also, we will evaluate which prevention or intervention programs are working in hopes of future expansion.  I am grateful for the support of many individuals who and organizations that stood with me throughout this effort, but most of all for Jeff and Barb, who continue to share their story to help prevent future tragedies.” -Joe
Kent Hall with Honor for All, "Jacob did not die in vain." The Sexton Act requiring annual mental health assessment for all servicemembers will become law. #endsuicide
Jeff and Barb Sexton join Joe to talk about their work together to pass the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. Jeff says that Sexton Act passed on what would have been Jacob's 27th birthday.
Joe talks about progress to end scourge of military suicide with Sexton Act on verge of becoming law
My reason #7 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat:
I had great interns in my offices this fall. Thank you Naomie Germain, Carielle Bahe, J.T. Knight, and Jaclyn Page for your hard work and service to New Mexico. If you're interested in applying for an internship, please visit my website: http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/helping-you/internships
I completely agree - New Mexicans are winners when it comes to gaining more access to Valles Caldera.
My reason #8 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Where else can you argue for hours over whether the decorations are luminarias or farolitos?
Today the EPA issued a new federal decision designating coal ash as non-hazardous material, and to leaving decisions on how to enforce new standards for disposal to the states. In North Dakota, we understand the value of our resources – and we work hard to make them count. That’s why I’ve been pushing our federal agencies not to overregulate materials that we have used safely in construction projects for years – like coal ash – by making it clear that these materials are not hazardous and that the federal government trusts our states to make responsible decisions when it comes to disposing or recycling this material. I’ve been making this point to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a long time now – both before she was confirmed as administrator, and when I brought her to North Dakota last winter – and I’m glad to see that her agency took our state’s needs to heart. As we continue to look at the details of these new standards to fully understand how they will impact North Dakota, I’ll keep seeking input from our utilities, construction industry, and environmental representatives throughout our state to make sure we provide as much certainty for them as possible, while maintaining the proper safeguards to make sure coal ash is managed in a safe and responsible way.
Teddy Roosevelt often said, “Had it not been for the time I spent in North Dakota, and what I learned from my experiences there, I might never have become President.” Since I also love North Dakota, I let Teddy-bear Roosevelt takeover my Instagram today while he visits Capitol Hill. Follow me on Instagram to keep up with Teddy-bear Roosevelt’s adventures in our nation’s Capital.
Proud of my talented and hardworking former intern and now caseworker in my Dickinson office, Sarah Jennings, who is graduating from Dickinson State University today. She’s interned in both my Dickinson and Washington, D.C. offices and I’m so happy she will continue to be a part of our team. Tune in at 2pm MST/ 3pm CT to watch her commencement address at the Dickinson State  University graduation – a well-deserved honor.  http://bit.ly/1DRDqzX
Today, the President signed my bipartisan battlefield protection bill into law. This is important for the Commonwealth because Virginia is home to battlefields on which American soldiers gave their last full measure of devotion to bring about the nation we know today. Passage of this legislation helps preserve that land, allowing future generations to visit and reflect on our history. While it would be worth passing this legislation on that basis alone, battlefield preservation also helps drive local economies in small towns and helps preserve the rural character of fast-growing communities in our Commonwealth. I applaud my colleague Senator Cochran and our House partners Congressmen Wittman and Holt for the bipartisan cooperation that led to passage of this bill.
Today we have forged a new way forward for veterans that changes the lawbooks to provide certainty in the federal checkbooks for the benefits veterans have earned and deserve. This means that beginning next year, veterans will receive their benefits regardless of shutdowns, slamdowns and gridlock in Congress. Veterans and their families should not have to question whether they will get their benefits if the government cannot work together to get the job done. This change in law will better ensure that promises made to veterans are promises kept.
Had a great time yesterday visiting three Greenwich nonprofits - Boys & Girls Club of Greenwich, Family Centers and Kids in Crisis. The work that they do and the resources they provide for local kids are tremendous. I look forward to continuing to advocate for organizations like these in Washington and support additional federal funding for programs that serve our young people.
"So much fun to be part of an amazing group. Asked by The Colbert Report to sing him off his last show. Gonna miss that jerk." - Claire
The Wall Street Casino is alive and well. Last week it was Congress granting the big banks the right to keep trading on banned risky derivatives with government backing. This week it is the Fed granting big banks two more years to make big bets through direct ownership of private equity and hedge funds.    It all amounts to the same thing – spineless accommodation of the big banks’ desire to run taxpayer-subsidized hedge funds. This is wrong for taxpayers and it is wrong for the stability of our banking system.
Today, I am wrapping up my 2014 statewide outreach tour in Webster County. It was a privilege to visit all fifty-five counties this year and engage with so many wonderful residents who want to address our challenges and discuss ways to make our state and our nation a better place. To see where I've been in your area and around West Virginia this year, click here:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/around-west-virginia-with-senator-manchin
NA
“The Capital Region Food Program and its volunteers do incredible work for families in the area. Their Holiday Food Basket Project makes a real difference for thousands of families during the holiday season. Thank you to the nearly one thousand volunteers who make this effort possible.”   -JS
Welcome policy change from The United States Department of Justice to protect those who suffer workplace discrimination based on gender identity. Today’s announcement is an important step toward ending workplace discrimination.  -JS
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of Pease Development Authority Executive Committee Chairman Art Nickless:  “I had the pleasure of working with Art since I appointed him to the Pease Development Authority when I was governor and am saddened to learn of his passing. Art was a dedicated public servant who advocated tirelessly for the Seacoast. His passing is a true loss for the region and state. My thoughts are with his family and friends.”
Spread the message. #KeepItPublic
New Mexico's new VA Health Care System Director, Andy Welch, started in Albuquerque this week, and I had a very productive meeting with him yesterday. I especially appreciate Andy's interest in helping ensure New Mexico's rural veterans get the services and care they've earned, and I look forward to partnering with him and his staff on behalf of all veterans in New Mexico.
There's a December 23rd deadline for Rhode Islanders to get health coverage beginning in the new year. Learn more and #GetCovered at HealthSourceRI.com!
Less than a week after Wall Street slipped a bailout provision written by Citigroup into the government spending bill, the Fed has given the big banks another victory. Delaying the Volcker Rule is one more giveaway that lets Wall Street have more time to make risky bets using taxpayer-backed money. This is a nice favor for the lobbyists working to slow down the implementation of Dodd-Frank and chip away at critical financial reforms, but it's a bad deal for middle class families and our economy.
