#TBT from September 2008: giving the thumbs up in the Bridgewater tractor parade.
I received many messages this morning from people traveling on Metro-North via the Walk Bridge in Norwalk: I heard your concerns and I’m working to address them. The failure of the Walk Bridge in Norwalk this morning further underscores the urgent need for immediate investment in our aging rail infrastructure. I support the Connecticut DOT’s effort to secure federal Sandy Resiliency Project funds to repair this 117-year old bridge and other critical, dated infrastructure along the New Haven Metro-North line.    I will do everything I can to support this application, and to urge the Federal Transit Administration to expedite its decision and funding ahead of its stated fall deadline. Connecticut commuters simply cannot wait for safe, reliable rail service. -RB
Today would be JFK’s 97th birthday. Since 2009 I have had the honor of occupying his former Senate office. #TBT
Worked with Senator Isakson and 43 colleagues to encourage a prompt coverage decision on lung cancer screenings for seniors on Medicare.
I have a mountain of respect for what General Shinseki has done in service to our country, but our nation's veterans deserve nothing less than the very best service our nation has to offer. Tragically, that has not always been the case. Over the years I've met and known many people, particularly in the New Mexico VA system; doctors, nurses, physical therapists and others, who work tirelessly and effectively on behalf of the men and women who have served this country. But even one veteran slipping through the cracks anywhere in the nation is one too many. I call on President Obama to appoint a new Secretary who will provide the leadership and management that our nation's veterans need and deserve.  
As I have said all along, we need to invest in our Intercontinental Ballistic Missile mission and support the incredible servicemembers who help keep our country safe. Air Force Secretary James recommending the Secretary of Defense elevate the Global Strike Command commander to a four-star general, from the current three-star rank is a step in the right direction and it reinforces the importance of our ICBMs. When I visited the Minot Air Force Base this week, I listened to not just senior leaders there, but also junior officers and enlisted personnel. They are some of our best and brightest, and I will continue working to make sure they have the resources and support they need to do their jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1k962tf
Today I toured Watford City and met with Watford City and McKenzie County officials to discuss challenges the city and county face, including the recent tornado that ripped through the area earlier this week. We talked about how all of North Dakota’s communities need to have emergency response plans in place to meet their current needs and incorporate warning and shelter plans for those living in temporary housing, so all residents are notified of disasters in a quick, coordinated way. http://1.usa.gov/1hhokcC
Today I toured Sakakawea Medical Center in Hazen and Coal Country Community Health Center in Beulah to talk about how they are adapting to the changing dynamics of a growing population while still maintaining quality care. While I was in Beulah, I stopped by the Knife River Care Center to say hello to folks.
The Veterans Affairs Inspector General’s report is outright disturbing and we should all be offended by the way the VA health care system has treated many of our veterans. First and foremost, I want to make sure we get to the heart of the problem by finding out what happened at the Arizona VA hospital – and at others around the country – put a plan in place to fix it so these issues don’t ever happen again, and hold those responsible accountable. I’m also reaching out to the VA directly to find out how this specific problem wasn’t addressed when it first came to the attention of VA leadership back in 2010. Such a lack of action and oversight for four years is deeply concerning and shows that we are failing our veterans.  That’s just unacceptable.    The many health care workers at our VA hospitals provide valuable services for our veterans, but because of the actions of a few, many veterans have waited far too long for benefits, health care, and other support. Those who fought for our country deserve the best of the best and it’s past time we give them a system that offers them such care. We need to see real action right now.
Calling for action on college affordability with State Reps McGee, Flexer, Willis and Senator Blumenthal. College costs and student loan debt must be lowered to give young people a fair shot and the economic mobility they deserve.
Honored to join Fairfield students who have chosen to serve in the military. Thank you for your service and bravery
There is no question that what the Inspector General’s report found is reprehensible and unacceptable. But the problems with the VA are systemic and deep-seated, and must not be tolerated.   To restore veterans’ trust in the reliability of VA health care, we must take action to address the root causes of these problems. Millions of American service members are coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan and entering the VA system, and that system needs more resources to provide them the best care.   When the Senate returns, the Veterans Affairs Committee will immediately work on the appropriate legislation to address these deeply rooted problems.
Ron Spears and Antonio Alcalá developed this beautiful #NVStatehoodStamp in honor of Nevada’s sesquicentennial. #NV150 (photo via USPS-Nevada)
Are you following @SenSchumer on Twitter?
Today I helped collect signatures for the Healthy Montana Initiative which expands Medicaid to 70,000 uninsured Montanans. No one should be forced to go without health coverage.
One case of domestic violence is too many. Meeting with providers and survivors in Bozeman to discuss the Violence Against Women Act. We must support folks on the ground who do the important work of helping survivors of domestic and sexual violence.
Independent investigators at the VA are now confirming what I have been saying for weeks: that the problems at the VA are systemic and rooted in a culture that has rewarded cover-ups and cheating to the point of risking the health of our veterans. What I have heard from New Mexico veterans and read in the OIG report is a betrayal of the heroes who fought for our freedom. Today I’m submitting my first report to the OIG based on what I have heard from veterans who have contacted my office, and I'm also calling for Secretary Shinseki to step down to make way for new leadership that can restore accountability and transparency and ensure veterans in New Mexico and nationwide get the care they have earned.
General Shinseki has served our country with distinction. I now believe he should step aside in order to allow our focus and our efforts to be on making the critically needed changes to fix the VA.   No one has pushed the VA harder than me: we pressed them to broaden PTSD services for female veterans. We pushed them on the claims backlog. It took us more than a year to get the VA to adopt the William & Mary law school’s pro bono model, which helps veterans with some of the toughest disability claims.  That Virginia model is now being expanded to 15 other law schools across the country.   It is important that we provide Virginia's veterans with the services they have earned - and which we as a nation have committed to provide.
Great to be back in Southwest Virginia today! Had the opportunity to talk with 450 community leaders at the 2014 #why2020summit.
