Today we celebrated the fifth anniversary of the founding of Interval House CT's Men Make a Difference, Men Against Domestic Violence group. I helped found this group to educate young men and boys about the realities of domestic violence, and to teach the value of healthy relationships. The group, originally 19 men, has grown to more than 30 and is made up of Connecticut officials, educators, college coaches, business leaders and television and radio personalities.  Since 1977, Interval House has helped more than 200,000 victims of domestic violence. It operates a 24-hour hotline, 20-bed emergency shelter and provides counseling and advocacy for victims in the criminal and civil court system.   Share this. #dvam
U.S. Rep. Donna F. Edwards and I recently met with small business leaders in Anne Arundel County to discuss ways to boost regional growth in the global marketplace. Congresswoman Edwards clearly understands that the half-million small businesses in Maryland are the backbone of our economy. Thanks to the West County Chamber of Commerce’s Claire Louder and all participants for their candor and hard work. #smallbiz
As a 23-year veteran of the U.S. Navy, I am proud to recognize Navy Day and the dedicated men and women who serve to protect our country.
"This is something that is going to have a very positive impact on our kids here in Delaware."
"This is the beginning of a decade of success for the Gary Chicago International Airport." –Joe joining Congressman Pete Visclosky and Gary Mayor Karen-Freeman Wilson to tout the significant progress toward the completion of expanding the Gary Airport runway this morning.
Senator Donnelly’s Indianapolis office is continuing to experience technical difficulties with its phone system. If you need assistance, please call the Senator’s Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-4814. Thank you.
Attention student loan borrowers: The Obama administration is considering expanding eligibility for the “Pay as You Earn” program, which caps student loan payments at 10 percent of your monthly income. Under the administration’s proposal, borrowers who took out loans before 2007 or stopped borrowing before October 2011, would be eligible for income-based repayment. If you have student loan debt and believe you would be affected by the proposal, you can share your thoughts with the Department of Education. Share your comments by November 4, 2014, by clicking the link below.  Submitting comments as federal agencies consider new policies is a great way to ensure your voice is heard.
If you missed it, yesterday I talked about the recent lone-wolf attacks with Candy Crowley on CNN State of the Union. Watch here:
America’s forests, wildlife refuges and conservation lands are part of the fabric of our democracy. Let’s keep them that way.
Standing Rock Indian Reservation’s Cannon Ball Elementary School was selected by Apple as one of the White House’s ConnectED schools, a federal program that partners with companies to increase high-speed Internet access and educational technology in classrooms across America. Now, each Cannon Ball Elementary School student will receive an iPad, each teacher will receive an iPad and a Mac, and every classroom will get Apple TV, as well as Apple Care for every product. When I talked with President Obama during his trip to Standing Rock in June, I stressed the immediate needs of our Native students at Cannon Ball Elementary. These resources will empower our Native students, enabling them to create, compete, and grow on a national level. I’ll continue fighting for programs like these that work from the ground up to help our Native students succeed.
I have always said, if you want to help a veteran, hire a veteran – and do business with the folks who hire veterans. I am proud that the leaders at Textron, Verizon Communications Inc. and Teach for America have made the decision to join our "I Hire Veterans" initiative, and I look forward to working with them, my colleagues in Congress and the organizations and companies across America who have committed to helping reduce our veterans’ high unemployment rate.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7171adbe-047e-4948-a770-36e5d46604a3
Please make sure to vote
NA
