There's no reason military sexual assault victims should be given less respect or fewer rights than civilian sexual assault victims. The key to deterring crime is prosecuting and punishing it effectively, which requires crime reporting by victims. Victims denied rights and respect won't report sexual assaults or any other serious crimes. If sexual assault isn’t reported it can’t be prosecuted or deterred. I'm introducing The Military Crime Victims’ Rights Act of 2013 in response to documented injustices related to cases of sexual assault in the military.   I'm speaking LIVE on the Senate Floor on it NOW. Watch live: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
We're the best state with the best cuisine! Take a second to vote for Maryland crab-cakes in  CQ Roll Call's Taste of America. Voting for Round 3 ends May 24th at 12:00 P.M.  Maryland
Today I had the privilege of meeting members of the Christiana High School Navy JROTC program when they came to visit my office in Washington, D.C. As a former ROTC Midshipman, I can attest that the JROTC program helps to build leadership skills that can be used for a lifetime. This is a great way young people can build character and learn about a career in our armed services.
The Judiciary Committee passed bipartisan immigration reform this week — a bill made stronger by eight amendments introduced by Senator Coons.
Share this post. VIDEO: “I look forward to working with our colleagues in the House on a farm bill that we can get signed into law. No one is going to get 100 percent of what they want, but it is 100 percent necessary to get this farm bill done.” – Senator Joe Donnelly
This afternoon, Joe and his wife, Jill, joined other Members of Congress and Vice President Joe Biden in honoring former University of Notre Dame President Fr. Ted Hesburgh on his 96th birthday.
Honored for my work on behalf of sportsmen.  W/advocates Shawn Michaels, Ryan Benson & Keith Mark.
NA
Questioning Administration about health care in rural America and Indian Country now.
More than 400 years after the founding of the first American colony in Jamestown, we owe it to Virginia’s Indian tribes to see that their rightful status is recognized at the federal level and in the history of our nation. For too long they’ve paid the price for the careless practices and policies of others. Today, I’m proud to join the Virginia Delegation to seek the recognition of 6 Virginia Native American tribes in the U.S. Senate.
As we enter one of the biggest weekends of the year in terms of fuel use, let’s think about having an oil conservation revolution.  
 
 While it is good news the U.S. is producing more oil, we shouldn’t lose sight of the fact that we need to use less. The opportunity is huge if we all conserve.  Let’s invest in efficiency, public transportation and alternative fuel vehicles, and each make a commitment to focus on conservation. Read my full op-ed here: http://bit.ly/12uQLr3
Just introduced a new bill (S. 1025) with Senator Blumenthal & Congresswoman Esty to authorize federal funds to help reconstruction of a new Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Yesterday I spoke on the Senate floor about my SNAP challenge as we debate the Farm Bill, and how cuts to SNAP would be an absolute disaster. I've been learning firsthand this week about the struggles SNAP recipients face. The truth of the food stamp program is this: it barely provides enough to keep the hunger pangs away for half the day, and the vast majority of people who use the program only need it temporarily. I'm only doing this challenge for one week, and it's hard to imagine how someone eats on this little money all the time. I'll keep fighting damaging cuts to SNAP http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5eGIAASGFs
Saved enough today to afford a bowl of pasta for dinner. It was, in a word, spectaculous. #foodstampchallenge
Today, Claire introduced bipartisan, bicameral legislation with Senator Susan Collins and Representatives  Mike Turner and Congresswoman Niki Tsongas to combat military sexual assault saying, “we need to march forward unified with important reforms that will protect and support the victims.”
Proud to work with my good friend Senator John Hoeven on improving energy efficiency.   http://1.usa.gov/14D4f6k
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 28 - Summers County   Fact: The legend of John Henry was born at the Big Bend tunnel near Talcott.  Recommendation: Fishing opportunities await you on the New, Bluestone and Greenbrier rivers.
“We have a responsibility to take care of our veterans and the VA isn’t currently doing enough. The claims backlog is unacceptable and we still have too many veterans out on the streets. Some of our nation’s law schools are greatly reducing processing times for the most difficult benefits claims and expanding access to legal services, both of which are key to preventing homelessness. This bill would authorize the VA to work more closely with these programs and lower barriers for additional schools to develop their own. Our goal is to have a veterans legal clinic in each state.” - JS
"Very excited to visit Pease Air National Guard Base tomorrow with Governor Maggie Hassan to congratulate members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing for Pease's selection to receive the new, next generation KC-46A tanker. The selection is a terrific recognition of the exceptional work carried out by New Hampshire's National Guard." - JS
ICYMI: Today, Senator Brian Schatz introduced legislation to build a National American Veterans' Memorial on the National Mall.    “Every Memorial Day we honor the men and women who have served our country in the armed forces, and today’s legislation would allow for construction of a memorial on the National Mall so that people from across the country can honor the extraordinary contributions and sacrifices of our Native American veterans,” said Senator Brian Schatz.
Sen. Schatz voted today to arm states like Hawaii with the right to label foods that contain genetically engineer ingredients.    Schatz said, “I support this amendment because it would give consumers in smaller states like Hawaii the ability to access critical information about the food they are putting on their table.  I have and will continue to support initiatives that give consumers the tools they need to make these important decisions.”
Chairing my first hearing of the subcommittee on government efficiency, I pushed the VA to hire more staff so they can provide better health care in rural America. http://1.usa.gov/122ivZ4
In yesterday's Budget Committee hearing, I questioned an economist about the consequences of a tax code with so many loopholes that it allows a company like Carnival Cruise Lines to pay a tax rate of less than 1%, while a good RI company like CVS pays the full 35% corporate tax rate.   His response: "There is a huge reward right now for engaging in a lot of these (tax) avoidance schemes."   Click Like & Share if you agree that it's time to close tax loopholes and end the rewards for corporate tax avoidance.
This is an issue of fairness. The Chickahominy, Eastern Chickahominy, Monacan, Nansemond, Rappahannock and Upper Mattaponi tribes of Virginia deserved to receive federal recognition long ago, and this legislation is necessary to make that happen.
Use #TalkHigherEd to join Senator Ron Wyden and I for a Twitter town hall TODAY at 4:30pm on the Student Right to Know Before You Go Act - our bipartisan legislation to help students make better informed higher ed decisions.
