Good news for #ChesBay boaters, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is making PDF nautical maps free to the public. Good move, hopefully this makes it a little easier for people all over to enjoy the The Chesapeake Bay
Near the site of the Allentown pipeline explosion, I'm calling for additional funding for safety measures. The tragic explosion of 2011 underscores the need to improve safety. http://1.usa.gov/1h6muHP
This morning during a visit to the EMA, I called for additional funding for life-saving river gauges that help communities forecast flooding. http://1.usa.gov/1jRzTnF
NA
Share this #GoodNews: Three Indiana business have had a presence in the Sochi Winter Olympics. Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. and Panther Racing Inc. from Indianapolis and Skates U.S. of Richmond have each played a role in the games.
California’s Metrolink is the first commuter rail system in the United States to use lifesaving positive train control (PTC) technology.
NA
Starting the day off at the The Range Café with Sandoval County mayors. Huevos rancheros with red chile, please!
Touring Admiral Beverage Corp earlier today. In addition to the Albuquerque warehouse, the New Mexico division has branches in Farmington, Las Cruces, Roswell and Santa Fe with a total of 365 employees statewide.
I regularly meet with North Dakotans and travel across the state to hear from North Dakotans in all walks of life. I take the comments and concerns I hear back to Washington, D.C. where they impact the work I’m doing to stand up for North Dakota. Check out my website for a look into a few days in my shoes traveling around North Dakota in January 2014. During a recent trip, I traveled from Hillsboro, drove to Grand Forks, made my way north to Devils Lake and Minot, and then headed out west to Williston and Dickinson. 
Today the U.S. Department of Transportation and Association of American Railroads made an agreement to improve rail safety and take common sense precautions, which I called for. The increase in the number of track inspections is an important development, one that I have spent a lot of time pushing industry and the Federal government to agree to. With the increased attention in this agreement, it will help improve first responder training for communities along the rails. This agreement is a needed first step, but I’ll continue to make sure we seek to understand what caused recent derailments, and determine what needs to be done to limit the likelihood that they will happen in the future. 
ICYMI: Check out my interview with C-SPAN about my family, what it’s like to represent the great state of North Dakota in the Senate, and much more. Watch the full interview here:
Congratulations to Joanna Larson from Sheyenne and Heidi Deplazes from Fargo for being named North Dakota’s top youth volunteers for 2014 by the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Joanna and Heidi are examples of true community leaders and they deserve to be recognized for making a real difference in their communities. I hope many other North Dakota students will follow the examples Joanna and Heidi set. 
Called on the U.S. Department of Defense to follow federal law and halt any move to conduct an environmental study of the intercontinental ballistic missile silos at Minot Air Force Base and nationwide, which could potentially lead to the removal of the missiles and closure of the silos. Keeping these silos up and running is in the best interest of Minot, North Dakota, and America. 
Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) was joined by Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (Metro) General Manager Richard Sarles and Metro Transit Police Chief Ron Pavlik to announce new legislative reforms that would deter cell phone theft and help put the safety and security of personal information stored on mobile devices back in the hands of consumers.
The safety and security of Marylanders is a number one priority for me. That's why I'm fighting to bring important reforms and relief to those who have been victims of cell phone theft and fraud.   Our cell phones play an essential role in our day to day lives – from connecting us to family and friends to paying our credit card bills and accessing our bank accounts. As essential as they are to us, they are prime targets for thieves. I've cosponsored legislation that will help put consumers in control of their cell phone data. Victims of 'snatch crime' cell phone theft should be able to fight back so they aren't victimized again through data and identity theft. And thieves should know that whenever they steal a cell phone, they won't be able to use it or sell it. 
Good luck to CT's Max Pacioretty, Jonathan Quick, Kevin Shattenkirk and all of Team USA hockey today! #usa
We'll vote again soon on extending emergency unemployment insurance. Last time, we failed by just one Republican vote. This is important -- extending UI will help our economy and reduce poverty. We must keep pushing.
Rochesterian Frederick Douglass' statue is featured prominently in the Capitol's celebration of #BlackHistoryMonth
Senator Shaheen visited Bartlett Farm Dairy in Concord earlier today to discuss her provisions in the 2014 bipartisan Farm Bill that will protect small dairy farms and the jobs they support. The bill includes a new dairy program with a restructured safety net that takes into account the price of milk and the cost of feeding livestock and includes significantly lower premiums for small dairy farms. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/MJ8lpz
Meeting Montanans from Miles City to Wolf Point this week during my tour across eastern Montana with Senator Walsh.
Rhode Islanders already see the effects of climate change through coastal erosion, higher risk from storm surge, and shifting seasons and fisheries. Today, Governor Lincoln Chafee signed an executive order creating the Rhode Island Executive Climate Change Council — to help the people of the Ocean State adapt to climate change and develop strategies to combat the carbon pollution that's causing it. I applaud the Governor for his leadership on this crucial issue.
A lot of us have worked hard for many years to keep this vitally important project on track. Rail to Dulles is one of the nation’s most significant infrastructure projects, and this project is key to the future economic growth and expanded economic opportunity for Northern Virginia. I especially want to salute the efforts of retiring Congressmen Wolf and Moran, who have been true leaders in advancing this project for decades. Today’s development represents a significant step forward, and I am pleased that this federal support will allow us to continue moving forward with the project and buy-down tolls for commuters.
