My open letter to San Diego Mayor Bob Filner: http://1.usa.gov/16A8Lme
#WI ports deserve the same treatment as coastal ports. Tammy tours port of Green Bay and calls for increased dredging:
Great news. Forbes named 5 great Colorado towns in their list of the best places for businesses and careers. Denver (No. 6); Fort Collins, (No. 7); Boulder, (No. 26); Colorado Springs, (No. 44); and Greeley, (No. 51). The rankings are based on 12 factors such as cost of doing business, cost of living, wage growth, quality of life, and the education level of the labor force.
NA
Have you RSVP’d to Senator Donnelly’s “Job Seekers” seminars in Gary, Sellersburg, and Indianapolis? To join the workshops and to receive more information on these events, click here.
Have you RSVP’d to Senator Donnelly’s “Senior Wise” seminars in Fort Wayne and Lafayette? To join the seminars and to receive more information on these events, click here.
In case you missed it: Former Senator Richard Lugar to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Fifteen other recipients, including Oprah Winfrey and former President Bill Clinton, will also receive this country’s highest honor for a U.S. civilian.
Congratulated Blaine Schulz from Jamestown on his silver medal at the 2013 Special Olympic Winter Games and presented him with an American flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitol. It was an honor to meet him. Blaine made our state and country proud.
Proud to support North Dakota's newest #ethanol plant, Dakota Spirit AgEnergy in Spiritwood, #NorthDakota.
Glad to accept petitions from 6000 Virginians who share my commitment to promoting early childhood education and I look forward to sharing them with my colleagues. I was proud to expand Virginia’s pre-k program by 40% as governor and I voted to eliminate the Head Start cuts taking place because of the sequester. It’s critical that we continue to battle for expanded early childhood programs.
"The new Memorial Bridge’s opening is great news for New Hampshire and Maine.As the commercial artery between our states, the bridge is critical to the Shipyard, its employees and Seacoast businesses. I am thrilled that we’ve successfully replaced this link between our states with a new, safe bridge for vehicular and pedestrian traffic, and I’m proud to have been a part of the bipartisan effort that made today’s opening a reality.” - Senator Shaheen
Senator Schatz was one of three Senators that joined President Obama in the Oval Office for the signing of a bill that will lower student loan interest rates.  Sen. Schatz worked with President Obama to solve a big problem- reversing an increase in student loan rates that threatened students and Hawaii's middle-class and working families.
Today, I had the opportunity to discuss the Harkin-Schatz Social Security bill that will expand the program. The last thing we should do is cut social security benefits.  We ought to be enhancing and expanding the program, rather than undermining it.
Phone calls are 13 times more likely to get dropped in rural America than in the rest of the country, hurting our small businesses and our families. LIKE this post to join me in calling on phone companies to provide better service to rural communities across the Big Sky State.
I enjoyed the conversation at my community dinner in Pawtucket last night, where I got the chance to hear from local residents and answer their questions. These dialogues are invaluable, and I thank everyone who came out and contributed to such a thoughtful discussion.
Good luck to Tuckahoe American Little League All-Stars team. They've advanced to the Southeastern regional championship and will be playing tonight on ESPN at 7pm! 
As governor, I was proud to work with local and regional leaders to identify the need and prepare the launch of the New College Institute. I congratulate the NCI leadership for pursuing this grant as part of NCI’s growth. NCI  is a key component of Martinsville and Henry County’s economic development strategy, and I am eager to do everything I can to continue to move this project forward.
Very proud of the work my staff does on behalf of the Commonwealth. To see our schedule of "Warner on Your Corner" meetings, visit: www.warner.senate.gov.
