This week, the Supreme Court is hearing two historic cases that could move marriage equality forward in America. Tammy supports fairness, equal opportunity and freedom for all Americans -- 'Like' & share if you agree!
Small businesses support the bipartisan Group of Eight's framework to fix our broken immigration system.
NA
Let's go Blue Hens!
And more good news for Hoosier workers. The Standard Register Company, a printing firm located in Shelbyville, released plans to build a new facility in Jeffersonville and add 360 new jobs to the community by 2016. Share this post with your friends, and let’s continue to support good economic news in Indiana.
There’s more good news to share. Celadon Group, an Indianapolis trucking company, announced plans to build a 61,000 sq. ft. driver’s school, adding up to 182 jobs by 2016. “Like” this post if you are for more Hoosier jobs.
Like many North Dakota communities, Bismarck is experiencing unique housing issues.
Chatting w/ North Dakota women who work with VAWA everyday
Will address the North Dakota Legislators today. Senate at 1:15 CT and House at 2 CT. Watch on Dakota Media Access
Interview about leadership opportunities for women before Leading Ladies Luncheon in Bismarck
How wonderful it is to be back home. Out of Washington, in North Dakota.
Just got off a call with Families USA, who today released new data on how New Jerseyans are benefiting from the new health care law. Their reports shows that soon, around 610,000 low and middle-income New Jerseyans will qualify for new tax credits, which will help them better afford private coverage. And the more people who can afford coverage and enter the health care marketplace, the lower the cost of premiums will be. This is a win-win. People with insurance pay a $1,000 hidden tax every year to cover the cost of uncompensated care. So, the Affordable Care Act will help eliminate that tax, while ensuring that our New Jersey families have greater access to quality and affordable health care. I thank Families USA for providing us with a valuable and trustworthy analysis of health care policy. The full report released today is here: http://familiesusa.org/help-is-at-hand/new-jersey/
NA
Held a roundtable discussion on gun violence prevention in Providence today with Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Congressman Jim Langevin, Congressman David Cicilline, Mayors Angel Taveras, Charles Lombardi, and James Diossa, and others. The U.S. Senate will soon begin debating comprehensive gun control legislation that includes provisions to expand background checks for all gun purchases, toughen penalties for gun trafficking, and a federal grant program for school safety.
Today in Nevada, I was proud to announce that Boulder City Hospital will complete a major multi-million dollar renovation and expansion. The project will not only create much-needed jobs but also administer high-level care for rural Nevadans.
Was In Phoenix yesterday with Senator John McCain for immigration briefings, a visit to the border and Passover. Thank you for the matzah!
Enjoyed my stop in Columbia Falls this week
Briefing at BLM-Carlsbad to hear how the field office is balancing energy development and conservation on our public lands and sustaining the growth of oil, gas and potash development in Southeastern New Mexico.
Meeting at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) in Artesia to discuss border security, training and enforcement issues with FLETC officials and agency representatives.
I really enjoyed meeting with the startup companies in Betaspring's latest accelerator class. Betaspring's work to boost American entrepreneurship shows that Rhode Island, birthplace of America's Industrial Revolution, can and will continue to be a leader of innovation.
I cannot improve on these comments from Rhode Island couples about the harm that the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) has caused their families.    Please join me in sharing their stories with others.
