The President's proposal is a win-win-win for the American people, as it will protect our health, saving thousands of lives, create thousands of jobs, and America will finally lead on a path to averting the most calamitous impacts of climate change - such as sea level rise, dangerous heat waves, and economic disruption. Thank goodness the President refuses to be bullied by those who have their heads in the sand, and whose obstruction is leading us off the climate change cliff. The President's proposal is respectful of the states' roles and allows major flexibility, while ensuring that big polluters reduce their dangerous contributions to climate change. The people of California and the people of America deserve to be protected and the President should be lauded for moving forward.
Do you have questions about your student loans or refinancing? Want to know what the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act will do?   Join me, Senator Tammy Baldwin, Elizabeth Warren and Generation Progress tomorrow at 3:30pm for a video chat to learn more about student loans, refinancing, and our goal to give you all a #fairshot at success.   RSVP here: http://j.mp/1nIzZUo
By the time this image is posted, the student debt clock will have increased by tens of thousands of dollars. We need to ease the cost of soaring student loan debt now. http://j.mp/1oNGANa
Strong but flexible carbon pollution standards for power plants are needed and welcome news for America’s clean energy future.  For years we have had power plant standards that protect our communities from air pollutants like lead and mercury.  We are finally seeing similar standards for the carbon pollution that is fueling #climatechange, the biggest threat to life on Earth as we know it.  Science tells us climate change is real. It is a threat to our environment but also a public health issue, economic issue and a national security issue. The good news is that the solutions to each of these challenges are intertwined. The notion that we must choose between economic growth and environmental protection is just plain wrong.  “The bold goals set by the Obama Administration today are achievable and will help grow our economy. Already, the U.S. is creating good-paying domestic clean energy jobs to help mitigate the causes of climate change, increase energy efficiency, reduce our carbon footprint and better prepare us for the extreme weather. Where leadership is willing, we are making strides to green our infrastructure, as well as restore and integrate natural defenses against sea level rise and extreme weather. The U.S. must continue to lead globally and by example. Pollution, storms and droughts do not abide by border signs.  In #Maryland, where 70 percent of Marylanders live in coastal zones, we have some of the strictest air pollution standards in the country. We have seen our strong rules contribute to healthier communities and new jobs from a growing economy. The federal standards just announced are important not only in the fight against climate change, but also in our push toward a healthier Chesapeake Bay that fuels our regional economy.
I applaud today’s Clean Power Plan from the EPA, which will help unite our country in reducing carbon emissions that will have lasting benefits to both our environment and our economy.
Had a great time with the graduating 5th grade students at Blades Elementary School this morning. These kids are ready to take on middle school!
NA
“We have a responsibility – to our children and the generations to come – to stand up to this challenge."
Joe toured Eli Lilly and Company's new insulin manufacturing facility with Congressman André Carson this morning where he heard from executives at Lilly Diabetes.
Clean Power Plan encourages other states to follow California’s example and act on climate change. 
La Ventana Natural Arch, Cebolla Wilderness
For the first time in our nation's history, the total amount of student loan debt has exceeded the total amount of credit card debt. This very real problem weighs heavily on New Mexico families. It’s time to give our students a #fairshot and make college education more affordable. 
See my statement on the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed new rule on greenhouse gas emissions from existing coal-fired power plants. 
I applaud today’s proposed standards to cut our country’s carbon emissions from the nation’s power plants by up to 30% by 2030. It’s a bold, much-needed step in the right direction.  This action moves us away from unnecessary partisan bickering & nonsensical climate denying – & puts us on a path forward that will improve our environment, public health & our energy future.  SHARE or LIKE the image below if you agree.
Excited to host #CTCoffee with Senator Blumenthal on Thursday in DC. Join us if you're in town at 8:30am in my office for coffee & conversation
It's stories like Jack's that keeps Claire fighting for sexual assault survivors to ensure they're getting the protections and services needed. Learn more more about Jack's story via KCTV5 News
LIVE NOW: Claire's hosting the second of three roundtable discussions focusing on Title IX of federal civil rights law, and policies to combat rape and sexual assaults on college and university campuses. Watch live on C-SPAN3. 
Americans don't back down in the face of a challenge. We act. Acting now to cut down on the single biggest source of carbon pollution is absolutely the right thing to do, and I'll keep pushing for further action. #ActOnClimate
NA
There is no doubt that seven billion people have had an impact on our world’s climate; however, the proposed EPA rule does little to address the global problem with global solutions. Instead, today’s rule appears to be more about desirability rather than reliability or feasibility, with little regard for rising consumer prices, the effects on jobs and the impact on the reliability of our electric grid. The President’s own Energy Information Administration (EIA) predicts that coal will continue to provide nearly a third of our electricity through 2040, but the rule seems to ignore that reality.  To read my full statement, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=bd8dcc19-d6ec-46f5-960c-1ae69e95cfc5
Welcoming First Lady Michelle Obama, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus and officials from Connecticut and Illinois to RI today for the USS Illinois keel laying ceremony at Quonset.  Today’s ceremony will be a celebration of the skill and effectiveness of Rhode Island's defense workers, and their great contributions to our national security.  Watch the event live here: http://www.turnto10.com/category/256832/msnbc-live-video
There is nothing more important than keeping our children safe from harm and at the moment, there is a flaw in federal law that is making it harder for employers at child-serving organizations to fully screen applicants for jobs and volunteer positions.
Senator Shaheen this morning toured Smuttynose Brewing Co.’s new facility with Smuttynose founder and president Peter Egelston to kick off New Hampshire’s summer tourism season and highlight the industry’s importance to the state’s economy.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1ooynLB
On June 2, 1924, all Native Americans were granted full citizenship in the United States.  Ninety years later, we have more to do to live up to our trust responsibility to Indian Country.
NA
Too many residents living on our border lack access to adequate health care and infrastructure. During a visit to Southern New Mexico last week, I met with community leaders to discuss how we can meet these challenges, and I also announced two bills that will help improve the health, security and economic well-being of our border communities.  I’m proud to work with the Paso del Norte Binational Health Council. And I will continue supporting primary care facilities like La Clinica de Familia to ensure people in Southern New Mexico have a safe and healthy community to live in. Click here for more information about the bills we're working on: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1672
Carbon pollution is bad for our health, bad for our environment, and bad for our economy. Today President Obama and his team at U.S. Environmental Protection Agency are proposing new standards to limit how much of this harmful pollution power plants can spew into our atmosphere and oceans – and already the big polluters and their Republican allies are rolling out the same tired arguments and exaggerated claims about the standards. Read my piece in VICE News about why you shouldn’t believe them. #ActonClimate  https://news.vice.com/article/get-ready-for-more-false-claims-by-big-polluters
So sorry to hear of the passing of my friend Mame Reiley. She was well loved and will be missed by her family and many friends, of which I’m proud to have been one. http://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=38b5af0c-9b09-42cf-b275-fe804f63b312
It was great to speak with the Professional Fire Fighters of Massachusetts in Framingham this morning. Firefighters work tirelessly and courageously, day in and day out, to protect our cities and towns and keep our families safe. They are always there for us, and we must be there for them.
