Today, I chaired a hearing on combating violence and discrimination against women around the world. It was so powerful to hear testimony from seven of my female colleagues here in the United States Senate, Patty Murray, Debbie Stabenow, Amy Klobuchar, Tammy Baldwin, Mazie Hirono, Elizabeth Warren, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp. It’s time to pass #IVAWA and ratify CEDAW to help end #violenceagainstwomen and fight discrimination.
CNN's most recent report on the VA hospital in Phoenix is shocking.  “Records of dead veterans were changed or physically altered, some even in recent weeks, to hide how many people died while waiting for care at the Phoenix VA hospital, a whistle-blower told CNN in stunning revelations that point to a new coverup in the ongoing VA scandal.”  These serious and widespread allegations show, once again, that the VA is incapable of investigating itself, and that the Department of Justice should be leading the inquiry into allegations of wrongdoing. http://j.mp/1q4uWOw
Freedom of the press is part of a stable counrty. The crackdown on media in #EGYPT must stop and jailed #AlJazeera journos should be freed. #FreeAJStaff
Today I joined 49 other senators in co-sponsoring the DISCLOSE Act of 2014 which would give Delawareans – and all Americans – the tools and information they need to know who is attempting to influence their vote at the ballot box. http://1.usa.gov/1yKR1UM
With many of our veterans facing the aftereffects of war, this resolution will help to highlight a problem facing many of our men and women in the armed services. I’m proud to join this bipartisan group of senators to recognize the challenges many of our veterans face, and to raise awareness of PTSD and other mental health issues.
NA
This week marks the five-year anniversary of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act. This landmark bill gave the FDA authority to regulate the marketing of cigarettes, helping curb youth smoking rates dramatically in recent years. However, the fight against Big Tobacco isn’t over just yet. E-cigarette companies have taken a page out of the old playbook of Big Tobacco advertisers. The below link from Tobacco Free Kids demonstrates why we must continue to fight tactics aimed at hooking our youth to a deadly habit.  http://www.tobaccofreekids.org/tobacco_unfiltered/post/2013_10_02_ecigarettes 
Share this #GoodNews with your friends: The US Postal Service is hiring 600 people throughout Indiana. Go to http://www.usps.com/employment and search for Indiana to apply.
There’s a Tornado Warning for Marion County until 3:15pm. Please seek shelter and stay safe. -Joe
“It’s critical that we not only continue to talk about the mental health challenges facing servicemembers and veterans, but take action to respond to those who are suffering from the invisible wounds of war.” –Joe after helping to pass a bipartisan resolution designating June 2014 as National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month. The designation will help increase awareness of post-traumatic stress disorder while also seeking to reduce the stigma associated with it.
The humanitarian crisis caused by the surge of unaccompanied children crossing the border has generated significant media coverage in recent weeks. Read my op-ed in the Los Angeles Times about how we can address this heartbreaking crisis.  http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-feinstein-child-immigrants-20140624-story.html
We are a nation of laws, but our immigration system is broken and must be fixed. 
Check out this piece on my conversation with Vincent Schilling with Indian Country Today about the President and First Lady's trip to Standing Rock on June 13 and my work for Indian Country. 
Today at a Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee hearing, I called on Congress and the U.S. government to work with the international community to combat human and sex trafficking around the world, including in our country, and better protect women. Since serving as North Dakota’s Attorney General in the 1990s, I have worked tirelessly to end violence against women and children, and get victims the help they need. Since joining the Senate, I’ve brought that fight to Congress. The first step is to raise awareness of these crimes, and today’s hearing is helping make that possible. http://1.usa.gov/1l7qPtd
Today the Senate unanimously passed my bipartisan resolution to designate June 2014 as National Post-Tramatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month. The mental strains of war on our servicemembers and veterans are enormous, and so many cases go unreported or undiagnosed. This resolution is a small step, but it’s about raising awareness about the challenges confronting many of our veterans with post-traumatic stress. 
Tomorrow, a member of my staff, Tyee Davenport, will host Kaine Connects office hours in West Point from 1PM - 3PM. Afterward, she will host Kaine Connects office hours in King & Queen County from 4PM - 6PM. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
Today, I had the pleasure of meeting with Arlington Public Schools  students and faculty to discuss the importance of public service and current foreign policy challenges.
SIX MILLION fewer children worldwide will die before their 5th birthdays this year than did 25 years ago, thanks in large part to U.S. foreign aid.   I’m supporting the #5thBday campaign to help stop the deaths of millions of children from preventable disease.  http://bit.ly/1jLBUjW
Today as a Congressional Gold Medal was awarded to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his wife Coretta, we reflect on 50 years of the historic Civil Rights Act.    This long-overdue and well-deserved award recognizes the monumental impact of Dr. King and his march towards freedom and equality for all.   Fifty years after the Civil Rights Act was signed into law, we must renew & reinvigorate our fight to break down the barriers of injustice. Together we can break down barriers so all can live in a country that lives up to the undeniable promise of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Proud that my bill to increase renewable energy production in Connecticut passed last night. Thanks to this bill, thousands of Connecticut homes and businesses will have access to clean energy, an incredibly important resource for so many in the state. I'm proud to champion this bill with Representative Esty and thank her for her leadership. Looking forward to seeing President Obama sign the bill into law soon http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Dam-bill-a-first-for-Esty-Murphy-5573870.php
Yesterday, Claire wrapped her third and final roundtable with stakeholders from across the country, who met to discuss concrete ways to curb sexual assaults on college campuses. These ideas will help Claire draft legislation aimed at supporting survivors. At the final roundtable, participants heard about current obstacles to protecting and empowering survivors, as well as the strengths and weaknesses of the criminal justice system versus administrative processes to hold perpetrators accountable.
Share this image to help us celebrate the end of a great Pride Month!
Had fun answering questions from students from McCornack Elementary & Eugene area on the Capitol steps today!
I had a great time meeting with students from McDowell County this afternoon in front of the Senate steps of the United States Capitol Building. I hope they enjoy the rest of their trip to DC.
Job seekers aren't giving up & neither are we. Here is a summary of the new Reed-Heller bill to #RenewUI:
I agree with Senator Rand Paul. We should allow people who have served their time and penance to be able to vote.   If you do the crime, you do the time. If you do the time and do it completely, why should you have to do more time?
It is bad enough that used-car dealers are not required by law to fix a safety recall problem prior to selling the recalled vehicle to a consumer. Compounding the safety risks with misleading and deceptive advertising and sales practices only further endangers the safety of used-car customers and everyone who shares the roads.  
Great to meet US Presidential Scholars from NH this afternoon. The Granite State is proud of your accomplishments!
The House Appropriations Committee today passed a provision that would bring health care coverage for Peace Corps volunteers in line with most other federal insurance programs, guaranteeing them access to abortion coverage in instances of rape, incest or if the life of the mother is at risk.   This is the same provision the Senate Appropriations Committee approved last week and makes good progress on Senator Shaheen’s Peace Corps Equity Act. Read more about the Peace Corps Equity Act here: http://1.usa.gov/1lN55aj  
Click below to watch the first meeting of the veterans’ conference committee live online.  As a member of the panel, I’m standing up for Montana veterans’ priorities and fighting to increase access to care.
Sharla and I send our thoughts and prayers to the families and friends of firefighter Todd Rummel, Matthew Boegli, Crystal Ross and Matthew and Crystal's three children, Breighton, Peighton and Madison. Please keep them all in mind and follow the link if you’d like to help their families:
Since Citizens United, a flood of dark, secret money has been pouring into campaigns – and New Mexico voters deserve to know who's behind it. That's why I've introduced the DISCLOSE Act with my Senate colleagues – a bill that has received broad support from both parties and one that will help us restore Americans' faith in our elections again. There's a lot we need to do to fix campaign finance, and this bill is a strong first step. Like this post and share it with others if you agree – if you're spending money to influence voters, you should have to disclose it.
Today, I reintroduced the #DISCLOSE Act, a bill that would crack down on so-called “dark money” that billionaires and corporations use to secretly influence elections. This bill gives Senators the chance to show the American people where we stand: with the individual voters we have been sent here to represent, or with the billionaires and the corporations seeking to buy our democracy. I hope my Republican colleagues, who have a history of supporting disclosure of election spending, will stand with me.
Renewable sources of energy are a big help for our climate and our economy.  Today I was glad to join a bright group of 5th graders  from Blackstone Valley Prep Mayoral Academy to see the Narragansett Bay Commission's Field's Point facility, which uses wind to reduce the emissions that contribute to climate change and helps save taxpayers money.
I am excited about the work this grant will make possible. We desperately need to improve the condition of our nation’s infrastructure, and efficiency gains through this kind of research will be key to that goal. I congratulate UVA, Tech and ODU for receiving this grant, and thank them for their leadership on this important issue. 
