There are many Coloradans running the Boston Marathon today. Our thoughts are with the victims and first responders dealing with this tragedy. Use this Red Cross website to search for loved ones and list yourself as safe.
Immigration affects nearly every aspect of Colorado's economy and plays a huge part in the lives of many Colorado families. While all of the stakeholders have different views about the best way to fix our broken immigration system, they all agree the system we have is hurting them and we need to work together to find a solution. Click "Like" if you agree and let me know your thoughts in the comments.
I want to express my most heartfelt sympathies to all those affected by today’s horrific events in Boston.
U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, D-MD visits Goddard Space Flight Center  Center Director Chris Scolese and U.S. Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland addressed Goddard April 12 in the Bldg. 8 Auditorium. The event was a town hall format with a question and answer period following Senator Cardin’s comments.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston who have been deeply affected by today's tragedy. I especially want to thank our first responders, who are selflessly working to care for those who are injured, and the law enforcement personnel at the federal, state and local level who are investigating this incident. In the end, we'll get to the bottom of this and use any and all information from this horrible tragedy to bolster our security and response efforts and continue to do all that we can to keep events like this from happening again.
Deepening the Delaware is a once in a generation opportunity for major job creation and economic growth. It’s vital that the Senate Appropriations Committee maintain this investment. I made the case for deepening the Delaware to the President personally and I’m pleased his budget includes $20 million to move the project forward. I’ll be pushing Congress relentlessly to ensure that the federal government’s commitment to this project remains.
Deepening the Delaware is a once in a generation opportunity for major job creation and economic growth.
When we invest in our kids' education, we're investing in Delaware's future. Senator Coons visited St. Michael's School in Wilmington this morning to help U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan, Senator Tom Carper, Congressman John Carney, Gov. Jack Markell and Lt. Gov Matt Denn highlight Delaware's commitment to expanding access to high-quality pre-k.
Update from the Indiana Department of Homeland Security: Hoosiers who are having trouble contacting family in Boston can call 617-635-4500 to check on them.
Keeping everyone in Boston, including the many Hoosiers in town for the race, in my thoughts and prayers. –Joe
In April 2013, Senator Donnelly met with eighth grade students from Oak Hill Junior High during their four day visit to Washington, D.C.
I’m lucky to have a talented group of students interning in my Washington office and learning how Congress works.
There were 37 North Dakotans registered for the Boston Marathon today. Keeping them all, their families, and everyone in the race area today in my thoughts and prayers.
My Minot office is closed today as well.
My Dickinson and Bismarck offices will be closed today due to snow. Stay safe out there!
My thoughts & prayers are with those at the Boston Marathon today.   If you are trying to locate friends & family, the hotline in Boston is 617-635-4500.
Praying. Holding my breath.
Gayle and I join all West Virginians and Americans in praying for the victims of the horrific explosions in Boston. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Boston community, Massachusetts and our nation as we cope with the terrifying incidents at the Boston Marathon. Once again, in the midst of chaos in an American city, we saw heroism from our brave first responders and volunteers. We don’t know all the details yet, but it appears this was a senseless act of violence aimed at innocent people who come from all over the world, including dozens from West Virginia, for this special sporting event. We cannot allow cowardice to go unchallenged. We will not allow it to go unpunished.
Senator Manchin and Senator Toomey will speak on the Senate floor at 3:15 p.m. today to urge all Americans to read and understand their bipartisan, commonsense proposal to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill while protecting and expanding American’s Second Amendment rights.  Watch it here: http://www.senate.gov/floor/index.htm
Please take a minute to read through the section by section breakdown of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act:  http://1.usa.gov/YXhhL0
Discussed the need to crack down on foreclosure abuse with CBS Evening News correspondent Wyatt Andrews:
Proud to join members of Rhode Island’s Jewish Community yesterday to honor the 65th anniversary of Israel’s independence.  Jewish Alliance of Greater Rhode Island will be running a series of events now through April 21 to showcase Israel’s contributions to the arts, music, food, film, & culture.  Learn more at: www.jfri.org.  Yom Huledet Sameach, L'Yisrael!
Congrats to Masters champion Adam Scott, the first UNLV golfer to win a major tournament championship!
617-635-4500 is Boston hot line for those trying to locate friends and loved ones.
Thoughts and prayers are with all those in Boston and all of their loved ones.
With millions of Americans filing their taxes on tax day today, Senator Shaheen introduced this morning the Simpler Filing Act, legislation to streamline the federal tax return process and save billions of dollars for American consumers.
Best of luck to JDRF (Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation) Marathon Team and all those who will be running in tomorrow's Boston Marathon!
I'm praying for those who were injured in today's explosion. Thank you to the local officials and first responders who rushed to the scene. -BES
We need to do everything we can to make sure folks get the mental health care they need: http://bit.ly/YDFhUe
My heart goes out to those harmed in today’s explosions in Boston.  Our first responders and many citizens responded bravely.  I know that all Rhode Islanders have our Massachusetts neighbors in their thoughts and prayers today.
My heart goes out to those impacted by events in Boston, esp the 600+ Va runners and their friends and families. If you're unable to find a loved one, please post here: http://goo.gl/eD44L  or here: http://rdcrss.org/N3R2yG
Proud to have participated in this project by UniteWomen.org.
