Secretary Kerry's statement reflects my disgust, dismay, and disbelief that in this century we would see such an attack on the Jewish people. The fact that no group or individual is taking responsibility tells me that it could well be part of a sick strategy to foment even more unrest in Ukraine. 
Just saw the latest Obamacare numbers for California--nothing less than fantastic! 
Tammy is fighting to extend unemployment insurance because she knows it is a worthwhile investment in both our families and our communities.
Thanks to BJ and Vince for showing me how they make their amazing snowboards at Never Summer Industries. They've carved out quite a niche by making high-quality snowboards, by hand, right here in Colorado. That’s homegrown Colorado jobs. And like every company I've seen that created jobs during the recession, they've relied on innovation to get where they are. We should be encouraging innovative companies like Never Summer with policy that creates a business environment where innovation and creativity can thrive.
It was one year ago today that the Senate defeated several measures to expand gun control. Every day, children and other innocent Americans throughout the country are being injured or killed as a result of gun violence.   Enough is enough. As I said a year ago today, “the world is watching the United States Senate, and we will be held accountable.”   http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/18/us/politics/senate-obama-gun-control.html
This is beyond impressive.   "Firefighter William Fisher returned to work at Odenton Volunteer Fire Company this month, eight months after having his right leg amputated below the knee, the result of a lingering injury from his U.S. Army service in #Iraq.  Eventually, the repeated surgeries got to be too much, and Fisher said he asked for an amputation — a decision he hasn't regretted"  The Baltimore Sun
The Affordable Care Act is working. There are 8 million Americans who have enrolled.   Share if you're one of them!
It was great to meet Will, Tim and the incredible staff at Autism Delaware!
It was great to visit Ashland Inc.’s Delaware offices to see what they’re doing to help produce sustainable products for businesses in the First State and across our nation.
Today we honor the 6th President of Pennsylvania, Benjamin Franklin, who passed on this day, 224 years ago. #TBT
We were so honored to be able to help recognize Mr. Weaver's service. 
Think about this – In 1965 the United States spent more than 25 percent of its non-defense discretionary budget on research and development. That number is now down to 10 percent. As basic funding for breakthrough science is declining here, other countries are investing in it and attracting the brightest minds to come work overseas. If the United States is to remain the world’s leader in innovation and discovery, federal funding for medical research must be a national priority.   I have introduced a bill called the American Cures Act. This bill would provide steady, predictable increases in funding for the most promising biomedical research projects at America’s finest agencies and institutions. It’s time to reverse the trend of cutting back on medical research and make funding for it less political and more predictable.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OR5mWpNMKM  http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=cca316da-ee88-4d2d-84f5-74bca8c994c1
Joe was in Columbia City today to thank Ultra Electronics - UnderSea Sensor Systems, Inc. for aiding the effort to locate Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
Attention students and recent graduates—Are you or someone you know interested in gaining experience in public service beyond a traditional internship? Senator Donnelly today announced two new exciting programs: the Wayne Townsend and Frank J. Anderson Legislative Programs. Learn more here.
Share some #GoodNews for Plymouth: Aggressive Manufacturing Innovations, Inc. plans to open its second manufacturing facility in Plymouth and create an estimated 200 jobs by 2016.
Joe stopped by the Purdue Extension in Owen County today to say hello and discuss his continuing efforts to implement the recently passed five-year farm bill.
Senator Donnelly was honored to speak at the Air Force/Navy Conference at WestGate Academy today where he talked about the importance of the Air Force and Navy's work to sustain strategic systems and to highlight the role of the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane Division.
Ready for fire season? In an effort to help you prepare, I launched the Fire Preparedness & Prevention Resource Center on my website. You can find prevention tips, best practices to protect homes and businesses, active wildfire information, and more: http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/helping-you/wildfire-preparedness-and-prevention-center
I was proud to work with Senator Mark Warner,  Congressman Robert Hurt and Congressman Morgan Griffith to help secure a permit for the Commonwealth Crossing Business Centre. A lot of bipartisan work went into this effort and it was an honor to be there for the groundbreaking today.
"And after the past year saw a focused effort in Congress to address sexual assaults in the U.S. military -- resulting in a host of sweeping reforms to protect and empower victims and hold perpetrators and commanders accountable -- it's becoming clear to me that we may face similar systemic challenges on our college campuses. Challenges such as severe underreporting of assaults, and confusion over where to go for help." - Claire   Read Claire's entire piece in the The Huffington Post using the link below.  
#ThrowbackThursday: Great old photo I found. Here I am with my late uncle, A. James Manchin and Mark Manchin in Romney with our dear friend Mary Susan Williams.
NA
Senator Shaheen met with New Hampshire law enforcement that responded to the Boston Marathon bombings on the one-year anniversary of the tragedy. Shaheen also visited Harbor Homes in Nashua.
April is the Month of the Military Child. LIKE this post to join me in recognizing the children of our military men and women and the sacrifices they make.
Thanks to all those who attended my community dinner in South Kingstown last night.  Taking your questions and hearing your ideas for strengthening our economy and creating jobs will help me continue to fight for you in Washington.
Holding a town hall meeting this morning on Naval Station Norfolk with CFPB Servicemember Affairs. We need much better consumer protections for our #milfam.
