ICYMI: This week’s Manitowoc Herald Times Reporter editorial says Tammy’s plan to expand green energy curriculum in schools “deserves serious consideration.”
Before you tune in to watch the State of the Union tonight, take this short poll to let us know what you hope to hear in the speech.
A happy Farm Bill conferee. The bill includes an extension of PILT and much-needed certainty for our farmers, ranchers and sportsmen.  Now let’s get this thing passed!
Meet my guest to tonight's State of the Union address, Staff Sgt. Sandra Lee of Manchester, CT. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xshYFNczWJM
Before #SOTU U.S. Senate Democrats want to hear from you-    "The most important issue for #Congress to work on this year is..."    Give your response here.
NA
24 hours until Barack Obama delivers his #STOU. What are you expecting from his speech?
I’m thrilled to announce Lori James as my new state director, promoted from her Kent County district director position. She’s been a part of my team for more than 20 years and I know she’ll continue to put Delawareans first and help me better serve the First State in her new role!  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1lhlNR0
I’ll be attending President Obama’s State of the Union Address tonight. What issues do you think he should address and what are the issues that Congress should tackle this year?
From 90.5 WESA on #SOTU
I’m disappointed in Governor Corbett’s decision to appeal the Commonwealth Court’s decision to invalidate this misguided and ill-conceived law. From the beginning, this law has been designed to prevent many Pennsylvanians from exercising their right to vote and has the potential to impact residents young and old, from urban and rural counties. Whenever Pennsylvania’s so-called ‘Voter ID’ law has been held to a test of basic fairness it’s failed. At a time when we need to encourage more people to vote in elections this law runs contrary to that goal. Historically, our Commonwealth has always moved to expand and encourage voting by our citizens. The #VoterID law would reverse much of the progress we’ve made over the years.
NA
Senator Joe Donnelly this morning released a video outlining what he would like to hear in President Obama’s State of the Union address tonight. Donnelly highlighted the importance of job creation and economic growth, which he proposes addressing through the four parts of his Opportunity Agenda, as well as the need to address the serious problem of military suicide.  Donnelly said, “Members of both parties can agree there are few things more important than improving our economy, creating more jobs, and taking care of our troops.  I hope that, in this next year, we can work in a bipartisan way to address both job creation and helping to end the scourge of military suicide.”
Due to the inclement weather, Joe’s South Bend, Hammond, and Fort Wayne offices will be closed today. Please contact our Indianapolis office at 317-226-5555 with any questions.
I appeared on MSNBC's 'Andrea Mitchell Reports' to discuss the Sochi Olympics, NSA programs and the president's State of the Union address.
NA
I commend President Obama for taking this important step toward paying all American workers a living wage. No one who works full-time in New Mexico should have to live in poverty--this is especially critical for women, who make up a disproportionate share of minimum wage workers today. Our economy is stronger when we reward an honest day's work with fair wages, which is why Congress should follow the president's lead and raise the federal minimum wage across the board. 
Today my State of the Union guest, Eric Marts, and I did an interview with former Congressman and Iraq-veteran Patrick Murphy for his MSNBC show, Taking the Hill. Proud of the great work Eric does in North Dakota to stand up for veterans every day and glad he was able to share the important work he is doing in the state.
At a Senate Banking Hearing today, I questioned Export-Import Bank Chairman Fred Hochberg about the importance of increasing opportunities for small businesses, economic development in Indian Country, and creating access to affordable energy for poor and developing countries by adjusting their policies on coal-fired electricity. North Dakotans understand the importance of reliable and affordable coal-fired electricity and I want to make sure that other countries have the ability to access them as well.  
After serious negotiations, Republicans and Democrats have forged a compromise that moves us closer to getting a long-term Farm Bill signed into law. I’m confident that this Farm Bill strikes the right balance to make sure a strong safety net will be provided to North Dakota’s diverse agricultural system, which leads the nation in the production of over 13 different commodities. For too long, our farmers and ranchers have faced uncertainty because of delays in Washington. We are very close to the finish line, but we must keep pressure on members to work together and get this done so North Dakota producers can focus on what they do best: feeding the world. 
In the State of the Union Address tonight, I hope the President encourages Congress to build on our recent successes and tackle issues like career and technical education and raising the minimum wage.  
NA
Nearly one month after a one-year extension of legislation to protect the nation’s farming, conservation and nutrition programs expired, the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives are poised this week to consider a final, comprehensive agriculture reform bill that will net more than $24 billion in savings, support 16 million American jobs, and make considerable progress in advancing conservation and wildlife protections.
Thank you President Obama for raising the wage for federal contract workers. No one should have to raise a family in poverty. Congress must now act to #RaiseTheWage for all workers. Families are struggling to stay afloat on jobs that pay minimum wage.
JOIN IN TOMORROW: I'll be hosting my first LIVE Facebook Q&A tomorrow morning from 10:30-11 a.m. on my page. I'll be discussing the President's State of the Union Address and answering your questions as they are posted. I want to hear from you.
Tonight my Senator Mark Kirk and I will be sitting together at the State of the Union Address not only as best friends, but as a Democrat and a Republican who are working together on behalf of our nation. Together we joined the bipartisan No Labels Problem Solvers coalition to try and find common ground on our nation’s top priorities. We have hosted bipartisan lunches and encouraged thoughtful and productive discussion amongst our colleagues. As we prepare to sit together again tonight, we remain optimistic about the state of our union and we look forward to hearing the President's plan for reducing our nation's deficit, growing our economy, and ultimately leaving a stronger America to future generations.
ICYMI: Last night I joined Senator John Hoeven on Crossfire to preview tonight's State of the Union. What do you hope to hear from the President tonight?  Watch our discussion here: http://crossfire.blogs.cnn.com/2014/01/27/manchin-hope-obama-focuses-on-economy/
Incredible to meet Shareeka Elliott, a member of @32BJ_SEIU & give her a ticket to attend the #SOTU address
Sing us a song, #BillyJoel - tonight & every month at Madison Square Garden  
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes today! So nice to have Billy here for my birthday and the State of the Union.
Thinking of Christa McAuliffe and her fellow crew members today as we mark the 28th anniversary of the Challenger tragedy. Christa was an inspiration to many New Hampshire students – including  Lizzie Rosenberger who is now pursuing a career as an educator and participating in NASA’s Stratospheric Observatory of Infrared Astronomy program – and represented the best of New Hampshire. I hope you all will join me in keeping the victims’ families and loved ones in your thoughts today.  http://www.concordmonitor.com/home/10364002-95/ray-duckler-following-christas-lead-28-years-later-a-teacher-aims-high 
President Obama will deliver his State of the Union address to Congress at 4pm HST and outline his priorities for the year.  What issues will you be watching for?
LIKE and SHARE some good news for American taxpayers: After I found out that some Homeland Security Department employees abused overtime pay and cost taxpayers millions, I called on the department to fix the problem.  Department officials today informed me that they are putting the brakes on some employees’ overtime pay while they make changes.  Read more below.
Tonight, President Obama will deliver his State of the Union address. And while I’m looking forward to hearing the President’s remarks, the opinions and priorities that matter most to me are yours.
 What do you think are America’s top priorities? Take the poll and share your thoughts on the #SOTU with me: http://bit.ly/sotu2014-poll
Honored to be featured on Upworthy. Thanks for the kind words! 
