Ask an overwhelming majority of Americans if the recent theatrics in Washington pass as governing, and they will rightly respond with a resounding “no.” Only a small, extremist group of Republican members in the House and their sympathizers in the Senate have forgotten the meaning of the word “govern.” American families might find their sideshow comedic if they were mere spectators to the Republicans’ antics—but they are the props of this Republican game.      Republicans have manufactured a crisis that will cost taxpayers even more money while inconveniencing, if not harming, individuals, families and businesses across the country. By repeatedly voting to fund the government only in exchange for a delay in the implementation of the Affordable Care Act – with the specific knowledge that it will not pass the Senate or President Obama will veto the measure – House Republicans deliberately put our country and its government into shutdown mode.  The House GOP’s grandstanding is knowingly risking financial harm to 90,000 federal workers and 180,000 federal contractors, as well as their families and local communities, in Maryland alone.  Our state could lose 3 to 7 percent of our state’s daily income, up to $5 million in State revenues lost for each shutdown day, and somewhere between $24 million and $89 million in economic output each day.      All states will feel an impact from the shutdown, but Maryland would be hit even harder than most because our economy is inextricably linked to the federal workforce.  If you’re a federal employee and you don’t know when your next paycheck is coming, chances are you’re going to be tightening your purse strings.  When that happens hundreds of thousands of times over, the economy is going to feel it.     To certain members of the GOP, these numbers are a small price to pay for media attention.  The New York Times described House Republicans as “downright giddy” as they moved our government closer to a shutdown. But to Marylanders, a government shutdown is nothing to celebrate. These numbers mean real financial pain for millions of hardworking employees and their families in our State and all across our Nation.     Some House and Senate Republicans defend their decision to play chicken with millions of jobs by claiming that they are taking a stand against the Affordable Care Act. But by standing against health care reform, they are also standing against the 100 million Americans who are benefitting from the consumer protections and access to secure health coverage that the ACA has brought them. This includes more than 34 million seniors who have received free preventive services, more than three million children who’ve been able to stay on their parents’ insurance plans, and all the people in their own districts who have or will receive affordable health care under the ACA. These Republicans are also standing against all three branches of our government:  the Supreme Court, who upheld the Affordable Care Act, the Executive Branch, who signed the law, and their own branch of government that passed the law.  Finally, they’re standing against rational members of their own political party, who are warning them not to gamble with our economy and the livelihoods of millions.       Sometimes I wonder why these Tea Party extremists ran for elected office if they refuse to actually govern. When you hold the economy hostage in an act of political showmanship, you’re sending a clear message that you want gridlock rather than government. The only progress these extremists have been interested in was the progress towards a shutdown.      But that’s not the progress that the American people need and deserve. We need to continue strengthening our economy, which has created 7.5 million private-sector jobs over the last 42 months.  And we desperately need to come together on a comprehensive budget solution that’s fair to all Americans.      We have enough problems to face without gratuitously creating new ones.  We need to overcome the problems that we can control so that together, we can face those problems that are much more vexing.  That’s the promise we make to the American people as public servants, and a promise that our Nation is depending on us to fulfill.
Unfortunately, the federal government has been shutdown. One of the things that pains me the most about this shutdown is that it will affect the people of Delaware directly. Like hundreds of thousands of federal employees, a majority of my staff won’t be able to work during the shutdown. As such, my state offices will be closed and my staff and I will be unable to answer your phone calls and emails during this time, we will not be able to update our website with additional information and I will not be able to use my official Twitter and Facebook accounts until my colleagues and I fix this mess. Constituent calls to our state offices and to our Washington, DC office will be forwarded to voice mail and exempted staff will check those messages periodically and respond in cases of emergency, but the vast majority of constituent services will be suspended throughout the shutdown.  Please know that I will be working with my congressional colleagues to find a responsible way to end this shutdown as soon as possible.  http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/e-newsletter?ID=3eda7561-2c21-4afd-90bb-2ae0fd120bb9
The top priority needs to be to reopen the government. House Republicans need to do what's right for their constituents and stop being reckless and irresponsible.
Closing down the government strikes at the heart of New Mexico’s economy and our middle-class families. And that was the decision Republicans made tonight.
The office of Senator Heitkamp is currently closed because of the shutdown of the federal government due to lapsed appropriations. The office will re-open as soon as normal government operations resume. During the government shutdown, this Facebook account will not be updated.
Due to the government shutdown, my offices are temporarily closed. Please don’t hesitate to contact me through my website, although unfortunately there may be a delay in response time. I am hopeful that the House will act quickly to pass the continuing resolution on the table and re-open the federal government.
The House of Representatives has shut down the government of the United States by rejecting an interim spending measure passed by the Senate, even though that bill accepted the House's own spending target through November 15.  This action hurts the American economy and millions of Americans.  The House should reconsider its action and re-open government immediately.
Beginning tomorrow, eligible Virginians who do not currently have access to insurance through their employer or existing government programs like Medicare and Medicaid can get coverage by enrolling in the Health Insurance Marketplaces established in the Affordable Care Act. Check out our newest Commonwealth Connection post to learn more.
Connecticut's health care marketplace is open! Like and share to spread the word. www.accesshealthct.com #getcovered
In the absence of FY 2014 appropriations or a continuing budget resolution for the Legislative Branch, Senator McCaskill’s office has been forced to close effective October 1, 2013. The office will reopen when a continuing budget resolution is approved. In the meantime, no updates will be posted on the office Facebook page. Senator McCaskill is disappointed with the shutdown of government operations and the inconvenience to Missourians and will continue to work to fund the government as quickly as possible.
“It is completely unacceptable that U.S. House Republicans are willing to shut down the government. This will upset our economic recovery and cause thousands of Missourians real pain. They know that the President will not back up on his work to provide affordable and accessible health care. They know that the Senate will not overturn these reforms. A decision was made at the ballot box last November, and supporters of the Affordable Care Act were returned to office by the American people. We can negotiate federal spending and the budget. We should not negotiate on keeping our government functioning and paying our bills. It is time for Speaker Boehner to allow the House to vote on a clean government funding bill without the unrealistic and irresponsible political posturing.” -Claire
It is thanks to the Affordable Care Act that uninsured individuals and families in Nevada can shop for health insurance plans online -- and no one will be turned away for preexisting conditions. 
 
 Share this site with Nevadans you know who need affordable health care: 
 
 https://www.nevadahealthlink.com/
 
 Five decades ago, Republicans predicted Medicare would fail. Today, Medicare is one of the most successful social programs in the history of the world. Virtually every American over 65 has health insurance, and the number of seniors that live below the poverty line has decreased by 75%. 
 
 I believe that in years to come, when they write the history books, Obamacare will be seen as the greatest single step since Medicare to provide quality, affordable health care to all Americans.
Today, Nevadans across the Silver State have begun to witness the disastrous effects that the shutdown of the federal government has on our delicate economy. At Red Rock Canyon alone, over a million people visit there every year.   My position is that we will not be held hostage, and we will not be bullied. We cannot accept a government funding plan that strips away the benefits of the Affordable Care Act from millions of Americans.
Remember this day.
“The consequences of a government shutdown are very real for families and small businesses in New Hampshire and across the country. I’m incredibly disappointed that we have come to this point that was entirely avoidable.    “I know people in New Hampshire are frustrated with Washington and I share their frustration. This Congress can do better and it’s time for the dysfunction and obstructionism to come to an end.  I hope we can quickly pass a short-term spending bill and resume bipartisan efforts to negotiate a long-term spending agreement and deficit-reduction plan immediately because that’s what the American public expects of us. We can’t afford any more manufactured crises that hurt our economy and so many families.” -- Senator Shaheen
Do you have questions about what services will and won't be affected by the government shutdown? Visit our website for answers to some of the most common concerns.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345852
“Despite knowing that a government shutdown would hurt seniors, veterans, families, and dedicated public servants, as well as put our economic well-being at risk, House Republicans have stubbornly refused to agree to fund the federal government. Due to their recklessness, the United States government has been forced to shutdown. Every moment that the government remains closed endangers our economy and American families across the country. I will keep working to pass a Continuing Resolution that reopens the government.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345847
Due to the government shutdown, my offices are currently closed. This includes my offices in Albuquerque, Carlsbad, Las Cruces, Portales, Santa Fe, and Washington, D.C. Unfortunately, while the government is shut down, we will be unable to respond to phone messages. You may continue to send general comments through my "Contact Tom" page, but please note the response time will be significantly delayed. There will also be a temporary delay in all Udall Serving You services, including casework, help with federal agencies, meeting requests, etc. General information about government operating status and resumption of normal operations is available at USA.GOV and at my website below.  I have repeatedly called for a solution to this unnecessary shutdown and will continue working for a bipartisan agreement as quickly as possible.
As of midnight, we are dealing with a government shutdown. While we won’t know for certain what a government shutdown will mean until it unfolds, we do know that it could affect thousands of Rhode Islanders and that there will be many questions. So please visit the web page below, as updates will be posted here as they become available. Unfortunately, during the government shutdown my office will be unable to respond to you directly or work on pending constituent casework. Once the shutdown comes to an end, my office will endeavor to respond to all emails, letters, and phone calls as quickly as possible.    Please share this web page with other Rhode Islanders who may have questions about the government shutdown.
Letting employers decide whether women can get birth control covered on their insurance plans is so important to House Republicans that they are willing to shutter the government and potentially tank the economy over issues like whether women can access birth control coverage. In the year 2013.  Not the year 1913—the year 2013. I have a daughter and I have granddaughters.  I will never vote to let a group of backward-looking ideologues cut women’s access to birth control.  We have lived in that world, and we are not going back.  Not ever. Watch my speech tonight on the floor of the Senate here.
