Today I visited Beebe Healthcare’s Medical Center in Lewes and toured the Margaret H. Rollins School of Nursing, which is under construction. The School of Nursing building is expected to open in the summer of 2015. It will feature state-of-the-art classrooms and technology, including simulation labs. It looks like it will be a great facility.
Thanks to Joyce Westen, Florence Mason, Brittney Marsh, Linda Burch and the many other volunteers at the CHEER Center in Georgetown for helping pack gifts for seniors as part of CHEER's Operation Christmas. I was happy to join in and help for a bit as I traveled around Sussex County today.
My reason #3 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Dances at the Pueblos
For those of you who are spending your first holiday season in the North Dakota tundra or are heading back home after some time away from our state, here is a list that will help set your expectations for – what I hope is – a wonderful time with family, friends, and loved ones:
It’s absolutely critical that our aviators, as well as local airports, businesses, and hospitals have a direct line to Air Force operations regarding the Powder River Training Complex expansion. Today, I pushed the Air Force to improve its plan for the by better addressing the concerns of local communities and businesses. I’m encouraged by the Air Force’s commitment to heeding many communities’ economic concerns, but we must make sure aviators and businesses can easily access the information they need and get their questions answered. That’s why I’m asking the Air Force to take additional steps to proactively work with these groups, and remedy their concerns. If the Air Force falls short of its commitments, businesses and livelihoods could be threatened – and that’s unacceptable. I’ll continue working together with the Air Force, the Federal Aviation Administration, and our local towns and businesses to strike the right balance between strengthening our national security and allowing our regional businesses to flourish. http://1.usa.gov/1A0HYQG
As a Baltimore native and the daughter of small business owners, I know the importance of small businesses in helping to weave the social fabric of their communities. Morstein’s and Tarlow’s have been Baltimore mainstays for decades.   Through the Great Depression and the riots of 1968, these businesses survived and thrived, always putting customer service first and giving back to the communities that supported them.   My most sincere thanks to the Morstein family for over a century of making Baltimore sparkle. And a special thanks to the Tarlows for two generations of excellence.   http://www.mikulski.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/mikulski-visits-morsteins-jewelers-and-tarlow-furs-ltd-to-thank-small-business-owners-for-years-of-service-to-greater-baltimore-community
Women’s history is American history. Women have been trailblazers throughout our history, using grit, passion, and determination to seize the day and to make a difference. We must not only honor the past – we must learn from it. After a sixteen year effort, I'm pleased Congress has taken an important step towards establishing a National Women’s History Museum, which would serve as a fitting tribute to recognize the lasting legacy of trailblazing American women while inspiring future generations.
Still looking for the perfect holiday gift? There are countless Connecticut-made products perfect for everyone on your list. Yesterday I stopped by two local companies, Hartford Denim Company and Hartford Prints! to talk to the owners and do some last-minute shopping
Claire's dishing on her favorite foods, memories and traditions just in time for the holidays!
Update: HealthSource RI has extended the 12/23 deadline to 12/31 for health coverage beginning Jan 1. To learn more about the updated deadline, you can click here: http://www.healthsourceri.com/understanding-the-healthsource-ri-deadlines/
As 2014 comes to an end, we finally saw some signs of bipartisanship in Congress: majorities in both the House and the Senate approved an 11th hour spending agreement and the Virginia delegation worked together to protect many of our shared priorities.   When the Senate reconvenes in the new year under new management, I remain hopeful we will focus on ways we can work together to strengthen the economic recovery and create jobs.  http://1.usa.gov/16MNPhN
