Wisconsin's working families are the backbone of our economy. This Labor Day, join Tammy in supporting them -- "like" and "share" this post!
As we mark Labor Day, it is a time to remember past struggles and hard-fought victories that have improved the lives and livelihood of all workers.  It is also a time to take stock of the problems that must still be tackled.    Addressing the growing income inequality and continued pay inequity is essential for families and for our long-term economic prosperity.  Safer workplaces where workers have a voice should not have to be up for debate.    As the economy continues to recover, unemployment and underemployment continues to take a toll on Pennsylvania families.  Wise investments and decisions must be made to level the playing field for American workers, build a strong workforce and spur the creation of family-sustaining jobs.  After Labor Day, as work continues on fiscal decisions, I will continue to fight to increase wages, improve competitiveness and strengthen the economic recovery.
Labor Day is very special to me. My father was an IBEW lineman, and his union wages were what helped pay my way through college. It's important that today we honor and remember the people who built this great nation. I believe that our country is strongest when we support working families, seniors, and our veterans. We need to build America from the middle class out, not from the top down. I will continue to fight for every hard-working New Mexicans who deserve a fair shake.
Taught undergrad leadership students at UR this morning about Truman in 1945--UN, weapons of mass destruction, Congress and challenges with Russia.  Given our current challenges, I'm reminded that he said--"the only thing new under the sun is the history you don't know."
Check out some highlights from my first 7 months in the Senate, including my travels across Virginia, my first Senate bill the Troop Talent Act, and some tunes on the harmonica.
“This holiday weekend is another chance to express my admiration for, and commitment to, Missouri’s working families. All #Americans deserve the opportunity to work, and to have workplace protections that provide a pathway to a more secure economic future. And I pledge to continue fighting for that access and opportunity every day as a United States Senator.” -Claire #LaborDay
I was proud to celebrate Labor Day with many of our hardworking and dedicated coal miners and their families at the UMWA rally in Racine.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wnum2gsnugU
Happy Labor Day to the hardworking men and women who keep West Virginia and our great country running every day. I was honored to celebrate today at the UMWA rally in Boone County.   http://1.usa.gov/1adVq9k
Labor Day is a great opportunity to celebrate the contributions of American workers past and present who have fought for livable wages, built the middle class and made the American Dream more possible to achieve. I hope you’ll all join me in honoring these contributions today. Happy Labor Day!
For decades, unions have ensured the rights of workers & protected families. Hawaii is a better place because of our unions. Happy Labor Day!
The labor movement has been out there for years fighting for all working men and women - whether they are union members or not. Labor Day is a chance to say thank you. It's also a reminder that unions helped build America's middle class, and it is unions that will fight to keep our middle class. Watch my Labor Day message to working families here in Massachusetts and across the country.
