I am so proud that President Obama signed my legislation today to designate the Distinguished Flying Cross Memorial at Riverside’s March Field Air Museum as a national memorial. This designation will give long-overdue recognition to the courageous military aviators in California and across America who have distinguished themselves by heroism in aerial flight.
I oppose Judge Boggs’ nomination because he took positions that don’t respect rights protecting women, LGBT & racial minorities. -RB 
Don’t forget to stop by the Delaware State Fair this weekend. Also, stop by my booth and enter to win a flag that has flown over the U.S. Capitol. Winners are drawn nightly. I will be there today, so stop by to say hello!
Senator Coons released a new installment of the "Correspondence from the Commute" video series today, filmed during his daily train commute from Wilmington to Washington. In this video, Chris replies to John from Wilmington about the Highway Trust Fund and America's infrastructure backlog. 
In the coming days, the Senate will consider the President’s emergency funding request to help deal with the child refugee crisis at our border. Politics need to be put aside so a heartbreaking and awful situation can be addressed. http://ow.ly/zAQHi   
On Senior Day at the State Fair (Tuesday, August 5) Senator Donnelly will be hosting a Field Hearing of the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging at the Farm Bureau building on the fairgrounds entitled “Trust Your Instincts? Tools to Empower Seniors to Identify Scams and Fraud.” The goal of the hearing is to expand the conversation, encourage collaboration, and consider ideas on how to effectively address this issue. Hoosiers of all ages are encouraged to attend to learn more about how to recognize potential scams and frauds. The hearing is free and open to the public.    Please click here for more details: http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-announces-indianapolis-field-hearing-to-address-scams-and-frauds-targeting-seniors
Good reminder in this column: It costs $2.8 mil/year to house each Gitmo detainee—yet another reason to close it.
Visitors to White Sands National Monument pumped $24.5 million into local communities. Public lands conservation and growing New Mexico's economy are inextricably linked. 
College students and recent graduates who are interested in learning how Congress works and impacts North Dakota communities can apply for fall internships in my Washington, Bismarck, Fargo, Dickinson, Grand Forks, and Minot offices. Internships are a great opportunities to participate in the government processes and gain real-world skills and experiences. Check out my website for details.
Spirit Lake, Three Affiliated Tribes, Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, and Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indian reservations, as well as United Tribes Technical College in Bismarck will receive more than $900,000 in federal funds to provide low-income and struggling Native Americans with employment and training opportunities. While the federal government has many programs to assist Indian Country, the unmet needs in our state are great and these funds will help tribe members develop the skills themselves to get good jobs and continue to make a positive impact on their communities for years to come.
Today I’m launching my new one-stop-shop webpage for Native American veterans that aims to more easily connect veterans with information about how they can best access the benefits and services they earned. It was very clear during my Native American Veterans Summit in Bismarck last month that many Native veterans face similar problems in getting access to resources about their benefits and services. After putting their lives on the line for each of us, they should not have any trouble getting the support they earned. Check out the webpage below. 
In partnership with GATX Corporation and BNSF, Senator Hoeven and I will host a railcar safety training event this October in Fargo to train local rail workers and emergency responders. Making sure our communities are safe means providing resources and training to our first responders – which is what my RESPONSE Act would make a priority, and this training puts us on the path toward accomplishing. This will be a valuable opportunity to help our first responders better respond to emerging threats and hazards and protect our communities and themselves.  
ICYMI: This morning I spoke with Andrea Roane about years of teamwork that led to the Silver Line opening. Watch here:
"New Merkley bill would expedite phase-out some of the most harmful chemicals identified by scientists"
Surfs up! Free parking, salt water fishing & @RIPTA_RI bus rides to state beaches this Sunday, July 27 to celebrate Bay Day 2014.
Today I had the privilege of honoring Army veteran Percy S. Wilson, 95, of Mapleville for his service to our nation during World War II.  On behalf of all Rhode Islanders, I thank Percy, his family, and all our veterans for their sacrifices.
NA
My thoughts are with the Tularosa Basin Downwinders Consortium this weekend as they hold a candlelight vigil to remember those affected by the Trinity test site – the first atomic bomb explosion that took place in the Tularosa Basin. I'm grateful for the work of the Consortium, and I was humbled to say a few words about our efforts to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act to recognize the Trinity site and include New Mexicans who have suffered for decades.
I met with the nominee to lead the troubled Department of Veterans Affairs this week, and I believe Robert McDonald – an Army veteran and the retired CEO of Procter & Gamble – is the right man for the job. His military service and management experience are exactly what we need to transform the VA so we can make sure we’re providing our veterans with the medical care and other benefits they have earned. http://1.usa.gov/1pgQHIb
Join me in sending Danny a card and wishing him a very happy 6th birthday today! Birthday cards can be mailed to: Danny Nickerson, P.O. Box 212, Foxboro, MA 02035.  #CardsForDanny 
