Thank you Miles the BatKid for being so courageous!  http://bit.ly/1bApUQV
My thoughts are with all the victims of Typhoon Haiyan and the hundreds of thousands of survivors in the Philippines who are struggling to access clean drinking water, food and medical care in the aftermath of this terrible tragedy.  Californians know all too well what it means to be struck by a natural disaster. Now, in the wake of this devastating typhoon, many are asking what they can do to help with the rescue and recovery efforts  in the Philippines. I encourage anyone who wants to help the millions of people affected by the typhoon to visit whitehouse.gov/typhoon for information on how you can provide assistance to disaster relief organizations.
We must fight terrorism while also protecting our freedoms. Domestic surveillance programs need more transparency.
I’m proud to #ActForWomen.   Every woman in America deserves the freedom to plan their own families, make their own health care decisions and access essential, quality women’s health care services. We need to act now to guarantee women have that freedom. -TB
Happy Friday! Heard of Bitcoin? Want to know more? Join us Monday afternoon for a hearing as we try to do just that.
 
 Beyond Silk Road: Potential Risks, Threats, and Promises of Virtual Currencies – More info here: http://1.usa.gov/1hqQJfE
There's still time to get to Buffalo Wild Wings in Dover to donate food at the annual Turkey Drive, which supports the Food Bank of Delaware. I stopped by today to deliver turkeys and food.
Since 1997, communities across our country have come together on November 15th to observe America Recycles Day and share in their commitment to recycling.  To me, today is a time when we can all think about what we are doing to be better stewards of the environment and grow our economy by supporting recycling industries throughout the country. I invite you all to join me in making recycling a part of your daily routine. Together, our small actions can have a huge impact. http://youtu.be/fJv8SurDB7A
Thank you to the Marines and the dedicated workforce at Boeing in Ridley Park for making such operations possible.
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! The one with the most likes on November 22 will be used as our cover photo until the end of the year. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
While many of our global competitors have clear national industrial policies, the U.S. government does not have a coordinated strategy for supporting America’s manufacturers. Senators Coons and Kirk have introduced a bill to change that.
“The production and use of biofuels that are grown and developed right here at home helps our economy and increases our national security by lessening our dependence on foreign oil. I am frustrated and disappointed that the EPA has lowered the volume of renewable fuels required in our overall fuel supply.” -Joe
Representatives of the Little Star Center in Carmel and Autism Speaks met yesterday with Senator Joe Donnelly.
Monica from Ruidoso and Fernando from Santa Fe representing New Mexico well at the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association luncheon today.
Speaking at the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association roundtable today. Proud of the work these young professionals do every day to strengthen their communities.
Great to see the men and women of the North Dakota National Guard on my visit today, including SSG Michael Cantlon and SPC Alexander Johnson, both of Bismarck. The North Dakota Army National Guardsmen currently on mission in Washington, DC are doing incredibly important work to keep our country safe, and I couldn’t be more proud of them, their families and their employers. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=cf40f773-6f49-40f5-bac1-01b5b14ca9db
Congratulations to Arlene Schelling for submitting the winning photograph for my Facebook cover photo contest. I'm so impressed with the strong interest from North Dakotans all across the state and the beautiful photographs they submitted for this contest. Thank you to everyone who participated.  I will continue to seek the input of North Dakotans in all I do, from photo contests to the issues that matter most to them. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d431bf37-efd9-4443-bd03-7a6b22208cee
At a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, we examined the costs of across-the-board spending cuts – known as sequestration – in Indian Country. We absolutely need to reduce our deficit, but we can’t do it by slashing support for struggling families – including health care, housing and education in Indian Country.  The across-the-board cuts are making the situation more devastating, as it is now more difficult to help Native American families across North Dakota and the country get the support they need to feed their families. We have a moral obligation and treaty responsibility to make sure Indian Country has crucial services, and by subjecting those services to arbitrary cuts, we are failing to live up to that commitment.  http://1.usa.gov/1aIi8jw
When I was first elected to represent Maryland in the Senate, I served with only one other woman – Nancy Kassebaum (R-Kan.). Nancy was so welcoming, offering tips & insights into navigating the Senate – a tradition I continue today as Dean of 20 Senate women. We always agreed it wasn’t about gender, it was about having an agenda. Few senators have left such a mark as Nancy – a dedicated public servant who put people above politics.
NA
NA
I invite you to participate in the “Insuring” Healthy Futures for Women & Students event on Wednesday, November 20, 2013, at the UNLV Thomas & Mack Board Room starting at 1:30 pm. This event is being hosted by my Las Vegas office, UNLV Student Wellness, the UNLV Jean Nidetch Women’s Center, Community Services of Nevada, and the Las Vegas Urban League. 
 
 At this event, you can learn about new health insurance options available to you and get started with enrollment on Nevada Health Link, the Silver State’s new health insurance marketplace. While this event will provide some information that women and students may find especially helpful, the event is open to all Nevadans, and we welcome anyone with questions about new health insurance coverage options. 
 
 To RSVP, please email HealthyFuture@reid.senate.gov or contact my Las Vegas office at 702-388-5020.
In case you missed it: Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor last night to call for passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act which would help address the military sexual assault crisis. To read her remarks click here: http://1.usa.gov/17yY7RS
Tonight, the United States Senate passed Senator Schatz’s resolution expressing the United States’ support for the Philippines and the victims of Typhoon Yolanda.   “The United States and the Philippines share a special bond rooted in strong cultural and historical ties between our two countries. The Philippines is a resilient nation and a true American ally, and they need our help.  Typhoon Yolanda was reportedly the strongest storm ever to make landfall in recorded history – sweeping away almost everything in its path.  Although the storm is over, our work has just begun.” - BES  Yesterday, Schatz spoke on the Senate floor, describing the devastation in the Philippines, the U.S. government’s response efforts, and called on viewers to make donations to help survivors.   For resources on how to locate loved ones in the Philippines or to help with the relief effort, please visit our online resource center linked below.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=348037
I took strong steps to protect Montana’s family farmers and producers from burdensome regulations in the food safety modernization law, but the FDA’s proposed rules are ignoring my law’s intent.  Click SHARE to spread the word and let folks know they can get more info and comment at: http://1.usa.gov/17wClZx
When Congress negotiated sequestration, we hoped to protect the most vulnerable individuals in our nation, but in Indian Country, we fell woefully short of that goal. Today I discussed the damaging impact sequestration cuts are having on our tribal communities during a hearing of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs.   You can watch my full statement here:
Honored to connect with Virginia veterans and veterans employment organizations at a Commonwealth Coffee yesterday. Grateful for their service.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
Great to host first #VaScience Summit today – fostering collaboration between Virginia’s smartest folks to create jobs & boost innovation.
