According to MSNBC, Tammy's historic Senate victory was one of the "Top Dem moments of 2012." Tammy will officially become a United States Senator when she is sworn in tomorrow at noon.  We all had a hand in that victory, and we all deserve a share of the credit. But it's important to remember: There is still work to be done. Tammy's efforts for the middle class families of Wisconsin have just begun -- and we need to stand with her all the way! http://bit.ly/XjKkc0
Ben- As of Jan 1 2013 many new life and cost saving provisions of the Affordable Healthcare Act went into effect. These provisions help everyone. Many previsions specifically make preventive healthcare a possibility for women who previously would have been denied. Below are just some of the new benefits, please take a moment to read more about the ACA.        •	Well-woman visits  •	Breastfeeding support, supplies, and counseling •	Contraceptive methods and counseling •	Screening and counseling for domestic partner violence •	Screening for gestational diabetes •	Counseling for sexually transmitted infections, including HIV  •	Screening for HIV •	DNA testing for high-risk strains of HPV
Ben- Disappointed the House leadership walked away from voting on the bipartisan Sandy relief bill passed in the Senate. All up and down the East Coast and right here in Maryland there are people who need help now.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=CuvvjuZ_L_w
Follow Joe from the beginning. “Like” Joe on Facebook to receive the latest video, photos, and news on Sen-elect Donnelly and his promise to put Hoosier values back in Washington.
NA
I’m glad the fiscal cliff deal prevents a tax increase for 98 percent of Americans and extends important unemployment insurance for 2 million people--including 362,000 Californians  I am hopeful this strong bipartisan vote will set a trend of more cooperation in the new year.
Wishing you a happy and safe 2013!
Comments Of Senator Patrick Leahy
 On The Passing Of Bishop Moses Anderson
 Wednesday, Jan. 2, 2013
 
 [Bishop Moses B. Anderson, retired auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of Detroit, died on Jan. 1.  He had been living in Livonia, Mich.  Bishop Anderson and U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont became lifelong friends while both were at Saint Michael’s College in Winooski, Vt.]
 
 “Bishop Moses Anderson and I became close friends at Saint Michael’s College, where I was an undergraduate student.  And after Marcelle and I married, he became a close friend of our family, even baptizing one of our children.  We were so proud when he escorted Marcelle as she accepted an honorary doctorate from St. Mike’s four years ago.
 
 “My parents and Marcelle’s parents also had a special bond with him, and we have nurtured our close friendship through the years.  We have so many memories and photographs of our families’ time together.  Losing him is like losing a member of our family.” 
 
 # # # # #
 
 Photo:  Marcelle and Patrick Leahy with Bishop Moses Anderson at Saint Michael’s College on May 14, 2009, when Bishop Anderson escorted Marcelle Leahy as she accepted an honorary doctorate degree.
Never before has this country walked away from its obligation to help Americans in the wake of a natural disaster, but today, the House Republican Leadership told New Jersey and New York to drop dead.  I cannot recall a congressional act to be so inconsistent with our core principle that we are the United States of America than the House Republican Leadership’s decision to kill a vote on the Sandy relief package.  The Senate voted to provide a reasonable relief package to the stricken region which is struggling to get back on its feet, but the indifference of the House callously jeopardizes peoples’ well-being.  In the few hours remaining in the 112th Congress, I call upon House Republicans to recognize their humanity over their partisanship. Help the thousands of Americans in our area who will be forced to brave the cold of winter without homes, their businesses, their jobs, right now.
As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I am deeply disappointed that the House failed to act last night on emergency relief for communities devastated by Super-Storm Sandy.   The bipartisan disaster assistance bill passed by the Senate provides resources to help recover and rebuild American lives and communities. It is long past time that communities in Maryland, New York, New Jersey and across the nation get the resources and support they need from their federal government. We’ve got businesses that need to restart and homes that need to be rebuilt. The TV cameras have left, but the compelling human need has not.  I am committed to helping the communities that were hit by Super-Storm Sandy. I will make enacting a supplemental bill an urgent priority in the new Congress.
More good news for the Liberty Memorial in Kansas City! The bill to establish a World War I Centennial Commission at the Liberty Memorial is headed to the President for his signature, after Claire struck a deal in the Senate to save the bill.
 
 More: http://mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1776
I invite all West Virginians to join Gayle and me tomorrow to celebrate the swearing-in of the 113th Congress at an open house reception in my Washington, D.C. office from noon - 3 p.m. Please visit my web site, manchin.senate.gov, for more details.
"My thoughts and prayers are with James Foley and the Foley family. I will continue to work closely with U.S. officials to do what we can to help bring him home." - JS
NA
Thanks to Harry Lichtman for this great picture of Durham, New Hampshire.
With a new year ahead of us, I look forward to a big, bipartisan and responsible plan to cut our debt and cut spending.
Hundreds of Virginia homeowners have been put through hell after building or repairing their homes with toxic drywall. Our bipartisan legislation should ensure that, in the future, more Virginians will not have to go through similar nightmares. This legislation helps make sure that unsafe drywall won’t be sold in the future, and that the manufacturers of tainted drywall will be held accountable.
Proud that the Blacksburg-Christiansburg-Radford metro area has been recognized as national leader for job creation.
