Watch Ben at his roundtable discussion on the #ACA live from Highlandtown. http://cs.pn/19Zsilc
Today I had the chance to hear from veterans looking for work at the delegation-hosted job fair. These men and women sacrificed for our country, and that is why we must provide them with opportunities and training so they can succeed when they return home.
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
Share this good news with your friends. Alorica has announced plans to hire 200 new workers for its Lafayette site.
Congratulations to Indiana-based Cummins Inc, Thor Industries, Inc., and Wabash National for being named three of the country’s top 50 manufacturers by IndustryWeek magazine. #GoodNews
Share this good news with your friends. USA TODAY and 24/7 Wall St. named Indiana the top state where “manufacturing still matters.”  Indiana has added manufacturing jobs at one of the fastest rates in the nation over the past several years, with year-over-year growth in manufacturing at or above 3.7% at the end of each of the past three years.
In Gary today, Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting a Job Seekers Workshop.  Come by, more information below:  Monday, August 12 9:00 AM – 1:00 PM CDT North Building; Ivy Tech Community College 1440 E 35th Ave Gary, Indiana
Do you know a person or organization who is improving the lives of foster and adopted children in North Dakota? If so, nominate them now through August 23rd for Angels in Adoption by following the link below. Too often, selfless acts in adoption go unrecognized, but the Angels in Adoption program aims to change that by highlighting the blessings in adoption that occur each day.
Today, I met with the Bismarck Lions Club to discuss how we need to get Washington working again, the importance of the Farm Bill, and other major issues that will be before the Senate.  It was a great event with even better company.
New Jersey = best state to raise your kids! 
 
 Based on a study on child well-being, the Garden State took top honors: http://on.today.com/17Pyd87 
 
 Share the photo below if you raised children in NJ and would encourage other people to do the same.
Check out the make your own wine table at the Wyoming County Fair and learn how they make that delicious #NYwine
Thrilled to join Pioneer employees in Perry in Wyoming County
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of Leo W. Fraser Jr. who passed away Friday. I had the pleasure of working with Leo during my time as a State Senator and Governor. Leo was a great friend to the people of New Hampshire and a principled public servant.
New Mexico is well-positioned to build on the cutting-edge research being done at our national labs, universities and military installations and turn it into high-tech jobs in communities across our state, but improved coordination between government and private enterprise is critical. That's why I was proud to host a conference at Santa Fe Community College (NM) this morning on how technology transfer is the key to New Mexico's future.   We brought together some of our state's sharpest minds to talk about how we can better facilitate public-private partnerships at the federal, state and regional level, and I also announced legislation to help create high-tech jobs and industries in New Mexico by streamlining the process for getting cutting-edge research and development from our state's universities and national labs to the marketplace.   From a new ultrasound technology that can be used to screen for breast cancer, to a device that tests for biotoxins, our labs and universities are already a launching pad for revolutionary new products. If we can harness that potential, our state can lead the nation in high-tech innovation. Click below to read more about the exciting opportunities #techtransfer can bring to New Mexico.
