I spoke on the Senate floor last night about the looming shutdown in federal transportation funding and why every American should be outraged by the Supreme Court’s decision in the #HobbyLobby case.
I voted against the Sportsmen’s bill because I believe it’s irresponsible for us to vote on any gun bill that does not address background checks or other reforms. At least 82 people were shot and 14 killed in Chicago over this past holiday weekend. So, first things first: let’s reduce gun violence. http://j.mp/1naN3jo
Ben and Senator  Tom Coburn will sit down with Stephanie Cutter and Newt Gingrich tonight on CNN's Crossfire.   Tune in 6:30PM ET.
Today at 10:30AM Ben will chair a Subcommittee on Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs hearing entitled "Combating Forced Labor and Modern-Day #Slavery in East #Asia And The #Pacific"  Witness include-   The Honorable Scot Marciel Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs U.S. Department of State  Mr. Luis CdeBaca Ambassador-at-Large for the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons U.S. Department of State  Ms. Neha Misra Senior Specialist, Migration & Human Trafficking Solidarity Center  Mr. Jesse Eaves Senior Policy Advisor for Child Protection World Vision USA  http://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/combating-forced-labor-and-modern-day-slavery-in-east-asia-and-the-pacific-07-08-14a
For the second year in a row Dewey Beach has been named a Superstar Beach by the National Resources Defense Council.  Share this post if you've lived the Dewey Beach way of life sometime in the last two years.
Congratulations to the @WSJ on their 125 years! #WSJ125
Senator Coons answered letters from Delawareans in a new installment of the "Correspondence from the Commute" video series filmed on the train from Wilmington this morning. Watch this interview with Comcast Newsmakers’ Jill Horner to learn more about his work to serve and respond to concerns from Delawareans. And look out for a new batch of "Correspondence" videos coming soon!
“It doesn’t get much more common sense than creating more American jobs in a fiscally responsible way, which is exactly what the Export-Import Bank does. With the clock ticking, Congress needs a dose of Hoosier common sense, and should move swiftly to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank.” –Joe’s op-ed in The Hill advocating for reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank in order to continue assisting Indiana and American businesses export goods and services around the world.
“As your U.S. senator, I want you to know I am willing to partner with others in any collaborative effort to make our communities safer...There are ways we can all work together to reduce crime. I’m working on providing resources to assist law enforcement in acquiring the tools and personnel needed to keep our communities safe, funding grants for community coalitions to put together long-term strategies to address violent crime, and supporting programs to fight the drug use and abuse epidemics.” –Joe’s Indianapolis Star op-ed this morning on the importance of working together to keep our neighborhoods safe.
Senate Intelligence Committee today approved legislation to curb dangerous cyber attacks.
Shipping oil by rail is a critical public safety issue. Read more in the Los Angeles Times:
Summer plans? From mountain biking to rock climbing to hiking, the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument has much to offer right here in our backyard. 
83% of recent college graduates in North Dakota have some form of student loan debt – the most of any state. I’ve been working in the Senate to pass a bill to help students refinance their student loan debt. And the Bank of North Dakota has a program to help students consolidate their loans to make monthly payments more manageable, which could be a model for other states. Learn more about the program below.
North Dakota will receive nearly $400,000 in federal funds for local conservation and outdoor recreation projects. These new funds will help make sure conservation and outdoor activities, like the Dakota Badlands to the Pembina River Gorge near Walhalla, are maintained and protected for our kids and the many North Dakotans who enjoy spending time outdoors in our beautiful state for generations to come.
Nearly $1.5 million in federal funds were awarded to Northland Healthcare Alliance to continue implementing its rural elderly care program and the University of North Dakota School of Nursing to continue incentivizing diversity in the nursing workforce. These funds will help Northland Healthcare Alliance continue its great work of giving participants, families, and caregivers more health care options and choices. The funds will also enable UND to expand its already extraordinary nursing program by incentivizing more students from a variety of backgrounds to become nurses. 
This Thursday, July 10th, a member of my staff will host Kaine Connects office hours at the Department of Social Services Building in Portsmouth. My staff will be available from 10:00 AM – 12:00 PM. Click here for details on how to RSVP and for information on upcoming Kaine Connects: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
In the latest of his new series of Senate Floor speeches urging that the United States join the international treaty banning anti-personnel landmines, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday welcomed the policy shift announced on June 27 by President Obama, putting the nation on a path to eventually join the Ottawa Treaty.  Leahy also rebutted the few but vocal congressional critics who have reflexively opposed the new movement toward enrolling in the treaty.  Leahy has long been the leading U.S. officeholder in the landmine ban effort, pressing the issue with every president since Bill Clinton.  In March, Leahy began these regular speeches on the Senate Floor, 'with an intended audience of one,' to publicly urge the President to join the treaty.
If the Senate is going to spend a week debating gun policy, it should be on reducing gun violence. Period. Stop.
The full-report will be released tomorrow at www.mccaskill.senate.gov.
Here are 15.4 million reasons to #RaiseTheWage:
Substance abuse has ravaged West Virginia, and the local production and abuse of methamphetamine has only added to the epidemic. I applaud CVS’s commitment to terminating local sales of single-ingredient pseudoephedrine products. This move will undoubtedly help curb the growth of meth labs and meth abuse in our state.    Read more: http://www.wvgazette.com/article/20140707/GZ01/140709584/1419#sthash.quEqx2fh.dpuf
Did you know skin cancer is the most common form of cancer in the United States?  It’s also preventable.  That’s why I’m teaming up with the Rhode Island Department of Health and the Comprehensive Cancer Center at Rhode Island Hospital this summer to spread the word on skin cancer prevention and detection.  Together, we launched the “Sun Smarts” campaign, offering free skin cancer screenings at local beaches around the state this summer.  Our goal is to help catch cases of skin cancer in their earliest, most treatable stages and educate the public about effective sun protection.  For more information and a schedule for free screenings, check out: http://www.scribd.com/doc/232893671/Schedule-for-Skin-Cancer-Screenings-at-RI-Beaches-2014
I met with Julian Castro, nominee to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, to talk about the importance of affordable housing in Nevada.
Happy Birthday @WSJ & congrats on 125 years! #WSJ125
Western New York’s veterans, and their families, deserve to have a national cemetery that is close to home, bucolic, and imbued with significance. This beautiful site, named after ‘Wild Bill’ Donovan, and less than an hour away from both Buffalo and Rochester, would be just that. 
Affordable child care is a necessity for working families and our economy as a whole. Today Senator Shaheen introduced the Helping Working Families Afford Child Care Act to address the rising costs of child care and help working parents afford it  so they can get to work and support their families.   Read about it at the link below. 
Accessing these lands is our birthright, and this bill delivers on the centuries-old promise to preserve our outdoor heritage.  By passing this bipartisan legislation, we will help ensure future generations get to experience the natural wonders that were passed down to us.
Good to be with Southeastern New Mexico veterans and community members to cut the ribbon at the new VA CBOC in Artesia. I've been working hard to make sure veterans can get the care they have earned in the communities where they live, and I'm going to continue pressing the Senate to pass my bipartisan Rural Veterans Improvement Act to improve access to health care. I'm also very proud to support the work that members of the Southeastern New Mexico Veterans Transportation Network are doing, driving rural veterans hundreds of miles so they can get to doctors' appointments.
I’m pleased the Senate Intelligence Committee included my amendment to require a comprehensive report on cybercrime in its bipartisan cybersecurity legislation. Cybercrime is a significant economic and national security threat to the United States, accounting for as much as $120 billion in economic and intellectual property losses each year. It is essential that we take meaningful steps now to defend against this threat and improve our capability to do so.
Pleased the Senate voted to move forward on the bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act. This is a good step for Virginia’s outdoor economy: will create jobs, improve access to hunting and fishing, and preserve wildlife habitat.   Photo credit: Richard Aylor
