A new CDC survey shows that teen e-cigarette use TRIPLED in 3 years. We must ban e-cig marketing to kids, and that’s why I am pushing legislation to do just that. Nicotine is dangerous, especially for our children.
Pleased the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee passed our bipartisan Hermosa Creek Bill, which would protect more than 100,000 acres of the Hermosa Creek Watershed. The bill represents consensus among community leaders throughout Southwest Colorado to balance land use and preservation. Looking forward to working with Congressman Scott Tipton to ensure Congress quickly passes this bill before the end of the year.
There are more than 100,000 children in our nation’s foster care system—1,158 in Connecticut—waiting to be adopted. Organizations like Voices for Adoption are doing important advocacy work to promote safe and permanent adoptions.   For #NationalAdoptionMonth, the Candelora family from Connecticut is being featured for opening their hearts and home by fostering and adopting children in need of a loving family. Read their story, and share: http://j.mp/1zQ8Tzu #vfa #adoptionproject
Judge Edgar Silver was laid to rest today. He was a loyal friend, valued mentor and trusted adviser, not only to me but also to my family for many years. Judge Silver was well known for possessing a sharp legal and legislative mind. He was equally renowned for having an incredibly kind heart.   I am thankful that the countless people who appeared before Judge Silver on the Municipal, District and Circuit Courts for Baltimore City were able to associate justice with such an empathetic and kind man.   Judge Silver was a giant in Maryland political circles but was still one of the most approachable and caring men I have ever met.
Keiffer J. Mitchell and his class from St. Paul's School visited The United States Capitol yesterday. Wishing them all the best.
We all rely on the U.S. Postal Service on a daily basis, as do 7 to 8 million jobs in America. But now the Postal Service needs Congress to act to allow it to build on its unique history and flourish again. Watch this whiteboard video where I explain what needs to be done.
Lane Evans made veterans’ concerns the cornerstone of his career.  While he served in Congress, there was no federal program for veterans that didn’t bear his mark. Renaming the Galesburg VA Clinic as the Lane A. Evans VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic is a fitting tribute to his lifetime of service. http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=37ee6cf0-8d39-4c4d-9740-0d34ef9a7386
On Veterans Day 2014, Joe participated in the Belzer Middle School Veterans Day Convocation in Indianapolis, the Veterans Day Council of Indianapolis Memorial Service at the Indiana War Memorial, and the South Grove Intermediate School Veterans Day Program in Beech Grove.
It was an honor to witness the dedication of the Veterans’ Remembrance Memorial at Brownsburg Community School Corporation this past weekend. -Joe
It's special places like the Columbine-Hondo that inspire us all to continue to work together to ensure our public lands are protected now and for generations to come. New Mexicans have a deep connection to the outdoors and benefit from the recreation, wildlife, water, and tourism opportunities that wilderness provide. I want to thank the community of northern New Mexico who has worked incredibly hard to permanently protect this area. Today marks an important step toward ensuring that happens.
New Mexicans have made it clear that they want to protect net neutrality. The Internet must remain open and conducive to free expression, innovation, and competition, not a tiered system based on financial relationships with Internet service providers. #NetNeutrality
This is a momentous breakthrough for space exploration.
Check out this story in the Dickinson Press about how the Senate planning to vote to approve the Keystone XL pipeline -- which has bipartisan support -- is a significant development and right step toward making the Senate work again.
Open enrollment is your chance to #GetCovered, and it’s only two days away. If you have questions, Access Health CT has answers. Check out their FAQs here: http://bit.ly/1xScngX
“Yesterday, I met with Harry Reid and told him I would not be supporting him for Minority Leader. I heard the voters of Missouri loud and clear. They want change in Washington. Common sense tells me that begins with changes in leadership.” - Claire
Congratulations to my good friend U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren. Our party – and our country – are stronger when we fight to make America work for working Americans.
Today, I casted my vote against the current Democrat Leadership because the people of West Virginia spoke loud and clear in last week’s elections for change. They voted for members of both parties to put aside partisan politics and start working together to vote on issues that are important to West Virginians and the American people. I have the utmost respect for Harry Reid, but I had hoped he would give all members of the caucus the opportunity to evaluate what led to the destructive gridlock in Washington and propose ways to modify our results to better connect with the American people. Unfortunately, we were not granted that opportunity, and I refused to vote for the status quo. As Congress moves forward to the 114th Congress, I promise to continue working with Democrats and Republicans to debate and vote on legislation that will help get this country back on track.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1b335f73-10d5-40cf-bf68-4bac66065ce7
My new leadership team and I intend to make it crystal clear to the middle class that we're fighting for them.
Incredible work by Manhattan DA Cy Vance to bring justice to so many in New York & across the country #endthebacklog
Last night, I let my Republican colleagues know that it’s time to wake up, do their homework, and be responsible on climate change. They can’t pretend it isn’t real. Watch the video of my full speech here: bit.ly/111pKjP
Pleased the House passed the Government Reports Elimination Act, which is a version of my bipartisan initiative with Senator Kelly Ayotte to eliminate or modify unnecessary, outdated, or duplicative reporting requirements for more than a dozen federal agencies. This is a simple but effective step towards cutting waste and improving efficiency in the federal government. I’m pleased Sen. Ayotte and I will partner together once again to target an additional 70 federal reports produced each year. http://1.usa.gov/1EzpQMQ
Senator Ed Markey and I have introduced a Senate resolution honoring Mayor Tom Menino and celebrating his lifetime of service to the City of Boston.
I just left the Senate Democrats caucus meeting, and I wanted you to know: Harry Reid has asked me to serve as Strategic Policy Advisor to the Democratic Policy and Communications Committee. That’s a fancy way of saying that I’ve been asked to join the Democratic leadership to advocate for policies that will help us build a strong middle class. Real change in Washington is tough, but we're going to keep fighting for what we believe in.
