Governor Walker’s new law restricts early voting rights for Wisconsin citizens. Join Tammy and fight back!
Small businesses form the backbone of our state and national economy. So for this year’s #SmallBusinessWeek, we’ve put together a business resource guide on Prezi to answer common questions like “how do I start a business” and "how do I raise capital?” This guide should provide a starting point for our state’s entrepreneurs and small businesses and help them access the state and federal resources available to plan, start, and grow their business.
I received this letter from a constituent and wanted to share. Sean and Troy are an inspiring pair. I hope you’ll watch their video and share their story:  "Dear Senator Blumenthal,  You watched my son Sean jump into the frigid cold water in East Haven CT for the Special Olympics Penguin Plunge and therefore, I thought you might enjoy watching this video clip. It tells a really nice story of 2 friends (Sean, and his friend and Unified partner Troy) who are going to the Special Olympics National Games in Princeton to represent CT in the first ever Unified Triathlon.  Enjoy. http://igg.me/at/sean-so-far/x"
#TBT: Harvard, circa 1967, a time when college was more affordable & graduates weren’t saddled with unreasonable debt. Student loan debt today has soared to over $1.2 trillion. We need to let borrowers refinance at lower rates to help give every American a #FairShot.
Whether it’s a silver bullet or a number of silver BBs, I’m willing to explore whatever mechanisms that will ensure congressional consensus to replenish the Highway Trust Fund and give states and businesses the long-term certainty they need. (Subscription required)
Making our veterans wait long periods of time to receive care is shameful.  They deserve better.  I have consistently pushed to hold the VA accountable by helping to establish the Senate Veterans Claims Backlog Working Group, by pushing the VA to address the Legionnaires’ outbreak in Pittsburgh and by urging the VA to ensure that there are no other secret waitlists. The VA must immediately begin to examine its management structure to ensure our veterans are receiving high quality and timely care. The VA has an obligation to provide prompt and top-notch care to the brave men and women that served our country.  Leadership at the VA has a responsibility to ensure management is held accountable. Secretary Shinseki should work expeditiously to conduct the review of the VA Health System and to publish any data on wait times at facilities across the country. 
PA Brewers are celebrating American Craft Beer Week. I'm working to pass the #SmallBREWAct which will help them grow, boost PA's economy. #ACBW
College should be a path to opportunity, not a life sentence of debt. I’m working to give more Americans a #fairshot at a quality education. #TBT http://instagram.com/p/oBRAysmCGM/
WATCH: Joe tells the story of Jacob Sexton, an Indiana National Guardsman from Farmland, who after taking his own life while on leave from Afghanistan in 2009, inspired Joe to work to end the growing tragedy of suicide among U.S. servicemembers.
Joe made good on his bet over the 2014 NCAA Women’s Championship Game today. He and Senator Coats gave Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy of Connecticut a basket of South Bend Chocolate Co. chocolates.
Yesterday, leaders of 10 national military and mental health organizations endorsed Senator Donnelly’s bipartisan Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. Hear what these groups have to say on the importance of Senator Donnelly’s legislation here.
San Diego fires are dangerous—stay safe, follow evacuation orders. I’m very concerned & continue to monitor situation.
Small businesses provide a foundation for our economy AND our community and deserve our support.
Great work being done at UC San Diego. This liver-like device removes toxins from blood, has the potential to save many lives. 
Keep an eye out for "Homegrown by Heroes", a new labeling program for food produced or grown by vets. More info here:
I am deeply honored to return to my alma mater this weekend to address the 2014 graduating class of Mizzou Engineering. 
When I became Attorney General, I formed a lasting bond with law enforcement officers throughout North Dakota, and their commitment, loyalty and service will stick with me every day. Our law enforcement officers wake up every morning, and put on a uniform that shows they are with us. These men  & women selfless serve and protect in order to make this nation a safer and better place for all of us. Today I went to the Senate floor to say thank you to all of our country’s law enforcement officers for the jobs you do every day – especially North Dakota’s officers, who I believe are the finest in the nation. http://1.usa.gov/1hOWcYG
Seven years ago, our country faced a housing crisis. But to this day, we have yet to heed the lessons of that disaster to make our housing finance system work better or to protect American taxpayers from another similar situation. We all agree that something needs to be done. Today, the Senate Banking Committee passed a good, bipartisan bill -- with my strong support -- that has been thoroughly debated by Senators on both sides of the aisle. It would finally take needed steps to reform our housing finance system so that it works better for North Dakota and American families. 
After bringing FAA Administrator Huerta to North Dakota last month and repeatedly pressing the agency to make needed investments in North Dakota’s airport infrastructure, it is great news that more than $17 million will be used to make improvements to the airports in Minot, Grand Forks, Devils Lake and Jamestown, and help with the construction of a new airport in Bowman.  
My first bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013, aimed to help servicemembers receive credentials for the skills they acquire through military training. Passage of key components of the Troop Talent Act in 2014 improved the credentialing process, but many servicemembers still struggle with paying for fees associated with acquiring these credentials.   Today, I'm proud to introduce the Credentialing Improvement for Troop Talent (CREDIT) Act of 2014, which builds on the Troop Talent Act by expanding military Tuition Assistance to cover credentialing expenses such as licensing fees, training materials and test fees. The CREDIT Act will ease servicemembers’ entry into the civilian workforce and improve their competitiveness in the private sector.
The FCC voted today to accept public comments on new net neutrality rules.  Senator Leahy appreciates that FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler is soliciting input on a range of approaches, including whether or not to reclassify broadband providers as so-called “common carriers.” But he has concerns about certain aspects of what the commission voted on today.  The most troubling aspect of Chairman Wheeler’s proposal is the possibility that new rules will allow broadband providers to charge websites, or applications, tolls for access to end-users.  Paid arrangements between providers and websites do not reflect open Internet principles, and Senator Leahy will not endorse any effort by the FCC to support those kinds of agreements.  He will be holding a Judiciary Committee field hearing in Vermont in the first week of July to hear more from Vermonters on this issue.  See the link below for Senator Leahy's full comment.   
#TBT My senior year at Mount Saint Agnes in Baltimore. Higher education should be part of the American dream, not a financial nightmare. In order for America to out-build and out-innovate the rest of the world, we must out-educate. As student loan debt exceeds $1 trillion, we must act to ensure the doors of higher education stay open for all.
Throwback Thursday: when my son was sworn into the U.S. Senate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS9YGwU-TvE
Today I joined my colleagues to call on the Department of Education to make sure its new rules crack down on career education programs that breed student debt without actually preparing them for a career. Students must come first.
Awesome selfie by Waterbury's Rick Mastracchio. Yesterday, Rick returned to Earth after his 6 month journey in space. Welcome home! You make Connecticut so proud http://wnpr.org/post/rick-mastracchio-ends-six-month-journey-space
This #TBT Claire found an old Mizzou law school graduation photo to serve as a reminder that without access to student loans she wouldn't have had the opportunity to get her degree. However, today more and more students are being saddled with unreasonable debt and rising interest rates. It’s important young students have the opportunity to borrow money at lower rates that allows them a #FairShot at getting the education they deserve.   Join Claire in calling for legislation to make college an affordable reality for every student who wants to continue their education.
All high school grads deserve a #FairShot at higher education. #TBT: Me in 1974 with high school diploma in hand and ready for college.
NA
We need effective, sustainable housing finance reform.  This is an incredibly complex issue and getting GSE reform right is absolutely critical.  Chairman Johnson and Ranking Member Crapo have done a commendable job in bringing forward the bipartisan proposal of Senator Warner and Senator Corker.       While this legislation has resulted from a conscientious and collaborative effort, I am still concerned it could drive up mortgage rates and borrowing costs, put taxpayers at risk, and give big banks an unfair advantage at the expense of consumers and smaller community lenders.     We need a system that is fair, stable, and resilient.  I have worked hard to put a stop to the deceptive and unsafe lending that contributed to the mortgage crisis.  But this proposal could actually make it harder for responsible, credit worthy middle-class families to secure a 30-year fixed mortgage.    We’ve made bipartisan progress strengthening regulatory oversight, but we need to do more.  We clearly need to move beyond Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  The status quo is unacceptable and we must move forward in a responsible way that protects taxpayers.    You wouldn’t buy a house without first carefully inspecting it and examining not just the architecture, but the plumbing and wiring.  So I will continue to look closely at the operational details of housing legislation, and I remain committed to working with Chairman Johnson, Ranking Member Crapo, Senators Corker and Warner, and our colleagues to strengthen our housing finance system.
#TBT to my West Point graduation in 1971.   Today’s students deserve a #fairshot at an affordable college education.   Hear more about my plans to improve college affordability and reduce student debt: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJnfwTokAbc
Let me state this plainly: No one should be able to pump unlimited funds into political campaigns, regardless of their party affiliation.   The Constitution does not give corporations a vote. And the Constitution does not give dollar bills a vote. Let's level the playing field for everyone.   The Senate will soon debate and vote on a constitutional amendment that curbs unlimited campaign spending.
Graduation should be a time to count your blessings- not the years til your loans are paid off #fairshot #tbt
Congratulations to Blake's All Natural Foods President Chris Licata who was recognized today as the 2014 New Hampshire Small Business Person of the Year by the U.S. Small Business Administration! Chris helped transform the family-owned Blake’s into a national company that’s fueling economic growth.   Please like to congratulate Chris on this achievement! #SBW2014
While two percent of students at non-profit schools in Hawai‘i default on their student loans, the default rate jumps up to 24 percent when it comes to for-profit schools.  Nationally, even though only one in ten students attend for-profit schools, students from for-profit schools account for nearly half of all student loan defaults.  Senator Schatz stood with students on Capitol Hill today, Assistant Majority Leader Dick Durbin, HELP Committee Chairman Tom Harkin, Senator Chris Murphy, and the Young Invincibles to call on the Department of Education to put in place stronger protections for students at for-profit colleges.  “A college education is supposed to be a path to opportunity, not a life of debt.” – BES
I’m getting the facts about the allegations surrounding the VA. Today, my Veterans’ Affairs Committee heard testimony from Secretary Shinseki and several veterans organizations about how to improve access to care.  I will always fight for America’s veterans because they earned the very best.
As we celebrate National Small Business week, I'm honored to recognize the over 150,000 small business owners across New Mexico, who create jobs and make up almost 96 percent of the state's employers. I'm also pleased to announce a new bill I've introduced to help build and strengthen New Mexico's small business community.    The Incentivize Growth Now In Tomorrow's Entrepreneurs (IGNITE) Act will help ease the challenge many entrepreneurs face accessing credit to pay the start-up costs associated with creating a small business. Entrepreneurs often resort to credit cards, home equity or their retirement savings to cover those initial costs. My bill would allow them to create tax-free savings accounts. For more about how this bill will help New Mexico small businesses, and more about the work I'm doing to help businesses expand, create jobs, and provide exciting new opportunities, please visit http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1661
As the FCC considers new net neutrality rules, I'm calling on the commissioners to protect free expression, competition and innovation online. I oppose adding Internet "toll lanes," which would drastically change the Web as we know it. I've heard from hundreds of you who want to ensure fair and open access, and I'm proud to be a cosponsor of S. 1981, "The Open Internet Preservation Act." As Chairman of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee, I'm going to continue pushing the FCC for a level playing field, and I will continue working to encourage broadband investment so people living in New Mexico can have equal access to the web and are not stuck in an Internet 'slow lane'.
