No one party has all the answers to the challenges facing America. We all need to work together -- Democrats and Republicans -- to build a better nation. At Superior Days in Madison, Tammy calls for bipartisan solutions: "One party can’t move our country forward, our state forward." http://www.tammybaldwin.com/?p=5249
Tammy says its time to put progress ahead of politics. Governor Walker is wrong to reject federal funding that would help expand health care access for Wisconsinites.
Today I met with some of the cadets from the United States Coast Guard Academy. I am so proud of their decision to serve our country and help protect our national security. America’s future is bright with leaders like these. If you’re interested in learning more about our outstanding military service academies, including the United States Coast Guard Academy, please visit my website site for more information. http://1.usa.gov/MhP5wn
Talking about a wide range of issues affecting our veterans and military personnel with the Pennsylvania American Legion.
Good discussion on fighting extreme poverty with PA members of the ONE Campaign. Thank you for your efforts.
Yesterday, Joe, Senator Dan Coats, and the rest of the Indiana congressional delegation met with Governor Mike Pence in Washington, D.C. where they discussed ways to bring bipartisan, common sense legislation back home to the Hoosier State.
The American people deserve a Congress that is willing to work together to get things done.  We are faced with the looming sequestration because lawmakers were unable to work with one another to find common ground on a broad initiative to get our fiscal house in order.  It is time for members of both parties to set politics aside and find ways to significantly reduce spending, close unnecessary tax loopholes, and better balance the budget.  Those are my priorities in any package moving forward. –Joe
I was honored to receive the Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life with U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham earlier today.
I will hold a Judiciary Committee hearing tomorrow on my assault weapons bill. It’s time to get weapons of war off our streets.
Secretary of the Interior nominee Sally Jewell and I met today in my office to discuss issues important to New Mexico. As an engineer and business executive, there’s no question that Sally has a keen knowledge of the nexus that exists between outdoor recreation and the economy—when one flourishes, so does the other. We had a productive conversation about protecting New Mexico’s special places. I shared with her that there is overwhelming community support to establish the Río Grande del Norte National Monument near Taos and the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument outside of Las Cruces. I was pleased to learn that she shares my commitment to increasing safe and accessible green spaces, and her understanding of the key role and stewardship the Department of Interior plays in honoring the commitments to our nation’s Indian tribes. I look forward to being actively involved in Sally’s confirmation process in the coming weeks.
Congrats to Senator Cantwell on being elected first female chair of the United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. Let's get to work!
Proud 2 join the bipartisan Senate Law Enforcement Caucus. Excited to work with co-chairs U.S. Senator Chris Coons & Senator Roy Blunt
From the National Indian Education Association summit. Will use seat on the United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs to improve Indian Country education
Discussed with Disabled American Veterans ways we can improve the lives of veterans.
At Senate Banking Executive Session this morning. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke will deliver his semiannual report to Congress. Watch live:
Enjoyed another chance to talk to the Morning Joe gang. I talked about my conversations with military personnel across Virginia and continued to advocate returning to an orderly budget process that would provide certainty for families and businesses in Virginia and across the country.
Senator Leahy met Tuesday with local farmers and representatives from UVM Extension and the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, to discuss Vermont agriculture.  “Lots to talk about these days, and we had a good visit.”
 
 From left to right in photo: Ray and Pam Allen of Allenholm Farm in South Hero, Sen. Leahy, Beth Kennett of Liberty Hill Farm in Rochester, and Dean Douglas Lantagne of the UVM Extension.
I was crushed to hear of the passing of longtime Stamford Democratic City Committee Chairwoman Ellen Camhi. Ellen was a leader not only in Stamford and the Democratic Party, but for our state and country. Her passion and relentless drive, particularly on education issues, helped improve kids’ lives and helped shape public policy for the better. She was a friend and we’ll miss her dearly.
Proud to cast my vote to confirm Sen. Hagel as Secretary of Defense today:
This morning, Claire met with two key veterans service organizations to thank them for their service and talk about the need to continue protecting Missouri’s veterans and their families. You can find pictures of her meetings with both Missouri members of Disabled American Veterans, and leaders from the American Legion on her Flickr page, at: http://bit.ly/13Rfw08 and http://bit.ly/ZGLPlG
Enjoyed meeting with folks from Providence Children’s Museum to discuss the educational and economic benefits of museums.
NA
The harsh arbitrary sequester budget cuts will significantly impair travel and tourism in Nevada by causing long security lines at Nevada airports and a potential reduction in air travel. Unfortunately, Republicans are standing in the way of a solution and would rather these cuts to happen than ask a single millionaire to pay a single dollar more in taxes.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Senate voted to confirm Secretary of Defense nominee Chuck Hagel:  “Chuck Hagel is a man who valiantly defended our country in Vietnam and will bring proven leadership skills and a strong record of service to the Pentagon.  I am pleased that the Senate confirmed his nomination this afternoon and am confident that he will be the type of strategic leader that our country needs promoting our national defense and protecting our troops.”
Senator Shaheen met with members of the New Hampshire American Legion to discuss issues facing veterans in the Granite State and across the country. (February 26. Washington, DC)
Senator Shaheen testified before the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Power today to provide expert insight into energy efficiency and renew her call for bipartisan, bicameral action on the issue as means to create jobs and save money for businesses and consumers.  She is pictured here with Senator Lisa Murkowski, who also testified. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/XendNh
This week I introduced a bipartisan bill that requires all Senate candidates to file their campaign finance reports online so folks can see them right away. LIKE this post if you agree voters have a right to know who is funding our elections so they can hold candidates accountable.
Yesterday I was honored to receive Pancreatic Cancer Action Network's Congressional Champion of Hope Award for my work on the Recalcitrant Cancer Research Act. It was moving to hear from so many of the Rhode Island families who have been affected by these deadly cancers. Many thanks to Rhode Island Hospital for hosting!
Senator Warner has consistently highlighted the devastating impact that sequestration would have on our defense industry and national security. Today, at a Senate Budget Committee Hearing, he noted that its impact would extend far beyond defense to areas like food safety and medical research.   Senator Warner described the proposed sequester cuts as “Stupid on steroids…When we look at this top-line number, we look at it as if it’s a rational set of cuts, when in effect this was set up to be the most irrational. No rational group of folks would allow this to happen, yet we’re three days from allowing it.”
According to a Bloomberg News study, the big banks are subsidized about $83 billion a year in free insurance because they can receive government bailouts if they get in trouble. Today I asked Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke: Why isn't Wall Street paying back taxpayers for being too big to fail?
