Excited to announce Cankdeska Cikana Community College and Turtle Mountain Community College received a total of more than $2.8 million in federal funding to help train Native men and women for new careers in health care professions. Native families need the same opportunities all of us do to grow up healthy and strong. A key piece to making sure that happens is enabling communities to have trained health care professionals to provide necessary services. These funds will help implement educational programs in Indian Country, and set folks on the road to success with exciting new careers that will create lasting and positive impacts for their own lives and those of Native families throughout North Dakota.
I'll be on CNN State of the Union with Candy Crowley tomorrow morning (9am & 12pmEST). Topic tomorrow is ISIL. Hope you'll tune in. sotu.blogs.cnn.com 
It's only appropriate we tip our caps to the #Royals for clinching a playoff berth. It has been far too long.
You can see clear to the Catskills today from the Taconic Parkway Scenic Overlook in Ghent #NYtownoftheday
"The Big Island is saying goodbye to State Legislator and County Councilman Bob Herkes who recently passed away.  Bob was a straight spoken and steadfast advocate for the Hawaii consumer.  He had a deep understanding of business and an even deeper compassion for people, especially his fellow Big Islanders.  Legislators constantly sought Bob's opinion and advice because he valued the facts and was a true problem solver.  Aloha Bob.  You will be deeply missed." - BES
Photos from my field hearing in Sidney on challenges and solutions in the Bakken   
NA
When regulators care more about protecting big banks from accountability than they do about protecting the American people from risky and illegal behavior on Wall Street, it threatens our whole economy. We learned this the hard way in 2008. Congress must hold oversight hearings on the disturbing issues raised by yesterday's whistleblower report when it returns in November - because it's our job to make sure our financial regulators are doing their jobs.
