Cardin Calls On Treasury/IRS To Quickly Provide Legally Married Same-Sex Couples With Clear Guidance On Tax Rules   U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee which has oversight responsibility for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), has written to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel urging them to promptly resolve questions and clarify tax guidelines for legally married same-sex couples, and those in legal civil unions. Since the June 26 Supreme Court decision in United States v. Windsor, same-sex couples who hold a valid marriage license issued by a U.S. state or a foreign country are now considered married under federal law and each party to such a marriage is considered a spouse wherever that term is found in the Tax Code.   Follow the link to continue reading.  http://alturl.com/ohtf6   Human Rights Campaign
Very proud to partner with the Baltimore City Fire Department
I’m working to ensure prison guards have the resources they need to stay safe.
It’s critically important we ensure law enforcement has the resources it needs.
NA
This week, Senator Donnelly’s office will host Senior Wise Seminars in Fort Wayne and Lafayette.  At the seminars, seniors will have the opportunity to meet with representatives from federal agencies and other community organizations to discuss general healthcare services and various in-home programs available to seniors.    To sign-up for a seminar, email Donnelly_Events@Donnelly.Senate.Gov.  Tuesday, August 20, 2013 Senior Wise Seminar – Fort Wayne 10:30 – 11:30 AM EDT Milo Troyer Conference Room Aging and In-Home Services of Northeast Indiana 2927 Lake Avenue Fort Wayne, Indiana   Wednesday, August 21, 2013 Senior Wise Seminar – Fort Wayne 11:00 AM – 12:00 PM EDT The Center @ Jenks Rest 1915 Scott Street  Lafayette, Indiana
Spoke today at the 17th annual Tahoe Summit on the need to restore and protect Lake Tahoe Basin for future generations.
Just as our servicemembers fought for us on the battlefield, it’s our duty to make sure they get the care they deserve when the return home. Today’s opening of the new, state-of-the-art operating room at the Fargo VA is renewing that commitment to our veterans, and again thanking them for their service by making sure they get the most updated, top-notch care.
Glad to see the completion of the Enbridge’s pipeline expansion and new loading facility today.  These developments will aid in North Dakota’s all-of-the-above energy policy by increasing the barrels per day of transport capacity and allowing Bakken crude to reach markets previously unavailable. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=343e7f7d-eb62-4f1c-bf24-232849d8cea2
As summer reading season nears an end, here’s a list of acclaimed authors from the Garden State: http://huff.to/17jgjZa
 
 I have to admit: I knew some of these writers were from NJ, but not all of them.
 
 Do you have a favorite NJ author?
I appreciate today's update of the facts from NTSB’s independent review of horrific July crash on Maryland's Bay Bridge and applaud commitment to get to the bottom of it. I asked the NTSB to conduct an investigation after hearing the concerns of many Marylanders who cross the Bay Bridge.  This time of year, Maryland families are crossing the Bay Bridge for vacations on the Eastern Shore. Others travel the bridge daily commuting to and from work. No matter your destination, everyone should feel safe crossing the bridge.   I look forward to the NTSB’s recommendations to ensure the bridge is the safest it can possibly be for everyone so that these type of accidents don’t happen again.
NA
Be sure to read this story in the National Journal for a closer look at my tour last week on jobs in West Virginia.  http://bit.ly/14Pqkfl
NA
Senator Manchin participated in a roundtable discussion on the state of the economy with local business leaders in Beckley.
My good friend Al Gore at Lake Tahoe summit calling on Tahoe to lead the global conversation on sustainability and become a model on how to address global warming. Lake Tahoe is up to the challenge!
Attention New York coastal residents and businesses: the Hurricane Sandy Task Force released its #RebuildingStrategy today. Read more:
This morning Senator Shaheen spoke at a forum on clean jobs at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at St. Anselm College in Manchester.  In her remarks, Senator Shaheen specifically highlighted her energy efficiency legislation which will create jobs, save taxpayers and consumers money, and protect our environment by reducing pollution.
Senator Schatz is excited to announce the launch of a new Hawai`i high school internship program known as “Schatz Seniors”.  This is a unique opportunity for students to learn about the legislative process and the issues concerning our state.  Hawai`i high school seniors interested in serving as 2013-14 interns can apply by filling out the application linked below and mailing it to our Honolulu office.  For more information, please call (808) 523-2061 or email seniors@schatz.senate.gov. #SchatzSeniors
“Hawai‘i’s tremendous network of community health centers provide access to affordable, quality care to thousands of families across our state,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “Thank you to staff, providers, and patients at the Moloka‘i Community Health Center, Waimanalo Health Center, Kokua Kalihi Comprehensive Family Services, and Waianae Coast Comprehensive Health Center for taking time to discuss with me the successes and obstacles that each facility faces.”
Enjoyed joining St. Rocco's church members as they celebrated their annual feast & festival this weekend.
