"At a time when Hoosiers are trying to get back to work and take care of our families, Congress’ inability to work together is making it so much more difficult. Congress is not helping and is actually hindering job creation and economic growth.   "Madam President, this is no way to run a country.  I stand ready to work with anyone in a common sense way out of this train wreck. We must find a way to stop hurting the economy and to actually help the people who have made this country such a great place." -Joe
Just cancelled a trip to Albuquerque, Santa Fe, and Clovis (Cannon AFB) so I can continue working to reopen the government. Let’s hope cooler heads prevail and we can end the shutdown ASAP. It’s really not that complicated.  We have the votes to pass a clean, non-partisan government funding bill through both the House and Senate, but the Speaker refuses to schedule a vote on it.   If you want to understand the thinking that led to this debacle, read this quote from Representative Phil Gingrey, a Tea Party leader and Georgia Senate Candidate: “There’s some pain and suffering, but I don’t think that pain and suffering compares one bit to being stuck with of Obamacare…”  We have a constitutional duty to fund the government.  Senator Ted Cruz, Rep. Bachman, Rep Gingrey, and even our own Rep. Steve Pearce can all join hands and repeal Obamacare when they have the votes, but they don’t get to use hostage politics as a substitute for basic math.
NA
Before our government shut down, Washington unanimously agreed to make sure paychecks go out to our service members and those who dedicate their lives to protect us each and every day. It's simply not fair and not right that the National Guard and Reserves and other civilians who also work on our national security have been furloughed and are forced to stay at home without receiving their paychecks. I am encouraged that so many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have swiftly come together to make this wrong a right. I thank the many West Virginia Guardsman and women, and their families, who contacted me about this issue: your voice matters.  Please read the letter 49 of my colleagues and I sent to the Department of Defense here: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=39905a2c-b2bc-4fe9-aca6-70887620c71e
I have decided to donate the salary I receive during this senseless government shutdown to the Save the Children charity in West Virginia. Gayle and I have focused on making sure all kids get a great start in life and we have worked to try to ensure all children receive the best educational opportunities available, proper health care and a safe and loving environment wherever their homes are in West Virginia. To read more about Save the Children in West Virginia, see link below. http://uscenter.savethechildren.org/About%20Us%20Documents/West%20Virginia.pdf
Today, my thoughts are with Brian Carter, a 23-year veteran of the Capitol Police force. Brian was injured during the incident yesterday at the Capitol. When I spoke to him over the phone, he told me he'll be fine. He also said, "The only thing I do every day is to make sure you and everyone who works up here is safe.”
 
 My colleagues and I are wearing these buttons to honor the service of the Capitol Police. The organization is full of wonderful people like Brian.
 
 Right now, they are working without pay. We must re-open the government to ensure our law enforcement officials here and around the country are being compensated for their work.
We are now four days into a completely unnecessary, completely avoidable Republican shutdown. Now that the House Republicans have shut down the government - holding the country hostage because of some imaginary government health care boogey man – Republicans almost immediately turned around and called on us to start reopening parts of our government.   Why do they do this? Because the boogey man government is like the boogey man under the bed – it’s not real. It doesn’t exist. What is real – what does exist – are all of those specific, important things that we as Americans have chosen to do together through our government. In our democracy, government is not some make believe thing that has an independent will of its own.  In our democracy, government is just how we describe all of the things that “we the people” have already decided to do together.   Watch my speech on the Senate floor yesterday about why government matters.
