***Breaking U.S. Senate Democrats were joined by 10 Republicans in passing the historic Employment Non-Discrimination Act (#ENDA). The bill, S. 815 would prohibit employment discrimination based on #sexualorientation and #gender identity. Senator Cardin is a cosponsor of ENDA and has been in previous Congressional sessions.   “I’m proud to join my colleagues in supporting this important legislation that protects all Americans against discrimination in the workplace regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. I urge the House of Representatives to move quickly and provide final approval of ENDA so that it can be signed into law. We should leave no doubt that Congress is united against discrimination in any form.   “Passage of #ENDA will reinforce U.S. leadership around the world and help support the #LGBT community in places like #Russia, #Africa and some countries in #Europe that have taken discriminatory actions to marginalize lesbians, gays, and those who, because of their sexual orientation or gender identity, have been discriminated against. #America's core values are based upon equal rights for all, and that is what passage of ENDA means to our citizens and people around the world. It’s also a powerful tool to boost our #economy. If we are going to be able to adequately compete globally, we need to #empower all of the people of this country. We can't leave anyone behind.”
Are you following Ben on Twitter? Stay up to date on what's going on the Senate Floor and across Maryland by following @SenatorCardin
Today, I was proud to join 63 of my Senate colleagues to pass #ENDA. Discrimination in the workplace is wrong, and, as a cosponsor of this legislation, it is my strong belief that all Americans deserve equal protection under the law, regardless of sexual orientation.  I urge my colleagues in the House to do the right thing: http://1.usa.gov/17baoGv
I am grateful for today’s bipartisan Senate vote to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. A recent JEC report indicated that more than one in five LGBT employees have experienced workplace discrimination. That is completely unacceptable.  Workers should be judged on the quality of the job they do, nothing more, nothing less. I urge Speaker Boehner to bring this bill to allow an up or down vote on this bill in the House floor before the end of the year.
Today the Senate took a historic step toward creating a more fair and just America.  Passing the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ensures that every employee in every state is judged not on who they are or who they love, but on the quality of their work. I’m proud to be a longtime supporter of ENDA and to represent a state that was at the forefront of providing these kinds of workplace protections a decade ago.
Great to catch up with Fargo native and Truman Scholar, Grant Hauschild today. Proud to have him represent our great state.
Help me pick the winner of my Facebook cover photo contest. All you have to do is like or comment on your favorite photos and on November 15, I will choose a winner from the ones with the most feedback. Take a minute, browse through the album, and tell your friends.
Proud to have voted for the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which the Senate passed today. Growing up, our parents teach us to ‘treat others as you wish to be treated,’ and it’s a credo that so many of us pass along to our children. Yet, sadly, we have failed to truly live up to this principle, as we have turned a blind eye to discrimination in the workplace against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals across the country. All Americans, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity, deserve to be protected from discrimination in the workplace. But for far too long, in many states, it has been legal for companies to fire, deny a promotion, or fail to respond to harassment in the workplace purely because of someone’s sexual orientation or how they identify themselves. We should all have a right to earn a living free from harassment and discrimination. And we should be judged on our qualifications and how we perform in our jobs – nothing else. Today’s vote is an important step forward, and I hope the House takes up the same call for fairness.
With today's passage of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, the Senate affirmed with bipartisan support that workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation will not be tolerated. This important legislation will ban employers from denying job opportunities to LGBT employees, subjecting them to harassment, or firing them just for being themselves. My first act as Governor was to sign an executive order banning discrimination against state employees based on race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, political affiliation, veteran status or disability, and today I am proud to join a bipartisan majority of my Senate colleagues to continue the fight for equal treatment of all Americans.
Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) spoke online Wednesday with fourth-grade students from Barre Town Elementary School from his office on Capitol Hill.   The students covered a range of issues during their discussion with Leahy, asking him about the legislative process and even what is his favorite movie.
[BREAKING] Senate Passes Employment Non-Discrimination Act by a vote of 64 to 32.
Very glad the Senate voted to end LGBT discrimination in the workplace but we are only halfway there.    
 
 This bill deserves to be voted on in BOTH houses of Congress. Tell your House Reps you think everyone should be equal under the law.
NA
NA
Hosting a Google hangout at 5:15pm on the ACA & need to pass ENDA. Post your questions below and I'll answer as many as I can live at 5:15pm. Tune in here: http://bit.ly/HAtyPI
Claire, who led the effort to reform management of Arlington National Cemetery during her first Senate term, will introduce legislation to the National Defense Authorization Act giving the Pentagon a one-year deadline to address systemic mismanagement in its efforts to recover and identify personnel that are prisoners of war or missing in action (POW/MIA).  An investigation by the Government Accountability Office revealed that POW/MIA recovery efforts were woefully mismanaged and that the Pentagon was not likely to meet the goal of identifying 200 POW/MIA per year by 2015.
The Senate stood strong today for fairness and equality #ENDA
My view as I walked out of the Senate today. Good omen for ending LGBT employment discrimination.
As Veterans Day approaches, I'm pleased to introduce legislation that will help connect our veterans and servicemembers with employment opportunities. Check out the facts on the "United We Stand to Hire Veterans Act." http://1.usa.gov/17baeyQ
Residents and visitors of West Virginia's northern panhandle: Honor our courageous veterans by participating in Wheeling's Veterans Day 10K Run and Walk on Saturday morning.   All military personnel and veterans will have their entry fee waived and will receive a free banquet entry/meal, and t-shirt. Proceeds will be donated to Paralyzed Veterans of America.  For more information: http://bit.ly/1cGBMnD
We can either go forward or backwards. I'm fighting for progress.
Today will be a big day for the advancement of equality. I'm hopeful the Senate will come together in a bipartisan manner to pass ENDA this afternoon.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Senate passed the Employment Non-Discrimination Act:   “This vote represents a historic milestone in the fight to end workplace discrimination,” Shaheen said. “No one should be hired or fired in the United States because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Equal protection under the law is part of our national creed and this bill helps us honor that promise. I hope the House will join the Senate in passing ENDA so we can send it to the President for his signature.”
Senator Schatz voted to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA).  This historic bill will make sure all Americans are judged by their job performance and not by who they are or whom they love.
 
 “Equal treatment under every aspect of the law is right and it is just,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.  “Past fights for equal rights prove that those standing in the way of equality now are on the wrong side of history.”
NA
Today I was proud to join my colleagues in a strong bipartisan vote to approve the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. Our nation was founded on the promise of fairness and equality, and passing this legislation reaffirms the Senate’s commitment to those values.   In New Mexico, we are proud of our diverse people and also our work ethic, and we believe individuals should be judged on their ability to do their job and their performance, not by anything else. We also have a strong history of protecting human rights, which is why we've had a similar state nondiscrimination law on the books for 10 years.   The private sector also knows how important it is to have anti-discrimination policies in place to attract top talent in the workforce. As we continue growing our economy, we must make sure everyone has an opportunity to earn a living and support their families without fear of being fired, harassed or denied a promotion just because of who they are and who they love. The House of Representatives now has an opportunity to do the same, and I hope they will put politics aside and vote on it soon.
Rhode Island took the time and made the effort to create a state run marketplace for Obamacare enrollment – and that has made a huge difference. At a recent Senate hearing, I let my colleagues know that there are some excellent lessons other states can take from the HealthSource RI rollout.
Remembering another great race for governor and 2005 election of my friend Tim Kaine. #TBT #throwbackthursday
Massachusetts is #1 in the nation in energy efficiency for the third year in a row. By continuing to support energy efficiency policies and by making the right investments in 21st century clean energy technology, we can protect our environment, lower costs for businesses, and grow our economy. Thank you to Governor Patrick’s Administration for your leadership promoting energy efficiency throughout the Commonwealth.
The Senate just voted to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). I’m proud to have voted in support of this legislation, and I hope the House will act now to pass ENDA and make sure no one is discriminated against because of who they are or who they love. In America, equal means equal. Watch my floor speech yesterday on ENDA here:
