After five long years, the release of Alan Gross is a joyous moment for his family, his friends and all Americans who have worked and prayed for this day.  Today opens a new chapter in U.S.-Cuba relations that rejects the failed policies of the past and embraces a new future that will better serve America’s interests and improve the lives of Cubans and their families.  As I learned during a trip I made to Cuba in 2002 with the agricultural community from California, we will have enormous economic opportunities because of this action. There will be many other benefits as well and that is why I fully support this breakthrough.
I welcome home Alan Gross from his illegal and unjust imprisonment in Cuba. Many in Congress—including myself—have said there could be no normalization of relations with Cuba without his release.    Cuba continues to be oppressed by a dictatorial regime, denying essential rights and freedoms. I welcome any trade and diplomatic discussions currently underway to advance freedom and rights for the Cuban people, and I will carefully review any recommendations to change our relationship with Cuba on that basis.
Chag Sameach to all those who observe! May your celebrations bring happiness and peace. -RB
What did you think of President Barack Obama's comments regarding our future relationship with #Cuba?
Good to be on hand to welcome #AlanGross back to #MD
Great news! Delaware has been awarded $35 million in federal funds for Delaware’s Health Care Innovation Plan that will fuel efforts to improve patient care, support the health of all Delawareans, and reduce the costs of care. Today I joined Jack Markell , Congressman John Carney, and DHSS Secretary Rita Landgraf at Westside Family Healthcare in Northeast Wilmington to make the announcement.
Thanks to my wingmen, Congressman John Carney and U.S. Senator Chris Coons, for leading on the way on this recent effort to save Delaware jobs. Read more in today's Delawareonline editorial.
NA
NA
I could not be more proud of the support the ABLE Act has received from members of both parties in the House and Senate, and from all of the families who worked with us to achieve this historic goal. From the beginning, the power of these families who want to save for their loved ones’ long term care has propelled the ABLE Act forward. We believe that individuals across this country with disabilities have a lot of ability. I look forward to President Obama quickly signing this bill into law so that countless families and individuals can have the tools they need to live a full life and have a bright future.
Two years ago, Princess Kayla and her family came to Washington from Delaware to urge Congress to pass the ABLE Act and help the families of young people with disabilities save for their long-term care. Yesterday, we succeeded!
“Our bipartisan bill will ensure the federal government does everything it can to build a foundation for manufacturing job growth in Delaware and across the country,” Coons added. “Its passage is great news for our workers and our businesses, and I look forward to continue working hard, on a bipartisan basis, for good manufacturing job creation.”
Welcome home, Alan!
After five long years, Alan Gross touches down in the United States https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aTw7bQm2iU&feature=youtu.be
I’m overjoyed to welcome Alan Gross home after five long years in a Cuban prison. Alan’s supposed crime was that he provided Cuba’s small Jewish community with computer equipment to help them access the internet. I have pressed the Cuban government for years to release him. I and my staff visited him in prison in 2012 (pictured here) and again earlier this year. The expected announcement of opening the door with Cuba for trade, travel, and the exchange of ideas will create a force for positive change in Cuba that more than 50 years of our current policy of exclusion could not achieve.
Last night, the Senate passed the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, legislation cosponsored by Joe that will create tax-free savings accounts for individuals with disabilities—allowing eligible Americans access to the same types of flexible savings options that others have through college savings accounts, health savings accounts, and individual retirement accounts.  “In Indiana, we know that disabilities shouldn’t be a roadblock to pursuing your dreams. The savings accounts this legislation creates will help Americans with disabilities save for things like education, transportation, and even housing. I have been proud to support the ABLE Act, and I am glad to see it pass with bipartisan support.” -Joe
My reason #9 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: The smell of piñon in the fireplace
My reason #10 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Christmas wouldn’t be “Christmas” w/o Red AND Green chile.
Honored to sponsor and appoint outstanding Bismarck student and leader, Sedalia Mahlum, to be a U.S. Senate page in the upcoming Congress. During their time in the program, Senate pages complete a semester of high school in Washington, D.C. by going to classes in the morning with their fellow pages and then also working in the U.S. Senate throughout the day. Participating in the program provides incredible opportunities for some of our nation’s brightest and strongest leaders. I know Sedelia’s hard work and passion in the classroom will be a driving force as she continues her educational experience in Washington this semester, and I look forward to seeing her in the halls of the Senate in the coming months. http://1.usa.gov/1z3UuzP
Tonight I voted to extend tax relief for North Dakota families and small businesses, because in North Dakota, we have to plan ahead – we plan for our harvests, for our winters, and for our children’s futures. That’s why I’ve been pushing on Congress for the past year to quit delaying, and to start providing more certainty for our businesses and for our families who work hard every day just to make ends meet. Tonight, the Senate and House finally came together to extend tax relief so many of our communities need for the next year – but isn’t enough. We have to seek practical, lasting solutions that really work, because nail-biting and foot-dragging are no ways to legislate. We need to come together to find longer-term solutions for the communities that count on us to get the job done. http://1.usa.gov/1wIqs12
Today, I toured the Wallops Flight Facility launch pad and met with stakeholders to discuss progress on repairs.
WASHINGTON (WEDNESDAY, Dec. 17, 2014) - Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Wednesday was joined by Senator Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Representative Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), Judy Gross and others for an early morning trip to Havana, Cuba to bring Alan Gross home.      Leahy (D-Vt., president pro tempore of the Senate, and chairman of the State Department and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee) has long sought the release of Alan Gross and has visited him twice in the prison where he has been held for five years.    Leahy also has led in efforts over the years for fundamental changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba, including pushing for an end to the law that prevents most Americans from visiting Cuba.
PHOTOS: Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Leads Group To Cuba To Bring Back Alan Gross  WASHINGTON (WEDNESDAY, Dec. 17, 2014) - Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Wednesday was joined by Senator Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Representative Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), Judy Gross and others for an early morning trip to Havana, Cuba to bring Alan Gross home.     Leahy (D-Vt., president pro tempore of the Senate, and chairman of the State Department and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee) has long sought the release of Alan Gross and has visited him twice in the prison where he has been held for five years.  Leahy also has led in efforts over the years for fundamental changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba, including pushing for an end to the law that prevents most Americans from visiting Cuba.
PHOTOS: Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Leads Group To Cuba To Bring Back Alan Gross  WASHINGTON (WEDNESDAY, Dec. 17, 2014) - Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Wednesday was joined by Senator Jeff Flake (D-Ariz.), Representative Chirs Van Hollen (D-Md.), Judy Gross and others for an early morning trip to Havana, Cuba to bring Alan Gross home.     Leahy (D-Vt., president pro tempore of the Senate, and chairman of the State Department and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee) has long sought the release of Alan Gross and has visited him twice in the prison where he has been held for five years.  Leahy also has led in efforts over the years for fundamental changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba, including pushing for an end to the law that prevents most Americans from visiting Cuba.   PHOTOS include photos taken by Leahy (and others, in the case in which Leahy is pictured) from this morning’s trip to Cuba and are available for immediate use.
I'm thrilled that Connecticut will receive a $45 million grant from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to test our State Innovation Model. This initiative will focus on improving the health of Connecticut residents, eliminating health disparities, improving the quality of care and lowering costs. This grant, a part of the Affordable Care Act, is just one way that the #ACAworks for CT residents by improving the way our health system serves patients.
I support President Obama’s decision for the United States to start a new chapter in our relationship with Cuba. It begins with the return of Alan Gross, held captive for five years by the Cuban government. I am so pleased Alan is home. I remain concerned about human rights and political freedom inside Cuba, but I support moving forward toward a new path with Cuba.
I am happy for Alan Gross and his family today, as we welcome him home after 5 years of incarceration in Cuba. In November, I traveled to Cuba to meet with Cuban officials, as well as religious and business leaders, to discuss the impacts of the embargo and travel restrictions on American and Cuban families. I also visited Alan in prison and expressed optimism that he would be released soon.  I applaud the president in his efforts to return him to his family and for taking steps to normalize relations with Cuba.  Now is the time to end the failed embargo against Cuba and to take steps to normalize relations. This is a sea change as our nation is finally embarking on a 21st century approach with Cuba, one that will open opportunities for New Mexicans and other American interests in Cuba. American citizens are the best diplomats of our values and I hope their future interactions shine through with the Cuban people.  It is time to act, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and the Obama administration, to build upon this announcement and move forward to lift the embargo on Cuba, which has only served to isolate the Cuban people and limit American opportunity.
Very pleased the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, which I co-sponsored, has passed the Senate and will now be signed into law by the President. Under today's laws, Americans with disabilities do not have access to the same savings tools as those afforded to other Americans, placing a burden on people with disabilities and their families. The ABLE Act allows for the creation of tax-exempt savings accounts for disabled individuals and their families, providing a vehicle to save for critical long-term expenses including education, healthcare, housing or retirement.
