Once again, Senate Republicans blocked legislation to help ensure that women receive equal pay for equal work. We owe it to women and their families to end pay discrimination, and Senate Democrats won’t stop fighting until the women of this country get equal pay and a fair shot at the American dream.
Every single day the House drags its feet on immigration, our borders remain less secure, our visa system keeps us less competitive, our economy suffers, and millions of families remain in the shadows. Please sign our petition calling on the House to allow and up or down vote on the immigration bill:
The Metro North driver at the helm of the derailment in December apparently suffered from sleep apnea and fatigue. It is alarming and astonishing that Metro North had no knowledge of this worker’s health condition, and it’s even more necessary now that the FRA implement three open regulations from 2012 that deal specifically with sleep apnea.   Commuters deserve no less.
We should all have an equal chance to succeed. Passing #RenewUI in the Senate was just one step of many—next, let’s achieve pay equity for women with the Paycheck Fairness Act, raise the minimum wage, work to protect medicare, and boost job creation.   Let’s create a fair shot for everyone.
Another picture perfect performance for Geno and UConn Women's Basketball. Congratulations! Hard work pays off. #Perfect #BleedBlue #Huskies
Walked into the office after voting and was pleasantly surprised at the decorations by some of the staff—wish it was permanent!   Congrats to the UConn men’s team and good luck to the women tonight! U-C-O-N-N, UConn, UConn, UConn!
Share if you agree:   #EqualPay for equal work is an American value.   #PayCheckFairness was filibustered by the Senate GOP for a 3rd straight time earlier today. Despite their refusal to even allow debate on how to level the playing field for working women-  U.S. Senate Democrats will continue to fight for equal pay. 
NA
                           ***TODAY 10AM EST*** Senator Ben Cardin will chair a hearing of the U.S. Helsinki Commission  Ukraine: Confronting Internal Challenges and External Threats  The hearing will offer an assessment of the current situation in Ukraine as it addresses difficult internal challenges exacerbated by #Russian seizure of #Crimea as well as an assessment of ongoing threats and challenges to other countries in the region. The hearing will address current U.S. policy, and how the United States, together with the international community, including the #EU and the #OSCE, can best continue to assist Ukraine and deter further Russian aggression.    WATCH LIVE HERE http://csce.gov/index.cfm?FuseAction=ContentRecords.ViewDetail&ContentRecord_id=1130&ContentRecordType=P&ContentType=P&CFID=13366278&CFTOKEN=ebe0797d36d12a50-C172FFD0-9EF1-D117-28DD8E956BF3F2A9
It's always such a thrill for me to throw out the opening pitch at a Blue Rocks game. I hope they have better luck without me tonight against Myrtle Beach.
In honor of Delaware’s 5th Annual Week of Service, I encourage all Delawareans to do what they can to help your fellow First Staters and show the Delaware Way through volunteering and acts of kindness. Visit http://www.serve.gov to learn how.
I am stunned by the senseless tragedy at Franklin Regional High School.  Our schools should be places where children can learn and grow without fear of violence.  I am inspired by the bravery of the school personnel and students, and I am grateful for the heroic work of the first responders, emergency and medical personnel who cared for those injured. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their families and the entire Franklin Regional School District.
Last night on the Senate floor, I spoke about Afghanistan’s recent elections.
#EqualPay = Justice. Share if you agree. 
Senator Donnelly was pleased to meet members of the National Youth Leadership Council from East Central High School in St. Leon today to learn about their service-learning work in their community.
Joe met with Hoosiers from the Greater Indiana Chapter of the Alzheimer’s Association this morning to discuss his shared commitment to Alzheimer’s research.
This week is National Volunteer Week. Plenty of opportunities available to help make your community a better place.
I enjoyed having breakfast today with 150 Californians. Health care, equal pay for equal work and California water were among the topics of discussion.
Proud to stand with ND's Cherry Blossom Princess and my press assistant, Karly Moen.
Today at a Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hearing, I talked about how too often we’re losing Native students who are falling behind or not graduating high school. Just 63% of Native American students in North Dakota graduate high school, compared to 90% for their white peers in the state. We need to do everything possible to raise awareness about education for Native students and seek real solutions to close this widening achievement gap. Passing my Commission on Native Children bill would be a strong step forward toward making that possible.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7397cbfb-cd98-4f13-99bf-6e5c2079e3be
At a Senate hearing today, I urged Senate appropriators to make needed investments to keep railways and communities safe. We must give our communities confidence that energy products being transported by rail – which have increased greatly in the last few years, especially in North Dakota – are moving as safely as possible.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=aab5a65d-28f3-4590-b889-98893f32ddf4
This Saturday, I will kick off my new Citizen Day initiative to bring Virginians together to participate in service projects across the Commonwealth. Citizen Days are a great opportunity to highlight causes and organizations that make a positive difference in the lives of Virginians. For the first Citizen Day, I’ll partner with Operation Paintbrush to repaint the home of elderly Henrico County residents in need. If you would like to join me on Saturday, please email RSVP_Events@kaine.senate.gov.
I’m deeply honored to receive Save the Children’s Congressional Champion for Children award for my efforts to increase access to pre-k and other early childhood education programs that help kids realize their talent. Senior vice president Mark Shriver, accompanied by Latiya Loring, Alisha Everhart, and Alisha’s daughter Aaminah, presented the award to me. Aaminah is enrolled in Save the Children’s home-based early childhood development program.  There's still a lot to be done and I look forward to working on more initiatives that will help future generations live dignified lives with academic and economic success.
(WEDNESDAY, April 09, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) TODAY took to the Senate floor to urge the President to join the international treaty banning the use of landmines. Leahy has long been the leading U.S. official pressing for a worldwide ban on the use of these weapons.   Both publicly and privately, in scores of private meetings and public appeals, Leahy has unceasingly pressed every president since Bill Clinton to allow the United States to join the international treaty.  Leahy is the most senior member of the United States Senate, and chairs the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee responsible for overseeing the State Department’s budget, including foreign aid and assistance.   
(WEDNESDAY, April 9, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) TODAY urged the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Gina McCarthy, to renew the Agency's commitment to the cleanup and preservation of Lake Champlain.    Faced with new water quality regulations imposed by the EPA for Lake Champlain, Vermont will face new challenges, as the President's budget request cuts funding for critical federal programs to help states address water quality projects.  Leahy is the most senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, and has long made the protection of Lake Champlain a priority in Congress.
WASHINGTON (TUESDAY, April 08, 2014) --  Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday questioned U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) Administrator Rajiv Shah about the recent revelation that the USAID ran and funded "ZunZuneo," the so-called "Cuban Twitter" program, during a scheduled hearing on the President's Fiscal Year 2015 budget request for USAID. Leahy has long been an advocate of restoring relations with Cuba.  Leahy chairs the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on State Department, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, which has oversight of the USAID.  Shah testified to answer questions on a wide range of USAID programs around the world.
While we lost today’s vote to move the Paycheck Fairness Act forward, we refuse to lose the battle. We are going to finish the fight to get equal pay for equal work. We’re going to continue to fight to lift the veil of secrecy where right now in many workplaces you are forbidden to discuss the salary that you and your coworkers make. Because if you don’t know, you can’t fight for more dough!   I call on the women of America to suit up, square your shoulders, put on your lipstick and continue the fight for this equal pay revolution!
Shameful that Senate GOP blocked the Paycheck Fairness Act today. Women deserve equal pay for equal work.
In Connecticut, all we do is win championships. Go Huskies! #bleedblue
Join Claire tomorrow at 3:30pm ET/2:30pm CT, right here on her Facebook page as she takes your questions LIVE. If you’re unable to ask a question during the Q&A, please feel free to leave your question in the comments section below. Claire will also answer a few of the questions asked in advance.
Grate news! Claire won’t let the European Union limit access to your favorite meats and cheeses. She called the recent efforts by the European Union to restrict the export of commonly named meats, “complete bologna.”   Read more about her efforts here: http://www.news-leader.com/story/news/local/ozarks/2014/04/08/europeans-want-name-bratwurst/7474223/
ICYMI: Glad to join the folks at Morning Joe today to talk about equal pay.
My very first vote in the Senate was for paycheck fairness, and I will continue to fight to close the wage gap because people should earn the same pay for doing the same work. It’s past time that we correct this unfairness to make sure that women are paid what they deserve.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=475a3cc6-1fde-4ba5-8e47-9f6022061ba5
NA
For the third time, Senate Republicans filibustered the Paycheck Fairness Act. It’s just not right. They wouldn't even allow us to begin debate on the bill, at which point we could have entertained their amendments. Instead, they stopped the bill in its tracks.
I hope Speaker Boehner and House Republicans will allow a vote on the bipartisan, Senate-passed legislation to extend emergency unemployment insurance. This is an important economic lifeline for so many Americans who could use a little help. http://www.dpcc.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=290
#EqualPay is not just a women’s issue or a families’ issue; it’s an American issue. #FairShot
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Paycheck Fairness Act failed to clear a procedural hurdle in the Senate:   “Today we had yet another opportunity to address the gender pay gap that has kept millions of American women from earning the same amount as their male counterparts, and I am disappointed that some in Congress blocked consideration of a common-sense plan to help address pay discrimination.  Eliminating the gender pay-gap is not just about women; it is about families, our economy and our future. Our job is not done, and as long as millions of American women continue to earn only 77 cents on average for every dollar earned by men, I’ll continue fighting to address this inequality.”  Yesterday, Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor and urged her colleagues to pass the measure:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmDH95M_-dk&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA  
Too many service members suffering from the unseen wounds of war – like PTSD – are wrongfully discharged and denied the benefits and care they earned.  I’m teaming up with Senator John Walsh to make sure the men and women who honorably served our nation don’t fall through the cracks.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1g8gcVB
Great meeting with members of the NTCA - The Rural Broadband Association - including Baca Valley Telephone Co. in northeastern New Mexico, La Jicarita Rural Telephone Coop. in Mora, Leaco in Hobbs, and Penasco Valley Telecommunications in Artesia. These partners are so important to New Mexico, and I'm proud to support their efforts, especially by helping expand broadband and telecom services so we can create more jobs in rural communities.   They are also part of a great campaign to show why #ruraliscool and why rural communities are great places to work, learn, live and play - I hope you'll join them by visiting http://ruraliscool.tumblr.com/ and sharing it with your friends.
Equal pay for equal work should be a principle we all agree on, but today Republicans filibustered a bill that would have empowered New Mexico women with more tools and protections to fight for equal pay. A majority of the Senate supported the Paycheck Fairness Act, and we could have debated, voted and passed it, but Republicans chose yet another filibuster that hurts working families. The pay gap is hurting New Mexico's economy and New Mexico women. This deserves debate, and I'll keep working in the Senate to find solutions.
In the year 2014 there is no excuse for the persistent wage disparity between men and women.  This is a serious problem that affects women in Rhode Island and throughout the country, and we owe them an open and honest debate about what we can do to address it.  Unfortunately, Senate Republicans don’t want to have that debate, and are preventing us from holding an up-or-down vote on legislation to help ensure equal pay for equal work.  I’m disappointed we weren’t able to move forward on this bill, but I am committed to continuing to work with Senator Mikulski and other champions who have fought so hard to bring this issue to light.
NA
Denny Landrum, a Richmond native, was an WWII POW in Japan. During the closing days of the war, Landrum and several other POWs secretly created an American flag from bedsheets that were sewn together. They would have been executed if they had been caught.   Landrum eventually made it home. But the flag he helped to create and later waved as he and his fellow POWs were liberated from the camp vanished over time. Denny’s family has been looking for the flag since 1960.   When I learned that the flag was being kept on a shelf in DC, I worked with Virginia War Memorial to get it put on display in honor of Denny Landrum’s sacrifices and triumphs as a POW.   Today, the flag was unveiled at the War Memorial. It has certainly been my great honor and privilege to have played some small role in bringing it to Virginia. This flag is a reminder that we should never forget the sacrifices our American heroes have made, and continue to make, to protect our freedom and liberty.   Congratulations to the Landrums on finally completing a task that was so important to your Dad.
