Make your voices heard in the student loan debate: Tell me your story on why affordable student loans are so important HERE: http://www.boxer.senate.gov/dontdoublemyrate/ #dontdoublemyrate
Today I am urging Californians to speak out to restore the lower student loan interest rate.
College should be a pathway to the middle class, not a pathway to debt #dontdoublemyrate.
On July 1st, student loan rates doubled to 6.8% while the government reaps the rewards. Join us on Twitter at 3PM to encourage Congress to vote on S.1238 and tell us what YOU would do with the $1000 you'll lose if Congress doesn't act. Just the hashtag #DontDoubleMyRate to share your story.
If you missed today’s  Twitter Town Hall where we talked about student loan #debt and our solution to keeping college affordable here are some highlights. 
 
 
 Follow @SenatorCardin on Twitter to stay updated on the fight to keep student loan interest rates from doubling. #DontDooubleMyRates
Join us today at 3pm Et on Twitter to discuss what can be done to keep higer education affordable and manageable for millions of Americans .
 
 
  Follow @SenatorCardin- send in your questions, comments, concerns and stories about what this rate hike means to you. #DontDoubleMyRate
 
 
 “Making college more affordable – not less – is just common sense.  Saddling young adults with even more debt will not help jumpstart our economy and it makes little sense to add to their already substantial college debt by allowing the interest rate on student loans to double. We must stop this increase in student loan interest rates from taking effect while we work out a long-term solution to protect our students and our nation’s future,” - Ben
Had a great discussion with IndyCar Series racer Charlie Kimball who was on Capitol Hill raising awareness about #diabetes.
Miss Teen North Dakota stopped by my DC office today! Great to visit with Sarah Edgar - Miss Teen North Dakota United States 2013 and her family. #NorthDakotans
Was on the #Senate floor to bid farewell to my colleague and dear friend Senator William "Mo" Cowan He is anchored in the one great belief that his job will always be to make the world a more just place for his sons and all the children of our country.
About to speak on the #Senate floor about Senator William "Mo" Cowan time in the Senate. Listen here. http://srs1.senate.gov/log/ #NDSister
Beer, bats and badges of honor – a great day in Southern NJ! 
 
 Congratulations to…
 (1) Retired Navy Reserve Chief Petty Officer Bob Campbell who received four overdue medals for his service to our country. 
 (2) Michelle Panchana, Jonathan Ramirez & Peter Rivera on being chosen for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute’s Ready to Lead program
 (3) Victus Sports for their exceptional new small business producing customized baseball bats.
 (4) Flying Fish Brewery, where they are creating New Jersey jobs and growing their business.
 
 Read more about these great NJ stories on my site: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press
NA
CT students: Join me (@ChrisMurphyCT) and @SenateDems on Twitter at 3pm to discuss how to keep student loan interest rates low. We'll be using #DontDoubleMyRate. See you there
Three years after Claire led a successful fight to overhaul the management at Arlington National Cemetery, she’s demanding answers about an internal report that found a Pentagon program aimed at finding, identifying, and returning the remains of American troops missing in action has been woefully mismanaged—and that senior officials may have suppressed the critical report.  “This is a deeply personal issue for thousands of families across the country—many of whom have been actively engaged in these efforts for decades. We’ve got a responsibility to make sure this program is being run in a responsible manner, and I will not rest until we have answers.” -Claire
I am proud to support the United Mine Workers of America and some of our country’s most dedicated and hardworking people, our coal miners, to demand what’s right and fair at today’s rally in Fairmont. A few weeks ago, I marched shoulder-to-shoulder with some of these very same people in Charleston and rallied for fairness and trust. If I could, I’d be in my hometown today standing beside them again.
 
 Read more: http://1.usa.gov/13ziY5P
NA
Will be on Twitter TODAY at 3 p.m. ET to discuss student loans and smarter solutions to keeping college affordable.  Use #DontDoubleMyRate to join the conversation and urge Congress to responsibly keep student loan interest rates in check now and in the future.
Tomorrow the Senate will vote on our plan to keep student loan rates low for an additional year. I hope Senate Republicans won’t block this common-sense plan to invest in our economy by keeping college affordable.  Last month, Senate Republicans rejected Democrats’ plan to freeze student loan interest rates at current levels for two years without adding a penny to the deficit. Because of this Republican obstruction, loan rates doubled on July 1.  If either the legislation passed by House Republicans or the plan proposed by Senate Republicans became law, student loan rates would more than double over the next few years, as interest rates increase.
It was an honor to welcome General Martin Dempsey to New Hampshire to highlight the Granite State's critical contributions to our national security!
Staff members from Senator Shaheen's office will be holding Office Hours in Pelham this Thursday, July 11, from 12:00 pm to 1:00 pm at Pelham Town Hall. All area residents are encouraged to attend!
Students across the nation are struggling, and it is our responsibility to keep college within reach. #DontDoubleMyRate
On Wednesday a representative from my staff will be in Albuquerque to offer help with federal government issues. If you have a pending case with a federal agency and need assistance, my staff and I may be able to help communicate with the agency, inquire about the status of your case, or obtain additional information.  Look for our table at state Senator Michael Padilla's job fair tomorrow, Wednesday, July 10, from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM at Harrison Middle School Gymnasium, located at 3912 Isleta Boulevard SW.  For the job fair, interested job seekers should bring a resume or a list of all past employment, contact names and numbers, and other pertinent job history information. For more information about help with federal agencies, visit my website below:
#Ramadan Mubarak to all those celebrating across Virginia! Best wishes for this special month.
An op/ed in Monday's Boston Globe praises the housing finance reform proposal from Sen. Warner and Tennessee GOP Sen. Bob Corker as "bipartisan, substantive and bold -- three words not often found together in today’s Washington." http://1.usa.gov/12B29Rp  (staff)
Congress must pass a fix to keep student loan rates low. More than 179,000 Virginia students took out 2013-14 subsidized Stafford loans. #DontDoubleMyRate
The Keeping Student Loans Affordable Act would drop the rate on direct student loans back down to 3.4% for one year, retroactively, and give Congress time to develop a plan to do the three things we really need to do:  reform student loan interest rates on new loans, refinance a trillion dollars in existing debt, and lower college costs for all our kids.   The student loan program will make $184 billion in profits for the government over the next ten years, and the Republican solution is to add another billion in profits for the US government.  In other words, their solution to the rising interest rate problem is to make students pay even more. But our students sent Congress a clear message: a bad deal is worse than no deal at all. I’m standing with students.
