Today, America celebrates the 4 year anniversary of President Obama's first bill signed into law - the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act- bringing women one step closer to #PayCheckFairness - Like & Share!
“John Kerry has dedicated his life to public service in the finest manner”  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, lauded the swift confirmation of Senator John Kerry to be U.S. Secretary of State.    “John Kerry will serve our nation well as America’s top diplomat. I had the privilege of serving on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with Senator Kerry since arriving in the U.S. Senate six years ago and I know that he is committed to ensuring that robust diplomacy and development can function alongside defense at the heart of America’s foreign policy.  American diplomats and development professionals abroad are facing serious security and political challenges at the same time our nation faces serious fiscal and political challenges at home.  I believe that Secretary Kerry will be open to systemic reforms within the Department while remaining a strong advocate for America’s interests around the world.  “I am confident that John’s legacy of fighting for democracy, human rights, and global peace will continue at the Department of State. He played an essential role in bringing our troops home from Iraq and ending the war, and has been an advocate for peace and democratic transition in some of the most challenging conflict zones, from Sudan to Afghanistan.  He is committed to continuing efforts to promote development assistance and recovery in Haiti, fighting global HIV/AIDS, and supporting democracy and human dignity, poverty assistance and the advancement of women’s empowerment throughout the world.  I have been pleased to work with him on efforts to combat global climate change. He has convened eight major hearings and roundtables on climate change and energy security since taking the gavel of the Foreign Relations Committee. His support for global human rights led to U.S. action to end ethnic cleansing in Kosovo, to impose sanctions on Burma, and to help create a genocide tribunal in Cambodia.”
Equal pay for equal work is not a slogan it’s an American virtue. When women work the same hours in the same job as a male colleague they should receive the same pay. Right now women on average make 77 cents to every dollar a man makes. This isn't just at odds with our sense of equality and fairness- it hurts women- families and communities. As a father and grandfather of strong, intelligent women, pay equity is a personal issue for me. I want my two granddaughters to know that when they grow up, they will be paid fairly for the work and not 77 cents for every dollar of their male counterparts.
There is no justification for paying women less for the same work as their male counterparts. Not only does this disparity burden women and their families during their working years, but it also jeopardizes retirement and financial security for women later in life and has significant consequences for the overall economy.
“I am pleased to add my name to the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act because we need to stand up for all survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking.  For almost two decades, this legislation helped safeguard a woman’s fundamental right to be safe from violence and, in those terrible instances when violence was perpetrated, to seek justice.  I hope Democrats and Republicans can come together to pass this straightforward bill that would allow us to further improve our community and criminal justice-based responses to these unacceptable, violent acts.” - Sen. Joe Donnelly
Joe wants you to know about the good economic news around the Hoosier State. Four years ago, Elkhart, the RV Capital of the World, was hit with high unemployment. Today, it was announced that RV shipments rose 13.2 percent last year, the industry’s best year since 2008. There’s still a long way to go to reach a full economic recovery, but Joe wants to share good news like this as he works for even more good-paying jobs for Hoosiers.  Share this post with your friends as Joe continues to advocate for common sense legislation every day as your U.S. Senator.
Secretary Hillary Clinton was an exceptional Secretary of State and a great public servant. Thank you for your service!
Congratulations to new Secretary of State John Kerry. I can think of no one more qualified and better prepared  to be our nation's chief diplomat.
FACT: A Department of Justice study found that the 1994 Assault Weapons was responsible for a 6.7% DECREASE in total gun murders.
California women make an average of 14% less than California men. Let’s close the wage gap and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act! 1.usa.gov/14qHpyd
Official Office Locations:  It is important that every North Dakotan knows how to contact me and my staff, and knows where they can find the closest constituent office in North Dakota. We’re here to serve the people of North Dakota, whether they need help with a federal agency or have concerns about legislation in the Senate. I am pleased to have five offices open across the state, in hopes to be as accessible and responsive as possible. I've already heard from many constituents from all over the state and I encourage all North Dakotans to use my offices and website as a resource and to let us know your thoughts on pending legislation and important issues.  My official website (www.heitkamp.senate.gov) will also serve as a resource for the constituents of North Dakota.  Office locations are:  Bismarck:  228 Federal Building.,  220 East Rosser Avenue Bismarck, ND 58501  Main Line: 701-258-4648  Fax: 701-258-1254  Fargo:  306 Federal Building  657 Second Avenue North  Fargo, ND 58102  Main Line 701-232-8030  Toll-free line: 1-800-223-4457 Fax: 701-746-6449  Dickinson:  40 1st Ave West, Suite 202  Dickinson, ND 58601  Main Line: TBA Fax: TBA  Grand Forks:  33 South Third Street, Suite B  Grand Forks, ND 58201  Main Line: 701-775-9601  Fax: 701-746-1990  Minot:  105 Federal Building  100 First Street SW  Minot, ND 58701  Main Line: 701-775-9601  Fax: 701-746-8196  Washington, DC: (Temporary office location) G-55 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington, DC 20510 Main Line: 202-224-2043 Fax: 202-224-7776
I represent the great state of North Dakota, where there's a little coffee table in every house and community with all sorts of people who don't agree, but they sit down and come together to get things done, and Congress should take a lesson. We have to step up and use our voices.  http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/power-players-abc-news/sen-heidi-heitkamp-defiant-democrat-115938898.html
Today, I am proud to celebrate the 4th anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. This landmark law was a critical step towards eliminating pay gender wage discrimination, but this law alone is not enough.  Women in New Jersey still earn 79 cents for every one dollar earned by their male counterparts.  That’s why I am a cosponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act and I will not stop fighting until women are ensured equal pay for equal work.  http://www.jec.senate.gov/public/?a=Files.Serve&File_id=66769080-37f9-4e7a-b2fa-7ac208d9f575
FINALLY! New Jersey and the region will receive Sandy Relief funding that's needed to rebuild neighborhoods, businesses & lives. After 91 days, Congress finally did what we have always done and should always do: stand with fellow Americans who are suffering after a natural disaster.   http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-applauds-senate-passage-of-sandy-relief-package-chides-house-leadership-for-needless-delay
Women fight every day for equal pay. When they do, they’re sidelined, redlined or even pink slipped. Right now in the marketplace it is legal to fire a woman if she asks about her pay, whether she goes to the personnel director or if she asks the person next to her at the water cooler.   While we work to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act in Congress, we must ensure that contractors doing business with the United States government are not retaliating against hardworking Americans for discussing salary information. This is unfair and it’s un-American.
Check out this new video on the first in a series of new reports that debunk the myth of the NRA's political muscle:
First in a series of new reports that debunk the myth of the NRA's political muscle:
This morning I'll release a new report that starts to pull back the curtain on the NRA's over-hyped political power. Stay tuned
Claire’s again supporting legislation to renew the Violence Against Women Act, which has been stalled in the House of Representatives for nine months. "Nine minutes is too long to wait for these life-saving protections to get reauthorized-nine months is an embarrassment, when we've seen only bipartisan support for these protections over the past two decades,” said Claire, a former Jackson County Prosecutor.
Senator Joe Manchin joined several of his colleagues in support of the "No Budget, No Pay" bill.
NA
Four years ago today, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act which ensures women have more opportunities to be equal participants in the workforce. But it still hasn’t closed that gap. It’s not fair that any woman working the same hours in the same job should make less money than her male coworker. The Paycheck Fairness Act would help close the wage disparity by empowering women to negotiate for equal pay and creating strong incentives for employers to obey the laws already in place.
"It was great to sit down today with my New Hampshire colleague Senator Kelly Ayotte for an interview with Kelly O'Donnell for the Today Show. It was a wonderful opportunity to talk about New Hampshire's historic all-female delegation and the bipartisan work Senator Ayotte and I are doing together on behalf of the Granite State." - JS
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor Monday to reiterate her support for New Hampshire fishermen and fishing communities that are struggling with revenue losses and the impact of fishery management decisions. Click below to watch!
Today marks the four-year anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, a bill to ensure all Americans are paid the same wage regardless of age, gender, race or ethnicity. However, millions of American women continue to lose nearly a quarter of their potential earnings to gender discrimination. That is why I have supported the Paycheck Fairness Act to end pay discrimination. Join me in supporting this legislation to make sure that women get the compensation they deserve.
Click below to read Senator Shaheen's op-ed in the New Hampshire Union Leader on her work to get to the bottom of the Benghazi attacks and help make sure we learn from our mistakes to prevent future attacks.
Today marks the four-year anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, a bill that was a down payment towards ensuring equal pay for equal work. But there is still more work to do to close the pay gap.  Click LIKE if you agree with equal pay for equal work.
John Kerry has earned a reputation as a serious and thoughtful foreign policy leader, as well as a strong advocate for action on global climate change. I have thoroughly enjoyed working with him as a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. His ability to work with members on both sides of the aisle and deep knowledge of the issues make him well qualified to serve as America’s top diplomat.
Today marks a special anniversary. Four years ago, I was proud to support the Lilly Ledbetter Act in the battle for women’s pay equality. It was first bill President Obama signed into law, and one of the first bills I voted for as a new member of the Senate. The wage gap in New Mexico means that women earn 79 cents for every dollar men make. For Hispanic women, it's only 68 cents. On average that difference adds up to more than $10,000 dollars less a year for hardworking women. This wage gap undermines our nation's commitment to equality, and it hurts New Mexico’s working families. That's why I am a sponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act – to protect workers who speak up. Like and share this post if you agree – women deserve equal pay for equal work.
I am pleased that the Senate overwhelmingly confirmed John Kerry as Secretary of State today. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for almost 30 years and its current Chairman, as well as a decorated combat veteran, John is eminently qualified for this important position. I look forward to working with him to promote American values abroad and strengthen our national security.
Have questions for Senator Warner? He'll be holding a Twitter town hall this Thursday, January 31 at noon. To follow or join the conversation, use #askwarner. (staff)
Our bipartisan bill reflects the growing consensus that major reforms are needed to keep the best and brightest students and skilled workers, particularly in the fields of science, technology, math, and engineering, here in America.  I am advocating for the inclusion of this proposal—and STEM green cards-- as part of the comprehensive immigration overhaul currently being discussed in Washington.
