Tonight at midnight, civil unions begin in Colorado. After today, all loving couples will be able to make lifetime commitments to love and care for each other. We still have work to do, but this is a proud time for our state. Show your support for civil unions, by making this photo your profile picture.
In 1 hour, tune in to watch a live stream of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, Senator John McCain, Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox, Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez, Professor Dowell Myers, and me discussing efforts to fix our broken immigration system.
After a decade of war, and despite the VA’s efforts to modernize, more than 600,000 veterans are still stuck in the VA’s disability claims backlog. While the average wait time for first time disability claims currently ranges between 316 and 327 days, veterans in certain parts of the country are waiting even longer….. Solving this problem is critical for veterans of all generations. We need direct and public involvement from you to establish a clear plan to end the backlog once and for all.
Employers are setting up for our job fair here at the Rehoboth Beach Convention Center. Doors open at 10 am!
Last week, Purdue University was announced a winner of the National Institute of Justice’s Body of Armor Challenge. For more information on this challenge and this award, click here.
The Journal Gazette: “U.S. Sen. Joe Donnelly called for an ‘opportunity agenda’ based on ‘Hoosier common sense’ to create American jobs" during his maiden speech last week on the Senate floor.
Share this post with your friends. Last week, Joe introduced his first bill, the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2013, intended to help prevent military suicides. The bill would create a pilot program to add a mental health evaluation to the overall fitness assessment for servicemembers.
Boarding an early morning flight to Carlsbad to kick off a three-day trip to southern New Mexico. Black Mesa coffee in hand!
When I was elected to the United States Senate, I told you I'd work hard every day to restore the basic bargain on which this country was built - that if you work hard and play by the rules, you can get ahead. I hope you'll take a moment to watch this video and share it with your friends and family. It highlights some of the work I've done and the places I've been over the last few months as your Senator.
Today's U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) findings are an affirmation that North Dakota will play a major energy role for decades to come.
This afternoon I joined Congressman Randy Forbes & officials from Emporia & Greensville County for a town briefing on economic development and a discussion on helping local businesses compete and thrive, and then toured the West Atlantic Street and Belfield Historic District neighborhood revitalization projects.
Just met with Virginia National Guard families in Emporia. Many of their loved ones have had multiple deployments. Their resilience is inspiring.
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
Senator Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, travels to El Salvador while he visits countries in Latin America.
Today I cut the ribbon to open the new University of Baltimore Law School, an anchor institution for our community. Men & women who go to this law school will stay in our community, practice law in our community & seek justice for people who live in our community. The Constitution may guarantee access to a lawyer, but UB Law will guarantee access to a GREAT lawyer when you need one.
NA
The average wait time for veterans with a first time disability claim through the VA is between 316 and 327 days, which is why Claire is urging the President to address this backlog immediately. Claire: “Veterans returning home from war with serious physical and psychological injuries shouldn’t have to wait for a year for the benefits they’ve earned.”  More: http://stlouis.cbslocal.com/2013/04/29/backlog-for-veterans-claims-unacceptable-says-sen-mccaskill/
Checking out a science experiment at Boise-Eliot/Humboldt School in North Portland. Boise-Eliot/Humboldt is a K-8 STEM school and has integrated STEM education throughout their entire school curriculum. Very cool.
Senator Manchin enjoyed a weekend in the West Virginia mountains fishing with his family and friends.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 51 – Raleigh County  Fact: West Virginia’s beloved statesman, the late Robert C. Byrd lived here. He was the valedictorian of the class of 1934 in Mark Twain High School in Stotesbury and married his high school sweetheart, Erma Ora James.  Recommendation: Don’t miss a tour of the Beckley Exhibition Coal Mine.  http://www.beckley.org/exhibition_coal_mine/
In case you missed it: Yesterday I launched a new Get TickSmart/RI campaign with Thomas Mather, director of the University of Rhode Island’s Center for Vector-Borne Disease and the TickEncounter Resource Center, and tick control expert David Mendell. Please visit www.tickencounter.org to learn how to protect  yourself, your pets, and your yard from ticks. http://bit.ly/18aGwgj
Was in Buffalo today pushing to keep the NFTA Counter Terrorism Team, including bomb sniffing dogs King & Cora, on the job
Senator Shaheen, the co-author of the bipartisan Energy Savings and Industrial Competiveness Act,  toured the Somersworth facilities of Favorite Foods, a New Hampshire foodservice distributor, to discuss her energy efficiency legislation and learn how the company has reduced its energy consumption by using energy efficient technologies.  Favorite Foods has implemented several energy efficiency initiatives to cut their energy costs and would further benefit from the Shaheen-Portman legislation that was recently reintroduced with Senator Rob Portman (R-Ohio). Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/YbKRLU.
Durham, New Hampshire. Credit: Harry Lichtman.
Senator Shaheen yesterday visited Favorite Foods in Somersworth to discuss the economic and environmental benefits of her bipartisan energy efficiency legislation. The bill is a win-win-win, Shaheen said, as it creates jobs, reduces our energy dependence and protects the environment. Read more below, via Foster's Daily Democrat.
Today, the Senator stopped by the Maritime Ohana BBQ to talk about the importance of the waterfront to Hawaii's economy.
Today, Senator Schatz joined a bipartisan group of Senators, including Senator Bob Casey, urging the President to take steps to reduce the VA backlog.  "These brave men and women put themselves in harm’s way to defend our nation, and now we must keep up our end of the bargain and help them get back to fulfilling their hopes and aspirations." -Senator Schatz  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341581
Join me in Bozeman for my upcoming Tourism Small Business Opportunity Workshop. For more details, click HERE: http://1.usa.gov/17wkFhR
Click LIKE if you agree with me that Montana families deserve to know if the food they buy is genetically engineered: http://1.usa.gov/ZQio0f
New Mexico is in the worst drought in more than half a century, but we must come up with solutions to adapt. Last summer, I was proud to co-host a water conference at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces with more than 500 participants, including farmers, ranchers, engineers and community members. Since the conference, my office has been compiling the policy proposals discussed, and today, I am pleased to release our Water Conference Report. Click below to download our proposed actions and share it with your friends. We need to continue this discussion because we can't control the weather, but we can -- and we must -- improve our response to it.
Meeting with DREAMers in Las Cruces to discuss comprehensive immigration reform.
Tom Releases Water Conference Report
Tom speaks at the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new East Mesa Campus at Doña Ana Community College.
How does Chained CPI cut Social Security benefits? In this speech, I break it down for my colleagues in the Senate.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnSwWVnkCeo
Extreme weather, rising sea levels, ocean acidification. Congress needs to make sure that our nation is ready for changes like these in our environment, and to do that we must be informed. In this video, Rhode Island witnesses from the Quonset Development Corporation & the RI Coastal Resources Management Council express some of their top concerns to Democratic Senators.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re4vRJCtqeA
From the Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic: "The great news continues! The Puller Clinic is honored that Senator Mark Warner has urged the VA to use our Clinic model as a national model to help decrease the backlog."
