Today, we celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who gave us so much to build an American community that is more equal, not less. Let us continue to work together to make sure his dream is realized for every American. -TB
Today our nation honors Martin Luther King Jr.,  one of the bravest leaders in our history, who stood up to injustice and bigotry in the name of freedom and equality. As we celebrate his life and legacy we should remember all of the courageous men and women who fought for civil liberties during that time and all of those continuing to fight for civil rights throughout the world.  Their conviction and strength paves the way for a brighter, more just future for the next generation.
The birthday of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., became a national holiday more than 25 years ago so that our nation – and future generations – would understand and appreciate the legacy of Dr. King’s many accomplishments.   On this day, we celebrate the birthday of a true national hero and trailblazer. Much has changed in the 85 years since #MLK was born; this country has made great strides thanks to Dr. King and the millions of Americans who were inspired by his message.  However, inequality and injustice still exist in many forms. Thankfully, then and now, there are good people willing to stand up against hate and bigotry.   Though today is a national holiday, it is hardly a day of rest. Dr. King once said, “Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable... Every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle; the tireless exertions and passionate concern of dedicated individuals.”   For Marylanders and all Americans, this is a day to recommit ourselves to the “tireless exertions and passionate concern” so that we may make his Dream a reality. #MLKDay
Today,  I am honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. by joining millions of Americans in a day of service. How are you honoring Dr. King?
 
 Read more about how you can here: http://1.usa.gov/1mlI7nu
I also participated in the National Bell Ringing Ceremony in honor of #MLK.
This morning I participated in a service event at Girard College in celebration of #MLK today.
Joe spoke at the 28th annual Martin Luther King Jr. Community Service Recognition Breakfast in South Bend this morning.
"We are a stronger nation when we work hand in hand." A message from Senator Donnelly on Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2014.
Martin Luther King Jr.‘s struggle for civil rights was an undeniable force that shaped our nation. On this day of national service, we celebrate his vision of hope, his dream of equality and justice, and his deep faith in humanity. As communities across New Mexico come together to honor Dr. King’s life, let us renew our commitment to helping others and building a country where the doors of social and economic opportunity are open for everyone, regardless of who you are or where you’re from.
Today I participated in a forum with the Fargo, Moorhead, and West Fargo Chambers of Commerce where I talked about my first year in the Senate, provided an update on my legislative priorities for 2014, and took a few questions from Chamber members.
Today at the Precision Agriculture Action Summit in Jamestown and Crop Insurance Conference in Fargo, I spoke about the progress being made on the Farm Bill, and urged everyone to keep the pressure on lawmakers to get the job done. We are so close to a compromise Farm Bill.
On Martin Luther King Jr. Day, the words of his famous “I have a dream” speech continue to influence so many people, including me.   And this year, let’s follow his messages of hope & tolerance more than ever before.
Today as we mark Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, we reflect on his steadfast commitment to social justice and equality. We reflect on Dr. King's inspiring words and must all become drum majors in our own time and our own communities. That means fighting for jobs & a decent wage. Fighting to ensure equal opportunity. And fighting for our children's futures. Today we see how far we've come and recommit ourselves to continuing the fight for progress and hope for a better future.
NA
“Eighty-five years ago, a man was born who would change the course of history, and whose inspiration would bend the ‘arc of the moral universe’ toward justice. Dr. King was a champion for justice, and a spokesman for peace, and his long struggle and sacrifice are just as relevant to us all today as they were when he lived. I join all Missourians in honoring the legacy of this great man, and in recommitting ourselves to the great unfinished work of achieving equality and justice for all people.” -Claire
Great to spend some time with dedicated college students participating in MLK day of service.
Today we honor the legacy of a great American who, in a short lifetime, set in motion a chain of events that reshaped our nation for generations to come and brought us closer to the ideal that all are created equal. That legacy is evident today from the Las Vegas Strip, to the streets of Selma, Alabama.   Dr. King firmly believed we could realize the promise enshrined in our founding documents: no matter the color of our skin; no matter our culture, national origin, or who we love; we are all the same under the law and deserve the same set of opportunities. As we continue many of Dr. King’s struggles today, such as the fight to reduce poverty, we should pause to remember the sacrifices he made for this nation. We should remember today that each one of us has a responsibility to honor his legacy and bring America closer to the ideal of equality and a more perfect union.
Dr. King held a mirror up to America & made it a better place, held a mirror up to each of us & made us better ppl
Happy #MLK Day everyone.   Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. invigorated this country through his fights for social and economic justice and equality for all Americans.  Since my childhood where I witnessed segregation firsthand, the principle that discrimination has no place in our country has stayed close to my heart. In fact, one of my proudest days as Governor was signing into law the bill making Martin Luther King, Jr. Day a state holiday.    However, I also understand that we have yet to fully achieve Dr. King’s dream. While it’s true that because of his efforts it is no longer acceptable as a matter of law to discriminate on the basis of race, religion, gender or ethnicity, it’s also an unfortunate reality that all Americans still do not enjoy equal protections under the law because of their sexual orientation or that social mobility is slowly grinding to a halt.    The best way to honor Dr. King’s legacy is to recommit ourselves to his dream of a country of equal opportunity for all Americans. Our work is not complete, but I remain confident that if we work together, we will one day truly achieve his vision for our country.  -JS
“Today, we honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., a civil rights icon whose powerful voice spoke out for the oppressed and marginalized.  When faced with intolerance, injustice, and hatred, Dr. King responded with compassion, hopefulness, and service.  His values and principles have made us a stronger people and a greater country.   “Having recently made marriage equality a reality in Hawai‘i, it is fitting to recall the words of Dr. King to our State Legislature in 1959 when he described Hawai‘i  as 'a place where we see the glowing daybreak of freedom and dignity and racial justice.’  We can be proud that Dr. King saw these virtues in our people, and that we are carrying on in dignity and honor the cause of equal rights for all.” - BES
Very honored to be at the 18th Annual Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Community Commemorative Breakfast in Albuquerque. Today we remember a great leader and a great teacher in Dr King. We honor what he stood for, what he fought for and what he died for. We also remember all that remains to be done. On this day, let his memory once again inspire us, challenge us and move us forward.
Serving others is a wonderful way to honor the legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr. - and today, Serve Rhode Island is inviting members of our community to help them do just that.  Learn more below and if you can find the time, please join them.
Telling the story of one of my personal heroes, Virginia's own Barbara Rose Johns, at #MLKDay celebration in Woodbridge. More on Barbara Johns: http://to.pbs.org/1mvALRx
Celebrate the life and honoring the great work of Martin Luther King, Jr. at events this morning in Woodbridge and Reston.
