The bipartisan Hermosa Creek Watershed Protection Act is a "big deal," especially for southwestern, Colorado. This article, by Megan Graham of the Durango Herald, highlights the importance of passing this bill we're carrying with Representative Tipton, to protect more than 100,000 acres of watershed.  http://www.durangoherald.com/article/20131207/COLUMNISTS55/131209648
Tonight I had the pleasure of attending one of my favorite events of the year: Taste of Delaware. Thanks to U.S. Senator Chris Coons and the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce for bringing all these tasty treats from the First State to our nation's capital.
Delaware’s located at the end of what I call “America’s tailpipe” when it comes to air pollution, causing health issues for our residents and creating an uneven playing field for businesses.   That’s why I’m joining an effort urging the EPA to take action now by requiring upwind states to reduce their emissions.
In Philadelphia today to call for passage of a new plan to provide background checks for childcare workers.
NA
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of Elkhart’s Sarah Crane today, who after bravely battling stage four colon cancer for the past five months, passed away this weekend at the age of 15. Sarah’s memory will continue to encourage and inspire all of us—in Elkhart, in Indiana, and across the country. Learn more about Sarah’s amazing story at http://sarahstrong.org/. #SarahStrong
On Sunday, Senator Donnelly met with members of Girl Scout Troop 119 of Shelbyville to sign holiday cards for wounded Hoosier National Guard Members. The girls are sending 72 cards to Fort Knox, Kentucky, where the soldiers are currently recovering.
Christmas isn't just a holiday, it's a food preference.
This striking graph shows why it's so important that we address income inequality in America.
Today I participated in the U.S. Department of Justice’s Task Force on American Indian/Alaskan Native Children Exposed to Violence. Since working as Attorney General in the 1990s, I have spent a great deal of time in Indian Country, seeing firsthand the obstacles Tribal governments confront in responding to the needs of Native children. We need to do everything possible to make sure our Native children have the same opportunities as others. This DOJ Task Force will be an important tool to help us reach our goals, and combined with my Commission on Native Children bill to help improve the lives of Native children, we can make that happen.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=98cdae76-ba19-4c86-a097-dc9cf6b5e86a
I'm excited to announce that the National Endowment for the Humanities has chosen Waynesboro Public Library as a location for its Changing America exhibition that explores American history from the movement for Emancipation to the Civil Rights era.
"The 2013 winner of top political player on Capitol Hill is…  Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.).  The senator stands out as the leader of the Democrats’ historic move to go to the “nuclear option,” ending the paralysis by threat of filibuster that tied the Senate in knots for the last five years."
Congratulations to all 2013 Super Six State Championship players. Great story on this weekend's best moments.
ICYMI: Senator Shaheen in today's POLITICO on New Hampshire's historic all-female congressional delegation, where women really rule.
Saturday, Senator Shaheen joined her congressional colleagues, Governor Maggie Hassan and military leadership to honor and thank the men and women of the 169th MEDEVAC unit for their dedicated service and congratulate them on their successful mission in Afghanistan.   The 169th MEDEVAC unit was mobilized in September 2012 to support Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. Made up of National Guard MEDEVAC units from four separate states, it became known as “JIGSAW” to represent the joining of the various units. From their bases in Afghanistan, JIGSAW performed 471 lifesaving missions and carried 527 patients to higher levels of care. Members of the 169th MEDEVAC unit received numerous awards while deployed including Bronze Stars, Air Medals, Army Accommodation Medals, Combat Action Badges and Combat Medical Badges.
Today the Senate is debating a ban on undetectable guns, including plastic and 3D printed guns, which do not show up on x-ray machines or metal detectors.  Senator Schatz is working to pass additional safety measures on these guns.  “This is about the safety of children and families in Hawai‘i and across the country. Without this ban, dangerous people will be free to use new technology, like 3D printing, to produce and carry guns that cannot be detected through x-rays.  The Senate must act to prevent deadly uses of undetectable firearms.” - BES  http://dc808.blogs.civilbeat.com/post/69415648724/schatz-wants-10-year-ban-on-undetectable-guns
Senator Schatz visited UH Manoa to talk story with students about public service.  He also discussed the rising cost of college and the work he’s doing in Congress to make sure college is within reach and affordable for Hawai’i families and students.  “Your opportunity is limited only by your vision.” - BES  http://www.staradvertiser.com/news/breaking/20131208_Youngest_US_senators_Schatz_Murphy_want_to_lower_college_costs.html 
Over the last 30 years, the cost of college has increased by 300 percent,  forcing some students to take on crushing student loan burdens or putting a degree entirely out of reach for others. Despite the federal government investing more money than ever to help students pay for college, student loan debt is now the highest form of personal debt in the nation, reaching over $1.1 trillion.
 
 In Hawai‘i, in-state tuition for four-year public colleges has doubled since 2006 - one of the steepest tuition increases in the country.
 
 Senator Schatz thinks the rising college cost of college is one of the biggest middle-class issues of our time, which is why he's introducing legislation to help make college more affordable.
 
 http://www.staradvertiser.com/news/breaking/20131208_Youngest_US_senators_Schatz_Murphy_want_to_lower_college_costs.html?mobile=true
Today is the first day of Computer Science Education Week, which is dedicated to helping kids learn about computer programming. Computer science is a top-paying college degree and computer programming jobs are growing at twice the national average, but 9 out of 10 schools don’t offer computer programming classes. Fewer than 5% of Virginia public school students will even experience computer science before graduating.  That's why I'm excited about the great work being done by the nonprofit Code.org, which is helping to inspire kids not just to use computer applications, but to help create those applications. Their program #HourOfCode helps demystify computer science and teaches kids and adults alike simple programming language.  Watch the video below for a message from me about Hour of Code.
