"I regret that some in Congress have once again delivered us to the doorstep of an economic crisis, but I will continue to do everything I can to bring us back."
Call on Speaker Boehner to let his members vote up or down on the Senate-passed funding bill to avoid a government shutdown. #LetThemVote #NoShutdown
If the Republicans in the House of Representatives don’t stop holding our economy hostage by continuing to insist on attaching controversial add-ons to a must-pass government funding bill, it could cost taxpayers $100 million per day and could lead to the furlough of 7,000 federal workers in North Dakota.  That’s just reckless.  The House should pass the clean bill the Senate already passed, so we can move on and work on the many major issues facing our country.
The health care reform law isn’t perfect, and I hope to make improvements moving forward.  But the fact remains that it will provide health coverage for more than 20 million uninsured Americans. Starting on October 1, North Dakotans are able to compare private health insurance options in a competitive marketplace. No matter how North Dakotans feel about the law, I want to make sure they understand their coverage options, how the law may impact them, and have a central location to find answers to their questions.  That’s what my new webpage aims to accomplish, and I hope North Dakotans take advantage of it.
Stand up for ND farmers  Farmers across the United States are suffering because of uncertainty created in Washington. Nowhere is this uncertainty hurting us more than in North Dakota. We are a state steeped in agriculture, and it is a vital part of our economy. The time for political fighting must end. We need to pass a long-term, comprehensive farm bill to protect farmers, ranchers and low-income families.  North Dakota is the No. 1 producer of 13 key domestic crops grown on our farms. From wheat and barley to beans and sunflowers, we do it all. Agriculture feeds our families. It creates jobs throughout North Dakota. In other states, the farm bill may not be as much of a priority, but in North Dakota, it means a world of difference.  Passing a farm bill has been my top priority since I joined the Senate. And in June, the Senate passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan, comprehensive, and long-term farm bill, which I supported. The bill is the product of compromise, which means everybody gives a little in order to come to an agreement that serves the greater good.  The Senate-passed bill offers farmers and ranchers certainty. The bill responsibly saves $24 billion in federal funding by improving farm programs and making them more efficient. The compromise protects the more than 16 million American jobs supported by agriculture. It helps strengthen our rural communities as agriculture continues to grow.  There’s just one problem: Republicans in the House of Representatives don’t want to compromise. Despite the strong bipartisan support of the Senate bill, the House decided to go in a different direction, splitting up the farm programs and nutrition assistance programs into two separate bills. The House slashed nutrition assistance for about 4 million low-income working parents, children, seniors, veterans and people who are disabled. Not only is this a reckless direction to take, but it also jeopardizes passage of a farm bill in Congress; such stark cuts won’t pass the Senate.  For the past five decades, the farm bill has not been a political issue. Forged through decades of a successful rural-urban coalition in Congress, the farm bill has supported programs that provide a safety-net for families struggling through economic crises at home and farmers experiencing catastrophe in the field. Once these pieces are separated, the rural-urban coalition collapses and the support needed to defend farm programs deteriorates. This is what House Republicans are hoping to accomplish.  We all need to wake up and realize the detrimental impact that not having a farm bill will have on our lives.  I will continue to fight tooth and nail to stand up for farmers and ranchers across North Dakota. I hope the House will come to the table and join me so that we can provide the certainty our farmers and ranchers desperately need to remain strong for decades to come. We can do better, and now is the time to seize that opportunity with a strong farm bill.
NA
NA
Hosting a Google hangout at 4pm to talk govt shutdown & impact on CT. Post your questions below for me to answer live during the event. Tune in http://bit.ly/1dSbnA9
“Real people are going to be hurt here. This isn’t just about who’s on the Sunday morning shows. Who’s your primary opponent. What are they saying on cable news. This is about real folks and we need to be focused on them. So I implore you Speaker Boehner, let your members vote. Just let them vote…and if it’s defeated then let’s talk, but I bet you a cup of coffee it won’t be.” - Claire  #LetHouseVote
Have you or someone you know ever been the victim of a "patent troll’s" deceptive tactics? As chairman of the Senate’s Consumer Protection Subcommittee, Claire’s looking at the impact patent trolls are having on consumers and small businesses.   Tell her your story on her website, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=form&id=45
The House needs to stop the economic blackmail and pass a clean spending bill without the political games. We can avert a government shutdown if the House would let there be a vote on the Senate bill.
Senator Jack Reed welcomed 63 Rhode Island World War II veterans to our nation’s capital to thank them for their service to our country.
Republicans have long opposed expanding health care. Here's proof that I keep in my wallet.
Open enrollment under the Affordable Care Act begins tomorrow.  To enroll or learn more about how to get quality, affordable healthcare through the Hawai‘i Health Connector, visit www.hawaiihealthconnector.com
It is disappointing that the House majority is prepared to shut down the federal government in its continuing ideological opposition to the Affordable Care Act. This is not a responsible way to conduct our nation’s business. It threatens the economic recovery. It also is not fair to target the federal workforce to bear the brunt of this dysfunction. The Senate has now sent a clean interim spending measure to the House twice – a measure which already reflects compromise between the Senate and House spending plans. The House leadership should allow members to cast an up-or-down vote.
