CARDIN SAYS U.S. SHOULD SUPPORT PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES WORLDWIDE  “Accessibility and Opportunity Should Not End at Our Border”  WASHINGTON -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, called today for #Senate ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD). The United States has already established strong support for the rights of people with disabilities through the Americans with Disabilities Act and ratification of the CRPD would provide an opportunity to advance these values worldwide.  “We should be proud, as Americans, of our Nation’s leadership in making it easier for people with disabilities to participate fully in society, to have equal access to educational, economic, and social opportunities for self-fulfillment and advancement. By ratifying the CRPD, the United States would have a say in how people with disabilities are treated around the world,” Senator Cardin said, “And with Veterans Day just around the corner, we owe it to our disabled veterans and our wounded warriors to ensure that they have the same opportunities and protections as other Americans when they travel, work, and study abroad.”  Today’s hearing in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee was one of two hearings on the United Nations Convention of on the Rights of Persons with #Disabilities. Senator Cardin was pleased to acknowledge Marylander Rhonda Neuhaus who attended today’s hearing. Ms. Neuhaus is a graduate of the University of Maryland School of Law and a bilateral amputee. Ms. Neuhaus knows firsthand the importance of ratifying the treaty and has spent much of her career working to implement the #CRPD internationally.
#MD prohibits employment discrimination based on sexual orientation. Most states allow it, we need to #PassENDA.
“I’m proud to join my colleagues in supporting this important legislation that protects all Americans against any form of discrimination in the workplace regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Our country was founded on the core principle that all citizens are created equal.  It’s time to remember that principle, and work to protect the civil rights of all Americans.” #ENDA
Today, I was happy to welcome the Reverend Doctor Gregory Knox Jones and his family to Washington where he delivered the opening prayer in the Senate Chamber as Senate Guest Chaplain. Dr. Jones is Senior Pastor/Head of Staff at Westminster Presbyterian Church in Wilmington and is currently in his 36th year of parish ministry. He also just finished the NYC Marathon on Sunday, so it’s been quite a week.  I’m glad I was able to invite a fellow Delawarean to D.C. and give him and his wonderful family a tour of the U.S. Capitol.
Today my letter to the editor in the Cape Gazette sets the record straight about a common misconception about members of Congress and the Affordable Care Act.   The health care law requires me and all members of Congress and their staff to enroll in and purchase health insurance through the new exchanges or marketplace by January 2014.   Find a myths vs. facts page about the Affordable Care Act which debunks common misconceptions here: http://1.usa.gov/1a5m6Wu
Proud to join 60 of my colleagues today in voting to #PassENDA &end #LGBT discrimination in the workplace.
#GoodNews: The Indiana Clinical and Translational Sciences Institute has received a $30 million grant from the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This partnership between IU, Purdue, and Notre Dame will allow Indiana’s best and brightest scientists to continue making critical research discoveries that will lead to new treatments for patients.
Did you know more than one million children and adults in the Hoosier State live with diabetes and pre-diabetes?  During American Diabetes Month, learn how you can join the American Diabetes Association in the fight to stop diabetes.
During our state’s brutally cold winters, home heating assistance is vitally important for thousands of North Dakotans. Last Friday, I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in urging the Administration to release emergency home heating assistance funds for states to help families prepare for the cold. And today, those funds were released, leading to $222,900 in federal home heating assistance funding for North Dakota. No family should have to choose between putting food on the table for their family and keeping their kids warm at night, and now many North Dakotans shouldn’t have to make that choice.
Check out this summary about my Twitter town hall about the Farm Bill from last week to learn more about issues important to North Dakotans and how I am fighting for the longer-term, comprehensive Farm Bill North Dakotans deserve. I’ll be holding more Twitter town halls in the future.
I am so glad I had the chance to say a quick hello to Sue Mosser, from Medora, yesterday.
Proud to vote today to #PassENDA and end LGBT discrimination in the workplace.
At today’s Foreign Relations Committee hearing I expressed my support for the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities because I believe the world should follow the U.S. gold standard of non-discrimination toward persons with disabilities. At today's hearing, Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth, a disabled veteran and the House sponsor of my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, described how CRPD would make it easier for American disabled persons to live, work, and study abroad. It’s time we ratify CRPD and reaffirm that all people are created equal and should be treated equally.
Tune in to our hearing about the Disability Treaty in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee at 2:30 today. 
 
 Live stream: http://www.foreign.senate.gov/ 
 
 This treaty helps the 5.5 million American veterans with disabilities working, studying or traveling abroad, and the 1 billion people with disabilities around the world. It’s time the U.S. ratified it!
Finally, the U.S. Senate stood up to end LGBT discrimination in the workplace.   Now, it’s time for the House to do the same.   Read my full statement here: bit.ly/1ffAbTl
In her ongoing fight to curb military sexual assaults, Claire today introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Roy Blunt that would open a new front in the battle.  Senator Barbara Boxer, U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator Kirsten Gillibrand joined them in sponsoring the bill that would amend Article 32 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) to help prevent abusive treatment of sexual assault survivors in a pre-trial setting.                                                   Claire's legislation has already garnered the endorsement of key groups including, the Service Women's Action Network (SWAN) and Protect Our Defenders.
Talked with Rachel Maddow last night about the importance of ending LGBT employment discrimination. It's time to #PassENDA. Everyone deserves the right to work hard and earn a living.
I strongly encourage all West Virginia veterans to participate in this Facebook chat tomorrow, Wednesday, Nov. 6 from 12-1 p.m. to learn more about your deserved benefits.  Step 1:  Visit the U.S. Army’s Facebook page. Step 2: Look for the most recent update pinned to the top of the timeline. It will be visible at the top left side of the page. Step 3: Type your question in the box that reads, “Write a comment…”
Few Americans in our history have acted with the courage and valor of World War II veteran, Medal of Honor recipient and proud West Virginian Hershel "Woody" Williams.   He is among 12 Medal of Honor recipients whose picture will be featured on the "Medal of Honor" Forever stamps. These vets are the heart and soul of what distinguishes this country, and I'm pleased that they are being honored in this special way for Veterans Day.  In honor of Veterans Day next week, I'll be posting helpful information on my page for our West Virginia vets. I'll also post tips on ways we can all thank our brave veterans every day for their sacrifice and service.   
GPS devices are a perfect example of #tech solving centuries old problems & making everyday life better.
I get my best ideas by meeting with folks across Montana.  I recently traveled around our state and met with women's health providers, firefighters, students – and even referees – who want Congress to work better and do right by Montana.
On November 14, I'm proud to host the Women’s Career Success Conference with the The Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce to help New Mexico women enhance their careers. Click below to learn more and join us for this free conference:
The Senate took an important step today toward protecting LGBT Americans from workplace discrimination. Clearing a major procedural hurdle with a bipartisan filibuster-proof vote shows the progress we've made in the Senate and in our country. I am proud to be a cosponsor of ENDA because New Mexicans and all Americans should be able to work without fear of being harassed, being denied a promotion or losing their jobs just because of who they are.
  
 This bill is about fairness, and it strikes the right balance between job protections while providing certain exemptions for small businesses and religious organizations. I look forward to the debate this week, and hope we end up with another historic, bipartisan vote to pass this important legislation.
Today, I cast my vote in favor of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). Rhode Island is fortunate enough to have laws in place that protect LGBT employees from discrimination - now it's time for federal law to catch up and protect employees in EVERY state.   Click LIKE and SHARE if you agree it's time for Congress to pass ENDA.
