Solid jobs report. Now let’s raise the minimum wage and make sure our workers don’t live in poverty.
Interested in raising equity online? Tune in to our CrowdFunding Forum Live Stream on YouTube Live. A panel of experts will be taking questions and discussing this new way to start and grow small businesses. Tweet questions with the has tag #CrowdFundCO.
“No other group of predominantly middle class Americans has contributed to deficit reduction the way federal workers have.”   WASHINGTON – Saying clearly that “federal workers have sacrificed enough,” U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-#Md.) sent a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-#Nev.) urging him to abide by budget agreements made last year that “federal workers would not serve as a ‘piggybank’ again, especially for shorter term budget deals.”   Senator Cardin was specific in his request: “… in any budget agreement, there should be no further erosion in federal workers’ compensation or benefits, even in exchange for a limited respite from #sequestration, however desirable that goal is.”   Totally more than $115 billion, federal workers have contributed enough to end our #fiscal crisis through multi-year pay freezes, #furloughs and budget cuts, Senator Cardin said. “No other group of predominantly #middleclass Americans has contributed to deficit reduction the way federal workers have.  This relentless attack isn’t just devastating to morale; it’s hurting our country and the economy,” he warned in his letter. The impact goes well beyond the National Capital Region.    The full text of the letter follows    http://www.cardin.senate.gov/download/federal-workers-letter
WASHINGTON - U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.) today released figures highlighting the more than 2.5 million consumers in Maryland with pre-existing conditions who, under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), will be protected from discrimination by insurance companies based on their health status.  Beginning January 1, 2014, because of the health care law, insurance companies will be prohibited from denying health coverage for the up to 129 million Americans – including up to 2,543,000 1 in Maryland – with pre-existing conditions such as cancer, asthma, diabetes, or seemingly minor issues like back problems or allergies. Insurance companies also will no longer be able to charge higher premiums based on health status or history. Since 2010, the Affordable Care Act has prohibited insurance companies from denying coverage to the up to 17 million children with pre-existing conditions – including up to 320,000 in Maryland.     “Better, more affordable coverage is finally going to be available to the million Americans with pre-existing conditions. For years, constituents have complained to me that they have been blocked from taking better jobs or trapped in subpar policies because they feared a minor pre-existing condition would keep them from getting new coverage. No longer will they be at the mercy of insurance companies that care more about profits than people,” said Senator Cardin. “The fundamentals of the Affordable Care Act continue to pay dividends for Marylanders, including providing access to preventive and lifesaving health services that will help them stay healthy and avoid more serious medical complications.”     The ACA contains several patient-friendly protections that Senator Cardin championed, including: universal dental coverage for children; a guarantee of patients’ rights, including access to emergency medical services; patient choice of primary care providers and pediatricians; and direct access to ob/gyns for women.  He also fought for the elimination of copays and deductibles for Medicare preventive services and secured the establishment of the HHS Offices of Minority Health and the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities at the National Institutes of Health.
It was great to be in my home county, New Castle County, today where I visited Appoquinimink High School, the MOT Senior Center and the new Christiana Care's new Middletown emergency department.
As Pittsburgh dedicates their WWII memorial to the brave men and women of our armed forces, we are reminded of the great sacrifices they made. Tomorrow we take the opportunity to reflect upon the 72nd anniversary of Pearl Harbor. While that event may have occurred decades ago, the courage and honor with which our servicemembers serve remains eternal.
Senator Coons appeared this morning on MSNBC's Daily Rundown to reflect on the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela, and to talk about his own experience fighting apartheid in South Africa in the 1980s. Watch his interview below.
In case you missed it, POLITICO reported today that Wall Street economists still rate government dysfunction as the leading risk factor for our economy.  Senator Donnelly has repeatedly voiced this concern, calling for Congress to help, not hurt, the economy.  During the government shutdown, Donnelly spoke on the Senate floor about the negative impact Congress is having on the U.S. and Hoosier economies.   Donnelly said in October, “I think we need more people focused on what’s best for Indiana, what’s best for our nation, and less about what’s best in politics."
Here's a photo of my travels from Indianapolis to Greensburg this morning. We're off to Lafayette later today. Hoping Hoosiers stay safe on the road. -Joe
Twenty years ago, the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act became the law of the land, requiring background checks on all gun sales by licensed dealers. But the law does not require background checks on the estimated 40 percent of gun transfers made between private parties.
I stopped in at the Jamestown Senior Center today to serve lunch to and chat with area senior citizens. Giving back to our communities is important, especially during the holiday season. I encourage all North Dakotans to find time to give back this holiday season.
Today I had the chance to visit the Norfolk-based USS San Jacinto in Bahrain and meet with Virginians serving with the U.S. Navy’s Fifth Fleet and Combined Maritime Forces. I talked with them about a range of issues, from the ongoing budget negotiations in the Senate, to bigger picture security challenges facing the region, to why traffic is still so bad in Hampton Roads. I walked away with a sense of pride and admiration for their dedication and the important work they’re doing in Bahrain.
Nelson Mandela is a legend for our times and for the ages.  He was the world’s compass through the dark night of South African apartheid, leading his country into the light.  The images of his walk to freedom through the prison gates are etched in our memories and on the pages of history.
 
 His courage is a lesson to us all, and so is his selflessness.  I will always cherish the memory of meeting with him when he came to the Capitol in 1994.  I had the honor of serving on the Senate’s escort committee to accompany him to the House Chamber for his address to a joint meeting of Congress.  Sitting together in a room off the House floor, I said to him, “Mr. President, you spent decades in prison, unjustly, yet you don’t seem bitter.”  He replied, “Patrick, because of my imprisonment I was able to lead my country out of apartheid.  For that I do not feel bitterness, but joy.” 
 
 The world, his beloved nation and humankind are incalculably richer for his leadership and for his example. 
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/comments-of-senator-patrick-leahy-d-vt-president-pro-tempore-of-the-senate-on-the-death-of-nelson-mandela
I extend my deepest sympathies to Nelson Mandela's family, and the people of South Africa for his loss. But I know that his journey will continue, and justice will persevere.  I join the world in mourning the passing of a visionary leader, Nelson Mandela.  He was a tireless champion of justice and peace. His willingness to sacrifice his freedom for the freedom of others was an inspiration to so many – Senators and South Africans alike.   Nelson Mandela may have fought for freedom in South Africa, but his moral courage brought hope to people all over the world. The world watched as he sought to vanquish the evils of apartheid, was held captive in Robben Island, and became the first black president of a democratic South Africa. Yet his unimaginable struggles accompany incredible achievements. For as Frederick Douglas said, ‘If there is no struggle, there is no progress.’  As we celebrate the life of this incomparable man, we recommit ourselves to the cause of freedom and equality. We look ahead at the promise of a brighter future for our children and grandchildren. We have come a long way. Old obstacles have been demolished. The promise of equality and freedom remain within our grasp. But we have a long way to go, and cannot walk the path alone. As Nelson Mandela knew, there is no easy walk to freedom. But he knew we could do it together.
Senator Mikulski joined Crisfield Mayor P.J. Purnell, local officials and residents to cut the ribbon on the new Crisfield Depot pier, devastated by Super Storm Sandy. The pier plays a critical role for commerce and jobs in Crisfield and was restored with funding from MDOT, FHWA, DNR and federal CDBG. CDBG disaster funds are flexible aid for states and localities that can be used to address severely damaged housing, infrastructure, and assist with economic development in areas impacted by Sandy.  As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator Mikulski has fought for more than $73.5 million in federal funds related to Super-Storm Sandy for Maryland communities.
"I had way too much fun in college. These songs take me back to those years. If you're close to my age they should bring back memories. Thanks Mizzou for a great education and a great time. And for all those watching tomorrow's big game, M-I-Z..." -Claire
My statement on the EPA Administrator’s trip to China: It is unfortunate that Gina McCarthy continues to hold energy hearings across the country and across the world and still refuses to travel to the front lines here in West Virginia. If she wants to discuss how we can clean up the environment and reduce emissions, she should come to our state, where some of our top-producing mines are less than five hours outside of Washington. We have expressed over and over our willingness to have an honest conversation about balancing our energy and environmental needs. If we are going to find the technology, let’s do it here in America and in West Virginia.    I understand her decision to travel to China, but while the EPA is focusing their efforts on foreign countries, they are ignoring the pain they are causing hard-working families in mining states like ours, who are being impacted by regulations that are shutting down mines and killings good-paying jobs.  I believe that the lessons that she can learn in Marshall, Boone and Logan counties and every mining county in this state are every bit as important as the ones she will learn in Beijing, Shanghai and Hong Kong.
Today on National Miner's Day, we honor and celebrate the bravest and most patriotic men and women I have ever met in my life. You can’t talk about coal without talking about coal miners. My own family first came to America to work in the mines. Growing up in the small coal-mining town of Farmington, I saw just how proud and courageous all the miners were. The fact is they deserve the same respect as our military veterans – because they go down into the mines for the same reasons that our veterans took up arms. It’s not just a job – it’s a calling, a way of life, even an act of patriotism in the defense of this great country. I have always fought for and pledge to continue to fight for coal, and I hope that our miners know that as long as there's coal to mine, I will proudly stand by their side. I urge all West Virginians today to show appreciation for our hardworking miners and the mining families of this great state and our nation.  To learn more about National Miner's Day, please click here.  http://www.minersday.org/
We need to raise the minimum wage, because too many Americans who are working full-time are still struggling to make ends meet.
My thoughts are with Nelson Mandela’s family and with the people of South Africa during this difficult time. As both the emancipator of a people and the founder of a modern democracy, Mandela was one of the truly unique and transcendent figures of our time. Mandela embodied the very spirit of democracy, freedom, and equality. He leaves behind an incredible legacy that will not be forgotten, and which will continue to inspire current and future leaders for generations to come.
NA
I talked with Fresh Tracks host Randy Newberg about the importance of expanding access to Montana's public lands for hunters, anglers, and outdoorsmen and women.
Our World War II veterans were part of the greatest generation, and they served and sacrificed with distinction and honor. I was so proud to present lifelong Woonsocket resident and WWII veteran George Bourque with U.S. military medals he never received after his discharge, and thank him for all that he did for our country.
Reminder: Saturday, December 7 is the Medicare Open Enrollment Deadline. You can learn more at Medicare.gov or call their helpline at 1-800-633-4227. Please SHARE this information if you have friends or family on Medicare.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of South Africa today following the passing of Nelson Mandela.  His life shows how courage and persistence can bring down the strongest walls of wrong and injustice.  He will be greatly missed, but his legacy will live on.
Thanks to Obamacare, 129 million Americans, including ≈463,000 in Rhode Island, no longer have to live in fear of these words.
Before the December holiday season gets into full swing, and as Congress returns for its last work period of the year, I wanted to provide you with a quick update on our recent efforts to strengthen Virginia’s economic recovery and improve Washington’s fiscal accountability to taxpayers.   While it often appears that Washington is hopelessly gridlocked because of partisanship, I want you to know I appreciate this opportunity to represent you in the U.S. Senate. And I will always fight for commonsense, bipartisan solutions that strengthen the economy for you and for Virginia families and businesses.
Special delivery to our DC office today - a beautiful 15ft Frasier Fir from Whitetop, VA! The Virginia Christmas tree industry approached $50 million a year, and for every tree harvested, 2-3 seedlings are planted in their place. NOW it's Christmas!
NA
Our second contest winning photo comes from the home of the Hokies - beautiful Blacksburg! Thanks to Joey Sarver for sharing this great shot.
