Republicans want to make a profit from students – their plan would more than double the interest rates.  Students may not have expensive lobbyists, but that doesn’t make it right to try to balance our budget on their backs. #dontdoublemyrate
Shamefully, Congress failed to act before today’s deadline to prevent student loan interest rates from doubling. This is an issue on which we should all agree. I call on Congress to return immediately to Washington and pass legislation that will retroactively prevent this de facto tax increase on young people already struggling under mountains of debt. At a time when Americans owe more than $1.2 trillion in student loans debt, the last thing we should do is make college more expensive for students and their families. There is still time to undo this rate increase before borrowers feel its pinch. It is imperative that we act quickly, and show young people across this country that we are committed to easing the student loan debt crisis.
 
 To that end, last week I encouraged young people everywhere to participate boldly in this process, join my social media campaign for action, and ensure that their voices are heard. A year ago, students took to Twitter and Facebook and made the hashtag #DontDoubleMyRate trend nationally. That message successfully forced action then, and it has the power to do so again today. Make yourselves heard, and make Congress listen.
 
 Read your fellow students & grads share their stories and then share yours with me here on Facebook or on Twitter at @SenBlumenthal.
 
 http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/blog/dont-double-my-rate
Ben- Thoughts and prayers are with the friends and families of the 19 first-responders who gave their lives in the line of duty. It is a sobering reminder of the great risks and sacrifices our first responders endure to protect us all.
I'm so pleased that California's budget provides $15 million/year to UC Riverside Medical School, the first new public medical school on the West Coast in 50 years.
I was thrilled to see marriage equality return to California this weekend as the first gay couples received marriage licenses.
Our country mourns the loss of nineteen firefighters who were killed in the line of duty outside Yarnell, Arizona. These men were true American heroes--bravely battling the blazes that plague the Southwest and reminding us of the grave risks firefighters take every day to protect families and communities across the country. I join New Mexicans in keeping our neighbors in Arizona in our thoughts and prayers as we grapple with this awful tragedy."
Great group in Dickinson, #NorthDakota discussing the unique issues facing #veterans in the western part of our state.
Most helpful part about the #veterans tour is talking to folks in the clinics about their experiences with the VA.  Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA), U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
At #Bismarck VA facility. Hearing directly from the folks who dedicate their lives to caring for our #veterans.
As part of my #veterans tour, vets are able to voice their concerns directly to VA officials, and get responses.
Very moving ceremony today at Scheels to honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. Be sure to check out the 'Remembering Our Fallen' traveling display in #Bismarck this month.
This week we celebrate the anniversary of our nation's independence. And on Thursday, in celebrations all over this country, someone will read those powerful words written by Virginian Thomas Jefferson:  "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal…"  On July 4, 1776, those famous words became the North Star in our nation's political and moral firmament.  They're always there to guide us.  We've often gone astray, but there are also pivotal moments when we reconnect with equality as America's foundational value.  Last week gave us two of these pivotal moments.  On Wednesday, the Supreme Court ruled that equality means equality for all.  The rulings striking down the discriminatory federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) law and allowing California to proceed with same-sex marriages were justly celebrated.  After years of advocacy, persistence and suffering by LGBT Americans, our society and the Supreme Court took a huge step toward Jefferson's vision for our nation.  I was proud to support the Congressional amicus brief challenging DOMA and am proud to now be a sponsor of the Respect for Marriage Act to repeal remaining aspects of DOMA and proactively create a federal policy that respects and honors same-sex marriages performed in the states.  On Thursday, the Senate passed by an overwhelming margin a comprehensive reform of the nation's immigration laws, affirming that we will continue to be a nation that welcomes people from around the world to make their futures here.  So many had waited so long for this moment--particularly the young DREAMers who have never known a home other than America.  I'm proud to have worked hard to support this reform.  Truly, it was a week where our nation reoriented toward the star of equality.  There is more to do to promote equal treatment of LGBT Americans and Senate passage of immigration reform must be followed by success in the House as well.   But, it feels good on this wonderful holiday to give thanks for our progress.  This week also marks the 150th Anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg. Lincoln came to Gettysburg after the battle and boldly stated that our nation was "dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal" while also asking the assembled audience whether a nation dedicated to equality "can long endure."  We've answered Lincoln's question--as all generations must--by affirming that we will endure so long as we steer by the ideal that has been at the heart of the American experiment since its very first day.
Claire hosted a celebration at the Amtrak Train Station located in downtown Kirkwood to personally thank the station’s hardworking volunteers for their commitment to preserving and operating the historic train station for more than 10 years.   In 2002, the City of Kirkwood was on the verge of losing its historic train station due to budget constraints. However, the residents of the community banded together and the City of Kirkwood arranged to purchase the station from Amtrak. In doing so, the citizens saved the 120-year-old branch from decommission and preserved an iconic landmark in downtown Kirkwood.
Joined Providence Mayor Angel Taveras and young trainees from YouthBuild Providence to announce $1.1 million in federal funding to help give at-risk young people the opportunity to get a good education and the job skills they need to succeed.
I hope to see some of you later today in Las Vegas.
Democrats have a common-sense plan to prevent loan rates from doubling without adding to the deficit.
In Tucumcari touring the Dr. Dan Trigg Memorial Hospital and discussing rural health and telehealth issues.
Meeting with Quay County officials to discuss economic growth in New Mexico's rural communities.
