We’re still recovering from the greatest recession since the Great Depression. We must #RenewUI.
Milwaukee Area Technical College’s new green energy training programs will create exciting new partnerships for green collar jobs.
Today I toured Professor Richard Wool's lab at UD where he is working on creating materials from less toxic and more renewable sources - work that won him the EPA's Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge.
Congrats to Parthiban and Pradip, serial entrepreneurs who took advantage of an SBA loan to start their latest venture, The Green Turtle in Dover. It represents 140 jobs and another great example of government fostering private investment in our community.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Indiana University Cheerleading Program won their third straight national championship in Florida this past weekend. 
We're hearing tragic reports of accidents on the icy roads today. Please drive safely. -Joe
As we assess the derailment in Casselton and work to prevent future derailments, my top priority is safety. North Dakotans should not have any concern about feeling safe in their homes and communities. I called on the U.S. Department of Transportation and FRA to also make safety a priority and look at the quality of rail track around Casselton.  FRA issued new rules to promote the safety of railroad operations. Their effort to improve track safety shows the agency is listening, and it may lead to better track quality in North Dakota and throughout the country. 
The Devils Lake and Jamestown airports have experienced several problems with their Essential Air Service contracts. Senator Hoeven, Congressman Cramer and I are pushing U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx to support strong and dependable air service bids to these airports. Reliable air service to these communities helps boost the local economies and create good jobs. On Monday, I'm meeting with DOT to discuss these challenges and express our interest in the approval of reliable service for Jamestown and Devils Lake. 
Had a blast playing harmonica and talking with the kids from Big Brother Big Sister program at Oliver Hill House in Roanoke. Grateful to the volunteers for their service
Met with students and teachers at Asnuntuck Community College yesterday to get input for my manufacturing compact and discuss job training in Connecticut.
Yesterday I visited Willimantic to release a new report on the impact of the minimum wage on Connecticut's middle class. I was joined by Brianna, a minimum wage worker in the area who described her struggles to get by on the amount she makes. 
 
 Plain and simple: Raising the federal minimum wage will create jobs. Click here to read the report and learn how: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/minimum-wage
NA
Calling on Congress to raise the federal minimum wage with my friend Senator Wyden at Green Zebra Grocery in N. Portland.
NA
Throughout the week, Senator Manchin hosted meetings and town halls focused on creating jobs, honoring our veterans and seniors, helping families in need, strengthening small businesses and supporting local communities.
Today my staff and I welcomed West Virginians to my Charleston office for an open house before heading to the Home Builders Association's winter meeting. Thank you to all who came out during the "Connecting with West Virginians" tour this week. I will be taking all of you ideas and concerns with me back to Washington.
Extending emergency unemployment benefits is an urgent priority.
New combat rescue helicopters will protect & grow jobs & keep @LockheedMartin flying high in Tioga Co
Working w/ #Chautauqua Co & Jamestown officials to keep fed funding to preserve service at Jamestown Airport
Frank would have turned 90 today. Wish we were celebrating together. #tbt
We all know New Hampshire is a great place to live, work and raise a family, but it’s always nice to be recognized. It's even better when we’re not mistaken for Vermont.
I was proud to host Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell in Doña Ana County for a tour of the proposed Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument. The visit included a briefing and tour of the U.S.-Mexico border by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol officials, a hike in the Sierra de las Uvas, a press conference and a public meeting in Las Cruces.
Do you qualify for a financial boost through the Earned Income Tax Credit? Each year thousands of Rhode Islanders who qualify for this important benefit fail to claim it. I was happy to help spread the word about the EITC today at Rhode Island Community Action's Earned Income Tax Credit Campaign Kickoff in Woonsocket along with Treasurer Gina Raimondo, Mayor Baldelli-Hunt, Administrator Sullivan, United Way of Rhode Island, and a great crowd!  Learn more - including whether you qualify - at http://1.usa.gov/1be9rC4
Great to be in Williamsburg for a town hall meeting on this very cold morning.
NA
