Eliminating Syria’s declared chemical weapons stockpile without firing a shot is an enormous achievement that will help ensure that the Assad regime cannot use these horrific, outlawed weapons again.   This milestone wouldn't have been possible without the leadership of President Obama, the United States Senate, and our international partners, but our work is not done. We cannot rest until Syria fulfills its commitment to destroy the production facilities that could replenish these stockpiles.
Today, I met with members of the Connecticut Permanent Commission on the Status of Women, the Connecticut Association of Human Services, the Aurora Womenandgirlsfoundation, the Latino Puerto Rican Affairs Commission, and the Connecticut AFL-CIO to discuss efforts to close the gender pay gap.   We all have the same goal: to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act and help women achieve equal pay. It is unbelievable that in 2014 Republicans would obstruct this effort, but they have done exactly that. Currently, women earn $11,608 less per year than men. Let's keep working for change. Share this.
Yesterday, the United States government announced that #Syria’s most deadly declared chemical weapons have been destroyed.  Destruction of these weapons is a critical step in protecting the #Syrian people.  However, we cannot forget that just one year ago, 1,000 innocent Syrians were ruthlessly killed in a chemical weapons attack orchestrated by the #Assad regime. The United States can no longer allow the gross violation of human rights in Syria go unchallenged.   For this reason, I, along with Senator Rubio and Senator Kaine, introduced legislation establishing a Syria-specific standard of reporting and accountability for crimes against humanity. The bill would require the U.S. Department of State to report to relevant congressional committees on war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Syria. This legislation sends a strong message to the international community that the United States remains firmly committed to bringing all perpetrators of international crimes in Syria to justice. Shedding light on the atrocities in Syria is critical to prosecuting human rights abusers.
Maryland’s veterans are bringing their world class commitment to excellence and skills to the civilian world. This partnership is good news for our veterans and our local communities. I have long been a fan of the VIP program, which taps into the incredible leadership skills of our veteran business community and leverages those skills to help our veterans grow their businesses and create jobs.  
If you're among the nearly 1,000 people in need of dental care in Kent County, check out Westside Family Healthcare's new clinic in Dover.
Interested in working for Sen. Coons in Washington or Delaware? Apply for a Fall 2014 internship! Applications received by Sept. 1 will be given priority. 
Know a High School student interested in learning more about government and public service? The U.S. Senate Youth Program 2015 application is now open. The deadline to apply is October 3. Learn more at http://www.hearstfdn.org/ussyp/.
At today’s Lake Tahoe Summit, I was joined by an esteemed group of leaders committed to the welfare of Tahoe. This summit injects energy into public-private partnership, which is essential for Tahoe to thrive. Protecting Tahoe includes taking action against climate change—a wide range of problems will occur if we do nothing.
Today I brought a top official with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to North Dakota to press the agency about the need for a permanent flood control plan for the city and Souris River Basin to better protect residents. The 2011 flood damaged more than 4,100 homes in Minot, Ward County and the Souris River Basin and forced more than 11,000 people from their homes. The best way to protect North Dakotans from destructive flooding is to make sure there is a long-term, permanent flood protection plan in place, and I’ll keep pressing the Army Corps to make that happen. http://1.usa.gov/1w65b41
Today I joined the White House Drug Czar to release a new national strategy to combat drug crimes and trafficking across the country, with a particular focus on addressing the growing drug problems in North Dakota.  As North Dakota’s former Attorney General, I understand the law enforcement challenges facing our state, and making sure North Dakota’s families and communities are safe is a must. The Administration has taken our concerns seriously since I brought the former Drug Czar to our state last summer, and pledged to dedicate resources to combat drug crime in North Dakota. Since then, the Administration has followed up with real action and support, and today’s announcement is another step in continuing that pledge. http://1.usa.gov/1pY1jvS
I’m proud to join Representatives Rob Wittman, Scott Rigell, and Bobby Scott to invite high school and middle school students, their parents, and guidance counselors to Service Academy Day 2014 this Saturday, August 23 in Hampton. A member of my staff will be at Service Academy Day. The session will provide a comprehensive overview of the United States service academies and their admissions processes and answer questions regarding applications for congressional nominations. Students will also be able to meet with officials from the service academies. Click here for more details: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/academy
Today I participated in a ceremony honoring Mildred Pretzer of Charlottesville, a World War II veteran who served as part of the Women’s Army Corps (WAC). I proudly presented Ms. Pretzer with the Army Good Conduct Medal, the WAC Service Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the World War II Victory Medal and the Honorable Service Lapel Pin.
NA
I'm pleased to announce an agreement by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the U.S. Coast Guard bringing a new maintenance & repair mission to the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay in Baltimore. This agreement is a one-two punch for Maryland, supporting jobs today at Curtis Bay and jobs tomorrow in our state's coastal economies.  
Claire on Morning Joe: "I worry about the health and vibrancy of this community too, as much as I worry about the safety and fairness, and the way people are treated...I hate to see all these great small businesses in #Ferguson suffering so terribly..."
ICYMI: "Oregon Senators, Fire Chiefs See Gaps In Proposed Oil Train Rules”
I am thrilled that the state-of-the-art Advanced Technology Center has officially opened its doors today at Bridge Valley Community and Technical Center in South Charleston. For our employers to be competitive, they need a highly educated technical workforce. That’s why as your Governor and as your U.S. Senator, I have always been committed to bringing the most cutting edge training facilities to the Mountain State. This Advanced Technology Center, as well as the ATC that is currently under construction in Fairmont, will give West Virginians access to a world-class facility and quality educational programming to be competitive in a global market.
This afternoon Senator Shaheen and Agriculture Secretary Vilsack announced a $127,000 grant through the Value Added Producers Grant program for Miles Smith Farm in Loudon. The grant will provide the farm with important working capital that will be used to produce and distribute the farm's products. Shaheen and Vilsack also discussed additional important USDA programs that support New Hampshire's agriculture sector, local jobs, and the state's rural economy.    Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1AvS2zO
Stopped by the Richmond VA Medical Center today to meet with veterans and to get an update on how the VA is working to fix inexcusably long wait times.
Today, Congresswoman Katherine Clark and I toured the Framingham Community Outpatient Clinic, a clinic that provides primary care to veterans in the MetroWest community. We later saw a Mobile Vet Center that provides readjustment counseling services to veterans when they return home, and held a roundtable discussion about how we can better honor our veterans’ service by making sure they have access to higher-quality services and good benefits.
NA
