Republicans’ latest Kangaroo court on Benghazi isn’t about conducting a fair review of the facts. It’s a political witch hunt.
Tammy is fighting proposed funding cuts to Navy combat ships built at Marinette Marine in Wisconsin to protect hundreds of jobs and bolster future naval capabilities.   Read more:
Here are just ten of the thousands of stories I’ve received about student loans via email and social media.   I hear you, and I’m working towards a solution, but Congress needs to hear your voice as well: sign this petition to tell Congress you want current borrowers to be able to refinance their loans at a lower rate.   We need a show of support from you, our constituents, to make this happen: http://j.mp/1lZhVl3
Tomorrow I will chair a joint United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing titled "The Escalating International Wildlife Trafficking Crisis: Ecological, Economic and National Security Issues " with U.S. Senator Chris Coons.   Worth an estimated $8–10 billion annually, the illegal wildlife trade is among the world's most lucrative criminal activities, and increased demand in Asia for elephant ivory and rhino horn, among other species, has driven poaching to crisis levels in source countries across Africa.  Conserving and protecting natural resources, such as wildlife, requires a coordinated, holistic, and global effort – from the United States to Africa to Asia. As the second largest consumer of wildlife in the world, the United States has an important role to play in this fight. Wednesday's hearing will examine major factors contributing to the crisis, including the involvement of illicit transnational criminal networks and armed terrorist groups, increased demand for illegal wildlife products in Asia, and weak enforcement capacity in source and demand countries in Africa and Asia. The Subcommittees will also examine the scope and implementation of the U.S. Government’s National Strategy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking, released in February 2014.   WHAT:                  Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittees on African Affairs and East Asian and Pacific Affairs joint hearing: “The Escalating International Wildlife Trafficking Crisis: Ecological, Economic and National Security Issues”  WHEN:                  Wednesday, May 21 at 2:15 p.m.  WHERE:                419 Dirksen Senate Office Building   
Today I went to the floor to voice my strong support for the commonsense, bipartisan & much needed #EXPIREACT 
Marriage Equality in #Pennsylvania! Now loving families can be made whole. Today #ItGetsBetter in the North East.  #DecisionDayPA
I urge all parties in #Thailand to refrain from violence, engage in dialogue, and seek a peaceful way forward.  There a quick return to civilian rule, a demonstration of support for #freedom of speech, democratic institutions.     Human Rights Watch
In a time when our nation faces daily threats from cybersecurity hackers, we need to enable the Department of Homeland Security to compete with the private sector for the best cybersecurity experts to protect our public institutions and critical infrastructure. I introduced a bill today to do that. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/RShFK1 
I want to wish a happy birthday to one of the three C’s of the Delaware delegation, Congressman John Carney! It’s been a pleasure working with you representing the First State and I hope you’re having a great one. Here’s to many more!
I’m pleased that the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania today struck down the state’s ban on same-sex marriage. This was the right decision and is a step forward for equality in our Commonwealth and in the Nation.  As a U.S. Senator representing Pennsylvania, I have heard from many LGBT Pennsylvanians and their families who want nothing more than equal rights under the law.  As one mother from Pennsylvania said in a letter to me:  ‘My kids have two proud and loving parents who are honest [and] work hard.  I want my kids to know they are equal and our family is equal . . . I just want my family to be treated equally and with respect by my state and federal government.’  I believe this decision is a critical step toward achieving equal rights for all Pennsylvanians.
"The Coons-Hatch bill would tremendously accelerate our ability to stop bad actors and get good results.”
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Leland from Bethany Beach about campaign finance and the growing role of big spending in politics.
It’s a fact that for-profit colleges and universities account for 46 percent of all student loan defaults. I’ve met too many students who were lured into attending one of these schools, graduate with a worthless degree, then are buried in insurmountable amounts of student loan debt.  I will stand with students in demanding accountability for the actions of the for-profit college industry, will you?   Got to www.protectstudentsandtaxpayers.org now to add your name.
WATCH: Joe talks about how pervasive suicide is in the military. “It’s an ongoing problem and the sooner we bring this to zero, the better.” #PreventSuicide
Being prepared can be the difference between your home surviving a wildfire. Cal Fire’s website is extremely helpful.
On Sunday, I appeared on CNN's State of the Union to discuss the Benghazi attacks, Nigeria, the NSA and other issues. Watch here:
As chairman of the Senate International Narcotics Control Caucus, I strongly believe we must combat prescription abuse. 
There are no shortcuts in caring for our veterans. If confirmed, these allegations of mismanagement at VA medical centers that may have compromised the health care of our veterans represent a broken promise to all who have served our country and is cause for outrage. I am pleased that a thorough nationwide investigation is underway, which is imperative to determine the extent of what happened and who should be held responsible.
Glad to highlight the work Union of Concerned Scientists does to tackle climate change with solutions rooted in fact and driven by the best available science.  The report released today, “National Landmarks At Risk,” presents critical information about sea level rise, worsening wildfires and floods putting landmark historic sites at risk around the country, including Bandelier National Monument and Santa Clara Pueblo.   http://www.ucsusa.org/global_warming/science_and_impacts/impacts/national-landmarks-at-risk-from-climate-change.html
Join me for my Facebook Q&A about how we need to make college affordable and address the rising student loan debt on Wednesday at 6pm CT. I look forward to hearing from as many North Dakotans as possible.  
The derailment in Casselton last December reinforces that we need to make sure our emergency responders get the training and resources they need to respond to emerging threats and hazards. In March, Casselton Fire Chief Tim McLean testified at a Senate hearing I held on this issue. Now, there are two opportunities this summer that could help provide some important safety training for our emergency responders: A Crude by Rail Emergency Response Training in Colorado and a 2014 BNSF North Dakota TRANSCAER Training Tour taking place in various North Dakota towns. Learn more below.
KY3 in Springfield highlighted the first of three roundtable discussions Claire's holding on campus sexual assaults. Yesterday's discussion focused on The Clery Act, Campus SaVE Act, and new policies to combat rape and sexual assaults on college and university campuses.   We'll keep you posted as we schedule the two upcoming roundtables, including links where you can watch them live. 
My dad set me on the path to college when I was in grade school. He took me to the school and said, “If you go through those doors and you work hard, you can do just about anything here in America.” 	 I’m committed to giving student borrowers a fair shot by refinancing their student loans and finding solutions to make college affordable for our middle-class students and their families. Read more of my new op-ed in Oregon’s student newspapers:   Below: Jeff discusses college affordability with students at Portland State University. May 2, 2014.
Today I got stumped in a West Virginia geography showdown with Andrew Christy, a student at St. Francis Central Catholic School in Morgantown and the three-time state geography bee winner. He stopped by my office today and challenged me with a question about the number of counties that existed in West Virginia at the time we became a state. I'm pleased to say that I was able to stump him back with a question about how West Virginia acquired the land in the Northern Panhandle. It was wonderful to meet Andrew and his family, and I wish him the best of luck in the National Geography Bee.
I spoke on the Senate floor today to urge the House Republican leadership to take action on the bipartisan #RenewUI bill that was passed by the Senate 43 days ago.  http://youtu.be/E8zJCIBIacA
NA
NA
Montanans start small businesses at a higher rate than anyone else in the country.  If we’re going to stay number one, we have to make sure business owners and  entrepreneurs have the resources they need to succeed. That’s why I’m backing a bill to make sure business owners can access capital to grow and create jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1vBKWIF
After years of work by grassroots groups in Southern New Mexico, the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument will be designated this week, and I couldn't be happier. The newest national monument will put the unique and spectacular desert landscapes of Southern New Mexico on recreation maps around the world, attracting tourists to the region, creating jobs and bringing in millions of dollars in tourism revenue. I thank the thousands of New Mexicans who have worked tirelessly for many years to get us to this point. This monument is a reality because you spoke up and worked hard to get it done!
