Tammy meeting with the Wauwatosa East High School Students this weekend!
One of the major challenges (for both Colorado and the U.S.) to becoming a worldwide destination for innovation and a magnet for talent is our broken immigration system. We should be actively seeking and welcoming these entrepreneurs, but we don't. Instead, our system -- a hodge-podge of outdated, impractical and convoluted laws -- raises senseless and arbitrary barriers for the world's best and brightest, driving them, their capital, and the good-paying jobs they create to other countries, where they end up competing against us in the global economy.
Ben- Stopped by Walter Reed in Bethesda to see some of the tools our wounded warriors are being given during rehab. We ask so much of our men and women in uniform it is critical that they have access to the best support structure when they return and while deployed.
Maryland manufacturing is thriving and I want to do all I can to help make it even stronger. ‘Made in Maryland’ is my way to highlight the diverse products being produced in our great state, adding to the growth of our state’s economy. My tour and conversations with employees at the Paul Reed Smith Guitar Factory, as well as the roundtable discussion with Eastern Shore Economic Development officials, have given me great insights into what is working and what the challenges are for businesses on the Eastern Shore. I plan to take their ideas back to Washington so the federal government can better assist them in growing our economy.    The Paul Reed Smith (PRS) Electric Guitars  Factory makes high-end guitars favored by some of the most prominent musicians in the world, including guitar great Carlos Santana.  The company was founded in 1985 and today employs 230 workers with revenues of $24 million.
Tomorrow in Sussex: Employers hiring more than 1,000 positions!
I got to learn about the important work the staff at the University of Delaware's Early Learning Center in Wilmington is doing to teach children ages 6 weeks to three years old. These teachers are amazing and these kiddos were a lot of fun!
This interview with former Eagle Kevin Reilly is truly inspiring. And he shares a moving story about how Delaware helped shape his views: "You know, you and I both went to the same high school (Salesianum) and they taught us to be of service to others and you wonder why these things happen to you and maybe it happened so I could be of service to others." What a role model for us all.
Our job fair tomorrow in Rehoboth Beach will feature more than 60 employers hiring for more than 1,000 open positions. Please share this image to help your friends and neighbors looking for work!
I’m proud to work with Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth as she introduces the Troop Talent Act in the House of Representatives. This legislation will help veterans as they transition to the civilian workforce.
There's a great event happening at the White House today - the White House Forum on Military Credentialing and Licensing. It's being hosted by First Lady Michelle Obama as part of the Joining Forces initiative and will include discussion on a new partnership with the Information Technology Industry to help servicemembers receive certifications that will help connect them with high-demand jobs when they transition from military service. It's critical we continue to support our servicemembers as they enter the civilian workforce and I'm proud my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, and public-private partnerships like the one announced by the administration today will help in that effort.
Six months after Sandy, and I will never stop fighting for federal support for our full recovery. 
 
 You can read my official statement here: http://1.usa.gov/18g4kMR
Maryland’s small businesses are the backbone of our economy. My great-grandparents owned a local bakery and my father ran a grocery store. I learned how these businesses help weave social fabric by hiring local workers and investing in their communities. When small businesses are harmed, they need a government on their side.   Today I am taking action to protect our small businesses victimized by payroll service provider tax theft and fraud. Through common-sense reforms, we will protect small businesses victims from scheming tax theft and cut through the red-tape to ensure they are not victimized again by the IRS.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 52 – Marshall County  Fact: Home to the country music superstar Brad Paisley  Recommendation: Visit the Grave Creek Indian Mound, known as the largest of the Adena Burial mounds.   http://www.wvculture.org/museum/GraveCreekmod.html
It was an honor to say thank you to members of the New Hampshire Army National Guard 238th Aviation Unit today at a deployment ceremony in Concord. The 238th unit will be deploying 43 soldiers to Afghanistan, where they will be supplying medevac capabilities to U.S. forces. Thank you to the 238th unit and all those protecting our country. 
Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Senator Kelly Ayotte today joined a bipartisan coalition of senators in calling upon the White House to take direct and urgent action to end the current Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) disability claims backlog. In the letter sent this morning to President Obama, the senators pointed to the unacceptable delays veterans are facing across the country, which in some cases reach more than 1000 days.  “Our men and women in uniform have made tremendous sacrifices for our country, and they should not have to spend months fighting an unresponsive bureaucracy to receive the benefits they have earned,” said Shaheen and Ayotte.  “We can and must do better, and we will aggressively push the VA to resolve the unacceptable disability claims backlog.”
Tom presents Erlinda Gonzales with medals earned by her late husband and Korean War veteran Marcelino Gonzales. The medal ceremony was held at the Council Chambers of Las Cruces City Hall with members of the Gonzales family and Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 3242.
After a decade of war, and despite the VA’s efforts to modernize, more than 600,000 veterans are still stuck in the VA’s disability claims backlog. While the average wait time for first time disability claims currently ranges between 316 and 327 days, veterans in certain parts of the country are waiting even longer. Solving this problem is critical for veterans of all generations. We need direct and public involvement from the President to establish a clear plan to end the backlog once and for all.
Proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with our fishermen this morning at Boston Fish Pier. The fishing industry is such an important part of our local economy, and we need to support them. Here is the letter Senator Cowan and I sent urging President Obama to submit a budget amendment requesting emergency disaster assistance for fishermen: http://1.usa.gov/15VcNbX
