ICYMI: Tammy met with students and volunteers working to get out the vote for Bruce Braley in Iowa last week. Bruce's race is one of the closest in the country and he has an amazing team of supporters working hard to make sure Iowans get to the polls on November 4th. Good luck Team Braley -- Iowans will be lucky to have you as their next Senator!
#amberalert has been called off. Children are safe.
Delaware is fortunate to have been selected as a Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) Early Access state. Owners of small businesses can today take the first steps toward offering health insurance coverage to their employees. For more information visit: https://www.healthcare.gov/small-businesses/employers/
Tune in to my interview on public lands with On Point Radio today at 8am MT / 10am ET here:
Excited to announce more than $4 million in federal funding to help farmers and ranchers in North Dakota and four other Midwest states improve the health of honey bees, which pollinate more than 130 fruits and vegetables across the country. North Dakota is the nation’s top pollinator state, and these funds will help strengthen conservation efforts that give honey bees the high-quality habitats they need to keep producing crops that keep our bodies and economy healthy. In the 2014 Farm Bill, I wrote an amendment to strengthen efforts to promote honey bee health and habitat conservation and I will continue to support investments in these all-important pollinators. Click here to read my recent op-ed on North Dakota’s honey-producing role and the need for continued conservation efforts nationwide: http://r29.co/ZhzlTE
Yesterday evening, I delivered the keynote address at the Red River Regional Council’s (RRRC) annual meeting in Grafton to discuss some of the challenges area communities have faced and how to best plan for future economic development. Earlier this year, RRRC Executive Director Dawn Keeley testified before the Senate Subcommittee I chair – which oversees rural development – and we were able to dig deeper into how to solve local issues, plan for future growth, and come up with workable solutions in rural communities that best foster economic development. I will continue to be a strong voice for North Dakota’s rural communities and help make sure they have opportunities to succeed.
On the second anniversary of Superstorm Sandy, I spent the day showing HUD Secretary Castro the real work that’s left to be done here in New Jersey.  I also met with families still struggling to recover & rebuild so I can continue finding ways to help you from the U.S. Senate.  It’s hard to believe the storm hit our shores two years ago. Feel free to comment with how you feel on this anniversary of the storm.
I'm so pleased the 108th national convention of the NAACP will be 'Coming Home to Baltimore' in 2017! We must keep up the fight for equal justice & equal opportunity no matter your race, ethnicity, religion or national origin. Job well done to NAACP Baltimore Chapter President Tessa Hill-Aston & all who worked hard to bring the 2017 convention to Baltimore.
NA
The NTSB report on the five most recent Metro-North accidents has an Alice and Wonderland-like quality, that truly defies logic. It details crew members still in training, being left to operate cars without supervision, leading to a fatality. The reports make clear that track maintenance was repeatedly deferred in order to provide on-time service at any cost. And finally, in one of the most shocking causes of these accidents, an engineer with sleep apnea was trusted with the lives of thousands each day, and unfortunately, his health condition made him totally unfit for the job. I hope that the Metro-North and the FRA take these key recommendations to heart and will quickly turn them into law.
West Seneca is home to Schwabl’s & their famous Beef on Weck #NYtownoftheday
Today I spent some time with students from Cumberland High School who asked really smart questions on topics ranging from the influence of lobbyists on our lawmakers and US foreign policy in the Middle East, to campaign finance and the cost of college. Great discussion with future RI leaders.
