Today, Senator Roy Blunt and I introduced the Data Security Act of 2014, which will establish clear rules of the road to help prevent and respond to the growing issues of data breach. As recent incidents remind us, major data breaches that compromise consumers’ identities and financial security are becoming more routine.   Read more about the bipartisan and comprehensive approach we propose by clicking below!
Today, Senator Donnelly released his annual report for 2013. The report includes an outline of his legislative work, his efforts on behalf of constituents, a snapshot of his travel around Indiana, a rundown of his bipartisan efforts, and other highlights from his first year as the newest U.S. Senator for Indiana.   Donnelly said, “Hoosiers elected me to the U.S. Senate to be a common sense voice and to work with both sides to get things done.  I put together this report to make clear my efforts to serve our state in my first year as Indiana’s newest U.S. Senator, and I look forward to continuing to work hard in year two.” 
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Ameritrans Bus Inc. of Elkhart has an expansion planned that will result in an estimated 20 new manufacturing jobs for Hoosiers by December 2016.
The Senate Intelligence Committee released its declassified bipartisan report on the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack. 
North Dakota and Canada have a special relationship. My discussion today with Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird and Canadian Ambassador to the U.S. Gary Doer helped strengthen our efforts to work collaboratively so we can become North American energy independent. We talked about the need for the Administration to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, the recent train derailments in North Dakota and Canada, and how we need to transport energy by rail in the safest way possible. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d76064e4-07ba-43a1-935d-103e16f1d1b6
Today I met with the Jerry Jurena and John Flink with the North Dakota Hospital Association to talk about their legislative priorities and ways that I can help rural hospitals.
If you live in North Dakota and have concerns with your mail delivery, go to my website and participate in my grassroots effort called Fix My Mail. I've heard from North Dakotans all over the state about mail problems they're having with the U.S. Postal Service. Now I'm asking for North Dakotans to submit their stories online so I can bring them to the attention of the U.S. Postal Service and U.S. Government Accountability Office. These problems need to be fixed. You can also share your concerns on Twitter and Facebook by using #FixMyMail. 
NA
IN THE NEWS: Last week my state staff met with community and business leaders in Hardy, Grant and Pendleton counties. Great story in the Moorefield Examiner on their visit and the issues they discussed:
Yesterday, Senate Republicans filibustered an extension of unemployment benefits. Despite our many efforts to earn their support, Republicans proved they never really wanted to vote for an extension. 
 
 Sadly, Republicans around the country are not being well-represented by Republicans in Congress.
Senators Jeanne Shaheen, Susan Collins, Kelly Ayotte, and Angus King announced today that $11.5 million in funding for military construction at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and the procurement of two Virginia-class submarines has been included in the Senate Committee on Appropriations’ FY 2014 Omnibus Appropriations Bill as a result of their collective efforts. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1fy9XiM 
A reminder that my staff will be in Salem today to speak one-on-one with area residents seeking assistance with federal agencies. Details here: http://1.usa.gov/1cXtCUN 
Senator Schatz joined Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman Barbara Boxer, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, and other Senate colleagues to announce the newly formed Senate Climate Action Task Force.  Senator Schatz spoke about the effects of global warming in Hawai‘i and discussed their plan to take action on climate change.
  
 “The only place where there is a remaining debate of the reality of climate change is in the United States Congress.  There is a scientific consensus.  And for those of us who won’t believe the science, we will believe our own eyes and our own experience.  All of us in our home states are seeing the reality of climate change now.  On the North Shore of Oahu, there has always been big surf in the winter time, but there has never been homes floating away into the ocean.  On the South Shore you get your southern swells and the sands shift, but there has never been erosion to the extent that it is happening now. Climate change is real.  Climate change is urgent.  That’s what we’re here to do, to wake up congress.” – BES
It's unacceptable that New Mexico families are yet again paying the price for Congress' dysfunction. I'm extremely disappointed that despite a number of attempts to work out differences, the Senate was unable to agree to extend emergency unemployment insurance for families who are still struggling as a result of the recession. Nationwide, there are still three people applying for every one available job opening. Here in New Mexico, unemployment is well above 6 percent - in some counties it's about 12 percent. Many are families with children, veterans, and workers who need time to get new skills training or further education to qualify for the jobs that are available.  Our recovery has been too slow, and emergency unemployment insurance is a lifeline. Cutting off this assistance when families and communities need it most will be a blow to our fragile economic recovery. I'm going to continue to work with both sides to find a path forward and put American families and our economic recovery first.
My heart goes out to the victims of the shooting at Berrendo Middle School in Roswell. The children, their families, and the entire school community continue to be in my thoughts and prayers. I thank all of the school and emergency personnel who responded urgently to the situation. I talked briefly with the mayor and the sheriff yesterday to convey my sympathies and told them I stand ready to help. New Mexicans come together in a tragedy, and we're all sending our support and prayers to the Roswell community. Please read and share these great resources from the New Mexico Human Services Department on helping children and families cope with times of disaster and tragedy.
Thank you to the Alaska Natives from Shishmaref Island who shared their stories with the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change this week at our forum, "Stories from the Front Lines: How Climate Change is Threatening Our Coastal Communities." 
 As a Senator from the Ocean State, I have seen all too well how climate change can effect the livelihoods of people living in coastal states – and I thank you for sharing your story with Congress.
In December, unemployment insurance expired for 4,900 Rhode Islanders and 1.3 million people across America.  Last night, the Senate had the chance to pass Senator Jack Reed’s bill to extend unemployment insurance – but instead, the GOP filibustered this commonsense legislation.  While I’m deeply disappointed by this vote, I was proud to support Senator Reed’s bill. I will continue working with him to restore this vital safety net for Rhode Islanders still out looking for work.
Jim Moran is a good friend and a formidable legislator who has fought hard for his district and the entire Northern Virginia region. As Alexandria’s mayor, and during 12 terms in the House of Representatives, Jim has been a strong voice and a reliable partner in our efforts to support federal workers and to protect Virginia’s critical connection with our nation’s military. I look forward to working with him over the next several months, and I wish him the very best in the future.
