Today, Senator Patrick Leahy signed my Death in Custody Reporting Act along with Congressman Bobby Scott!   The bill requires state and federal law enforcement to regularly report basic information to the Attorney General regarding deaths occurring in law enforcement custody or during an arrest.   Read more about the bill here, and share: http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/DeathInCustody
Tomorrow I will seek unanimous consent from my colleagues to pass the #ClayHunt bill. We owe it to Susan Selke—#ClayHunt's mom—other family members, and thousands of vets. I hope my colleagues will join me in this effort. -RB
The First State finally has its first National Park. Many thanks to my fellow Delaware delegation members U.S. Senator Chris Coons and Congressman John Carney for their help in passing this historic legislation! 1.usa.gov/16gnzfA
NA
A great name choice for the orphaned sea otter pup at @shedd_aquarium. Welcome to Chicago, Luna #sheddpup  http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-shedd-otter-named-met-20141212-column.html
The Senate today passed legislation introduced by Senator Donnelly and Senator John Boozman (R-AR) that would authorize the construction of a National Desert Storm and Desert Shield Memorial.  “For the thousands of Hoosiers and for all Americans who served in Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield, this memorial will honor their courageous service and sacrifice. I am pleased that after working with my friend Senator Boozman, our bipartisan legislation to create a national memorial is now headed to the President to be signed into law. I look forward to the day when our Desert Storm and Desert Shield veterans can visit their memorial.” –Joe
The Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act has now passed both chambers of Congress and is on its way to the President’s desk.  “This is outstanding news: the Jacob Sexton Act will soon be law. After nearly two years of working on this effort with Jacob’s parents Jeff and Barb, we will honor the memory of Jacob by positively impacting servicemembers’ lives.  This common sense change will ensure we are focused not only on our Armed Forces’ physical readiness but also mental readiness.  We make strides in the effort to reduce the stigma of seeking help—truly, it is a sign of strength.  We accomplished this with strong bipartisan support, and I thank my friend, Senator Wicker, for working with me to get this done.” -Joe
The Senate is expected to vote on the national defense bill today, and with it Joe’s Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. #PassSextonAct http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/Jacob-Sexton-Act
WATCH: Joe joined supporters of the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act earlier this week to announce anticipated Senate passage of the bill. Stay tuned for more updates on the Sexton Act.
I look forward to serving on the Senate Armed Service Committee to ensure our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to keep our nation safe and to fulfill the promises we've made to those who serve. There are a number of evolving national security challenges that the United States and our allies must confront around the world, particularly in the Middle East, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. This committee will be instrumental in crafting the policies and the budget to confront those challenges. New Mexico is home to several military installations - Kirtland Air Force Base, Holloman Air Force Base, Cannon Air Force Base, Fort Bliss, and White Sands Missile Range - and two major national laboratories and the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant. New Mexico plays a pivotal role in our national security, and I will continue to be a strong advocate for our personnel and missions in my role on this committee.
One of my favorite photos of the Columbine-Hondo by local photographer Jim O'Donell
Today the Senate passed bipartisan legislation which authorizes funding levels and policy for the nation’s defense efforts. One of my most important jobs in the Senate is to make sure our servicemembers and their families get the support they deserve, and that our military has the resources it needs to defend our country – and all of us should be able to agree on that. This bill will play an important role in supporting North Dakota’s military interests and communities, particularly at both Minot and Grand Forks Air Force Bases. But, we can’t continue to work from deadline to deadline and wait until the last minute to get things done. It’s past time for Congress to do its job in a timely manner and provide the certainty and stability our servicemembers need to keep America safe, and I’ll keep pushing to make sure it happens in the future. http://1.usa.gov/1zK1S25
ICYMI – On the Senate floor, I did something that far too often, we forget to do – I honored North Dakotans fallen, MIA & POW Vietnam veterans. Our nation’s servicemembers dedicate their lives to protect our great nation, and sometimes, they sacrifice it all. It’s critical that when our servicemembers come home to their families and friends, they have the care and resources they were promised and earned, and I’ll keep fighting to make sure they do.
Enjoyed spending time with some of my hard working staff to celebrate the holidays and thank them for their commitment to North Dakota. This photo is of my team in Washington, and I also have amazing staff in offices across North Dakota who work so hard every day for our state. Looking forward to another great year.
An important healthcare deadline is only 3 days away. Enroll by December 15th to ensure that your healthcare coverage starts on January 1st. Visit www.accesshealthCT.com to compare plans and enroll in coverage
This Sunday marks two years since the tragic shooting in Sandy Hook that took 26 lives far too soon. Since that day I have pledged to make sure that those lives, and the thousands of others who are taken from us due to gun violence, are not forgotten. I promise that I will continue to tell their stories on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I hope that by sharing these stories, my colleagues will better understand the people behind these tragedies.
The Newport Coast Guard helicopter is essential to the safety of fishermen, recreational boaters, and tourists on our coast. This week's news is a literal lifesaver for our coastal communities.
It’s official: my plan to create the new Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park has been approved by Congress.
Some Navy fans tried to redecorate my office in advance of tomorrow’s big #ArmyNavy football game. GO ARMY!
There are many things in this bill that Democrats would not have included had we written the bill. Speaking for myself, I oppose the weakening of Dodd-Frank and the restrictions on the District of Columbia, among other things. But I didn’t write this bill. Senate Democrats did not write this bill. It’s a compromise.   This bill is not perfect. We will leave our priorities better-funded and more secure, and our government on more sound footing, than when this Congress began.  We will have passed legislation that keeps America safe, makes college more affordable, and spurs the economy. And it keeps our government open.
Now serving in #GrandCentral & beyond, @IrvingFarm calls Millerton -in the Town of North East- home. #NYtownoftheday
Spoke last night on the Senate floor about the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), which allows terrorism victims, like victims of the September 11th attacks, the right to pursue foreign states and sponsors of terrorism in federal court. The bill was then passed by unanimous consent.
Was honored to work with Jim Kelly to pass the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Act. Screening is the first and most important line of defense in diagnosing and treating a number of rare, but potentially fatal diseases that can tragically cut short a precious, new life, and this bill will bolster that effort in New York and beyond.
Millerton in the Town of North East is home to master tea blenders Harney & Sons - stop in for a tasting #NYtownoftheday
Great news! Last night the Senate unanimously cleared an important energy efficiency measure introduced by Senator Shaheen. The provision will result in significant savings for both businesses and consumers. Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=5bff81b9-17b1-4217-bb65-8c21b078fbc3
Historic day for Montana!  The Senate just passed a major lands package to preserve places like the Rocky Mountain Front and the North Fork while strengthening our state’s economy. Now future generations will be able to enjoy Montana’s best outdoor places. #KeepItPublic  (Photo cred: Steven Gnam)
This is an exciting day for everyone who enjoys public lands and parks in New Mexico. Today we're sending the president a bill that protects some of the most beloved landscapes in New Mexico -- increasing public access to the Valles Caldera and designating the Columbine Hondo Wilderness -- creates a historical park dedicated to the Manhattan Project, and establishes a program allowing the BLM to improve its operations in Carlsbad and Farmington. Scores of New Mexicans deserve credit for helping us get these bills across the finish line -- from former Senator Bingaman, who first introduced them, to the diverse group of sportsmen, conservationists, local business people and others who have put years of hard work into them. Protecting these special and important places will increase tourism and create jobs in the surrounding communities while ensuring New Mexicans can enjoy them for generations to come.
In addition to my current committee assignments, I am very pleased to join the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources next year. This committee plays an important role shaping our nation’s energy policy, ensuring the responsible development of our natural resources, and overseeing the management of public lands.
