Today is baseball Opening Day and my office wants to know the answer to one of Connecticut's most pressing questions: is CT Boston Red Sox or New York Yankees country? Vote right here in my Facebook poll! Click the link below or the tab at the top of my wall.  http://www.facebook.com/SenBlumenthal/app_208195102528120
A great prank by the 6th graders of Saxe Middle School in New Canaan, Connecticut!  http://newcanaan.patch.com/announcements/april-fools-prank-for-a-beloved-bus-driver
So proud of our University of Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens on a tremendous season. These young women are role models and represent Delaware so well both on and off the court. Can't wait to see what their futures have in store. Go Blue Hens!
NA
When the Respect for Marriage Act (the legislation that repeals the Defense of Marriage Act [DOMA]) was first introduced and debated in the Senate in 2011, I began to focus on the issue of same-sex marriage much more intensely than I had before. As a candidate for the Senate in 2006 and 2012, and as a Senator, I have supported civil unions.  I also supported strongly the repeal of Don’t Ask Don’t Tell (DADT), was a leading co-sponsor of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), and had stated publicly that I opposed efforts to enact constitutional prohibitions on same-sex marriage. In the six years I have been in the Senate, there have not been any floor votes to repeal DOMA or to legalize same-sex marriage.  Both questions have now been argued before the Supreme Court and are being debated across our country.  After much deliberation and after reviewing the legal, public policy, and civil rights questions presented, I support marriage equality for same-sex couples and believe that DOMA should be repealed.   As part of my consideration of these issues, I read letters written to me by LGBT Pennsylvanians and their families.  These letters included deeply personal statements from people across our Commonwealth and the questions they posed challenged me directly.  These stories had a substantial impact on my position on this issue. If two people of the same sex fall in love and want to marry, why would our government stand in their way? At a time when many Americans lament a lack of commitment in our society between married men and women, why would we want less commitment and fewer strong marriages?  If two people of the same sex want to raise children, why would our government prevent them from doing so, especially when so many children have only one parent, or none at all?  A letter I received from a woman in Southeastern Pennsylvania was particularly compelling:  ‘My partner and I are both college educated. I am a stay-at-home mom and part-time kindergarten assistant teacher.  I left a full-time position…when my partner gave birth to our twins to be a stay-at-home mom.  We went through the process of second parent adoption and are both legal parents to our kids.  My partner and I have been in a committed relationship for 18 years.  We attend church every Sunday and we own a house, cars, and are truly blessed by our [two children].  As I do a rough calculation and add up the additional money we have paid in taxes compared to a financially similar heterosexual married couple over the last ten years, that amount approaches $100,000! $100,000 dollars would go a long way towards future retirement or in the college education of my kids.  More important than the financial inequality to me is the message I send to my kids.  My kids have two proud and loving parents who are honest [and] work hard.  I want my kids to know they are equal and our family is equal . . . I just want my family to be treated equally and with respect by my state and federal government.’  As a Senator and as a citizen, I can no longer in good conscience take a position that denies her and her family the full measure of equality and respect.   I understand that many Americans of good will have strong feelings on both sides of this issue. I believe elected public officials have an abiding obligation to refrain from demonizing and dividing people for partisan or political gain. Rather, Democrats and Republicans should come together and find areas of agreement to do what’s best for the country, including lesbian and gay Americans.
Orville Kirk heroically put his life on the line to defend our country. It was a humbling privilege to honor Mr. Kirk for his courage, commitment, and sacrifice and present him with this long overdue WWII Victory Medal.
Hung out with a bunch of smart North Dakota students. They participated in a financial literacy camp
Met with Kirsten Baesler last week to hear about the work going on at the North Dakota Dept. of Public Instruction.
Just spoke with employees and military family customers at the Naval Air Station Oceana commissary about how potential closure days would impact their lives
I learned a lot from my discussion this afternoon with Blue Star Families military families in Norfolk on ways we can support our servicemembers.
Just left Langley Air Force Base in Hampton where I toured the facilities and talked with commanding officers about recent budget certainty progress and the work still in front of us.
Today, Senator Manchin kicked off his week-long "Commonsense Solutions" tour in West Virginia.
NA
"A wonderful Easter with family today! I hope that everyone in New Hampshire and across the country had a wonderful day with their loved ones." - JS
Today is the first day of National Public Health Week.  Support for public health not only saves lives, it also reduces the cost of health care.  Learn more below:
In the Ocean State, we know how critical the health of our oceans is to our economy. Last year, my bill to establish a National Endowment for the Oceans — which would preserve and restore the economic and ecological benefits our oceans provide — passed in the Senate. This year, I'm reintroducing the bill, and in this interview with The Providence Journal I outline the path to turning this bill into law.
