Senator Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and I have a plan to simplify the Fafsa form from a 10 page, 108 question form to a two question post card. Read about our plan which will save families 100 million hours in preparation time and $432 million in administrative costs.
As Attorney General I fought big tobacco. Now, I’m taking on e-cigarette manufacturers who are trying to addict a new generation.   The data doesn’t lie: "A recent CDC report showed that the use of electronic cigarettes by middle school and high school students doubled from 2011 to 2012. The same survey showed that more than 1.78 million middle and high school students nationwide have tried electronic cigarettes. A recent American Legacy Foundation report found that last year 14 million kids saw ads for electronic cigarettes on TV, 9.5 million saw them in print.” http://j.mp/1lCdC1v 
Yesterday I met with a strong woman and mother from Newtown: her young daughters dealt with unimaginable loss when a number of their friends were killed at Sandy Hook. And Katie has since helped a friend through a harrowing experience with domestic gun violence.   We spoke at length about gun violence, domestic violence, and my new legislation to prevent those under temporary restraining orders from obtaining guns. I look forward to future conversations, and to seeing her advocacy work make a real difference in Connecticut and nationwide.
On this 149th anniversary of #Juneteenth, America celebrates the end of slavery in the United States.  Juneteenth – or June 19th – is the day in 1865 when Major General Gordon Granger and Union soldiers enforced ‘General Order No. 3’, finally freeing the remaining slaves in the United States.    Thanks to the hard work of Americans committed to living up to our highest ideals, we have come a long way since that first Juneteenth.  This is a time for joy but also reflection for African Americans. We should use our collective history, and days like Juneteenth, to grow, learn and become more connected to one another. We owe it to those who endured the brutal institution of slavery and to those who dedicated their lives to ending such an injustice.      Today, our children study Marylanders like Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass, both former slaves who helped deliver freedom to millions. As we observe Juneteenth in #Maryland and across the country, we also reflect on the reality that human bondage has not been abolished worldwide.   The continued existence of slavery anywhere is an affront to the progress made since that first Juneteenth and a cause for action.
50 years ago today, the Senate passed the Civil Rights Bill. We're still working to ensure that every American has the equal opportunity to reap the benefits of our great country and today's anniversary serves as a good reminder that progress is possible.
Delawareans want more trails for walking, hiking, biking, and jogging throughout the state. Now we have another at Cape Henlopen. Read more here: http://bit.ly/GordonsPond
This week I sat down for breakfast with Matt and Alina, two interns working in my Wilmington office this summer. They tell me they’re already having a great experience. If you’re interested in an internship with my office, go to http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/?p=InternshipProgram
NA
50 years ago today, the Senate passed the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964 #TBT
Night Markets has enlivened Philadelphia's neighborhoods and helped small business owners gain more exposure. This grant will allow this successful program to continue and help more of our city’s entrepreneurs launch small businesses that create jobs and attract visitors to Philadelphia.
“There is an epidemic in Hoosier communities both large and small, rural and urban: heroin use, addiction, and related deaths are on the rise. Prescription drug abuse also remains a serious problem throughout Indiana, and many heroin users report having first abused prescription drugs before turning to heroin. I am proud to join my friend Senator Ayotte in putting forth a bill that would support…necessary coordination amongst medical professionals, law enforcement, and those working on drug control policy.” –Joe after introducing the Heroin and Prescription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act today in the Senate.
Know a veteran willing to share their story of service? Join Joe’s office in Valparaiso on Wednesday, June 25 as staff and volunteers from the community come together to record stories as part of the Library of Congress’ Veterans History Project. Visit the link before to learn how you can participate, and share this post to spread the word.
My thoughts are with the firefighters and communities affected by the Assayii Lake Fire. To stay updated, visit the Assayii Lake Fire Facebook page and this website:
I'm proud to join Senator Richard Burr and Senator Richard Blumenthal to introduce a resolution to recognize Veterans Day, November 11, 2014, as a special “Welcome Home” commemoration for all who have served in the military since 9/11.   Like and Share if you think it's time to shine a light and say thank you for the sacrifice and work that’s been done by this generation that’s been at war for 13 years. http://1.usa.gov/1lKo80w
NA
#TBT to awesome hike w the boys around Gillette Castle in East Haddam last summer.
#TBT, high school cheerleading edition (Claire's second from the right). What do you think of that mascot?
Enjoyed speaking w/ Centennial High School & Forest Grove High School students today! Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs
Crater Lake photo courtesy of National Park Service .
We can’t afford to block a bill that would alleviate student loan debt! Share if you agree. #DegreesNotDebt
ICYMI: Yesterday, it was a pleasure to talk to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC's "Andrea Mitchell Reports" to discuss the situation in Iraq.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7hS1rAFVeI&list=UUGyPK_ye2ptpzQgOjKIn7ag
Stopped by CNN's Erin Burnett OutFront last night to discuss the latest in Iraq.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsovbsC-v0o&feature=youtu.be 
At their donor retreat a few days ago, Charles and David Koch made every effort to shroud the event in secrecy.  The truth is that the Koch brothers are concealing their massive fundraising efforts because Americans overwhelmingly oppose the purchase of our democracy.  The decisions by the Supreme Court have left the American people with a status quo in which one side’s billionaires are pitted against the other side’s billionaires. We must undo the damage done by the Supreme Court’s recent campaign finance decisions.  Let’s put an end to the cult of dark money which is corrupting our elections. Instead of pitting one side's billionaires against the other side's, we need a constitutional amendment to get all this shady money out. 
'83 wasn't so long ago. Spoke with parents & kids at #Brooklyn's P.S.222 about kindergarten & early education #tbt
ICYMI: spoke yesterday about the House who, after #51weeks, have taken no action on #ImmigrationReform
In case you missed it: Senator Shaheen hosted Donald F. Tyler, Director of Salem’s Corfin Industries at a Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee hearing in Washington, DC yesterday, where the two discussed the importance of expanding export opportunities for small businesses which results in job creation and economic growth in New Hampshire.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1sqxw3e
Montana State University is one of five universities in America selected to have their research experiments conducted by astronauts on the International Space Station – that’s pretty incredible!
Creating the Open Burn Pit Registry – which launched today – took a lot of hard work by many people, but I'm especially proud of Albuquerque veteran MSgt. Jessey Baca and his wife Maria for their tireless advocacy on behalf of our service men and women.   Click here for the story of how they helped us create this registry and how they're helping countless families get the answers and care they have earned.
Today I'm pleased to report that the VA's open burn pit registry is up and running following many years of hard work on behalf of our veterans. I worked on a bipartisan basis to pass legislation and create the registry, and I pushed the VA to implement it so our veterans could receive an honest assessment of their health needs following exposure to toxic chemicals while deployed overseas.  If you are a veteran who served in Iraq, Afghanistan or the Southwest Asia, I encourage you to sign up for the registry. If you who know someone who served, please help me spread the word by sharing this information with them.
