Moving Wisconsin forward, Tammy's plan will accelerate research in biotechnology, advanced manufacturing and clean energy.
Investments in research are a win for #WI's future. Tammy's plan will boost support for young scientists.
Best of luck to Temple University sophomore Brandon Matthews at the United States Golf Association Amateur Quarterfinals.
This week, Senator Donnelly’s office held #JobSeeker workshops in Gary, Sellersburg, and Indianapolis.
Watch and share my new video to find out all of the ways I can serve you and your family. #OnlineOffice
It was great to hear more perspectives on our state's housing crisis at the housing summit in Fargo today.  I heard from local leaders about what needs to be done to address this challenge head on and was able to gain a great deal of insight that I can bring back to Washington.  As we seek to fix this issue, if you are looking for assistance now in finding affordable housing, the Public Housing Agency has resources: http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/pha/contacts/states/nd.cfm.   Here's more information about the housing summit below.
It was a pleasure having William Woodworth, a UND Student from Bismarck, ND, intern in my Bismarck office this summer.  He was a great asset to the team and will be missed.  Good luck in the upcoming school year and thank you for your hard work William.
It was great to see the Southern Virginia Higher Education Center’s work to help individuals, particularly those living in rural areas, develop advanced technical skills.
Big turnout at our open house in Danville today!  It’s great to be back in Southside
Toured the Center for Advanced Engineering & Research in Bedford County and discussed its work to promote innovation in science & technology.
Just one week until The Great New York State Fair opens. Find out where to buy tickets in advance and get other information (like the history of the fair) at www.nysfair.org
Yesterday Senator Jeanne Shaheen toured a portion of the Sweet Trail hiking path and met with New Hampshire environmental leaders to discuss Great Bay conservation efforts. The Sweet Trail stretches 4.3 miles from Longmarsh Road in Durham to the shore of Great Bay in Newmarket and showcases some of New Hampshire’s precious natural resources.
"On Statehood Day, we acknowledge Hawaii’s diverse history, rich culture, & importance as part of the U.S. Have a great weekend, everyone. Aloha." -BES
NA
For National Health Center Week, Senator Schatz has been travelling the state and visiting with community health care providers. Here he is with Nana Perpetua, who is 99 years old and the most senior member of the Senior Program at Kokua Kalihi Valley Comprehensive Family Services in Honolulu.
Rhode Island has the fourth worst bridges of any state in the nation. Today, I met with officials from the Rhode Island Department of Transportation to tour some of these bridges in East Providence and see the need for federal funding firsthand. We must increase federal infrastructure investment to fix our roads and bridges and create badly needed construction jobs.
