This is not fantasy football, it’s a nightmare. This is the NFL, and the organization has a serious problem with domestic violence. Share this.
Every single Senate Republican voted against #paycheckfairness yesterday. They voted against equal pay for equal work, and they voted against giving every American a #fairshot at success.
Disappointed Senate #GOP refused to even debate allowing students to refinance #studentloan debt. Filibusters are more than  just parliamentary tricks, they have real impact on millions of Americans.
TODAY - Tuesday, September 16 at 10:30AM, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), the American Civil Liberties Union, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the NAACP, and South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT) will host a briefing “#Ferguson and Beyond: Profiling in America.” Participants, including the attorney for the Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin families, as well as experts from the civil and human rights community, law enforcement, and academia, will examine the use of discriminatory profiling by law enforcement. The panel will discuss the urgent need for updated guidance from the Department of Justice and a more permanent solution: passage of S. 1038, the End Racial Profiling Act (#ERPA), which would prohibit the use of racial profiling by federal, state or local law enforcement agencies in routine law enforcement investigations, immigration enforcement and national security cases.   ***Watch Live***
We've reached 6,000 Facebook fans, click share if you're one of them! Thank you for your support!
Congrats to the UD Early Learning Center on its 10th anniversary of providing quality education to Delaware children so they are prepared for Kindergarten. I had a great time at their celebration last week on the Newark campus.
NA
Honored to meet Altoona’s Bill Anderson, finalist for Field & Stream's Heroes of Conservation award. Learn more about Bill's work to improve and protect the Little Juniata River at http://www.fieldandstream.com/blogs/the-conservationist/heroes-of-conservation-finalist-protecting-a-pennsylvania-trout-fishery
Joining @msnbc's @dailyrundown live to discuss #ISIL
Once more, E-Cigarette companies are taking moves right out of Big Tobacco’s old playbook by paying to put their products in the hands of celebrities in upcoming movies. With more kids using e-cigarettes – and data linking them to tobacco use – it is unconscionable that Big Tobacco can still pay to expose their dangerous products on the big screen. http://online.wsj.com/articles/coming-soon-to-theaters-near-you-e-cigarettes-1410748204?KEYWORDS=e-cigarettes
“There are six people who are alive today because of Nick and his family’s sacrifice…In the Bible, it says there is no greater love than to lay down your life for someone else. He’s our hero.” –Joe at yesterday’s service for Merrillville Police Officer Nick Schultz.
Good step by NASA in awarding contract to SpaceX and Boeing to once again transport U.S. astronauts from U.S. soil.
California health centers received funds to expand primary care services by hiring qualified health care providers.
Great to welcome the California Credit Union League to my office and present them with a flag flown over the Capitol.
New Mexicans are not strangers to hard work, and we embrace the belief that if you work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead. But working full time at the current minimum wage leaves too many families struggling to make ends meet. It’s time to raise the federal minimum wage and ensure that every American has a fair shot to succeed in this country. #RaiseTheWage  
These graphs from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) show all you need to know about climate change. First, over time Earth’s temperature has tracked CO2 levels in the atmosphere almost perfectly. Second, those CO2 levels in the atmosphere have skyrocketed since the industrial revolution. These facts are represented by reams and reams of data. It’s not prudent to bet against science. We need to start taking action, implement a wiser energy future, and invest in innovation. #ActOnClimate
Today the Environmental Protection Agency heeded my request, with Republican Senator Deb Fischer, to extend the public comment period on the agency’s proposed rule to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants and provide more time to review these complex new rules so states, utilities, and others potentially impacted by them can comment on them. We need real, workable solutions for implementing rules that reduce emissions, but do not hinder job growth or the reliability of our electrical system and that recognize the important role of coal-fired power in our generating mix for the foreseeable future. To accomplish that, everyone impacted by the rules should be able to have a say, and this extension helps allow that to happen. 
Today at a Senate Banking Hearing, I stressed the need to support credit unions and small banks while also improving the relationship between the regulators and the regulated. 
It’s long overdue that we end the the startling wage gap between men and women and make sure they receive equal pay for equal work. I voted to end that gap, but it was once again blocked by Senate Republicans – for the second time in five months. By only earning just 77 cents to every dollar that men earn, women keep trying to catch up but get caught in a vicious cycle. Equal pay for equal work shouldn’t be a partisan issue. We have to correct this problem and we have to get it right – and I won’t stop fighting for it until the pay gap is zero. 
In my New York Times op-ed I argue that we should draft a specific, narrow authorization for military action against ISIL.
Once again Senate Republicans have filibustered the Paycheck Fairness Act, legislation I introduced to help fulfill the promise of the Equal Pay Act for equal pay for equal work.  Whenever we women fight for fair pay, we are either sidelined, redlined, or pushed aside. Once again, as I have said before, when we have had a setback, we are going to fight. We are going to fight on the Senate floor, we are going to take this to the people in the country and we are going to fight it through our communities.   I’ve heard from people all across Maryland and America who want a fair shot at equal pay for equal work. It's time to put change in the law books so we can put change in family checkbooks. 
Today the GOP blocked the Paycheck Fairness Act yet again. That's - incredibly - the second time this year. The wage gap doesn't just hurt women, it hurts families across Connecticut, but Senate Republicans don't seem to get that. Equal pay for equal work is a pretty simple concept Republicans should get behind, and I'll keep fighting until the Paycheck Fairness Act becomes law.
Today I spoke to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and General Martin Dempsey before a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, where I expressed support for striking Islamist terrorists when they threaten America or Americans, but strongly objected to American involvement in a Syrian or Iraqi ground war.
ICYMI: Last night I went on Hardball with Chris Matthews to explain why I cannot support arming or training of the Syrian opposition force as part of our nation's strategy to defeat Islamic State militants.
ICYMI: This morning I spoke with CNN's Chris Coumo on New Day to express the concerns I have with the U.S. strategy to fight Islamic State militants, specifically the arming or training of the Syrian opposition force.
We've tried to: -- pass the Paycheck Fairness Act -- overturn the Hobby Lobby decision -- reduce student loan debt -- raise the minimum wage -- extend emergency unemployment benefits -- pass comprehensive immigration reform  Republicans said no.  (But they did shut down the government.)
U.S. Senate Democrats will keep fighting until everyone has a #fairshot at affording college & repaying their loans. 
As a college degree has become even more important, student loan debt has become insurmountable. Speaking on the Senate floor today on Senator Warren’s #BankonStudents bill because American students deserve a #fairshot.
NA
On Friday, the National Technical Institute of the Deaf at RIT honored the life & work of Prof. Robert Panara, one of the most beloved members of the community, with an outstanding tribute. His legacy lives on.
This afternoon Senator Shaheen called for passage of the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act to help borrowers in New Hampshire and across the country manage their student loan debt. The legislation, of which Shaheen is an original cosponsor, would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to refinance at lower interest rates. Senate Republicans later blocked a motion to advance the bill.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1u47yir
Corporations aren't people. But the Supreme Court is granting corporations the same rights as you or me.  Can a corporation fish? No. Join my #CorpsArentPeople campaign.
Corporations aren't people.  But the Supreme Court is granting corporations the same rights as you or me.  But we all know that corporations can’t fish, walk a dog, or fly a kite.  Join my #CorpsArentPeople campaign and share these images.
It’s an absolute outrage that hundreds of military families can’t get ahold of the contractor responsible for misplacing or losing their cars. My office has been working with many service members facing this issue. If International Auto Logistics has lost your car, my office is here to help: http://1.usa.gov/1tXow5D
I'm thrilled that the Northern Virginia Technology Council (NVTC) has been selected to help the VA fix its broken scheduling system, at no cost to taxpayers. I'm proud we were able to help broker this pro-bono solution so that our veterans can better access the care they have earned. http://1.usa.gov/Xclg7Z
Heading to the Senate floor with my Democratic colleagues to demand a vote on the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act right now. Tune in here: http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=73
