The Farm Bill creates new economic opportunities and makes important investments in our forest industry while providing land managers and the Forest Service with the tools they need to manage our working forests.
I have long believed that reducing obesity is key to improving health and lowering healthcare costs. So I am thrilled that obesity among young children has dropped 43% over the last decade. 
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Domino’s Pizza is looking to hire approximately 200 new employees at 40 stores across central Indiana.
In a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee today, Senator Donnelly questioned the Honorable Christine Wormuth, a nominee for Under Secretary of Defense, regarding her commitment and plans to help decrease the number of suicides among U.S. servicemembers.
I fought hard to make sure North Dakotans were protected in the Farm Bill and I’m proud we passed a bill that gives the necessary protections to our farmers and ranchers. Today, folks with the North Dakota Sugarbeet Growers Association came in to talk about our state’s sugar industry and how the Farm Bill will affect them.
Congratulations to Bethany Berntson and Tyler Toepke-Floyd on their selection to serve as North Dakota’s delegates to the U.S. Senate Youth Program. Looking forward to having them in DC, and glad to have our state so well represented at this prestigious program. 
We are at a critical moment for the future of coal-fired power, and the Coal Technology Symposium on March 5 will allow us to bring together a variety of folks who work with coal in different capacities to discuss workable solutions for the future. I’m looking forward to working with Senators Joe Manchin, Joe Donnelly, and Mark Warner to continue our efforts to find a viable path forward for coal. I hope everyone in the Washington D.C. area will take advantage of this opportunity and attend the Coal Technology Symposium on March 5 from 1-6pm ET in Senate Dirksen Room 366. More information about speakers and schedule can be found here: http://www.undeerc.org/CoalTechnologySymposium.pdf 
This week, two members of my staff, Laura Blevins and Gaston Araoz-Riveros, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Annandale, Burke, Christiansburg and Pearisburg. Please stop by if you have questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: 
Fired up that Berlin, Maryland on the Eastern Shore has been voted Coolest Small Town in America - way to go!   Berlin is pure Maryland - from thriving businesses & natural beauty to nearby Atlantic coast tourism and jobs. I'm proud it’s been voted the coolest in America! 
Claire today had the opportunity to meet Missouri delegates representing the Disabled American Veterans (DAV)—a veterans advocacy group dedicated to empowering veterans and improving their lives.
I applaud President Obama’s decision to prepare for a complete withdrawal of all U.S. troops from Afghanistan by the end of this year, and I hope he will choose this course regardless of who succeeds President Karzai in Afghanistan’s April elections. Through the bravery and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform, we have accomplished much of what we set out to do in Afghanistan: Osama bin Laden is dead, extremist networks in Afghanistan have been disrupted so that they are no longer a credible international threat and the Afghan Security Forces have received training and equipment for nearly a decade. Unfortunately, American money and military might cannot solve the problems that remain. They cannot make President Karzai a friend of the United States, they cannot prevent insider attacks against our troops, and they cannot root out the corruption that thrives on American tax dollars. It is time to bring our troops home from our nation’s longest war.
http://www.nationaljournal.com/congress/is-there-a-way-forward-on-unemployment-insurance-in-the-senate-20140225
I’m having good conversations with Republicans to extend emergency unemployment insurance. I believe we need to extend UI for 6 months, rather than 3. We’ll be voting again on this important issue soon.
So wonderful to meet with Lucy Meyer, UNICEF’s official spokesperson for children with disabilities and Global Messenger for the 2015 Special Olympics World Games. Lucy is doing great work advocating for children around the world with disabilities.
Senator Shaheen met with New Hampshire Credit Union League members this morning on Capitol Hill to talk about helping small businesses and our economy grow.
Congratulations to Montana Olympians Maggie Voisin, Bradley Wilson, Heather McPhie and Torin Koos.  These four athletes proudly represented our state and nation in Sochi and make Montana proud.
Joined my friend Tim Kaine this morning to introduce Virginian Hannah Lauck in her nomination hearing. If confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Hannah will become the first woman judge on the federal trial bench in Richmond. Judge Lauck has an exemplary record as a prosecutor and a magistrate judge, and I am proud to support her nomination.
