On Monday, a jury found Trinity Highway Products to have committed fraud in failing to adequately notify federal officials of changes to their guardrails.   The heads installed at the end of these rails are intended to slide along the rail and absorb the impact in the case of an accident. Trinity’s new rails—which they saved about $2 per head on—often jammed, causing the rail to pierce vehicles, putting lives in danger.   This is unacceptable, and it took far too long for the US Federal Highway Administration to start asking the right questions.  The more I learn about the supposed watchdog function of these federal agencies, the more concerned I am about how cozy they are with the industry.  Today I called on the Federal Highway Administration to expedite their investigation into Trinity, and to provide a full report on their findings and how they have responded to safety concerns thus far. http://j.mp/1tKXr6v
One of the reasons I have stayed healthy for so many years is because I always get my annual flu shot. Make sure you protect your family and yourself by getting yours soon!
Congrats to Megan Szabo of Postlethwaite Middle School for being named Delaware's 2015 State Teacher of the Year!
As central PA battles a heroin epidemic, I'm pushing for continued funding for the Counterdrug Center in Fort Indiantown Gap.
Congratulations to Malala Yousafzai on receiving a well-deserved Liberty Medal last night at the National Constitution Center in Philly.
For National Substance Abuse Month, we recognize efforts to prevent addiction and help those battling addiction.
Did you know that a lot of computing pioneers, the ones who programmed the first digital computers, were women? #STEM
Today I brought U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Julian Castro to Williston to examine the housing challenges and needs of western North Dakota. With median rents in the oil patch increasing by 135 percent in just the past few years, it’s urgent that we address the challenges of the housing market. During today’s roundtable discussion, Secretary Castro and I announced another step in the right direction – HUD’s newly approved emergency waivers, providing public housing authorities with more flexibility to accurately reflect the needs of residents in the area. I will continue to work closely with HUD to help make sure all of our state’s communities have the necessary infrastructure to meet the growing needs of North Dakota’s families. http://1.usa.gov/1zl0qoJ
Some of our state’s greatest housing issues and needs are found in Indian Country, including on the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation. After I invited U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Julian Castro to North Dakota earlier this year, he saw these challenges firsthand today in Belcourt. Secretary Castro and I also announced $6 million in federal funding to assist with mold remediation on tribal lands, which tribes can apply to HUD for. We must develop practical solutions that work for the range of housing needs in Indian Country and today’s visit by Secretary Castro is a big step in the right direction. http://1.usa.gov/1pB8jNa
Senator Manchin hosted Senator Sheldon Whitehouse from Rhode Island in West Virginia for a tour of West Virginia’s energy facilities to demonstrate the state’s ability to utilize diverse energy resources. Senator Manchin emphasized the importance of investing in the technology needed to provide cleaner power while also ensuring reliable and affordable electricity throughout the United States. This trip is part of an ongoing dialogue between the two Senators about the need to find meaningful solutions to develop the technology necessary to produce affordable and reliable electricity that meets our nation’s energy needs while also addressing the adverse effects of climate change.
Today, I joined Senator Joe Manchin III for the West Virginia leg of our #ClimateCommonSense tour. It’s great to see the innovative work being done and technology being developed in West Virginia to minimize carbon pollution from fossil fuels and increase efficiency at power plants. As we keep working together, coastal states like ours and fossil fuel-producing states like West Virginia can both benefit, and that’s good news for the economy and our environment.
I met with U.S TRANSCOM General Selva to discuss the unacceptable delays in delivering servicemembers’ vehicles and expressed serious concerns about the lack of preparation and substandard performance of the contractor, International Auto Logistics. I made it clear to the General that unless the performance improves, all options must be on the table, including renegotiating or terminating this contract. Our military service members and their families should not have to bear the brunt of this terrible performance. http://1.usa.gov/1t4UXxS
