Thank you Astrid Silva, for speaking out in support of the President's #ImmigrationAction.
Congrats, Malala, on accepting the #NobelPrize. You continue to inspire millions of people around the world.
In 2012 alone, the CDC reported 33,563 gun deaths in the United States. In the two years since the tragic mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary, our country has seen 95 school shootings.   I and other Senators are showing our solidarity with our constituents, and our commitment to honoring all those lost, by wearing pins on our lapels that display the number of gun deaths for our state in 2012. And in accordance with overwhelming public support, we will continue to fight for common-sense gun reform.   You can join us. Click here, download the image for your state, and add it to your social media profiles. Ask for action today. http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/gun-deaths
On this #HumanRightsDay, I would like to thank those who stand up for fundamental and universal principles.  From the repression of journalists in #Azerbaijan and #China, to the brutal regimes in #NorthKorea and #Uzbekistan, we must stand together in condemnation of injustice and continue the urgent task of fostering an international community where every person has the same equal opportunities to contribute to mankind. The United States must lead the international community in advancing human rights.  But our international leadership must start at home.   We cannot afford to overlook the human rights issues in our own backyard. This Congress I was proud to introduce several pieces of legislation that address our own challenges—legislation to end #racialprofiling at every level of law enforcement, legislation to  restore the right to vote to Americans who have served their time, and legislation that would create a Constitutional Amendment to give women full and equal rights under our constitution. In the upcoming Congress, I will work across the aisle to ensure that human rights remain at the forefront of every discussion.
Would like to welcome Chris Van Hollen to the Bicameral Task Force on #ClimateChange. With Henry Waxman retiring at the end of this Congress, Chris Van Hollen (D-#MD-08) will be joining as the new lead co-chair in the House of Representatives.   As Marylanders, we see the threats climate change pose to our state where 70 percent of residents live within coastal areas and the prospect of sea level rise and intense storms pose a serious risk.  Chris has demonstrated his leadership on this issue by proposing cap and dividend legislation, as well as a strong track record working to restore the health of the #ChesapeakeBay.  I look forward to our work together on the Task Force. #ActOnClimate
Proud to stand with U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer Representative Elijah E. Cummings Chris Van Hollen Dutch Ruppersberger  Congressman John Sarbanes and the Stats of Maryland in announcing a $15 million grant through the U.S. Department of Education's Preschool Development Grant program to provide high-quality preschool programs in 18 school districts across Maryland.  We never get do-overs when it comes to our children's early development, which makes this federal grant to strengthen and expand preschool programs in targeted #Maryland communities incredibly important. Our goal is to ensure that all 4-year-olds have the chance to acquire the learning skills they need to be successful later in life. Together, we can make certain that the window of opportunity doesn't close on Maryland students before it ever opens.
Today, I had the chance to talk to state legislators from the around the country, and one of our own, John Kowalko, about working together to pass the long-term transportation bill that our states desperately need.
Every parent wants their child to have a shot at the American Dream. For the parents of a child affected by a severe disability such as Down Syndrome or autism, that hope for a secure future is no less powerful.
"I believe the American people deserve — and our values demand — exactly this sort of a robust and open debate. I think that Congress should not adjourn until we vote on an AUMF."
#PassSextonAct http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/Jacob-Sexton-Act
With Senate vote on national defense bill and Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act approaching, Senator Donnelly and organizations supporting the Sexton Act talk about progress to prevent military suicide.
This view is out of this world.
Releasing the Intelligence Committee's study of the CIA's detention and interrogation program to the American people today will finally provide a thorough accounting of what happened and how it happened.  In addition, I hope that this process helps to ensure that it never, ever happens again. Torture is wrong; it is un-American; and it doesn't work.
Deadline to enroll for health care and get covered by January 1 is Monday, December 15. Sign up now to start the new year protected.
The Federal Housing Administration announced higher loan limits for seven western North Dakota counties to better reflect the soaring housing costs across the region. For years, our state’s oil and gas boom has been driving up the demand for housing across the state, particularly out west, but we have to make sure families can keep up. That’s why I’ve been pushing our federal agencies to pay more attention to our state’s housing shortage and brought U.S. Department of Housing & Urban Development Secretary Castro to Williston and Turtle Mountain this fall. Every hardworking family deserves a safe, affordable home, and I’ll keep working to make that possible. http://1.usa.gov/166REOn
Today, the U.S. Department of Education announced that Virginia will receive a $17.5 million Preschool Development Grant to increase access to early childhood education through the Virginia Preschool Initiative. In October, I wrote a letter to the Department of Education urging the department to award the grant to Virginia.  Learn more here:
I enjoyed attending the portrait unveiling of Bernardo de Galvez, the governor of Spanish-controlled Louisiana who helped American revolutionaries by defeating the British in Florida and allowing colonial troops access to the Mississippi River as a critical supply line. This event was a great reminder and celebration of America's Hispanic roots.
Today we have forged a new way forward for veterans that changes the lawbooks to provide certainty in the federal checkbooks for the benefits veterans have earned and deserve.   This means that beginning next year, veterans will receive their benefits regardless of shutdowns, slamdowns and gridlock in Congress. Veterans and their families should not have to question whether they will get their benefits if the government cannot work together to get the job done. This change in law will better ensure that promises made to veterans are promises kept.
My thoughts and prayers are with those who lost loved ones in this week's plane crash in Gaithersburg, especially to the Gemmell Family. My deepest gratitude goes to the first responders who rushed to the scene and the community rallying to help their neighbors. Although there is an investigation underway by the National Transportation Safety Board, many facts have yet to be confirmed. As we search for answers, I join Montgomery County, the entire State of Maryland and the nation in mourning those who lost their lives in this tragic accident.
As a father of a 3 year old and a 6 year old, I am particularly appreciative of everything early childhood education does to improve a kid's well-being. Today, I'm proud to announce that my Connecticut colleagues and I were able to secure a $12.5 million grant from the U.S. Department of Education and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to expand CT's preschool programs. Now, more kids in CT will have access to quality early learning programs. I was proud to fight for this funding, and I'm pleased to see the federal government invest in the educational success of kids across Connecticut.
Join Claire tomorrow, Thursday, December 11 at 11:00am ET/10:00am CT, right here on her Facebook page as she takes your questions LIVE. If you’re unable to ask a question during the Q&A, please feel free to leave your question in the comments section below. Claire will also answer a few of your questions asked in advance.
Like and share if you agree: EPA's carbon pollution rule can do even more to avoid catastrophic climate change. #ActOnClimate
As Honorary Chair of the Discover the Real West Virginia Foundation, Senator Manchin welcomed West Virginia businesses from the I-79 Corridor to the seventh annual Identification Intelligence Seminar and Expo in Washington, D.C. The annual identification intelligence industry event provided opportunities for executives in cyber security, forensics, biometrics and big data to explore business partnerships, research synergies and investment opportunities in West Virginia.
As Honorary Chair of the Discover the Real West Virginia Foundation, I was proud to welcome businesses from the I-79 Corridor to the seventh annual Identification Intelligence Seminar and Expo. Our state remains one of the most competitive, business-friendly states in the country, and tonight's event was a wonderful opportunity for executives in cyber security, forensics, biometrics and big data to explore business partnerships in the Mountain State.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1yzedlw
Exciting news for Rhode Island families today.  I worked hard to make this federal funding available, and I’m glad RI has the chance to expand educational opportunities for our youngest students:
I'll try to seek common ground with Republicans. But I’m not going to throw middle-class America overboard.
This major award from the Dept of Education will help prepare New York's children for kindergarten & lead them to a bright academic future - it's a true jumpstart on life.
Today is International Human Rights Day – a day commemorating the UN General Assembly’s adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948, and celebrating the declaration’s fundamental proposition that each of is equally entitled to the full range of human rights. I have introduced a resolution on Indonesia – to address the country’s past crimes, and support its continued progress as we work together to strengthen the Asia Pacific Region. We must recognize the challenges of the past and the progress that must continue as we work to ensure that human rights are protected globally.    Next year marks the 50th anniversary of the mass murder of hundreds of thousands of Indonesian people ­from all walks of life ­– women’s groups, intellectuals, teachers and others – who were targeted for their alleged association with communism from 1965 to 1966. The U.S. provided financial and military assistance during this time and later, though few Americans are aware of our own government’s actions during this time. The crimes were blamed on Indonesia’s Communist Party, and many of the killers continue to live with impunity, while survivors and the descendants of victims continue to be marginalized.   My resolution urges Indonesia’s new government to create a truth and reconciliation commission to address these crimes, and urges our own government to establish an interagency working group to release relevant classified documents regarding these crimes. We must draw attention to these events to support Indonesia’s continued progress as a democracy and a vital ally. Listen to my speech on the Senate floor about the resolution below, and read the full text of the resolution here: https://www.scribd.com/doc/249795193/Sense-of-the-Senate-Resolution-Regarding-Indonesia
Great video on the importance of patent systems to promote innovation and progress. Congrats to Simon from Falls Church, on winning the IPO Education Foundation's video contest! http://1.usa.gov/1wyI9Dl
Very pleased the House passed our Chesapeake Bay Accountability Act, which now heads to the President for his signature. I was very happy to work with Virginia GOP Rep. Rob Wittman on this. Restoring the Chesapeake Bay will not only preserve a national treasure, but will reap huge economic and environmental benefits to the Commonwealth. This legislation will allow us to better manage and coordinate restoration efforts to increase accountability and make sure that every dollar spent makes progress towards cleaning up the Bay.  http://1.usa.gov/1umCYQC
Thank you Codeva and #HourOfCode for your efforts to promote computer science and programming education across Virginia. We need to increase our focus on #STEM education for high school and middle school students. That’s why I co-sponsored the Computer Science Education and Jobs Act, which would make computer science a core academic subject & promote funding to train high quality computer science teachers.
The House is about to vote on a closed-door budget deal that slips in a provision — literally written by Citigroup lobbyists — to let Wall Street derivatives traders once again gamble with our economy. We all need to fight back immediately against this giveaway to the most powerful banks in the country. Share this video with your friends right now to fight back. Congress needs to withhold support of the budget package until this risky giveaway is removed from the legislation.
The findings of the Senate Intelligence Committee's report are deeply troubling. Transparency is the first step toward accountability – to fix our mistakes we need to face them honestly. We must always live up to our nation’s core values to preserve our role as a moral leader in the world, and that means recognizing that torture is never acceptable.
