To those who have been on hunger strike to fight for immigration reform, I say thank you. The fight goes on.
Read my op-ed on the Dean of the Senate women, my friend Senator Barbara Mikulski
Since #ACA was enacted in 2010- 320,000 #Maryland kids w/ pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied coverage or charged more to #GetCovered
I continue to stand with the people of Ukraine in their aspirations for a more democratic future, in which the rule of law and respect for human rights prevail.  I am deeply dismayed by yesterday’s decision by #Ukrainian authorities to use Interior Ministry troops against peaceful #protests in central #Kyiv, coming after the already brutal dispersal of protestors last week.   There is no justification for these actions, which, along with other #humanrights violations, are grossly at odds with #Ukraine’s Organization for #Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) commitments and a serious blot on Ukraine’s #OSCE Chairmanship. I call upon the Ukrainian authorities to take immediate, resolute steps to ensure that #freedom of assembly and expression are respected.   These recent events come against the backdrop of the overall deterioration of human rights and #democracy in Ukraine in the last few years.  The #US., #Canada and the #EU have spoken out forcefully on these assaults on basic freedoms.  Unless the Ukrainian authorities take concrete actions to improve the situation, the international community should seriously consider undertaking additional measures such as the imposition of targeted #sanctions against Ukrainian officials responsible for human rights abuses, including the suppression of peaceful protests.
Looks like it's going to be a late night/early morning in the Senate.
Thanks to the students from St. John's Lutheran School for stopping by the Senate Hart Office Building yesterday - always a joy to talk with young people about what we're doing in Washington.
The Department of Homeland Security will pass a clean financial audit in the first time in its history. DHS leadership deserves a big pat on the back for making this a priority. This is a huge step in preventing waste, fraud and abuse at this critical agency.
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would mean up to 129 million Americans with pre-existing conditions could be denied health coverage or charged higher premiums just because of their health status when they shop in the individual market. More than 5 million Illinoisans, over 750,000 of which are children, currently have a pre-existing condition like heart disease, cancer, asthma, diabetes or high blood pressure. Under the Affordable Care Act, those Illinoisans cannot be denied coverage or charged higher premiums due to pre-existing conditions. Let’s help Illinoisans and all Americans take advantage of the benefits of the Affordable Care Act. Find out more how the Affordable Care Act prevents insurance companies from denying coverage due to a pre-existing condition here:
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. The U.S. Departments of Energy and Treasury have granted tax credits to Carrier Corporation of Indianapolis and Delphi Automotive Systems, LLC of Kokomo for their work in clean energy manufacturing. Delphi expects to create over 150 new jobs.   Donnelly said, “I am extremely proud of the hard working Hoosiers across the state who are contributing to the continued growth of America’s manufacturing sector. The tax credits will help these companies invest further in more good-paying manufacturing jobs right here in Indiana. When we invest in American manufacturing, we support a strong middle class.”  -Joe
I've been privileged to work with Hillary Clinton, one of the most talented, impressive women I’ve ever known.
Senator Tom Udall and I just introduced a bill to designate the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks a national monument. Like and share!
Today LM Wind Power from Grand Forks received a significant federal award to expand production and create 170 ND jobs.  North Dakota is already a leader in wind energy production and manufacturing and this federal investment will help our state continue to harness our energy resources, and bring more good paying and quality jobs to the Grand Forks area.
At the Senate Banking Committee hearing today, I asked how the Administration’s plan is working to disarm Iran.
Senators Max Baucus from Montana and Patty Murray from Washington just cosponsored my Commission on Native Children bill. The bill already has 13 bipartisan cosponsors and I’m continuing to push for more. This continued support for my bill shows that more and more Senators understand how important it is to give our Native children the protections and support they deserve.
I’m using instagram to share more photos and videos. 
 
 If you get a chance, check out my page: http://instagram.com/senatormenendez
Here's a #ThrowBackThursday for you! Claire found this photo of her older sister Anne (left), grandma, mom Betty Anne, and Claire with her, as she described them, "chipmunk cheeks." Can you tell what book they're reading?  #TBT
This week I have introduced the bipartisan “Protect Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act” that makes it it clear that volunteer emergency service workers are not required to be counted as full-time equivalent employees (FTEs) for purposes of healthcare coverage.  Due to a technical error that unintentionally penalizes volunteer fire departments, the health care law jeopardizes funding for training and emergency response hours by imposing unreasonable burdens on many of our volunteer emergency response agencies.   Our bipartisan fix makes sure there is a clear distinction between full-time, paid emergency responders and volunteers so that our emergency response teams can keep our communities safe without the threat of reducing necessary funding for training or emergency response hours. I thank my good friend Senator Mark Warner for his leadership on fixing this problem with the Affordable Care Act.  Read more on my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=85eff665-b4f6-47fc-88a6-0bee389be862
Extending unemployment benefits is very important, and it will be our first item of business in the new year.
Today, I met with Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America and thanked them for their persistence in pushing to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous criminals. I expressed my commitment to passing legislation that includes comprehensive background checks, and I indicated that we'll have another vote on this important legislation in the near future.
VIDEO: Senator Reid explains the GOP talkathon
Today Senator Shaheen introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Tom Coburn to limit federal spending on oil paintings of government officials. The bill would put a cap on the amount of taxpayer support for the portraits, protecting taxpayers as is done in New Hampshire. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1kDOXUJ
“Loretta Fuddy was one of the finest, most capable, and most caring public servants I have ever known. This is a sad day for Hawai‘i. My condolences and aloha go to Loretta's ohana and the Hawai‘i Department of Health family. Loretta was one of the very best.” – BES  http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/24200547/fuddy-remembered-as-quiet-trailblazer
Proud to introduce the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks Conservation Act today to preserve some of New Mexico’s most special places while promoting tourism and economic development in the region. A new Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument would generate an estimated $7.4 million in annual new economic activity, new jobs and other economic benefits for Southern New Mexico's economy. Share this infographic by the New Mexico Green Chamber of Commerce to show others how protecting this is good for business and good for our economy.
Today I'm proud to introduce the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks Conservation Act to preserve some of our state's most iconic landscapes, while boosting the region's tourism and outdoor economy, creating jobs and improving hunting and hiking opportunities. Designating a national monument would put the Organ Mountains and other spectacular areas of Doña Ana County on recreation maps around the world, attracting tourists to Southern New Mexico, creating jobs and bringing in millions of dollars in tourism revenue.  Click below for more information about our bill and help us grow the coalition for the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument.
Had a great time skyping with Charlottesville High School students today on immigration reform. CHS’s Global Citizenship Class has been studying immigration reform using a lesson plan called “Speak Up for Immigration,” which we developed with UVA's education school. America is a country of immigrants and it’s important that we continue to remember and honor that. MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1gsZm8i
