Congratulations to New Glarus Brewing for receiving the most votes in our craft brewers survey. To see a full list of breweries that received votes, click here:
Proud to partner with U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski and USDA Rural Development to bring critical funds to to extend Allegany County water mains to connect to the Rawlings community water system and replace the existing aged distribution system.    "All Marylanders deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that the water coming out of their faucet is clean and safe. Keeping this a reality is becoming increasingly more difficulty as the water infrastructure we rely on outlives its expected lifespan,” said Senator Cardin. "I applaud USDA-RD’s proactive approach, and strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems in Allegany County and across the nation. We must continue to take a proactive approach, making strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems."   Read More. http://alturl.com/2vqug
Heading over to the #Baltimore Urban  League later this afternoon for a roundtable  discussion on legislative efforts to end racial profiling.   I recently joined with Rep. John Conyers (D-MI), author of the House companion bill, and leading civil rights groups to urge their colleagues in the Senate and House to come together to pass this important legislation.     The End Racial Profiling Act (#ERPA) is designed to enforce the constitutional right to equal protection of the laws by eliminating racial profiling through changing the policies and procedures underlying the practice. It has been endorsed by the NAACP The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights Rights Working Group ACLU Nationwide
#HappyWomensEqualityDay today we recommit to many worthy efforts to ensure liberty & justice for all, #RatifyEra #VRA #PayCheckFairness.
In Case You Missed It: New York Times details impacts of sequester on federal public defenders
PHOTO: Senator Donnelly toured The Home Depot in New Albany to talk about the importance of hiring Guard and reserve members, as well as veterans.
Fellow Hoosiers, the Indiana Department of Homeland Security is currently surveying Indiana citizens to gauge emergency readiness. Click the link below to participate. All those surveyed are eligible to win a free all hazards/weather radio.
On day two of the “Serving Those Who Serve” Defense Jobs Tour, Senator Donnelly visited Ameriqual’s facility in Evansville, where he saw how the company produces high-quality, shelf-stable food packages for servicemembers.
Share this #goodnews with your friends. After close to seven decades, Rich Birs, a 94-year-old resident of Portage, finally received the Purple Heart he earned in the Battle of Okinawa during World War II.
I heard about Myrtle Farrell's story from an old family friend of hers and couldn't resist stopping by to meet her.  At 104 years old, she is the most experienced quilter in the Red River Valley!
Spoke during panel discussion tonight hosted by the Greater North Dakota Chamber about the need to work together to find real solutions. That's the way in #ND way. We need to build a strong future for the next generation. That means reducing the deficit and working together on many issues, including the#FarmBill & energy.
http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-safety-remains-highest-priority-as-closure-looms-for-vermont-yankee-plant   U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) says safety should remain the highest priority as Entergy prepares to close the Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant.  The company Tuesday announced plans to close the aging plant in 2014.
Stopped by Assa Abloy in New Haven today. Love that these state-of-the-art security locks are manufactured right here in CT
Gateway Community College, New Haven is supporting vets by implementing the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and U.S. Department of Education 8 Keys to Success. Visited today to hear how it's going
Great Pancakes & Politics in Fairfield. Caught up w Police Explorers, brave students who want to join the force someday
Westport this afternoon. https://vine.co/v/hiA2pjKw22U
Lots of NYers are visiting Ireland! Today met NYers from Buffalo, Elmira, Patchogue, Brooklyn & Staten Island. Yesterday, met the dad of Massapequa Park Mayor Jeffrey Pravato, and snapped a picture with him.
Today Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) renewed her call for Congress to pass the Charlie Morgan Military Spouses Equal Treatment Act after the Department of Veterans Affairs indicated that legislation is necessary to grant veterans in same-sex marriages benefits for their spouses and families.  “We need to pass the Charlie Morgan Act to bring Department of Veterans Affairs benefits policy in line with the Supreme Court’s ruling striking down DOMA. I’m committed to making this happen,” said Senator Shaheen. “Every individual who serves in uniform deserves access to the benefits that they’ve earned and rightfully deserve. We can’t tolerate this type of discrimination, especially in the aftermath of a historic Supreme Court ruling that declared the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional.” Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/17hKgw5
Very sad to hear of the passing of Concord’s Louie Smirnioudis. Louie was a man who cared deeply for his community where he served hundreds of meals to needy families year after year on Thanksgiving. I was lucky enough to have known him and he will be greatly missed. My thoughts are prayers are with his family and friends.
In case you missed, ABC News ran a great segment on the wasteful and duplicative catfish inspection program that Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) and John McCain (R-AZ) are trying to abolish.  The USDA has already warned that the program will cost $15 million to operate annually and is already costing millions of dollars to develop.  Click her to watch the ABC News story on the wasteful program and why it needs to go: http://abcn.ws/18YeYKc
Our office is still accepting applications to join our Hawai‘i high school seniors internship program known as #SchatzSeniors.  Students interested in applying can fill out the application linked below and mail it to our Honolulu Office - Senator Brian Schatz, 300 Ala Moana Blvd. Room 7-212, Honolulu, HI 96850.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/documents/seniors_application.pdf
Had a great time visiting with Westerly seniors today. Proud to discuss my efforts to protect Social Security and oppose the use of chained CPI to calculate benefits.
NA
