With improvements to SW PA’s locks and dams at stake, I called on the House to pass a bill with my key provisions that could significantly upgrade the region’s locks and dams and create jobs. Read More: http://1.usa.gov/183rhHL
Our next job fair is Monday in Dover! More than 60 employers have signed up, and they're hiring for more than 1,400 positions. Please share this with your friends and neighbors!
Yesterday, I met Kari Warberg Block, CEO of Earth-Kind, Inc. and the 2013 North Dakota Small Business Person of the Year by the U.S. Small Business Administration. This award is presented to small business owners across the country that have started and grown a prosperous business.  Earth Kind Inc. manufactures non-toxic, earth friendly rodent-repellants. For more information on the Small Business Person of the Year award and Earth-Kind, Inc., click here.  Congratulations, Kari!  #NationalSmallBusinessWeek #NorthDakotan
Today I joined emerging civil society leaders at a German Marshall Fund event in Charlottesville to discuss Middle East & North Africa transitions & the importance of their work.
Someday when I am long retired from the Senate and kids ask me what I did for energy and the environment, I want to tell them a story about how the United States led the way with innovative solutions that created jobs, reduced pollution and tackled our energy challenges head-on. Read my op-ed in the Washington Post on why the President should block the Keystone XL Project:
Yesterday on Daily Rundown, I talked about the rush to arm the Syrian opposition. Take a look: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1BKAr1z0kM&feature=c4-overview&list=UUbcEa40PIFpLpdDe06n3F3Q
Yesterday, Claire chaired a hearing where she revealed that the contracting firm which conducted Edward Snowden's background check for a security clearance is under active criminal investigation. Watch a recap of her hearing from KMBC 9 News Kansas City.
Congratulations to one of my staffers, Lee, his wife, Emily and many other adventure-seeking West Virginians who participated in the Outspoken for 4-H 10th Annual Bike Ride Across West Virginia. This group biked nearly 250 miles across the state to raise awareness for camp scholarships.  I am proud of these members and their efforts to make sure each and every young person in West Virginia has an opportunity to be a part of 4-H.
NA
NA
Senator Jeanne Shaheen and the New Hampshire State Society welcomed more than 35 New Hampshire businesses to the fourth annual Experience New Hampshire reception on Capitol Hill this evening.  The annual reception, which followed the New Hampshire Business Day luncheon, brings together businesses, organizations and policymakers in showcasing Granite State small businesses and products.
I had a great time touring the the Coca Cola Bottling Company in Londonderry today. They're a terrific example of a business already benefiting and saving money from the energy efficiency practices that Shaheen-Portman would promote.
Celebrating the opening of The Launch Place in Danville - supports local entrepreneurs through seed funding &  business services.
Great to be back at Ma Possum's in Danville!
Touring the ABB facility in South Boston. They manufacture power transformers here in Southside. Very cool!
