A new poll shows that a majority of Americans think birth control should be covered by all health insurance plans. Sara Bess from Hartford wrote in October, "I'm one of the estimated 27 million women from all corners of the country who are already benefiting from the birth control coverage rules, and I'm not willing to stay silent while politicians in Washington try to take it away from me."  It’s common sense, with data to back it up. Share this. http://j.mp/1jALxRK 
Join the National Aquarium in Baltimore in going beyond #EarthDay and beyond #EarthWeek. Their  #48DaysofBlue campaign is focused on sustained action to #SaveTheBay and change the world. You can take a few small steps to make a big difference.  
I am very proud to announce Emily Spain as my new legislative director. Emily has been invaluable to me and our entire team as my communications director for the past four years and I know she will do a tremendous job leading our legislative team going forward.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/RLFHHh  (Credit Tom Williams- http://on.fb.me/1jBq3nO - at Roll Call for the photograph)
Finalizing this memorandum of understanding will lay out a roadmap to finally begin a full and complete cleanup of the SLDA. I’m urging the relevant federal agencies to move forward in an appropriate timeframe to get this MOU done so the remediation process can move forward.
NA
Share this #GoodNews: The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs today launched a new online job search resource for transitioning service members, veterans, and their families. Check it out and share it with a service member or veteran in your life.
Senator Donnelly toured Northwest Indiana and Chicago waterways yesterday to see first-hand the measures being put in place to prevent the spread of invasive species.
#GoodNews for Markle—Utility trailer manufacturer Novae Corporation plans a $5.9 million expansion into their 4th Indiana facility creating an estimated 75 new jobs by 2016.
Earlier today I hosted a roundtable discussion at Western New Mexico University to address student loan debt and other barriers that exist for students and families. Keeping college within reach for New Mexico students is fundamental to a thriving middle class. #FairShot
I toured the Catwalk National Recreation Area yesterday to discuss the damage caused by severe flooding last year and the work being done to restore the trail to ensure it is safe for visitors to use again. Repairing the Catwalk trail is critical and will help boost tourism and grow the region’s economy.
Discussing how best to grow Grant County's local economy over breakfast with local leaders at Millie's Bake House
Met with folks at in Bismarck today to learn more about UNISYS’ operations, meet some of the 150 employees at the Bismarck facility, and learn about their innovative work in information technology.
The national graduation rate for Native high school students hovers around 50% compared to more than 75% for white students. Those aren’t odds any parent wants to hear. Today at United Tribes Technical College in Bismarck, I brought together students, education leaders, and social workers to talk about how we can work together to give Native students the futures they deserve – that’s something all North Dakotans should want to invest in. My bill to create a Commission on Native Children would be an important part of that effort by helping to improve education opportunities and bridging the academic achievement gaps between Native and non-Native students. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1e28d0d3-01c0-4c7a-b663-c8017cd0522c
Tomorrow, a member of my staff, Gwen Mason, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Vinton. In another special session, our Kaine Connects will be hosted in conjunction with the Salem Veterans Affairs Medical Center’s Rural Health Outreach Team. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
It was wonderful to meet with the dedicated cadets of the Civil Air Patrol at Grant County Airport today.
NA
To read my full statement on the most recent health effect results from the Elk River chemical spill that were released today, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=cd9e3237-ca45-458c-9341-f6e7f5bee8f3
Today, the the U.S. Department of Labor’s Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) released a rule to lower miners’ exposure to respirable coal mine dust in all underground and surface coal mines. I've always said that when it comes to the coal industry, the health and safety of our miners must be our top priority. Our coal miners have mined the coal that keeps our lights on, heats our homes and powers our businesses and it is unacceptable that they still face the threat of black lung disease. With cases of this debilitating disease again on the rise, I applaud MSHA’s efforts and look forward to working with them to find the most effective way to protect miners.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d3df9bff-efe9-4803-aaf6-b98e4aa462fe
I'm so pleased that Moundsville Power LLC decided to locate in Marshall County. This $615 million energy and economic development investment is great news not only for Moundsville, but also for the Northern Panhandle and our entire state. Yesterday, I spoke with Andy Dorn, managing partner of Moundsville Power, and he shared details of the plant and their plan to use $100 million in natural gas per year. This is a hefty investment that may spur additional development for the region. The company officials truly understand that West Virginia is a great place to do business, and I look forward to working with them to ensure that the plant and the good jobs that come with it become a reality.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=3ff6f1bb-1f87-44e7-b4e4-62f14a881358
Linking Catskill Rail Trail to greater HV trail network is great for bikers, business & our economy. 
Remember, this land is your land. Happy #EarthDay from the Hudson Valley
Senator Shaheen met with the Prospect Mountain High School’s FIRST Robotics Team to wish them luck as they head to St. Louis for the 2014 FIRST Championships. Shaheen then held two Earth Day roundtable discussions in Durham and Concord with New Hampshire environmental leaders and stakeholders to discuss the economic and environmental impact of climate change on New Hampshire. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1jFAYOs
All across New Mexico, we have men and women who have gained valuable skills in military service that can be applied to jobs in the civilian life. I have worked to help encourage businesses to hire and streamline the qualification process for vets to get good jobs and strengthen America's workforce, and I am pleased the VA has improved several existing opportunities, such as the new Veterans Employment Center.    If you're a veteran or military family member, I encourage you to explore this new online tool to search for both public and private sector jobs, and access free career tools like resume building, training and vocational resources and more. If you know of a veteran looking for work, please share it as well.
Big day for New Mexico! Today Silver City will be named the First Official Gateway Community along the Continental Divide Trail! The Continental Divide includes some of the most spectacular lands in North America. The trail crosses five states, including New Mexico, and is considered one of the greatest long-distance trails in the world. This new designation will bring new visitors to southwestern New Mexico and help boost our economy, and I congratulate Silver City NM Tourism and the Continental Divide Trail Coalition for making it a reality.
The 60-Plus association came out today with another misleading and factually inaccurate ad targeting bipartisan housing finance reforms. This second ad is just as erroneous as the first, which the nonpartisan site FactCheck.org said stretched the truth to “absurd lengths” to attack the bipartisan Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act. Click the link below to learn more.  (staff) 
