Republicans have been predicting the failure of the Affordable Care Act – and today they have been proven wrong. 
The Senate is expected to come to a bipartisan agreement later this week to extend unemployment benefits. This will be a critical step towards renewing important benefits for millions of Americans.   Unfortunately, Speaker John Boehner has called #RenewUI "unworkable"—the very same bill that would restore federal employment benefits for five months, backdated to December 28, and reward more than 2.2 million American workers their state benefits.   Speaker Boehner is playing politics with something that is just common sense. Join me and other Senators: urge Speaker Boehner and House Republicans to bring unemployment benefits to a vote.
Why should you care about the General Motors recall? Because young people—like this marine, Richard Scott Bailey —died in accidents that were preventable.
This one is simple, folks. There are Americans, right now, driving defective cars down highways at great speeds. Their lives are at risk, and they are unaware of the risk they are taking.   Senator Edward J. Markey and I say very clearly to General Motors: take these cars off the road.   Share this far and wide, so GM hears our message.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPUDO4bVy7o&feature=youtu.be
Great to see we’re moving towards #RenewUI as tonight, the Senate adopted the motion to to proceed to the Unemployment Compensation Extension bill. Another important vote is expected in the Senate later this week.   I’m hopeful that Republicans will do what’s right for American families and help pass #RenewUI.
Excited to introduce  (S. 2189) the Energy Efficiency Tax Incentives Act with Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Brian Schatz. The legislation will boost energy efficiency in government, in industry, and in commercial and residential buildings which account for more than 40 percent of energy consumption in the United States.  #Energyefficiency improvements are a smart, cost-effective way to reduce #pollution, increase the competitiveness of our manufacturers, and put Americans back to work. It’s simply good business and good policy. As a nation, we are becoming more energy efficient, but we have a long way to go. Encouraging the retrofitting of existing buildings needs to be a priority as up to 80 percent of the buildings standing today will still be here in 2050. Our #Tax Code can be an effective tool in promoting energy efficiency building and retrofits in all sectors.
Here is a great read: The New York Times explains the challenges that Bitcoin and other virtual currencies face as some people urge their widespread use. Who knows what the future holds for virtual currencies, but I am excited to see how they evolve. 
Today in 1967, the U.S. Department of Transportation began its operations. As Chair of the EPW Subcommittee on Transportation & Infrastructure, I’m proud to work with my colleagues to ensure that transportation keeps moving forward.
More than 7 Million and counting are now enrolled in ACA! We’ve come a long ways since October.
Reauthorizing this program will help some of our country’s best medical centers train physicians and enable families and children to receive better care. I’m pleased that the House came together in a bipartisan fashion to move this legislation onto the President’s desk. Pennsylvania’s children’s hospitals are some of the best in the country. Passing this bill will allow these hospitals to continue their lifesaving work and remain a driver of our economy.
Those in need have waited for too long, it’s time we come together and #RenewUI 
I would like to congratulate Coach Sanderson and his team for continuing their remarkable success. Once again, Penn State student athletes have made the entire state of Pennsylvania proud. I applaud the team’s dedication and look forward to their future achievements.
Attention veterans: The Indiana Pacers, in partnership with the Golden Star USA Foundation, are hosting their 1st annual Veterans Career Fair on Wednesday, April 2, 2014. The Career Fair will take place from 1:00pm-4:00pm at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis and will give veterans the opportunity to meet and talk with potential employers.
The Lady Irish are on a roll. Proud of my alma mater Notre Dame women's basketball team, whose undefeated season continues after winning last night and advancing to the Final Four for the fourth straight year. Let's go Irish! -Joe
Nurses are the backbone of our healthcare systems and today I sat down with Bismarck nurse, Cheryl Rising, to discuss home health, hospice, and more.
We need to make sure North Dakotans are protected from potential floods. Today I met with folks to discuss possible funding options for the Garrison Diversion.
Discussed the importance of making sure our students have healthy and affordable school meals, which also help them do better in school, with Lise Erdrich from Circle of Nations Indian School.
Land is critical to making sure tribes can fully exercise their sovereignty. The Carcieri decision created additional barriers for our North Dakota tribes, preventing them from accessing funds to build homes, manage their natural resources, and promote tribally-owned businesses. That’s why I introduced a bipartisan bill with seven other Senators to end the uncertainty from this decision. The bill also acknowledges that it’s only fair that every federally recognized tribe should have the ability to put land into trust. 
Yesterday I made a stop at MOM's supermarket in Alexandria to learn more from owner Scott Nash about why he believes raising the minimum wage is good for business. Scott and I agree with the vast majority of Americans who believe it's time to #RaiseTheWage because no one working full time should live in poverty.
On Tuesday, April 1, 2014, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.), a senior member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee, today was joined at a press conference by Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) and Senators Mary Landrieu (D-La.), Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.) and Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) along with representatives of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the National Women’s Law Center (NWLC) as well as a victim of pay discrimination.  Together they urged the Senate to take up and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, legislation which will help close the wage gap between women and men working equivalent jobs, costing women and their families $434,000 over their careers.
Today I lead the Senate Democratic women and advocates in calling on the Senate to take up and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.   More than 50 years after the Equal Pay Act, women still make just 77 cents for every dollar a man earns working an equivalent job. Five years ago we passed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act to keep the courthouse doors open. I introduced the Paycheck Fairness to finish job for equal pay!  I'm telling the women of America to suit up! Square your shoulders, put your lipstick on & lets fight for equal pay for equal work! 
As the nation marks the beginning of "Sexual Assault Awareness Month," Claire is continuing to lay the groundwork for her effort to combat sexual assaults on college campuses.  According to available statistics, approximately 19 percent of undergraduate women have been the victims of sexual assault. Because many crimes are not reported, however, it is likely, that this number is substantially higher.   Read more about Claire's efforts, here: http://1.usa.gov/1glWWD2
NA
It was great to join President Obama at the White House today to celebrate the Red Sox 2013 World Series championship.    The Red Sox are a great organization.  I want to particularly thank the Red Sox Foundation's Home Base Program for their efforts to help me pass the Joining Forces for Military Mental Health Act, to help connect more veterans in New England with high quality mental health services.
Great news. More work to be done to make the law work even better, but now, Republicans need to acknowledge that we can't -- and we shouldn't -- repeal this law.
The Koch Brothers’ gall is staggering. They are criticizing me for attacking their free speech rights. They want to say false and misleading things about Obamacare, but we’re not allowed to call them out for it?   The budget proposals drafted by House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan have been a blueprint for a modern Kochtopia. It's the Koch Budget. I'm going to keep highlighting the radical agenda of the Kochs. To any and all groups who wish to attack me on behalf of the Kochs, I say ‘fire away.’ I am proud to be the target of your attacks.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJ-z-ZKwb2Q
Tonight, the Senate adopted the motion to proceed to the Unemployment Compensation Extension bill. By rule, next vote on the bill will be on Wednesday. I'm trying to get this done as quickly as possible, while overcoming Republican procedural hurdles.
In NY, we’re all family. Loved having the Nurse Practitioners in DC today!
Ready for 1st Google hangout w/ Internet Association - we'll talk #patent trolls, reform & how help #smallbiz
NA
Governor Steve Bullock is hosting the first ever Equal Pay Summit today at MSU, reminding us it’s time to end pay discrimination against women once and for all. Let’s recognize the hard work Montana women do every day by paying them what they deserve. That’s why I will keep fighting to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act in the U.S. Senate.
This week is Southwest Wildfire Awareness Week, and I want to add my voice to state and federal partners who are sharing information to help protect your families and property from wildfires.   With historic drought and dry conditions heading into the windy season, the wildfire season is already starting, and I'll be working to ensure land agencies in New Mexico have the resources they need to prevent and fight wildfires. On the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll be pushing to ensure we have enough resources for both fire prevention and suppression, and I will continue working to ensure Congress budgets the funds we need for firefighters and equipment.   As New Mexicans, we all have a responsibility to keep our homes and communities safe by following basic safety tips. Here are a few resources: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=1602
Today we honor the legacy and achievements of American civil rights hero, who dedicated his life to improving the lives of others. Through nonviolent means, César Chávez fought for human rights and justice, better working conditions and fair wages for farmworkers across the country. Chávez was deeply committed to hard work, perseverance, and ensuring that everyone has a shot at living the American Dream. His message remains poignant, and his fight for respect, human dignity and fair treatment for all still inspires people around the world.    Chávez's legacy lives on today through individuals in New Mexico and across the nation who work to improve their communities. May we continue to serve our communities, and work to achieve Chávez's vision of a country free from discrimination where everyone has the right to succeed regardless of his or her background.
The Government Accountability Office says the federal government is charging nearly twice as much interest as it needs to run the student loan program for undergraduates. It seems to me we’re just taxing students for the privilege of borrowing money to get an education. I think that’s obscene.  The federal student loan program should not be designed to make profits for the federal government. 
