Janet Yellen has the right experience, right perspective & right judgment to lead the Fed. I was proud to support her from the start.
The Senate has a chance to show compassion & stimulate the economy by extending Unemployment Insurance for the long-term unemployed.
Today Ben sat down with fellow Baltimorean  Adam May to discuss #Unemployment Insurance and the legislative outlook for 2014. Tune into America Tonight at 9pm to see the full interview.
Today, a new era of safety, comfort and convenience arrived at Metro as the first 7000-series train pulled into Greenbelt Station. The newest addition to the rail fleet will fulfill a critical National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) recommendation by replacing the oldest cars in the fleet, while also adding train capacity. Metro General Manager and CEO Richard Sarles was joined by Senator Ben Cardin,Senator Barbara Mikulski, Governor Martin O’Malley, Mayor Vincent Gray and other officials for a tour of the new cars, which include many new design features that were suggested by customers.   “This is all about safety. Metro has a recognized responsibility to keep its riders and its employees as safe as possible. The arrival of new 7000-series cars, made possible by dedicated funding from the federal government and local jurisdictions, translates into greater safety and expanded service for our communities, especially the federal government which relies on Metro daily and in times of crisis,” said Senator Cardin, who, as a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, pushed forward the authorization needed to provide Metro with consistent, annual funding that would give Metro the ability to make such major capital investments.
Big news for you gamers and #bitcoin users. Zynga will allow you to purchase some games with bitcoin on a trial basis.
Visiting the Farm Show and discussing the benefits that the Farm Bill will have for all Pennsylvanians.
Winter in PA Cover Photo Contest  Submit a photo with your first name, hometown, and photo location to photos@casey.senate.gov. You’ll get the chance to vote on your favorites and we’ll use the one with the most likes as our facebook cover photo.  Please submit your photos by January 12th.
Thank you to the @IndianaGuardsman, whose Humvees are shown here in front of the Marion Co. Sheriffs Department.  They have been helping the MCSD transport those without power to warming stations.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. 2013 was a good year to be an auto dealership in Indiana. Increases in car sales ranged from 7 to 38 percent in much of Northern Indiana. The national average was up as well, rising 8.4 percent.
Please stay safe today during this dangerous winter weather. -Joe  For more information concerning winter weather safety, please visit the Indiana Department of Homeland Security's website: http://www.in.gov/dhs/.
Dr. Yellen’s thoughtful and creative outlook on fiscal policy while promoting job growth is exactly what our country needs right now. Not only will be the first woman to chair the Federal Reserve, but she is one of the most qualified individuals to ever be nominated for the position. It’s my hope that she will use her intellect, experience, and ingenuity to continue to move our economy out of the worst recession since the Great Depression.
As we start a new year, North Dakotans should remember to check your credit report every year to make sure there aren't any mistakes on it. A poor credit report could hurt your ability to get loans - whether it's a credit card, mortgage, auto loan, or something else. Click below to get your free credit report now:
Congratulations to Kristine Brandt, a teacher at Ben Franklin Middle School in Fargo, and Kathleen Lentz, who teaches at Washington Elementary School in Valley City, for receiving the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. Countless North Dakota students have benefited from the selfless dedication of both these teachers, as well as countless other teachers across North Dakota.  It’s imperative that we as a nation focus on improving our kids’ math and science skills to help put our students on a path toward solid, higher paying jobs, and help our country continue to innovate. We are so fortunate to have excellent educators in North Dakota, like Kristine and Kathleen, who are helping to make that vision possible.
On Monday, January 6, 2014, Senator Barbara Mikulski was joined by Team Maryland and Metro and transportation leaders in touring the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority's (WMATA) new 7000-series railcars. The cars will fulfill a critical NTSB safety recommendation by replacing Metro's oldest cars, while also adding train capacity.
For all that Metro does to keep government running, get people to work and get cars off the road, this investment in Metro is about safety and it’s about jobs. Metro's new 7000 series cars are the next generation of safer cars to ride the rails of Washington’s Metro.   This strategic accomplishment has brought together the best ideas with the best practices and the best engineering to create safety and create jobs. These rail cars were built by American workers in Nebraska and Maryland to keep safety on track on America’s subway.
NA
http://www.msnbc.com/andrea-mitchell-reports/watch/reed-unemployed-americans-want-to-work-108099139573
Congress needs to do everything it can to accelerate economic growth and help the private sector create more jobs.  This evening, the U.S. Senate will have an opportunity to do just that when it votes on the bipartisan Reed-Heller plan to reauthorize federal unemployment insurance (UI) for 3 months.  Please contact your senators today and tell them that preserving unemployment insurance will spur consumer demand and help local businesses, states, and struggling families.    UI has been around since the 1930s.  It is designed to be there for every worker in their hour of greatest need.  But today, political gridlock has left 1.3 million American jobseekers without this vital safety net.  If Congress doesn't act soon, another 2 million Americans will find themselves in a similar situation within the next 6 months.    Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) and I have offered a pragmatic, temporary bill that can be quickly enacted so Congress can negotiate a longer-term solution.  A new study by the Council of Economic Advisers and the U.S. Department of Labor estimates that the failure to renew UI could cost our economy 240,000 jobs in 2014, including 1,284 in Rhode Island.  And the ideological argument that UI creates a disincentive to work is not backed by evidence, facts, or common sense.  So please help me send a message that Congress should work together to create more job opportunities.  We need to do everything we can to create jobs and improve the labor market.  But until the economy recovers, preserving UI is one of the most cost effective ways to help struggling families and businesses in our communities.
I had planned to hold a vote on extending unemployment insurance tonight. But many Republican senators weren't present tonight and complained that the process was being rushed. The Republican minority whip asked to delay the vote, and I agreed. The vote will now take place at 10 am tomorrow morning.
This afternoon, the Senate will hold a vote on extending unemployment compensation. Passing it is the right thing to do. The 3-month extension has bipartisan support, and it only needs a few more Republican votes in order to pass. Make your voice heard!
New Yorkers are determined to get back to work; extending unemployment insurance helps.  #RenewUI
This morning Senator Shaheen met with officials from the New Hampshire Office of Energy and Planning and New Hampshire Community Action Programs in Dover to discuss the importance of home heating assistance for people in New Hampshire. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/198nFpB
Did you know today is New Mexico's birthday? 102 years ago today we officially became a state. Click here for a great summary of New Mexico's quest for statehood at the New Mexico Genealogical Society, and share this with others to say Happy Birthday New Mexico!
 
 http://www.nmgs.org/artcuar7.htm
Thoughtful editorial by The Santa Fe New Mexican about the importance of extending long-term unemployment benefits. I am glad the first item of business when Congress reconvenes today will indeed be a vote on reinstating these benefits. I also agree that emergency help should not become an entitlement, but that this is an important bridge to help families get by. That's why I will be voting to extend these benefits to help the economy "with the added benefit of keeping children fed and families stable."
Congratulations to Janet Yellen! Proud to vote today to confirm her as the first female head of the Federal Reserve.
