An 18-year-old young man in Ohio died suddenly at the end of May. It was determined he was killed by a powdered caffeine overdose. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued a warning to consumers to avoid this product, but their warning is not enough. Today, I call on the FDA to remove this product from the market until they determine a proper regulatory framework for its distribution.   Powdered caffeine currently poses an imminent threat to the public, and represents a new and emerging public health hazard that deserves closer scrutiny by the FDA.   Share this: http://j.mp/1kXPQh0
Forbes says Baltimore Ravens are 5th best in the NFL. #RavensNation knows we're #1. 
NA
Many members of the ‘sandwich generation’ are working more and making less, while at the same time dealing with challenges of caring for aging parents, raising children and squeezing every penny to ensure retirement. That is why I plan to introduce legislation to establish a Caregiver Corps program to foster the creation of community-based programs that can help ‘fill the gap’ in assisting older adults and individuals with disabilities, and in providing added support for informal caregivers. The Caregiver Corps will give middle class families another avenue for help or assistance as they struggle to support their own children and care for an aging parent.
In Johnstown speaking with residents about my plan for a national Caregiver Corps.
Application deadline is October 15!
This morning as part of #OhioRiverTour, Joe got an update on River Ridge Commerce Center and visited BriovaRx in Jeffersonville, continuing to focus on creating jobs and growing Indiana's economy
Joe kicked off Day 2 of #OhioRiverTour meeting with the New Albany Mayor, Police Chief, Sheriff, and Economic Development Director at Toast on Market
Citizen Days offer a chance to shine a light on groups like People Incorporated and the great work they do for Virginians. Home weatherization projects, like the one we completed with them today, have the potential to lower utility bills by 20-30%, which makes a big difference in people's lives.
Today in #Ferguson, Claire sat down with Attorney General Eric Holder to talk about the situation on the ground and the ongoing federal investigation.
I agree with the Air Line Pilots Association & the AFL-CIO: The Department of Transportation must uphold strong safety & labor regulations for passengers & crew on all flights.
Today was a tremendous step forward in fighting the prescription drug abuse epidemic that is rampant across West Virginia and our country. As Governor and now as U.S. Senator, I have diligently fought to stem the tide on the prescription drug abuse, and rescheduling these highly addictive drugs will help prevent them from getting into the wrong hands and devastating families and communities.  Please visit my website to read my full statement on the DEA's official announcement to reschedule hydrocodone-combination drugs:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a1a1d1b8-623c-42e2-961c-4efeafb197a2
Wow, Mo’ne Davis is really good, but our Nevada team is super talented. I watched every pitch last night and really enjoyed it. Good luck in the U.S. championship game on Saturday, Mountain Ridge!
Good visit to Carlsbad last week to talk about how we can work together to safely reopen WIPP. I was pleased to bring U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz down to meet with citizens, local leaders and WIPP employees to see first hand everyone's strong commitment to WIPP. I appreciate Secretary Moniz's commitment to ensure the recovery and reopening stay on track, and that Carlsbad remains a key player in our national security.
Thanks to The Nature Conservancy for the tour of the Living Shoreline project in Narragansett! It shows Rhode Island knows how to act on climate.
Rhode Islanders deserve a fair shot at owning an affordable home. We’re still feeling the effects of the downturn in the real estate market, but we can recover and restore opportunity for homeowners if the right support and incentives are in place. That’s why today in Pawtucket I was glad to hold a conversation with realtors, homeowners, and housing experts on what we can do to give Rhode Islanders that fair shot and strengthen an important part of our economy.
Pleased to see the Governor and Virginia universities working together to end campus sexual assault. Enough is enough. I fully expect the task force's recommendations will help us improve the Campus Accountability and Safety Act, a bipartisan effort here in the Senate to combat campus sexual assault. 1.usa.gov/1nfrrPB 
The scientists and researchers of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) gave me a fascinating tour yesterday. We make these investments in scientific research because we know that the breakthroughs of today lead to the success stories of tomorrow.
