Congratulations to the Green Bay Packers on their huge win this weekend against Minnesota. Next up, the 49ers. Go Packers!
Catch Tammy on MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell at 12:30 CST/1:30 EST.
U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, released the following statement regarding the announcement that former Senator Chuck Hagel will be nominated to fill the position of Secretary of Defense.  “The responsibility of Advice and Consent is an important Constitutional duty and I look forward to the confirmation process with my former Senate colleague Chuck Hagel. I will be requesting an opportunity to meet with him one-on-one to discuss many of the issues he will face as a key member of the President’s national security team. I have concerns based on positions he has taken and statements he has made on a variety of topics. Despite my reservations, I will not prejudge his nomination but will give him ample opportunity to explain himself and current thinking on the future state and scope of our military, relationships with our allies, including Israel, and how he believes we should address challenges to our national security like Iran. I also want to be reassured that if confirmed, a Secretary Hagel would aggressively defend the forward progress made by the Department of Defense in removing discrimination based on sexual orientation from regulations and daily life among our troops.”
This is a big day for Delaware - Big League World Series Softball Tourney is coming to The First State!
Hoosiers: @Senator Joe Donnelly has joined Instagram. Follow him today @SenDonnelly and look for some great photos of Joe as Indiana’s U.S. Senator.
NA
John Brennan has the qualifications and expertise to be the next CIA Director.    As a 25-year veteran of the CIA, he has longstanding knowledge of the operations of this critical agency and also the strength to see that it follows the law.  He has a long and distinguished career in intelligence and national security, and I believe he will be a strong and positive director.
I am pleased to support Chuck Hagel to be the next Secretary of Defense.   I served with Senator Hagel during his two terms in the U.S. Senate, and found him to be a knowledgeable and independent voice with a strong grasp of the pressing national security issues facing our country. In addition to his service in the Senate, Senator Hagel served with distinction as a sergeant in the U.S. Army where he earned two Purple Hearts.
http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/comments-of-senator-patrick-leahy-on-the-presidents-intention-to-nominate-former-senator-chuck-hagel-to-be-secretary-of-defense
There have been 130 school shootings since Columbine. How many is enough to finally act?
On newsstands this week, Claire and the other “Leading Ladies” of the Senate talked to People Magazine about the importance of bipartisanship and working together to help solve the country’s challenges.
Chuck Hagel will make an outstanding Secretary of Defense.  He is highly qualified and his record of service to this country as a decorated combat veteran, successful CEO, senator, and statesman is extraordinary.  Chuck is a man of uncommon independence and integrity.  Chuck Hagel's candor, judgment, and expertise will serve him well as our next Secretary of Defense.  I fully support his confirmation.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today on the nomination of former Nebraska Senator Chuck Hagel:   “Throughout his career Senator Chuck Hagel has proven to be a strong and independent leader. He valiantly defended our nation in Vietnam where he earned two Purple Hearts and in the senate served as a voice of pragmatism and principle.  I look forward to speaking with Senator Hagel and considering his nomination.”
The New York Times editorial board this weekend praised the work done by Senator Shaheen on this year's National Defense Authorization Act to help bring health care equity to women in the military. The Times wrote that Shaheen's Amendment would end a "longstanding act of discrimination against women who serve in America's military." To read more, click below.
Senator Shaheen has nominated 35 New Hampshire students to the United States Service Academies. Congratulations to all those nominated!
In case you missed it: The Santa Fe New Mexican's editorial on our efforts to restore real debate and accountability in the Senate. "This seems like common sense. A senator who wants to make a stand should have to stand up and tell the country why." Like and share this post if you agree!
