Today I spoke with some of North Dakota’s best and brightest female leaders about the presence of human trafficking in our state. To help train them about identifying and reporting potential occurences of human trafficking, I brought officials from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to speak about signs to keep an eye out for. Human trafficking is an unfortunately growing problem in North Dakota and it’s an issue I’ve been working on since last fall. Combatting these horrific crimes will truly take a community-wide effort, and I’m glad the women from the North Dakota Women’s Network Conference are willing to do their part to keep our communities and families safe. http://1.usa.gov/1wAJhCo
To commemorate Suicide Prevention Month, I joined folks in Bismarck at the Out of Darkness Community Walk to help raise awareness, prevent suicide and end the stigma of depression and other mental disorders. Suicide is the eighth leading cause of death in North Dakota and the second leading cause of death for individuals between 10 to 34 years old nationwide. Boosting our mental health services across the state, particularly in rural communities will help make sure more North Dakotans get support. Together we can work to better identify warning signs, understand how to discuss the subject and increase suicide awareness across the state. http://1.usa.gov/1yjSJyz
I am saddened by the death of my friend, longtime Delegate Vince Callahan. Over 40 years of service in the House of Delegates, Vince did so much to strengthen the quality of life and the variety of educational and cultural opportunities across Northern Virginia. His support and leadership were key to the growth of George Mason University, Northern Virginia Community College, and the Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts. When I had the honor of serving as Virginia Governor, I relied upon Vince for his sharp intellect and his bipartisan approach to fiscal responsibility. I was proud to call Vince Callahan a friend, and I extend my deepest personal condolences and respect to his wife, Yvonne, and their family.
