Making health care reform work for all of Wisconsin and expanding coverage to our most vulnerable citizens depends on Governor Walker doing the right thing.
I need your help to fix our broken immigration system. Will you join our grassroots organizing team and help us get this important reform through Congress and onto the President's desk? By joining our team, you'll be part of an ongoing discussion on immigration reform. You can send me feedback as we write the bill, be among the first to receive information and updates about progress, or just click one button to show your support.
NA
Shots from staff- family and friends of your Super Bowl CHAMPION Baltimore Ravens
As we give thanks for every soldier who returns home, we must honor their sacrifice with a commitment to provide every resource possible to help them recover from injuries incurred during their service. Caregivers are an essential part of the recovery of wounded veterans, and FMLA will continue to ensure caregivers of veterans have access to job-protected leave to support our heroes.
NA
See the agenda and save your seat at http://coons.senate.gov/opportunityafrica
More good news to share. Today, FEMA awarded the Indianapolis Fire Department with a $4 million grant to hire 30 new officers for the city. If new hires are veterans, the grant will pay an extra year’s worth of salary to keep them on staff. This is great news for all Hoosiers, and Joe and his staff will continue to spread good news like this to you online. Share this post and let’s keep your friends engaged as we continue with this economic recovery.
Making an impact: 47 faith groups joined together to make more than 10,000 calls to senators during the Interfaith Call-In Day to Prevent Gun Violence.
Read my statement on the Justice Department’s “Lawfulness of Lethal Operation” memo:
Way to go, Blaine! Your state is proud of how well you did!
20 years ago the Family and Medical Leave Act became law. Share how the FMLA has been helpful to you.
We need to get on with the job of toughening our embassy security. The Senate has acted (again). It's time for the House to step up.
We need a strong VAWA now. In CT over 1 million women have experienced sexual violence. Proud to vote to move the bill forward yesterday
FMLA, Medicare, Social Security. When it comes to social change, 20 years always turns controversy into common sense.
Claire and Senator Blunt are demanding answers from the EPA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ on failure to make progress on the St. Johns Bayou and New Madrid Floodway Project. The project would close what is currently a 1,500-foot gap in the Mississippi River, which would protect homes, infrastructure, and farmland from flooding.
This past Saturday, my Las Vegas office hosted a housing workshop for struggling Nevada homeowners. Homeowners needing assistance were able to meet HUD-approved counselors to discuss foreclosure prevention and sustainable housing options. For those interested in these resources keep a lookout for similar events in the future and you can always contact my office with any questions or concerns.
Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours on Thursday, February 7th from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at Shaheen's office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, Berlin and Claremont. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
"Ensuring equal rights for all members of our military has been an important priority of mine and I am encouraged to hear that the Pentagon will extend benefits to the spouses of gay and lesbian personnel. We have made important steps towards achieving equality in our armed forces, but there is much more work to be done." - JS
"As a mother of three, I know firsthand the importance of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA). Because of FMLA two decades of workers have had leave to care for new children, sick family members or themselves. Click “like” to wish FMLA a Happy 20th birthday!" - JS
We need your help picking a winter-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
NA
