First a government shutdown. Next a default? I ask Congressional Republicans to stop playing politics and start governing.
The shutdown is hurting Wisconsin families and businesses. Congress -- stop the political games and pass a budget.
The government shutdown is threatening Wisconsin families and economic recovery. Let's pass a responsible budget that invests in the middles class and creates jobs.
Unfortunately, due to the absence of a congressional agreement on appropriations for Fiscal Year 2014, my Senate office is unable to maintain normal operations.  If you have an emergency involving federal benefits, such as those provided by the Veterans Administration or Social Security, please email our office at casework@casey.senate.gov. If you would like to share information about how the federal government shutdown has impacted you, please email shutdown@casey.senate.gov.  I am sorry for any inconvenience this unfortunate situation may cause you. My staff and I look forward to continuing the excellent constituent service you expect when the federal government is fully funded.
Yesterday I introduced a bill with Senator Mark Warner that would guarantee federal workers who were furloughed because of the government shutdown would receive their full pay. Speaker Boehner can end the shutdown today by letting the House pass the Senate's clean bill with Republican and Democratic votes.  http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/warner-kaine-introduce-measure-to-restore-federal-workers-pay-at-the-end-of-the-government-shutdown-
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3V3HVdcoBs&feature=c4-overview&list=UU46QHVobf7FO-tWehsRoDog
Republicans are in such desperate straits that they have literally resorted to accusing me of not caring about kids with cancer. Shameful.  Funding for the National Institutes of Health is of critical importance for me. But I won't allow Republicans to cherry-pick which parts of government to open. We must open all of the government immediately.
Today, I wrote a letter to Speaker Boehner offering a new path forward to end the government shutdown. I believe this is a sensible, reasonable offer. Please read my letter here: http://democrats.senate.gov/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/lettertoboehnershutdown.pdf
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., said Virginians have a right to be “mad as hell” about the partial shutdown of the federal government and he laid blame for the political train wreck on a faction of Republicans in the House of Representatives.  “This is a small group in the House of Representatives – one branch of the Congress, one branch of our three branches of government – who are saying if they don’t get what they want, they will shut down the government,” Warner told reporters in a conference call this afternoon. “And they have.”  - See more at: http://blogs.roanoke.com/politics/2013/10/01/warner-virginians-have-right-to-be-mad-as-hell-over-shutdown/#sthash.MCKxmnH9.dpuf
