We must work to reform the FISA court -- and the two pieces of legislation I introduced last year would do just that. Arbitrary governmental invasion of privacy was a huge part of why a few gentlemen got together to rebel and write the Declaration of Independence. It was also because secret courts, operating in secret, was an anathema to them and I submit should be an anathema to us today.  The FISA court should no longer be a court that makes secret law through secret opinions in secret proceedings.   Take two minutes to watch this video, and share: http://j.mp/1gPWfGp
We love this photo of the Yale Law Journal from 1972-73. Like it if you can spot Senator Blumenthal!
In 3 days we will mark the passage of the Affordable Care Act, it has already given millions of Americans important consumer protections and access to quality, affordable healthcare.
Everyone deserves coverage at a reasonable cost, and with more than 15 choices you can find a plan that fits your needs.  Visit http://www.choosehealthde.com/ or an enrollment event near you before March 31!
I’m preparing to compete in my 32nd Caesar Rodney Half Marathon this weekend and I plan to keep running until I can’t. Here are some tips if you’re interested in joining me in this life-long passion of running.
With less than 10 days to get covered before the deadline, I encourage any uninsured Delawareans to stop by one of seven locations in New Castle and Kent Counties to have trained health guides help find the best plan and potential tax breaks for you. And with more enrollment events across Delaware added every day, go to http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance/Calendar#special-events to find one near you.
#GoodNews: Vietnam veteran James Stemmler of Michigan City was awarded the national Joseph A. Beirne Community Services Award for his work with the United Way and the labor community in La Porte County.
Share this #GoodNews: A new homeless veterans shelter, The Journey Home, opened in Winchester yesterday. The first veterans will begin moving in next week. Find out more about the facility here http://www.thejourneyhomeindiana.org/.
#ICYMI, Senator Donnelly announced on Monday that his office will host a Veterans History Project event on Wednesday, March 26 at the Twilight Towers in Tell City. The Veterans History Project is an effort by the Library of Congress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the military by recording their personal narratives. Learn more about how you or someone you know can participate here.
Ran into Stephen Curry during the Bay Area Council meeting at  Warriors HQ in Oakland. Great win last night vs. Milwaukee. Let's go Warriors!
Can you guess where this is?
NM's clean energy economy on the move! (On I-25 south of Socorro)
The New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball team had a great season. Way to make us proud!
The effects of North Dakota’s housing shortage can be felt by folks all across the state. Now, 15 housing authorities in North Dakota will receive awards from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development so they can begin to address this issue. 
Glad to spend time at CHS HQ in Inver Grove Heights to talk with leadership and employees about issues impacting our region.  I ran into my friend, Jon Erickson from Minot, who sits on their Board.
Answered questions from folks in Grand Forks tonight at my town hall. Great to see so many people there and thank you to those of you who came out for it.
I recently returned from a Civil Rights Pilgrimage led by Rep. John Lewis to Mississippi and Alabama to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the 1964 Freedom Summer in Mississippi. Nearly 20 members of Congress took part in the annual event this year to learn about the passionate work done by local activists and college students to help people register to vote despite enormous barriers in their way. Take a moment to read more about my trip here:
Next week, my state staff will be hosting four informational sessions for seniors across West Virginia. This is a great opportunity for you, your family, community leaders and caregivers to ask about important services and programs that foster independence, sustain health and wellness and provide aid in times of need. The sessions will be hosted in Beckley, Ranson, Moundsville and Weston.   For more details, please visit my website.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=c278740a-1568-4d8f-bb51-33c22b80d8b2
Must read editorial in today's Charleston Daily Mail about the importance of coming together as a community to rebuild and recover from January's chemical leak.   http://bit.ly/1hOfsGt 
Great story in the Elkins Inter Mountain today about John Logar of Tucker County, a very courageous, skilled and determined West Virginian who achieved first place in the 1,000 mile Iditarod Trail foot race. Congratulations on your outstanding performance and thank you for your wonderful representation of our state.  http://bit.ly/1jbI16c
I joined Brigadier General John Adams (U.S. Army, Retired), Scott Paul, President of the Alliance for American Manufacturing (AAM), and local business leaders yesterday for a summit on manufacturing, national security, and job creation.  American economic power and military might depends on a strong domestic manufacturing foundation. Rhode Island is poised to play an increasingly important role in that manufacturing base, and I want to help accelerate manufacturing job growth in the Ocean State and attract more manufacturing jobs and investment to Rhode Island.  I am proud of Rhode Island’s manufacturing heritage and the nearly $4 billion it adds to our economy every year. Our state is now home to 1,765 manufacturers employing 59,092 workers, and we need to work hard to ensure those numbers continue to rise.  You can watch video from a portion of yesterday’s event online: http://m.ustream.tv/channel/aam-town-halls
Today, the Battle Born state is celebrating the day that Congress passed - and President Abraham Lincoln signed - legislation paving the way for Nevada to become the 36th state. Nevada’s sesquicentennial is a big deal, as evidenced by the size of our celebration cake. #NV150
It's Maple Weekend - get out & enjoy that delicious #NYmaple at a tasting, tour or pancake breakfast near you: http://www.mapleweekend.com/
Thanks to Bill Keller & #sourceconf. Confident we're on the cusp of passing a media shield bill this year
Rhode Island has a tradition of making some of the best boats in the world.  Now, that expertise has led to exciting new ways of using composite materials for everything from architecture to aerospace.  I was happy to join the University of Rhode Island College of Engineering and innovative Rhode Island composites businesses today to discuss their exciting work and opportunities for growth.
Senator John Hoeven (R-ND) and I wrote the President today because we are deeply concerned with the events unfolding in Ukraine and Crimea that have been instigated and supported by Russia.  President Vladimir Putin’s aggressive actions and intransigence, and his continued dismissal of U.S. and European Union warnings, is of particular concern.    The sanctions that have been implemented so far are good and appropriate; however, we believe that energy security is a critical component to achieving a successful outcome in the region.  
