Today, women and their families watched Senate Republicans vote against them by giving corporate CEOs the power to deny coverage for birth control and other critical health care.   Senate Democrats will continue to stand up for a simple principle – that personal medical decisions should be made by women and their families, not by politicians, not by judges and not by their bosses. #NotMyBossBusiness
Just put the pieces together yourself. Congress must fix #HobbyLobby and make health care #NotMyBossBusiness
Today’s General Motors ad on “The Key To Safety” wasn’t about safety, it was brand resuscitation. So here are some actual keys to safety: http://j.mp/1wvYJhH
Concealment can kill – and corporate officers should be held accountable for it. That’s why today, I’m introducing the Hide No Harm Act along with Senator Casey. Unfortunately, prison time may be the only deterrent to misconduct that a corporate officer understands. This bill would make it a crime for a company to knowingly conceal the fact that a product poses a danger to consumers or workers, and corporate officers would face criminal charges of up to five years in prison for deliberate concealment.   Hiding harm can be horrifically costly: http://j.mp/1qfIDv3
Today, I chaired a Senate Judiciary hearing on the Women’s Health Protection Act and heard from doctors, state legislators, and women’s health experts on the intricacies of the bill. The Women's Health Protection Act would protect a woman's right to safe and legal abortion by stopping restrictive regulations and laws—such as those in place in states including Texas and Wisconsin—that impose burdensome requirements on access to reproductive health services.   This bill is about stopping laws that purport to be about health, when really they interfere with the doctor-patient relationship and have the very practical effect of harming women and their constitutionally protected rights. The goal is to stop politicians from playing doctor.  Share this if you agree, and read more here: http://j.mp/1sZZ1ND
Frustrated by GOP blockage of the #HobbyLobby fix bill to restore women’s rights.  Religious protections are meant for people and not corporations.  We cannot allow partisan gridlock to jeopardize the health of millions of women across the country. Congress has an opportunity to restore the rights and protections taken away from American women by the Supreme Court. We have a responsibility to act. We should not be complicit in jeopardizing the health of American women while opening the door for private companies that are looking for a reason not to comply with the law. The #ACA guarantees the majority of women coverage for comprehensive preventive health services, including contraception. Imposing additional financial burdens on a woman because the company she works for claims to hold certain beliefs contrary to the law sets a dangerous precedent.
***Today- 3PM***  The Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife, will hold a legislative hearing to consider the following items:  - S. 571, Great Lakes Water Protection Act  - S. 1153, Invasive Fish and Wildlife Prevention Act  - S. 1175, Infrastructure Facilitation and Habitat Conservation Act of 2013  - S. 1202, SAFE Act  - S. 1232, Great Lakes Ecological and Economic Protection Act of 2013  - H.R. 1300, To amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volunteer programs and community partnerships for the benefit of national wildlife refuges, and for other purposes.  - S. 1381, Big Cats and Public Safety Protection Act  - S. 1650, A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to exempt certain Alaska Native articles from prohibitions against sale of items containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes.  - S. 2225, Smart Water Resource Management Conservation and Efficiency Act of 2014  - S. 2530, A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the importation or exportation of mussels of certain genus, and for other purposes.  - S. 2560, United States Fish and Wildlife Service Resource Protection Act   
Hard-working women and men shouldn’t have to worry that their health and well-being depends on the opinions of their bosses. I strongly believe that medical decisions related to contraception—like all medical decisions—strictly belong between the patient and his or her doctor. http://1.usa.gov/1nKzNCg
Today I met with Robert McDonald, nominee to be Secretary to the Department of Veterans Affairs, and pressed him for answers on the challenges that veterans are facing across Pennsylvania.   http://www.casey.senate.gov/newsroom/releases/casey-meets-with-new-va-nominee-and-presses-for-answers-on-veterans-issues-in-pa-
Senate Republicans have blocked a bill cosponsored by Sen. Coons to prevent employers from denying women access to birth control. The bill would have reversed last month's controversial Supreme Court decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby.
I believe women have a right to know if their bosses are going to pick and choose what goes into their medicine cabinets. I hope the Senate will consider a bill which would make sure women are notified about a company’s decision to deny preventative care #NotMyBossBusiness
“When you have challenges, we want you to know you have somebody to talk to, somebody you feel comfortable with, that it won’t affect your career, that you can get a way maybe out of the darkness that you feel and still have an extraordinary career in the Guard, or in the Reserve, or in the Active Duty.” –Joe during his keynote address at the Reserve Officers Association’s “Meeting the Mental Health Needs of Military and Veterans: Challenges & Solutions” seminar today.
Thank you to Hoosiers Work for Health for their ongoing work to support new jobs and technology in the Hoosier health community.
Thanks to Dan Dumbacher, Deputy Associate Administrator of NASA’s Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate, and incoming Professor at the Purdue University School of Aeronautics and Astronautics, for testifying today before a Senate committee hearing on assured U.S. access to space.
Disappointed a minority of senators blocked a bill to preserve employee health care choices.
I remain focused on protecting a woman’s right to make her own health care choices. Health care decisions should be made by women and their doctors. Employers should not interfere.
Californians are ahead of the curve when it comes to using electric vehicles.
Today at approximately 4:30 p.m. ET/ 2:30 p.m. MT I will deliver a speech on the Senate floor about the current humanitarian crisis along our nation's southern border. I hope you'll tune in. Stream live here:  
Great to work with NO H8 Campaign's Adam Bouska for #NOH8onTheHill in support of marriage equality.
Today at a Senate Indian Affairs hearing, I questioned top Administration officials about the implementation of the Land Buy-Back Program that was designed to help tribes consolidate their landholdings and allow for more beneficial uses of their land. Fractionated land ownership causes many difficulties for North Dakota tribes from law enforcement to economic development. It’s important the Department of Interior works closely with North Dakota tribes and listens to their concerns as they move forward with the implementation of this program. http://1.usa.gov/1midyP3
Today I met with the Commander of the Grand Forks Air Force Base to discuss the best strategies to complete the approval process for the Grand Sky Business Park. I will keep working with the Grand Forks Air Force Base and the defense community to make sure a sustainable plan is implemented that capitalizes on the economic opportunities Grand Sky will offer for our state. http://1.usa.gov/Wi5yZs
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe will receive more than $250,000 in federal funds from AmeriCorps to provide GED tutoring and testing services through Sitting Bull College in Fort Yates. While more than 75% of non-Native students graduate from high school, only around 50% of Native American students graduate from high school. Standing up for Native children should be an issue we can all agree on – and that includes making sure Native kids get the quality education they deserve – just as my bipartisan Commission on Native Children bill aims to do. These funds provide critical opportunities for many Native Americans to further their education in ways they once thought unlikely. 
Like and Share if you agree.
It’s extremely disappointing that a minority of Senators kept us from being able to consider legislation today that would protect women’s right to health care, including contraception, from interference by their employers – interference deemed fair game by the Supreme Court ‘s decision in the #HobbyLobby case. Contraception is an important preventive health service, not only for women, but also for our society. I do not believe the Court should be in the business of singling out one sincerely held religious belief over others, or saying employers can deny coverage of certain health services, but not others. That’s why it’s clear this decision was less about religious freedom, and more about a broad-based effort to deny women access to contraception. I will continue to do everything I can to reverse this attack on women’s health care rights.
ICMYI: Yesterday, I delivered a floor speech on legislation to fix the #HobbyLobby decision. Watch here: 
I voted for the Senate Hobby Lobby fix that would restore women’s health care freedom.   Sadly, Republicans think bosses can make personal choices for you.
NA
What better way to learn about the U.S. Senate than from the Senator herself! Yesterday, Claire spoke to all the Congressional Interns at a Q&A session, and today she sat down with interns from her D.C. and state offices (via Skype) to chat about her career and Congressional work. Thanks to all our interns for their hard work.
Choosing whether or not to use contraception is a medical choice that belongs between a woman and her doctor.
I am proud to announce that Charles Town, West Virginia will receive  funding for the Charles Town Washington Heritage Arts & Culture District. Charles Town and the entire Eastern Panhandle is such a beautiful place to live and visit, rich with a unique heritage, a robust artistic community and a fascinating history that is so closely intertwined with the founding of our country. Charles Town is already a gateway for many tourists and visitors, and that’s why it is important that we not only preserve the city’s one-of-a-kind heritage, but we must also do all we can to develop and grow its distinct culture. I am pleased that the NEA has agreed to partner with the Charles Town community to establish the Washington Heritage Arts and Culture District. This project will truly help this already vibrant community flourish and it will attract businesses, residents and visitors to Jefferson County.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fdba7d66-b736-4950-b42b-30952cd3fd6c 
Today, I voted in support of overturning the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby decision that ruled for-profit companies can opt out of providing contraceptives to their employees because of religious beliefs. As Governor and U.S. Senator, I have always fought to protect the sincerely-held religious views of non-profit organizations, like soup kitchens, colleges, hospitals and similar non-profit organizations. However, for-profit corporations do not have the same legal privileges as non-profits, and therefore they should not have the same protections as non-profits recognized by law as being a religious organization. This legislation strikes a balance between allowing non-profit organizations to hold onto their religious views while ensuring that Americans have access to safe, affordable and reliable preventative health benefits.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=136b951e-5a44-4800-a76b-414c6b65d40b
We are going to vote again on this issue before the year is out. #NotMyBossBusiness 
“Women, not their employers, should be in charge of decisions about their health care, and I’m disappointed that we couldn’t pass legislation today that would’ve strengthened protections of this right. The ‘Not My Boss’ Business Act’ was common sense legislation that would have kept employers out of the health care decisions of their employees and I’ll continue to fight for its passage because women should be able to make their own health care decisions without employer interference.”  -JS  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/WbmOiN 
Senator Shaheen spoke on the senate floor this morning to call for passage of the Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act, also known as the “Not My Boss’ Business Act.” The legislation, introduced in response to the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby Stores decision, would make sure that no employer who provides group health insurance coverage to its employees can deny specific health benefits, including contraception coverage, to employees or their dependents.  Watch here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-itQOkW073c 
Passing a VA reform bill is taking far too long and that’s because some members are balking at the cost of providing veterans with quality health care. But we just shipped about 800 troops to Iraq and no one said a word about cost. Providing for veterans when they return from harm’s way IS a cost of war. http://bit.ly/UaKemN
Today we had a critical opportunity to restore women's access to contraceptive health care, and to affirm that women's personal health decisions ought to be between a woman and her doctor -- without her employer's interference. Yet Republicans chose to protect corporate interests over women's rights to insurance coverage for legally guaranteed health care services.   New Mexicans know that a corporate CEO has no place dictating what health and family planning choices are best for a woman and her family. The Not My Boss's Business Act, which I cosponsored and supported today, deserves debate -- it's an opportunity to reverse the misguided Supreme Court decision in Hobby Lobby and stand up for the rights of women and families. This issue isn't over -- I will continue to fight to ensure women in New Mexico and around the country can access the important health care and preventive services guaranteed to them by federal law.
Great news for jobs and energy in RI: the Quonset Business Park could become a major regional hub for wind turbine assembly and staging. I've been working for years with my colleagues in the Congressional delegation and state leaders to make sure Quonset was prepared to be a leader in wind energy manufacturing and staging, and I'm glad to see our work is paying off. Developments like this will ensure that our Ocean State is at the forefront of the clean energy economy and could be a major source of middle class jobs for the future. bit.ly/1rr125h
Virginia women have a right to make their own decisions about contraception without their bosses interfering. I’m proud to have cosponsored and voted today in support of legislation to undo the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby decision and restore the right of women to access basic health care. Individuals clearly deserve to have constitutional protection for their religious beliefs, but for-profit corporate employers should have no role in a woman’s decisions about her own healthcare.
The bipartisan Virginia delegation is working together to urge the Air Force to consider Joint Base Langley-Eustis for new Air Force Installation and Mission Support Center. We’re more connected to the military than any other state, and we believe the existing infrastructure, military-friendly environment, and close proximity to major commands and other Service installations, make Hampton Roads an ideal location for this headquarters 1.usa.gov/1qfE7wr
I can't believe we're still debating if employers can deny women access to birth control in 2014. Watch my floor speech calling on the Senate to vote for the #NotMyBossBusiness bill today to protect women's access to basic health care coverage
