It’s pretty simple: you deserve to know if the food you’re buying is genetically engineered.   Yesterday, I was pleased to meet with talented chefs and food activists Tom Colicchio, Jose Andres, Michel Nischan, and Andrea Reusing to discuss efforts in Congress to require mandatory GMO labeling of foods. Since Connecticut became one of three states to require GMO labeling, I’ve co-sponsored a bill that would do the same on a federal level. I hope my colleagues will soon show their support as well: http://j.mp/1vjCVUU
Proud to #StandWithPeggy. Families shouldn't have to choose between a healthy pregnancy and paying the bills.
Today, 835AM ET, I will be live on C-SPAN Washington Journal discussing #executiveaction on #immigration and the upcoming guidance from the The United States Department of Justice regarding #racialprofiling in the wake of the #MichaelBrown grand jury decision.
Tomorrow- 12/3/14 930AM-  I will be chairing a Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs hearing entitled Evaluating the Impact of the '#UmbrellaMovement'  Last month Marco Rubio and I were among the original cosponsors of the S. 2922, the #HongKong Human Rights and #Democracy Act, a bipartisan bill that would renew the United States’ commitment to Hong Kong’s freedom and democracy. In addition, Cardin and Rubio sent a letter to President #Obama, prior to his trip to Asia, urging that he “make human rights and the need for political reform in China a key element of [his] discussions with President Xi.”  http://goo.gl/yH0mvM
Very good piece from Snap Judgment on Chiune Sugihara, a Japanese diplomat who saved thousands of Jews from near certain death during the Second World War.
Women make up nearly half of the workforce, and in Pennsylvania, approximately 96,000 women in the workforce give birth each year. Too many women still face discrimination in the workplace during pregnancy as some employers continue to refuse to provide reasonable accommodations. No woman should be forced out of a job because she is pregnant. Every employer should work to provide accommodations that will allow women to keep working safely through their pregnancies.
How #SCOTUS rules in Young v. UPS will impact working women nationwide. #StandWithPeggy and all pregnant workers.
Enjoyed a thoughtful discussion on government and politics with Archbishop Carroll High School students this morning.
Hoosiers in Central Indiana: Don’t forget about the Veterans History Project event Joe’s office is hosting tomorrow in Danville at the Hendricks County Senior Services Senior Center from 1:30-3:30 PM. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in interviewing a veteran are also welcome to attend. Download the event flyer at the link below for more information.
There’s a big New Mexico Lobos and New Mexico NM State Aggies game tonight. Who are you rooting for?
We are closer than ever to making historic gains in protecting some of New Mexico's most treasured landscapes. From designating the Columbine-Hondo as wilderness, increasing public access to the Valles Caldera, and establishing the Manhattan National Historical Park, to streamlining the oil and gas drilling permit process, these provisions will have a significant impact on growing our economy. Thanks to years of effort and support from the local communities, our state will have new destinations for families and visitors to enjoy.
Met with Close Up students from Wahpeton and Bismarck today. I always enjoy meeting with the future leaders of North Dakota, and am hopeful they will bring to the table the skills necessary to move our state forward.
Discussed federal public transportation programs with Tom Wagner from Pembina today. It’s critical that we continue to discuss various transportation programs that can alleviate some of the stress on our infrastructure system.
Spoke with folks from the National Rural Housing Coalition today. NRHC is doing a great job in communities around the country to advocate for better housing for low-income rural families. I look forward to working with the NRHC as I continue to try to find solutions to North Dakota’s unique housing shortage.
Today I was proud to help represent North Dakota’s tribes at the White House Tribal Nations Conference. When the President and First Lady visited Standing Rock in June, I pressed the President about the dire need to increase resources and support for Native children. Just six months after that visit, we’re seeing action as today a new federal effort was announced to provide greater opportunities to Native youth. Since my time as North Dakota’s Attorney General, I’ve been pushing for programs that give our kids living in Indian Country a fighting chance, and I didn’t quit when I got to the Senate – the first bill I introduced would create a national Commission on Native Children to find ways to solve challenges that follow them in the long-term. I’ll continue to pave a brighter path for Native kids, not just because I’ve heard the stories and seen the faces – but because we have a civic and moral responsibility to take care of our kids. http://1.usa.gov/1w2HQ3B
After visiting Standing Rock in June and meeting with Native American youth at Cannon Ball Elementary, the Administration is taking important steps to help improve the education system, housing, mental health care and more for Native American children and families – which I’ve long called for. I’ve been fighting for our Native American families and communities since I was North Dakota’s Attorney General in the 1990s because it is not only our trust and treaty responsibility, but also our moral responsibility to make sure the next generation of Native American children have more support and a better chance to succeed.
RSVP today for conference focused on finding ways to improve the transportation system for agriculture products in the Northern Plains. I will join NDSU’s Center for Agriculture Policy and Trade Studies and Senator Hoeven to bring together key federal, state and local leaders, as well as BNSF and Canadian Pacific railways. Click here to register: http://www.ag.ndsu.edu/capts/events
You cannot think of Fargo without thinking of Mayor Dennis Walaker. A true champion of the people, he was the gentle giant whose warm heart knew no bounds, and enveloped us all.  It was with this invincible spirit that he fought for the people of Fargo – through torrents of flood and back, he led the city in the true North Dakota spirit of unity. Everybody counted, and everybody mattered. I am proud to have called him my friend, and to have seen firsthand how he battled for those less fortunate – from the families who needed affordable housing to numerous flood fights on behalf of the city he called home. Mayor Walaker will always remain a hero of Fargo, and forever in our hearts.
Today, I met with founder and President of the Veteran Artist Program, BR McDonald, to view the art exhibit I am sponsoring in the Capitol and discuss ways the program supports veteran artists. The art exhibit features Virginia-based artists from Arlington, Norfolk, Virginia Beach and Barboursville. Take a look at some of the art pieces here:
TONIGHT I'm joining MoveOn.org for a video roundtable on key issues. I'll be talking about the need for diplomacy with Iran and I'll be joined by leaders from Demos, United We Dream and ColorOfChange.org who'll address topics like immigration, the budget, and Ferguson.   Click here to sign up, submit a question, and join us at 8 pm ET tonight: http://bit.ly/1rV998K
Claire didn't mince words yesterday when telling league representatives from the four major professional sports they must do a better job protecting victims of domestic violence and holding abusers accountable saying, "with great power and influence comes great responsibility… professional sports must do a better job of setting an example to young people and to victims of domestic violence."
With the U.S. Supreme Court today hearing oral arguments in a pregnancy discrimination case of Peggy Young v. UPS, I am calling on Congress to better protect working pregnant women across the United States.  Today, the Court heard the case of Peggy Young, a United Parcel Service (UPS) package driver who was forced off the job while she was pregnant, when she requested a temporary light-duty position.  The case could determine whether and when the landmark Pregnancy Discrimination Act requires an employer to make reasonable accommodations for a pregnant worker out of a medical need.  I am a cosponsor of the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (S. 942), which would strengthen the rights of pregnant workers to request accommodations during their pregnancy without fear of retribution.  The bill’s goal is to ensure employers make reasonable accommodations to help women stay on the job if they choose to work while pregnant.  Regardless of the outcome of the Supreme Court’s decision, most Americans agree that a woman shouldn’t have to choose between her job and her pregnancy.  Congress should work together and pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act to sensibly update the law and ensure all women have the opportunity to work during pregnancy.  Adopting these types of reasonable accommodations to enable pregnant women to stay on the job makes good sense for businesses, families, and our economy.  Our nation’s economic health and physical health are strengthened by smart, family-friendly policies that meet the needs of working mothers.
The Blackstone Valley is a national treasure that deserves to be preserved.  For years, I have led the effort to have the area recognized as a national historical park.  Today I'm happy to share some news that I've successfully attached two key public lands initiatives for Rhode Island to the National Defense Authorization Act, which should be approved by both houses of Congress by next week.  The bill includes my Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park Establishment Act to establish a new unit of the National Park System along the John H. Chafee Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor.    The Blackstone River Valley is the birthplace of the American Industrial Revolution and includes thousands of acres of beautiful, undeveloped land, and waterways that are home to diverse wildlife, cultural sites, and numerous recreational opportunities for Rhode Islanders.  Today we took an important step toward permanently preserving these nationally significant sites for future generations.
Thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes
Looking forward to answering as many questions as I can this morning with Mark Weiner & Syracuse.com readers:
“A woman should never have to face a choice between her job and pregnancy. Women are a crucial part of our workforce, and they have every right to receive reasonable workplace accommodations to continue a healthy pregnancy while providing for their families and contributing to the economy.”  -JS  As the Supreme Court hears oral arguments in Peggy Young v. UPS, a pregnancy discrimination case, Senators Shaheen and Casey called on the Court to protect working pregnant women across the United States. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1yOrOJt
“The Department of Housing and Urban Development will gain an outstanding, well-qualified Deputy Secretary in Nani Coloretti. This is a proud moment for Hawai‘i and the Filipino-American community.  As a native of Kapahulu and the highest-ranking Filipino-American in the Obama Administration, Nani not only brings strong leadership experience, but the ability to inspire the next generation of Filipino-American leaders in Hawai‘i and across the country. I am proud to call Nani a friend, and I look forward to continuing to work with her in her new role.” - BES
The best food doesn’t come from a lab, it comes from the land.  American consumers deserve to know what’s in the food they eat. #NoGMO
