Tune in now for a live stream of the Group of 8's introduction of our bill to fix our broken immigration system. This bill secures our border and provides a path to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented people living here.
“We won’t be able to stop every tragedy, but we absolutely can save lives.”  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) issued the following statement after the Senate failed to pass amendments to the Safe Communities, Safe Schools Act of 2013 (S. 649).  “The safety of our children and communities should never be put at risk by partisan gridlock. It is outrageous that the Senate could not come together on common sense gun safety legislation despite public support for so many of these measures.  I support universal background checks for all firearms buyers but I was willing to accept a bipartisan compromise that at least moved us in the right direction.  Ninety percent of Americans – Democrats, Republicans, NRA members and others – support some kind of expanded background checks, yet the Senate fell short of the supermajority needed to approve a bipartisan compromise.    “I am sympathetic to the interests of legitimate hunters and collectors, but we cannot allow political fear to take hold when almost 3,500 individuals have lost their lives to gun violence in the U.S. just since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary. We should reinstate the Federal ban on military style assault weapons. We should prohibit high-capacity ammunition magazines, clips and other mechanisms that hold more than 10 rounds at a time. We also must take steps together to strengthen our mental health system, make our schools safer, crack down on gun traffickers, straw purchasers, and reduce the glorification of violence. As lawmakers, we cannot stand idle after each tragedy, failing to take action. We know that we won’t be able to stop every tragedy, but we absolutely can save lives.”  ###
If you have any details, tips, anything at all that could help investigators in the Boston bombings, please visit the Boston Marathon Tips website below. You can also call 1-800-CALL-FBI (1-800-225-5324), prompt #3, with any information. No detail is too small. More information, including photos/video of current suspects, can be found on the FBI's website here: http://www.fbi.gov/news/updates-on-investigation-into-multiple-explosions-in-boston/updates-on-investigation-into-multiple-explosions-in-boston.
U.S. Senator Chris Coons, Congressman John Carney and I are hosting a job fair in Sussex County in less than 2 weeks. It's on Tuesday, April 30, at the Rehoboth Beach Convention Center. Please SHARE if you or someone you know is looking for work to help spread the word!
When a military family is asked to move as part of their service to our country, the government should be doing everything possible to make that transition seamless. This tax credit would reduce one of the burdens military families face when they move. Congress should pass it right away.
NA
I was very disappointed that the Senate today chose to reject sensible gun legislation to keep our children and communities safe from violent criminals and terrorists.  Like many Americans, after Sandy Hook, I was horrified by how those children died - shot at close range with a high-powered rifle with each child hit as many as 11 times. I was also haunted by what could have happened if the killer had more time - he was prepared to slaughter hundreds of children. As members of the U.S Senate, we must ask: have I done enough to reduce the likelihood that this never happens again? We must do more to protect our kids.   I am a strong defender of the Second Amendment.  Pennsylvania has a rich tradition of hunting and I believe strongly that people should be able have guns for protection, sporting and collection.  But, I also believe we need sensible gun legislation that will help to prevent these tragedies.  This should not be the end of the road.  We owe it to our children to redouble our efforts to do everything in our power to prevent another tragedy.
NA
Yesterday, Joe met Indianapolis veteran Jonathan Winchester after he participated in the Wounded Warrior Soldier Ride around Washington. For the last seven years, the Wounded Warrior cycling event has helped raise awareness of our country’s wounded warriors who every day battle physical and emotional damages from their service. Share this photo with your friends and let’s continue to support our nation’s heroes in the Hoosier State.
The immigration reform bill released yesterday is a start for debate, and I look forward to reviewing it in its entirety. I applaud my colleagues in the Senate who worked together to address this critical issue. New Mexicans are eager for a solution, DREAM Act students deserve a solution, and our economy requires a solution.
I'm disappointed that pragmatic public safety measures that the vast majority of Americans-including gun owners-embrace, failed to move forward. It is a strong indicator that we need filibuster reform when there's this big of a disconnect between what our constituents support and what we are able to produce. Making improvements to our background check system and cracking down on illegal gun trafficking are common-sense ways to prevent violence without punishing law abiding gun owners.  We owe it to the American people to take real action to reduce gun violence in our communities.
This additional funding provides momentum to continue our push to provide long-term flood protection in North Dakota.
The bipartisan ‘Gang of 8,’ which I am a member, today outlined the elements of the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act of 2013 during a press conference attended by an unprecedented coalition of labor, business, religious and Latino leaders, DREAMers and national and community organizations who want common-sense immigration reform.  
 
 Learn more about the bill here: www.menendez.senate.gov/CIR
WATCH LIVE at 2:30: Join me and the Gang of 8 as we discuss bipartisan immigration reform! http://bit.ly/10243rX
I am disappointed in the failure of the Senate to pass common sense gun safety reforms – including expanded background checks. 
 
 You can read my statement in the photo below. I also spoke on the Senate floor about where I stand yesterday, and you can watch the full video here: http://1.usa.gov/12pzh1t
I saw cowardice on the Senate floor today, but I have faith that public opinion is moving in only one direction, and that this tide of support for gun violence reform will ultimately prevail. For the last 4 months, the American public has grieved with Newtown families. Americans have felt pain, anger, and heartache as they watched the massacre unfold on December 14.   Just like the Newtown families, I will fight with every ounce of my being, every minute of every day, to get gun violence legislation over the finish line.  This fight is just beginning for me, and I know that we will win it.
Yesterday, Claire had the honor of delivering the keynote address at the Service Women’s Action Network’s (SWAN) Summit on Military Sexual Assault. Claire touched on her experiences working as a young assistant district attorney in Kansas City and former Jackson County prosecutor in assisting sexual assault survivors. She vowed to continue her fight for justice for service women saying, “If you have an enemy you're dealing with on the outside, you should never have an enemy you're dealing with in your unit.” Read more about her speech here: http://bit.ly/13ooBTn
Senator Manchin and Senator Pat Toomey met with former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly to discuss the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act.
Today a parent of one of the Newtown victims, whose picture hangs in our office, stopped in to our office to thank Senator Manchin.
Although I am disappointed in the outcome of yesterday's vote for a commonsense measure to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill while protecting our Second Amendment rights, this is not the end of the debate.  I thank Senator Pat Toomey, along with Senators Mark Kirk and Chuck Schumer, for their support on working toward a balanced approach to fix our culture of mass violence.   Moving forward, I am hopeful that my colleagues and I can work together as we remember all the families who have suffered from senseless acts of violence across America. If we muster just one ounce of the courage these families have shown, then we, as a legislative body, can truly make a difference.
Proud to receive the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA)'s 2013 Colonel Arthur T. Marix Award for protecting service members, veterans, and their families from rising health care costs by preventing a dramatic increase in certain prescription drug copayments for TRICARE beneficiaries.
Please help by sharing this critical information:
I’ve spoken with the president. He and I agree that the best way to keep working towards passing a background check bill is to hit a pause and freeze the background check bill where it is. I voted against the original bill as a strategic move to retain the ability to bring the vote up again soon.
Was proud to stand with leaders from business, labor, faith community, Ag, tech, & Dreamers to announce immigration bill today.
 
 For those who want to know more about comprehensive immigration reform, I’ll be answering your questions on Twitter tonight around 6:30. Use #AskSchumer
Bipartisan Group To Be Joined By Immigration Reform Advocates and Leaders from Business, Labor, High-Tech, Farm & Faith Communities TODAY, April 18, 2013 at 2:30 PM  Watch Live here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjS0HL6MC5Q
Please help share this critical information from the FBI on the investigation in the Boston Marathon bombing. If you have visual images, videos or details regarding the explosions, submit them to the FBI at the link below. No detail is too small.
Senator Shaheen re-introduced bipartisan legislation today with Senator Rob Portman to promote energy efficiency across the United States. Their bill is a deficit-neutral plan that would strengthen the economy, save money for businesses and consumers, and protect the environment. It is a win-win-win. 
 
 “We don’t often get legislation that brings Republicans, Democrats, business, labor and environmental leaders together, but with this bill we have done that,” Senator Shaheen said. “Energy efficiency is the fastest, most cost-efficient way to tackle our energy needs and keep our economy competitive all while creating needed and sustainable jobs. Passing this bill would be a clear and quick win for the economy, taxpayers and the environment.” 
 
 Read more: http://1.usa.gov/XTnyZq
We have an extraordinary opportunity to pass a long-term, comprehensive solution to fix our broken immigration system. I am very encouraged by the 'Gang of Eight's' proposal to secure our borders, bring undocumented individuals from the shadows and enhance our visa and employment verification systems. The law on the books today does not work and a piecemeal approach to reform will not result in the overhaul we need. There is much work ahead, but now is the time to work together to take meaningful action. America loses if we do nothing.
The bipartisan Manchin-Toomey agreement would have expanded criminal background checks to reduce gun violence while upholding the Second Amendment rights of law abiding citizens. Fifty-four United States senators voted in agreement with 90 percent of the American people that expanding background checks is a reasonable step to take. Unfortunately, however, you need more than 60 votes in the Senate in order to overcome the filibuster of virtually everything. I support our right to bear arms, but I believe Congress can take commonsense steps to reduce the epidemic of gun violence and tragic mass murders. I also supported legislation today to prevent gun trafficking, stop illegal gun sales and limit the availability of high capacity magazines, which have been involved in recent mass shootings including Virginia Tech, Tucson, Aurora, Oak Creek and Sandy Hook Elementary School. Enacting these measures would help reduce violent gun crimes while upholding the traditions of sportsmen and responsible gun owners in New Mexico and around the nation.
Although we applaud the recent decision to reduce likely furlough days from 22 to 14 days, thousands of Virginians still face a significant loss of pay, which will have a particularly disproportionate impact on the citizens of our state. We sincerely hope the Department of Defense will do all it can to lessen the impact of possible furloughs on our civil servants and believe there are additional steps that can be taken to support this effort.
We can’t allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good.  Legislating is messy. It requires compromise and no one gets everything they want – but we can’t afford to continue with the system we have in place.  The religious community will be an important partner throughout this immigration debate and I’m counting on you to help us get the message out that reform is needed.
