Two years ago on August 15, USCIS released the forms necessary to apply for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) Initiative. This executive action made it possible for many undocumented immigrants to apply for 2-year work visa: specifically it states that anyone under 31 years old who was brought to the US before the age of 16 can apply. This law has affected more than 500,000 undocumented immigrants, and continues to help countless families throughout the country and in Connecticut. You can find more information on the program here: http://j.mp/1w0Xufm
There's still time to get to the Veterans Job Fair at the Carlisle Fire Company in Milford. It's open until 2 pm.
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! Here are a few of our favorites. The one with the most likes on August  22 will be used as our cover photo. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
NA
I'm pleased to announce that NASA has awarded the New Mexico Space Grant Consortium $500,000 to support the Community College Technical Schools Student Launch Program, which enables students to create and design experiments and launch them into space from Spaceport America near Las Cruces. It has become increasingly important to engage students in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics, and it’s programs like the Student Launch Program that inspire students to innovate and give them the experience needed to compete in a global economy.  
More than $700,000 in federal funds will be given to Grand Forks International Airport to construct a taxiway. After I brought the FAA Administrator to our state, including Grand Forks, this spring to look at the challenges our airports have faced, the Administration has followed through on its commitment to make smart and much-needed investments in North Dakota, and these funds are an important part of that commitment. 
Today a spoke at a ribbon cutting ceremony for the new U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) in Devils Lake. For nearly a decade, area veterans have been awaiting the opening of the clinic so they could receive top-notch care they were promised closer to home. We need to make sure all veterans – including those living in rural communities – get the care they deserve. The opening of this CBOC in Devils Lake will help support that goal by providing hundreds of eligible veterans with access to quality rural health care. http://1.usa.gov/XvBfiA
Great news that North Dakota will get nearly $500,000 in federal funds to help our airports better coordinate to accommodate the growing use of air travel. In April, I brought the U.S. Transportation Secretary to North Dakota to show him how the drastic population increase in the state reinforces that we need to upgrade our aviation infrastructure to keep up with demand. Since then, we have announced $35 million in federal funding to make needed improvements and upgrades at airports across the state. 
Yesterday, I spoke at the Independent Community Banks of North Dakota's annual convention to highlight the vital role they play in North Dakota. Having grown up in a small, rural town, I have seen firsthand just how critical community banks are to the livelihoods of families, businesses, and communities all across our great state. They help hardworking families buy homes, provide loans for small businesses and farms, and help rural communities grow and thrive.  Promoting local economic growth is critical to our state’s success and I’ll fight to make sure community banks can make North Dakota an economic model for the nation. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f45da2bd-fe87-419d-a592-c360e49ccb3e
Comments Of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt., President Pro Tempore) On The Passing Of Former Senator Jim Jeffords  "He was a partner in our work for Vermont, and he was a friend.  He was a Vermonter through and through, drawn to political life to make a difference for our state and nation.  Part of his legacy will also stand as an enduring chapter of the Senate's history."
Register Citizen: Buying American-made products will help working families most of all http://t.co/kjQAq7D3iN 
Jeff discusses need to strengthen oil train rules to protect Oregon families with Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) Dep. Admin. Tim Butters at roundtable discussion in Eugene today.
We can’t afford for higher education to become a luxury that is out of reach of the middle class.
Rhode Island artists, designers, and musicians took center stage today as I led new National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) Chairman Jane Chu on an “Art Works” tour of Rhode Island.   Arts and culture are crucial to our state’s economy and the quality of life for all Rhode Islanders.  The NEA has been a critical partner in investing in creativity and innovation here in Rhode Island.  NEA-supported projects have helped local artists showcase their talents and given more people of all ages an opportunity to enjoy the arts, enriching our communities and paying cultural and economic dividends.
Ever wonder what the view is like from the track at Saratoga Race Course? Our friends at Mohawk Ambulance Service gave us a sneak peek at their view this week. Check it out!
