Wayne Telford lost his daughter to suicide while she was on leave from the Air Force. Now, this veteran's new mission is to make sure others don't have to go through the kind of loss he's endured. If you know a veteran who needs help, please have him or her visit the Veterans Crisis Line at http://www.veteranscrisisline.net or call 1-800-273-8255 to speak with qualified, caring VA responders. This support is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year.
Tune in NOW w/ Rep. Judy Chu, Sen Tammy Baldwin, & more to intro landmark women's health bill:  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senblumenthal
Tune in LIVE at 2:30PM as I join Judy Chu, Senator Tammy Baldwin, Senator Barbara Boxer, Representative Marcia L. Fudge & Rep. Lois Frankel to announce our Women's Health Protection Act 0f 2013. 
 
 Watch our press conference LIVE here: http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/live
Ben is about to be live on C-SPAN Washington Journal.
Today we welcomed Jeh Johnson to the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to discuss his nomination to be the next secretary of DHS.  The President has asked Jeh to take on a difficult and demanding job. Fortunately for our nation, he is a strong leader and well-prepared to face the challenges that will await him.   Read what others said today below or watch my statement here: http://bit.ly/1aU7s7w
Today, U.S. Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) unveiled the Senate’s new comprehensive approach to universal Pre-K.. Senator Casey first introduced universal Pre-K in 2007. In his last State of the Union Address, President Obama endorsed universal Pre-K and called on Congress to take action. Now Senate leaders on education have come together on a comprehensive approach that would help Pennsylvania children access early learning.
Senator Joe Donnelly spent Veterans Day thanking Hoosier Veterans around Indianapolis.   Senator Donnelly presented Mr. Michael Hodgson, Mr. Conard Terhune, Jr., Mr. James Horn, and Mr. Julian Quarnstrom the many medals and ribbons that they were awarded for their service.
Honor to represent North Dakotans today at the White House Tribal Nations Conference. This conference is crucial to helping shed a bright light on the challenges facing Native American families, which too often get swept under the rug. It has also served as another important way for the U.S. government and Tribal nations to collaborate on ways to improve conditions in Indian Country. Throughout the week, I’m also working closely with North Dakota Tribal leaders, to discuss my Commission on Native Children bill, as well as many other pressing issues affecting Indian Country like housing, energy, and economic development.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7c9a65f6-7bba-4767-8d0c-57dbdfd2bb9f
Today I met with members of North Dakota’s National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors, Todd Ringoen, from Minot, and Phil Haug, from Fargo, to discuss tax reform and flood insurance.
Taken in Devils Lake, ND, by Erin Rice
Taken in Oliver County, ND, by Lance Aeschliman
There are only 5 days left to help me choose the winner of my Facebook cover photo contest. All you have to do is look through my Facebook photo album and like or comment on the photos you like the best. On Friday, I will choose a winner from the ones with the most feedback. Tell your friends and help me pick the best photo.
Premier Redford and I had a very productive discussion about how we can continue working on policies in Canada and the U.S. to help us become North American energy independent. It’s in both of our countries’ best interests to make sure we’re working together, strategizing, and learning from each other. In North Dakota, we have always had a special relationship with Canada and I believe my work with Premier Redford will only strengthen it.
I was humbled to join our five living U.S. Presidents and many others to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address by participating in this project by Ken Burns and PBS, with Jefferson's Capitol of Virginia as my backdrop. Take a look:
I’m disappointed Senate Republicans have chosen to block the nomination of another highly-qualified nominee to the D.C. Circuit. Nina Pillard is an accomplished litigator who has practiced law at every level of the legal system across the country. She successfully argued the Supreme Court case that opened the Virginia Military Institute to women – a historic decision that has served Virginia well, even turning a one-time adversary in that case, then-VMI Superintendent Josiah ‘Cy’ Bunting III, into a strong supporter of her nomination. The filibuster of Ms. Pillard’s nomination again raises the question – is there a double standard against women nominees to the D.C. Circuit? Since I took office eleven months ago, three superbly-qualified women nominees, including Ms. Pillard, Patricia Millett and Caitlin Halligan, have been filibustered under the pretext that the court does not have a large enough workload. During the same period, an equally qualified male nominee, Sri Srinivasan, was confirmed 93-0 without a single mention of the workload issue from my Republican colleagues. I’m very concerned that women nominees to the D.C. Circuit – the second-highest court in the land– are being blocked over concerns about workload that are not being applied in an evenhanded way. If senators have concerns about their qualifications, let’s have that debate. But we shouldn’t allow these candidates to be blocked from consideration based on reasons that don’t stand the light of day.
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, November 12, 2013) – U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) on Tuesday called on Republicans to end their filibuster of Nina Pillard’s nomination to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, and confirm this highly qualified nominee. Pillard would fill one of three vacancies on what is widely considered the second most important court in the country. 
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-calls-on-senate-republicans-to-end-filibuster_of-highly-qualified-circuit-court-nominee
My health staffer Michael dubbed today “Autism Day” here in my office because we’re spending time with autism groups and focusing on action steps we can take to help thousands of Americans. 
 
 Part of that effort is a congressional screening of the terrific documentary film Best Kept Secret. 
 
 If you’re in DC and haven’t seen it yet, check out the info & come to the screening @ 5pm: http://1.usa.gov/1cR8ySX
DoD finally ends contract for Russian helicopters. US tax dollars should be used to buy American choppers http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-blumenthal-delauro-applaud-pentagon-decision-to-end-russian-helicopter-contract …
Joined my colleagues and this little guy to intro a bill to expand access to early education today. Countless studies have shown what parents already know: that the early years are critical for a child's development and success in the long run. This bill invests in essential early childhood education for children across the country, regardless of where they live or how much money their parents make. I'm confident that the investments our bill makes will not only greatly improve a child's quality of life in the early years, but will also set them up for educational success as they get older
 
 You can read more about this bill here: http://1.usa.gov/HRgXYB
This morning at the National Journal Live Event, I joined energy experts to talk about our country's energy future and the need for a balanced approach when it comes to our energy investments.  http://www.nationaljournal.com/energy/manchin-there-s-an-overreach-by-the-epa-20131113
Senator Manchin met with the students, teachers and parents from Moorefield Intermediate School on the steps of the Capitol in Washington, D.C.
Look who stopped by our constituent coffee today- proud West Virginian and advocate for early childhood education, Jennifer Garner.
I am extremely disappointed that Republicans have once again blocked a highly qualified nominee to a court currently operating with three vacancies.   This is the third talented female jurist in a row that they have blocked to fill a vacant seat on the D.C. Circuit court.  Professor Nina Pillard is a respected legal scholar at Georgetown University and has argued nine cases before the U.S. Supreme Court.   Republicans filled these vacancies under President Bush, and they should work with Democrats to fill them now.
Kali the Polar Bear is staying put at the #BuffaloZoo at least until 2015 if all goes as planned. 
NA
“Today we achieved a long-fought victory for civil rights in Hawai‘i.  This is a celebratory day for many Hawai‘i families, who will now be treated equally under the law, regardless of who they love. I heard that Willie K and Amy Hanaiali'i brought everyone to tears singing ‘Imagine’ at the Marriage Equality bill signing in Honolulu today. And that Senator Hee, Representative Lee and Governor Abercrombie spoke poignantly.  Mahalo Governor Abercrombie for signing this historic act into law. ” – BES
The pay system for the men and women who defend America's borders is out-of-date and too often abused by folks who aren't on the front lines.  Senator John McCain and I are introducing a common-sense bill that will provide more certainty for Border Patrol Agents and save taxpayers money.  (http://1.usa.gov/1hGgqJa)
Tomorrow, I'll be delivering my 50th climate change speech on the Senate floor. I hope you'll join me in telling Congress that it's time to wake up and act on climate change. Click LIKE and SHARE to help spread the word about tomorrow's speech, which is tentatively scheduled for 4:30PM ET on CSPAN-2: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
Yo prometo que me mantendré enfocado en apoyar un acuerdo bipartidista.
A hearty congratulations to Virginia's Attorney General-elect Mark Herring: proof that every single vote must count.
Republicans now hold the dubious distinction of having filibustered all three immensely qualified women that President Obama nominated to D.C. Circuit. The President has nominated qualified, independent judges to fill vacancies on the court, and Republicans are refusing to allow votes on any of them. Republicans may prefer a court system that is rigged for the wealthy and the powerful, but President Obama won reelection. If Republicans refuse to allow him to fill court vacancies, then Senators have a duty to change the filibuster rules to protect the Constitution and the neutrality of our courts.
