Really moving story on the front page of yesterday's News Journal about Fred Johnson, a Tuskegee Airman, and the Congressional Gold Medal I was proud to help give him. Check it out: http://www.delawareonline.com/article/20130305/NEWS14/303050055/Belated-honor-lands-hands-local-Tuskegee-hero-
Today's job fair is still on! Come out to the Embassy Suites in Newark to meet with employers.
One of the most important steps we can take for our economy and our children is to invest in early education. Having at least one year of pre-K will better prepare our children in an increasingly competitive global economy. Every child deserves a chance to develop their talents, and a year of pre-K is essential to doing that.
Today's job fair in Newark is ON!
In recent Senate Armed Services Committee hearings, Joe has placed mental health as a top priority, asking about ways the country can provide our nation’s heroes with the support they’ve earned both during and after their return from duty. Last year, the number of military suicides surpassed combat casualties in Afghanistan, and suicides in the U.S. Army reached the highest total since 1993. As your Senator, Joe will work with the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs to advocate for awareness of existing mental health programs and ways to improve the services we provide to servicemembers and veterans.
National Community Action Foundation gave me a plaque in honor of my Uncle Dennis, who dedicated his life to helping others through Lakes & Prairies Community Action Partnership
Kudos to Senator John Hoeven & Mark Pryor for introducing commonsense bill  2 improve school lunches. Looking fwd to working together on this.
North Dakotans with American Diabetes Association weather the rain & wind to stop by the office. Discussed efforts to stop diabetes
The federal gov may be closed b/c of a snowstorm, but you can bet the Heitkamp office is open and ready to serve the people of North Dakota!
NA
Today's Q poll shows that Connecticut supports common sense gun reform. LIKE and SHARE to show your support
Connecticut voters and gun owners support common sense gun reform:
Tune in tonight-- Senator Manchin will be joining CNN's Wolf Blitzer on The Situation Room around 5:30 p.m. and he will also be talking with Larry Kudlow and Senator Mike Lee on CNBC around 7:00 p.m.
To West Virginians being impacted by today's snowstorm, please visit our website for updated information on who to contact for immediate assistance. http://1.usa.gov/13GJuIQ
Vote TODAY for Syracuse in the National Mayor’s Challenge. A vote for Syracuse is a vote for NY.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen met today with General Will Fraser, Commander of the U.S. Transportation Command (USTRANSCOM), to discuss important issues facing the New Hampshire National Guard and to continue her advocacy of Pease Air National Guard Base as an optimal location for the KC-46A tanker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/YZ4pRN
Senator Shaheen continued her strong advocacy for Pease Air National Guard Base today as she sent a letter with the New Hampshire Congressional delegation to the Director of the Air Force touting Pease as the optimal location for the KC-46A Tanker.
Senator Warner called Virginians personally to listen to their concerns about across-the-board sequestration cuts and their effect on the Commonwealth. More: http://1.usa.gov/ZfPmSm (staff)
“I don’t have a solution for you today,” Senator Warner told a retired Naval Commander from Virginia Beach who had written to him demanding that elected officials work together to resolve the issues facing the country. “It’s just that a whole lot of Virginians have been calling and emailing me and sending me letters, and people are so frustrated. I want to tell you that I’ve been trying for three and a half years to get both sides to compromise,” he promised her, “and I’m still trying.”  More here: http://1.usa.gov/ZfPmSm
