Gotta love The Onion. Talk about "Land of Flickering Lights." Today's budget compromise is a promising step and Coloradans deserve leaders that will work together to get things done. We can still do better, and we're going to continue to work on a budget that is bipartisan, materially addresses our debt and deficit, shows we're all in this together.
WASHINGTON – U.S. #Senators Ben Cardin  and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski along with  Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer and Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards .) today voiced their continued strong support for a proposed site in Greenbelt, Maryland to serve as the future home of the FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation As a leading candidate for the new location for the FBI headquarters, Prince George’s  County Executive Rushern Baker Baker today submitted a proposal to meet the GSA’s December 17 deadline.  “We stand firmly behind #PrinceGeorges County as the right choice for the new headquarters of the FBI and support County Executive Baker’s proposal for the #Greenbelt site. Prince George’s County has the ability to donate, at no cost to the federal government, the proposed location that meets the size requirements and is located directly adjacent to a #Metro station,” Team #Maryland said. “An honest analysis of the cost of operations, security, convenience of location for staff, transportation options, and the promotion of regional equity in federal facility distribution should make the proposed Greenbelt, Maryland site the choice location for FBI. This project would bring thousands of jobs to the County, boost our local economy and generate additional revenues for our community. As #GSA continues to move forward with the process of selecting a site, we will be working closely together to advocate for bringing this project, and the new #economic opportunities that will accompany it, to Prince George's County.”  Earlier this year, Senators Cardin and Mikulski along with the entire Maryland Congressional delegation, including Representatives Steny H. Hoyer, Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Chris Van Hollen, Dutch Ruppersberger Congressman John Sarbanes, , Donna F. Edwards Andy Harris and Congressman John K. Delaney sent a letter to the heads of the FBI and GSA that strongly support a site in Prince George’s County, Maryland, for the future home of the #FBI. Their letter notes a Maryland state report that found 43 percent of FBI employees call Maryland home, more than any other jurisdiction.
Today I joined 63 of my colleagues to pass the Bipartisan Budget Act to return the appropriations process to regular order over the next two years. I’m hopeful this bipartisan bill will prevent another harmful and unnecessary government shutdown.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1i2oCma
The Affordable Care Act requires insurers to spend at least 80% of your premiums on medical care and refund you when they don’t. 
 
 8.5 million Americans received a rebate this year as a result.
More evidence that we need to strengthen the middle class to strengthen our economy.
NA
Senator Joe Donnelly today applauded the recent recipients of the Indiana Department of Education’s Math Science Partnership Grants, including Elkhart and Concord Community Schools in collaboration with ETHOS Science Center, for which Senator Donnelly wrote a letter of support.  Donnelly said, “I am very happy to see Indiana school corporations and institutes of higher learning working together to provide our kids with the education and skills they need to succeed in today’s job market. I want to thank the Indiana Department of Education for making this investment in our children’s future.”
We need to get Congress working again and get our fiscal house in order. It’s past time the partisan bickering comes to an end and we work together -- Republicans and Democrats -- to find real solutions for North Dakota and our country, as I have worked to do. While this budget compromise isn’t the bill that I would have written, it moves us in the right direction. Importantly, this budget rolls back some of the reckless across-the-board spending cuts that the previous Congress agreed to. Instead of a targeted approach, these harsh cuts have disproportionately affected the most vulnerable among us by slashing Head Start programs for low-income children, cutting housing and health care support for Native American families, and ending Meals on Wheels programs that offered meals to senior citizens. North Dakotans deserve better than what Congress has given them in the past few years. It's my hope that this agreement will pave the way for more bipartisan efforts, while reducing uncertainty in our economy and addressing our federal deficit.
Today, I met with EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to voice concern about the Obama Administration’s proposal to reduce the effectiveness of the Renewable Fuel Standard. I believe the proposal, which would reduce the required amount of biofuels produced in the U.S., will have a devastating impact on North Dakota’s farmers, damage the state’s vibrant ethanol industry, and hurt our ability to become North American energy independent.
With Senate passage of a two-year budget agreement tonight, I’m proud to say that we’ve achieved two of my highest priorities for my first year in office – getting a budget agreement through the House and Senate and offsetting the worst effects of sequestration that have disproportionately impacted Virginia.  During the opening meeting of the Budget Conference Committee last month, I called on my fellow conferees to ‘surprise the cynics.’ I’m so glad we did.   Over the past 11 months, I witnessed the impact of budget uncertainty and sequestration by visiting military installations, private shipyards, research universities and early childhood educations centers across the Commonwealth. With passage of this compromise budget deal, we’ll replace $63 billion in non-strategic sequester cuts and prevent another government shutdown, restoring much-needed certainty to these Virginians, and to our economy as a whole. It also allows appropriators to write full bills that will give the Department of Defense more flexibility to plan for the future and allow the Navy to continue its critical shipbuilding and repair work.    There are provisions in the compromise that I do not support, including a reduction in the cost of living increase (COLA) for certain military pensions. That’s why I co-sponsored legislation this week to replace the $6 billion in cuts by closing a corporate tax loophole that companies use to avoid paying U.S. taxes. I’m hopeful we will be able to undo these changes before they take effect in 2015 and I’ll work in the Senate Armed Services Committee to do so.    There is more work to be done to replace the remaining non-strategic sequestration cuts and address our long-term fiscal challenges, but Congress has now shown that we can work together in a bipartisan way, as the American public demands and deserves.
I’m proud to join Senators Mark Warner and Jeanne Shaheen to introduce a bill that will repeal the proposed cuts to military retiree pensions and replace them by closing a corporate tax loophole that companies use to avoid paying U.S. taxes.
Great to meet today with Glenn Close – actress & activist fighting to end the stigma and discrimination against mental illness. 
 
 I’ve been a longtime champion for mental health parity, helping families & communities deal w effects of mental illness. We must have a health system that recognizes the warning signs, ensures quality of treatment and helps families cope with everyday challenges.
Together with Team Maryland we stand firmly behind Prince George’s County as the right choice for the new headquarters of the FBI and support County Executive Baker’s proposal for the Greenbelt site. An honest analysis of the cost of operations, security, convenience of location for staff, transportation options, and the promotion of regional equity in federal facility distribution should make the proposed Greenbelt, Maryland site the choice location for FBI.   This project would bring thousands of jobs to the County, boost our local economy and generate additional revenues for our community. As GSA continues to move forward with the process of selecting a site, we will be working closely together to advocate for bringing this project, and the new economic opportunities that will accompany it, to Prince George's County.
"It's not a perfect deal for any Member, but that's because it's a compromise, which is something we need more of around here. I'm pleased that responsible people got in a room and worked together, instead of taking a ‘my way or the highway' approach. This agreement reduces the deficit while also addressing some of the heavy-handed aspects of budget cuts by sequestration-which were harming our military and our communities. I'm pleased that the agreement keeps us on a glide path to lower spending, and I am hopeful this step forward will allow us to continue working together to find additional budget savings and keep our economy moving in the right direction. A great deal of work remains to be done." -Claire
Bulk telephone data collection is an outrageous breach of Americans' privacy. It's a positive development that the government review panel urges an end to it.
It's time to bring transparency and fairness to the EPA science review process. The EPA must improve its credibility with the American people and the entire energy sector, and the bipartisan legislation I introduced today with Senator John Boozman makes sure that the EPA is held accountable for creating fair, unbiased, and science-based rules and regulations.  http://1.usa.gov/1kj0ZFu
ICYMI: Last night I was on Special Report with Bret Baier. Part 2:
ICYMI: Last night I was on Special Report with Bret Baier.  Part 1:
Joined 63 of my colleagues to approve 2 year budget agreement.  It is vitally important that Congress pass a budget and provide some economic certainty, but we shouldn’t balance our national budget on the backs of our veterans.  There are smarter ways to achieve savings and we should start by closing wasteful tax loopholes.  That is why I cosponsored the Military Retirement Restoration Act.  I will continue working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to safeguard military retirees from changes to cost of living adjustments.
Put simply, we need to govern with more compromise and less crisis. The bipartisan budget deal is a positive step in the right direction.
The tremendous damage wrought by Superstorm Sandy to both inland and shoreline areas in Staten Island made it crystal clear that we need to invest in our natural flood mitigation infrastructure throughout the borough; this is a project that will do just that in a sustainable manner.
In case you missed it: Earlier this afternoon Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor to call for passage of the bipartisan budget agreement which will create certainty for the economy, promote job creation and end the threat of a government shutdown.  Shaheen also highlighted legislation she introduced last night, the Military Retirement Restoration Act, which would undo a cost of living adjustment (COLA) for military retirees currently in the budget and replace those savings by closing offshore tax loopholes. Read her full remarks here: http://1.usa.gov/1dP2NkO
This morning, Senator Schatz will be on Hawaii News Now and KHON2 News with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York to discuss the work they’re doing to create a national paid family and medical leave insurance program, ensuring that workers in Hawai‘i and across the country would no longer have to choose between a paycheck and caring for themselves or a family member.
Senator Schatz helped introduce legislation today to safeguard military retirees from changes in cost of living adjustments (COLA) in the bipartisan budget agreement.  The proposal would be fully-paid for by eliminating a corporate tax loophole for companies that use offshore tax havens to avoid paying U.S. taxes.  “The budget agreement is an important step forward for our country – it protects jobs in Hawai‘i and instills economic certainty, finally rolling back the devastating sequester cuts and stopping billions of dollars’ worth of cuts from taking effect. But we can work together to make it better and I believe this is one important way to do so. The legislation we’re working to pass would preserve military retiree benefits and pay for it by closing an offshore tax haven loophole that some companies are using to avoid paying U.S. taxes.” - BES
I'm glad to see a bipartisan budget deal that replaces damaging across-the-board cuts with smarter alternatives that will support growth among small businesses, create jobs in New Mexico and avoid the devastating financial impacts of another government shutdown, however, I strongly oppose the reduction in retirement benefits for working-age military retirees.  That's why I am joining forces with my colleagues in the Senate to pass the Military Retirement Restoration Act to reverse the 1 percent cost of living adjustments (COLA) reduction for these retirees who have dedicated over two decades of their lives to protecting our freedoms.   Click below for more about the bill I introduced and share it with others if you agree our military service members should get the full retirement benefits they have earned.
The Senate just voted 64 to 36 to pass a bipartisan budget deal.  I supported the agreement because it provides budget certainty for two years, protects Social Security and Medicare benefits, and will help to prevent another government shutdown.  While it doesn’t go as far as I would have liked, the budget also provides for significant relief from the senseless sequester cuts.  I’m disappointed the deal didn’t include an extension of emergency unemployment benefits and will strongly support Senator Jack Reed’s efforts to pass one when Congress reconvenes in January.
The holiday spirit was on display this weekend at the Broad Street Tree Lighting Ceremony at the Bomes Theater. In addition to the holiday festivities, 300 hats and mittens were distributed to the youngest members of our community - highlighting the generosity of the season. Thanks to the Providence City Council, Quisqueya En Accion, and SWAP, Inc. - Stop Wasting Abandoned Property for inviting me to participate.  What are some of the ways you're giving back this holiday season?
Proud to vote for the bipartisan #budget agreement, but we need to do more to fix military pension issue, tackle the deficit.
I don't support the provision in the budget deal that unfairly singles out our military families. I've introduced a bill to replace it by closing a corporate tax loophole. #KeepYourPromise
I spoke with MSNBC’s Chris Hayes last night about the Equal Employment for All Act I introduced yesterday with Senators Blumenthal, Brown, Leahy, Markey, Shaheen and Whitehouse. This legislation would prohibit employers from requiring prospective employees to disclose their credit history. Watch the interview here:
