We've seen some pretty amazing #mdsnow pictures today, here's a great #baltimore shot
Hope you're staying safe and warm today! Here are 10 steps to stay safe during Winter Storm Janus from our friends at the Red Cross.
NA
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Purdue community. We’re grateful for the timely efforts of the first responders. -Joe
In addition to giving our hardworking farmers the certainty they need to feed the world, the Farm Bill also makes groundbreaking nutrition and agriculture research facilities like the Human Nutrition Research Center in Grand Forks a reality. The work being done at this facility is critical to tackling the most pressing challenges facing our country – such as fighting the obesity epidemic and helping families live healthier. The Farm Bill made the facility possible, and the folks working there shouldn’t have to worry about whether or not it will continue to be authorized. We're so close to passing a compromise Farm Bill, and we need to bring it across the finish line. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=5fe2a875-46b2-49cb-bdd7-a536f04ebe0e
Each year, I ask someone special, someone who represents the very best from our communities, to be my guest at the State of the Union. This year, I am so honored that Master Sergeant Eric Marts, host of WDAY AM's 10:00 am Saturday talk show, Heroes of the Heartland, will be able to join me for the President’s address to the nation. Eric’s story is about a man who is selflessly committed to serving our country, who has sacrificed much and overcame great obstacles. Eric continues to serve and has made it his life’s mission to make life better for those who sacrifice so much for us.
Cold day in North Dakota. En route to Grand Forks. Be careful on the roads everyone.
This morning I stopped by Hillsboro Elementary. It was a joy to read "Thank You Mr.Falker" with them. The education our children get now is the foundation for our country's future and I'm committed to making sure each and every child gets the education they deserve.
Today I met with Eric Marts and his dog, Deacon, in Fargo. Tune in to WDAY tonight at 10:00pm CT to find out why.
At Middletown High School this morning to go over my proposal to lower the cost of college through innovation and accountability
Just finished a productive day of hearing from West Virginians in Princeton and Bluefield. Tomorrow I'll continue my "Connecting with West Virginians" tour by meeting with veterans and members of the small business community.   ICYMI: Yesterday I was in Charleston to announce my legislation to help protect West Virginians and Americans from chemical spills and to celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
Believe it or not, worms at Worm Power in Avon may be key to managing dairy waste & organically protecting crops.
Got some great wing sauce in #Buffalo today for #SuperBowl chicken wings
Members of Senator Shaheen’s staff will be in Hanover and Lebanon on Wednesday and Brookline on Thursday to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies. Click here for details: http://1.usa.gov/1jm0g7A
Just visited the staff at the Harrisonburg-Rockingham Emergency Communications Center to thank them for the vital services they provide. And to bring them some delicious Court Square Coffee!
Dropped by Shawnee Volunteer Fire & Rescue Co in Winchester this morning to bring the responders some donuts and thank them for their hard work during this winter storm.
Had a great time yesterday holding a town hall meeting at the very cool Catoctin Creek Distilling Company in Purcellville.
