***INCYMI***  Via The Baltimore Sun-   "It's also wrong to assume food stamp benefits are too generous. Beginning Friday, an individual living in Maryland is eligible for no more than $189 per month. In a 30-day month, that translates to slightly more than $2 per meal. That's not exactly living in the lap of luxury. And, of course, the payment may be reduced if the household receives other benefits such as Social Security or child support."- Editorial Board
The President just finished his remarks in Boston on the Affordable Care Act. Here's what stuck with me.
Senator Coons and the budget conference committee got to work on their first day of negotiations today. "Economic growth has to be our North Star," Chris said. See the full video here - http://youtu.be/Qs21xWB0DNg
Severe storms are expected in east and southeast Indiana tomorrow. Be better prepared with FEMA's severe weather tips:
Today, Senator Joe Donnelly and U.S. Senator Dean Heller introduced the Skills Gap Strategy Act, a bill that would help employers identify, train, and hire workers with the skills to fill existing job openings in Indiana, Nevada, and across the country.    It is estimated that up to 600,000 middle-skilled and high-skilled manufacturing jobs are left unfilled due to employers not finding workers with the right training.
#GoodNews: Welcome home to U.S. Navy Chief Petty Officer Aaron Wright of South Bend.  Thank you to the Hoosiers who serve & sacrifice for our freedom.
Today I continued my efforts to reduce the veterans disability claims backlog during a Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing.  More can be done to encourage veterans to submit their claims in the most efficient way possible. My bill, the Veterans Benefits Claims Faster Filing Act, seeks to ensure veterans are aware of the faster options available to them.
I spoke on the floor today about my first bill in the Senate which would create a Commission on Native Children. Long ago, we promised to provide for the education, health and safety of our Native children. So far, we have failed to defend our country’s most at-risk population, but this bipartisan bill aims to change that. My bill would move forward a long overdue conversation about how we can better help Native American children at Spirit Lake Nation, Standing Rock Sioux Nation, MHA Nation, Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa, Sisseton-Wahpeton Oyate Tribe, and tribes all around the country.
Today, I introduced my first bill as a US Senator which aims to find solutions to the complex challenges facing Native American children across North Dakota and the country. Standing up for our Native children has long been a priority of mine, and I’m proud that my first bill will help shed light on this issue and offer real solutions to address it. We need to strive for a day when Native children no longer live in third-world conditions; when they don’t face the threat of abuse on a daily basis; and when they receive the good health care and education to help them grow and succeed. My bipartisan bill – introduced with Republican Senator Murkowski of Alaska - would create a Commission on Native Children, named after Alyce Spotted Bear -- the former Chairwomen of Mandan, Hidatsa & Arikara Nation in ND – to face these issues head on so we can finally live up to the promises we made long ago to protect our Native families and children.
Excited to soon introduce my first bill in the Senate -- on my birthday. Today I'm remembering all the birthdays I spent with my brothers, sisters and neighbors back in Mantador, ND. Can you guess which one of these kids is me?
Send your questions now on the Farm Bill for my Twitter town hall on Thursday at 11:15 am CT.  Tweet a question and include your hometown and #AskHeidiH.  On Thursday, I will start answer your questions.
During the first full meeting of the bipartisan Budget Conference Committee today, I called on my fellow conferees to surprise the cynics and find a bipartisan solution that would restore budget certainty and replace the damaging sequester cuts that have severely impacted Virginia.
Statement Of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) On The House-Senate Farm Bill Conference Committee
I’ve been fighting for disclosure of anonymous big $ behind corporate political election ads for a long time because it’s the right thing to do for our democracy.
 
 The SEC has the power to make it happen. They can protect investors, strengthen transparency, and help clean up campaign finance.
 
 Tell the SEC you want to know who’s funding campaigns: http://bit.ly/1htV5js
Join me and Senator Richard Blumenthal for coffee in DC tmrw at 9am in 724 Hart Senate Office Building. Costumes welcome.
On day 1 of budget conference, I’m urging members to come together to fix reckless cuts in the sequester. My statement: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-calls-on-budget-conferees-to-replace-job-killing-sequester
Standing with families of victims, survivors, and my colleagues to demand action on gun violence legislation. Now.
After security leaks from contractor Edward Snowden and the tragic shooting at the Washington Navy Yard illustrated systemic problems with the security clearance background check process, Claire along with U.S. Senator Susan Collins, Senator Kelly Ayotte, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp, today introduced bipartisan legislation that would implement an automated review of public records and databases for any information that might affect the security clearance status of individuals who have such a clearance.
Momentum is continuing to build for ending LGBT employment discrimination.
Event Photography Boy Scouts Patriot Award, Washington DC  Event Photography for  Boy Scouts Patriot Award in Washington, DC ©Carl Cox 2013
I hope the miners know that as long as there's coal to mine, I will proudly stand by their side.
Today is National Mine Rescue Day, and I join all West Virginians in honoring the courage, sacrifice and extraordinary strength of those in the mining community who have put their lives at risk to rescue miners from emergencies and accidents. I have always said that if we can’t mine it safely, we shouldn’t mine it at all. A strong mining industry begins with a strong commitment to our miners and our workers, and I will continue to make their safety my number one priority.  For more information about Mine Rescue Day, please click here: http://www.msha.gov/MineRescue/MineRescueDay/MineRescueDay.asp
MUST READ op-ed by the president of the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity.  "...the EPA regulators should allow CCS technology time to develop and become commercially viable before imposing it on companies. To do otherwise will be dangerous for energy and the environment."
Testified before the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs in support of my legislation to expand mortgage and foreclosure protections for military families. While the men and women of our Armed Forces are protecting our nation overseas, we should do everything possible to protect their families and homes.  We must ensure the laws that protect our troops keep pace with the challenges they face.
The deficit has been cut by more than half since 2009. We'll continue our work in this regard, but we must also prioritize job creation and job growth.  http://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2013/10/30/deficit-more-cut-half-2009
I had the pleasure of sitting down with The Rachel Maddow Show today. Rachel always asks great questions. Tune in tonight to hear my answers... and then let me know what you think.
ICYMI: Spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about Superstorm #Sandy & the impacts of #climatechange on NY & the East Coast
Reminder: Senator Shaheen’s staff will hold office hours today from 11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. in Lebanon and 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. in Hanover to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security. For more information click here: http://1.usa.gov/16KCbmj
In case you missed, USA TODAY published an op-ed from Senator Shaheen today where she renewed her call to extend open enrollment for consumers who are experiencing problems with healthcare.gov.   You can read it by clicking on the link below.
Today, U.S. Senator Brian Schatz highlighted the important role after-school programs play in Hawai‘i at a meeting with former Governor Schwarzenegger and Senator Harry Reid.  Senator Schatz also spoke today at the launch of the DC After-School All-Stars chapter, a sister chapter of Hawai‘i’s After School All-Stars program.
 
 “I have seen first-hand the difference after-school programs make for our children and their families,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.  “After-school programs help kids do better in class and give them a place to go.  After-School All-Stars and the 21st Century Community Learning Centers have helped thousands of children in Hawai‘i, and I’ll keep fighting to protect these programs for our kids.  That’s why I was glad to discuss the importance and future of after-school programs in Hawai‘i with Governor Schwarzenegger and Leader Reid, and help launch the DC chapter of After-School All-Stars.”
 
 Schatz is a co-sponsor of the After School for America’s Children Act, which will extend and improve the 21st Century Community Learning Centers after school program. Currently, over 5,600 children in Hawai‘i participate in after school activities through 21st Century Learning Centers, over 1,500 of which participate in the After-School All-Stars programs. The benefits of after-school programs are tangible. Students in after school programs not only do better in school, but are 30 percent less likely to engage in criminal activity, 49 percent less likely to use drugs, and 37 percent less likely to become teen parents.
 
 http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=346972
Senator Schatz is fighting to protect Social Security and strengthen the program for our kupuna who rely on it.  Today he joined the Strengthen Social Security Coalition’s conference on Solving the Retirement Income Crisis and talked about how important Social Security is to the 1 in 6 people in Hawai‘i who rely on benefits.
Meeting with Montana sheriffs and law enforcement officials this week to discuss the importance of early childhood education in keeping kids out of trouble and setting them on the right path.
This week I am proud to cosponsor the USA FREEDOM Act to end the dragnet collection of Americans' phone records, restore their privacy rights and require greater oversight, transparency and accountability in the government's surveillance laws.  In 2001, I voted against the Patriot Act because I believed it was hastily written and had the power to undermine the constitutional rights of our citizens, and unfortunately we now know that those concerns were justified. We can protect our national security and our constitutional rights, and the USA FREEDOM Act is an important step toward striking that balance.  Click below to learn more about the bill – which has the diverse support of groups from the NRA to the ACLU, and bipartisan support in the House.
Good news - yesterday President Obama approved disaster assistance for New Mexico and Santa Clara Pueblo to help recover and rebuild from the September floods. I urged the president to respond quickly to the state's request, and I'm glad to see federal aid is on the way to help repair roads, bridges, dams and other structures.   I've heard from New Mexicans all over the state about the catastrophic flooding and damage that hurt many communities, and I saw the damage firsthand in Catron County last week. New Mexicans are resilient, and we will rebuild stronger than we were before. But I'm going to keep working to ensure the federal government fulfills its obligations to help with restoration in New Mexico's communities.   Click here to learn more about the declaration for Catron, Chaves, Cibola, Colfax, Eddy, Guadalupe, Los Alamos, McKinley, Mora, Sandoval, San Miguel, Santa Fe, Sierra, Socorro, and Torrance counties, as well as the Santa Clara Pueblo.
Today, I joined select members of the House and and Senate to reconcile the budgets passed by each body. In this statement, I urged my colleagues to replace the sequester, use delivery system reform to reduce health care costs (without cutting benefits), and close tax loopholes for corporations that don't need them.  Watch the video below.
This week, I joined 38 of my colleagues to call on the 2013 Farm Bill conference committee to reject Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) cuts for 280,000 children. Read our letter below.
At today's first meeting of the Budget Conference Committee, I spoke about how we need to end the recent fiscal practice of lurching from crisis to crisis, find a way to replace the damaging, across-the-board spending cuts mandated by sequester, and look for opportunities to make responsible investments that will strengthen the economic recovery and promote American competitiveness.
