I wrote an op-ed on the lessons of our climate change all-nighter in the Senate:
I am proud to have a fellow Marylander among the financial leaders that are guiding our economy towards future growth and stability. Sarah Bloom Raskin’s impressive résumé and reverence for public service make her particularly well-suited to be at the upper ranks of America’s fiscal leadership.  Once sworn into office, she will be the highest ranking woman in the history of the Treasury Department.  
Today I would like to express my strong support for S.Res. 265, a resolution I co-sponsored deploring the violent repression of peaceful demonstrators in #Venezuela, calling for full accountability for human rights violations taking place in Venezuela, and supporting the right of the Venezuelan people to the free and peaceful exercise of representative democracy.  Since February 4, 2014 the #Venezuelan people have taken to the streets on a daily basis to express frustration with the country’s high inflation, corruption, food shortages, lack of press freedoms, lack of due process, violent crime, and other grievances.  Addressing these legitimate concerns is a basic function of a democratic government.  Instead, we’ve seen a crackdown on protests through unlawful use of force, a stifling of the media, and the detention of opposition leaders.  Over 22 people have been killed, hundreds injured, and over a thousand people arrested during these protests.  The Venezuelan Government is an elected government, and as such, it should act like a democratic government by immediately addressing the core concerns of its people through meaningful dialogue, halting the use of force, and providing a safe space for the Venezuelan people to express their views peacefully.  Without a genuine, transparent conversation to address the central concerns raised by the protestors, Venezuela faces a bleak future. Contrary to comments by the Venezuelan government, this crisis is not about the United States; it is about the Venezuelan people.  But the crisis does have implications for peace and security in the hemisphere and the broader international community.  The United States always has stood and always will stand for basic freedoms, including freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, and freedom of the press.  We will not back down on protecting and promoting these universal values.  Nor should the international community.  It’s incumbent upon neighboring countries and regional organizations to be vocal during this critical point, to take a stand for universal human rights, and to expect the highest level of respect for representative democracy from its hemispheric neighbor.  Today, we see tension and unrest around the world.  Each situation is unique; however, the desire for fundamental human rights is universally-recognized.  I call on my colleagues and nations around the world to stand up for these basic freedoms and support a path toward a stable, peaceful, and prosperous Venezuela.
As I told NPR, what agencies are doing with unused government buildings isn't working for taxpayers, and I will continue to work with my colleagues, GAO, and the Administration on finding a better approach.
A new Government Accountability Office report that I requested, released yesterday on the third anniversary of the Fukushima nuclear disaster, assesses the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s Emergency Response Data System’s reliability during a crisis.  I urge the NRC to seriously consider the GAO’s recommendation that it upgrade its communications network so that our response teams can work effectively in case of a disaster.  
On the 25th anniversary of the proposal that launched the World Wide Web, I want to recognize Sir Tim Berners-Lee for giving us this incredible tool that has allowed information to flow freely throughout the world and enabled trillions of dollars to move through our economy.   Read more about how that came to be here: http://bit.ly/1njUEO4 
NA
Yesterday, I met with MG Wesley Craig, the Adjutant General of the Pennsylvania National Guard, to discuss the ways PA's guard members strengthen our national security and serve their home communities. I am proud that the PA Guard has repeatedly answered the call to service; the PA Guard has deployed over 34,000 servicemembers in support of overseas operations since 9/11. I would also like to take this time to wish the 28th Infantry Division a Happy 135th Birthday, The U.S. Army's oldest in continuous operation! I'll continue to fight to keep our Guard strong.
I’m changing my profile picture to mark 3 years of suffering for the #childrenofsyria with UNICEF. Help us spread the word and demand a better future for them:
Congratulations to France A. Córdova, the first female president of Purdue, on her successful nomination to be the new Director of the National Science Foundation this evening.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Indianapolis was voted the best convention city in the country by USA TODAY readers.
Joe had the chance yesterday to meet Carmel native Yushi Homma, one of Intel's Science Talent Search finalists.
Honored to meet with the Center for Native American Youth’s 2014 Champions for Change, including Bismarck’s own Danielle Finn, a member of Standing Rock Sioux Tribe & an intern in my Bismarck office. It’s incredibly heartening to hear about the remarkable work they are doing to make a real difference for their Tribes.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=bac296cb-8c55-49e1-97fd-1fc7c8cc98da
Deeply grateful that Fredericksburg’s Josh Hardy will receive the medication he needs. Thank you to Josh’s Army, Chimerix president and CEO Kenneth Moch, and the FDA for making this possible. My thoughts and prayers remain with Josh and his family.
There's some "Gouda News!" out of Claire's office today (pun intended). 
As part of an all-day event hosted by The Atlantic focused on "Reinventing the War on Poverty," Senator Manchin joined president of the American Federation of Teachers Randi Weingarten to explore the opportunities to end the cycle of poverty, specifically in McDowell County, West Virginia.   Photo Credit: The Atlantic/Kristoffer Tripplaar
Good luck to the teams competing in the 39th Girls State Basketball Tournament that tips off this morning in Charleston. To all the players and coaches, I congratulate you on your accomplishments this season. These memories will truly stay with you for a lifetime.    http://wvmetronews.com/2014/03/15/girls-state-tournament-takes-over-civic-center-on-wednesday/
Had a chance today to meet with Special Olympics RI athlete Carlos Rivera and Project Unify partner Sebastian Zuleta, as well as their teacher and coach, Katie Gomes.   These athletes take a lot of pride in not just competing, but helping and encouraging others to do their best.  I’m proud of the great work Special Olympics RI continues to do every day and I will continue to support their efforts.
This year, we celebrate Nevada’s 150th anniversary of its admittance to the Union. I'm proud to say our "Battle Born" state gave President Lincoln critical votes during the Civil War in 1864. Today, I was proud to detail some of the history of our great Silver State on the Senate Floor.  
Happy 102nd birthday to the @girlscouts, especially Daisy Troop 954 who marched Sunday in the Huntington St Patricks Day parade!
Great news for parents & students looking for a protein packed snack in the lunch line, and for NY's dairy industry: 
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
This morning Senator Shaheen reiterated her opposition to any online sales tax legislation that doesn’t exempt New Hampshire businesses. Shaheen issued her call in advance of a House Judiciary Committee hearing on proposed online sales tax legislation.   “Online sales tax legislation would put a huge burden on small businesses in New Hampshire that do business over the internet,” Shaheen said.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1izODGK 
Glad to meet today with Christine Stapleton and Denise Phipps, two of Josh Hardy’s teachers and two of his biggest fans. They set up a meeting with me earlier this week to help rally support for getting Josh the medication he needed. We were already working on the problem, but they still decided to come up to the Hill to talk about Josh and what a great kid he is. They provided an update on Josh’s condition and put in perspective how badly Josh needed this drug. I am so grateful for their work, the work of the whole #SaveJosh community, and so glad we could help find a solution!
I joined dozens of my colleagues on the Senate floor yesterday as part of the all-night #Up4Climate effort to call for action on climate change.  I shared stories of people who wrote to me about what they thought the world would look like in 25 years if we do nothing to address this issue. Americans see what is happening to our environment, they see the paralysis of our politics, and they see we are headed down a dangerous path. We are on the cusp of a climate crisis, but we are also at a time of great opportunity. Watch my remarks: 
