I wrote a piece for CNN.com on how we can avoid this self-inflicted wound to our economy: http://www.cnn.com/2013/02/06/opinion/boxer-avert-sequester/index.html
The Family & Medical Leave Act -- the first & only federal law focused on helping workers manage their work/life balance -- was signed by President Clinton 20 years ago today. Show Wisconsin working families that you stand with them -- 'like' & share!
NA
Incredible, inspirational buzzer beater last night for Newtown High School Basketball senior night! Great to see you guys as the #1 play on ESPN!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AmnabttACI
Last Friday I had a chance to sit down for an interview on the  The Kojo Nnamdi Show. We discussed the 113th Congress- Senate Rules Changes- The Nomination of Chuck Hagel- Gun Legislation- Fiscal Issues- Sequestration- DC Statehood- and more. 
 
 
 
 http://thekojonnamdishow.org/audio-player?nid=22768
I'm disappointed in the Postal Service's decision to move to 5-day mail delivery, but at the same time it's hard to condemn the actions the Postmaster General is taking just to keep the lights on at USPS. We've known the solution for some time: Congress needs to act to pass postal reform that helps USPS cut costs and raise new revenues. The Senate did that last year, but now all of Congress must act swiftly to get this done. I'm making it a top priority.
NA
The Violence Against Women Act is a bipartisan piece of legislation that has helped countless victims of domestic violence in our nation and across Pennsylvania. Congress should pass it right away. I’m pleased that this bill contains the Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act which I authored to bring much-needed reforms and resources to victims of domestic and sexual violence on college campuses.
This week, the University of Notre Dame received top rankings from the Peace Corps for outstanding alumni service across the globe. Notre Dame has 23 active members of the Peace Corps representing the organization abroad. Share this post with your friends and let’s continue to honor Hoosiers who commit to public service in the U.S. and around the world.
Tomorrow, Hoosier astronaut and Notre Dame alum Kevin Ford will participate in a 20 minute question and answer session via a long distance video call to members of the Indiana State Senate. This event will be shown on the chamber’s main video board and will be streamed over the Senate’s website. Schools from across the state are invited to watch. For tomorrow’s video stream, please visit the link attached to this post.
I am glad the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act passed its first Senate hurdle on Monday. We should pass it immediately.
NA
According to the CDC, the flu season can last until may. Please make sure to get your flu shot.
NA
NA
Looking forward to learning more about Interior Secretary nominee Sally Jewell's priorities, especially for Indian Country & energy
Watch Senator Leahy’s closing arguments just before the Senate voted Monday night to bring the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) to the Senate Floor.
$8.6 million in federal community development block grant funding is coming to Maryland to help those hit by Super-Storm Sandy to rebuild lives, livelihoods & communities. I saw first-hand those on the Lower Shore working to recover & rebuild and fought hard to expand CDBG funding in the face of this terrible disaster.
NRA "enemies list" shows just how staggeringly out of touch they are:
“We won a hard-fought battle in the Senate last year with strongly bipartisan postal reform that would have put the Postal Service on the path to sound financial footing, protected rural post offices, and provided strict criteria for the Postal Service to meet before eliminating six-day delivery. Unfortunately, instead of passing the bill, the Republicans in the U.S. House abandoned rural America and allowed the legislation to die. And this is the result of their inaction—an unnecessary loss for business, rural families and the principle of compromise,” Claire said after the United States Postal Service announced today it would end Saturday mail delivery in August. 
 
 More here: http://1.usa.gov/XODvv5
Senator Shaheen released the following statement applauding the New Hampshire Executive Council's decision to move forward with a study exploring the viability of a commuter rail along the Merrimack River corridor from Massachusetts to Concord:   “I’m pleased that the Executive Council is moving forward with this important viability study that will help officials make critical decisions about moving forward with this project.  The Capitol Corridor rail project, which is funded almost entirely by federal resources, is a business friendly venture that has tremendous potential to create new jobs across southern New Hampshire while also easing traffic for commuters.”
Smart investments in Montana's transportation system — like our highways and bridges — strengthen our economy and support our small businesses.  That's why I'm telling the President that the next Transportation Secretary must be a strong advocate for rural America. http://1.usa.gov/VVHer7
The public does not want us to cut Social Security.  Social Security has not contributed in any significant way to the national debt.  And yet, some people keep putting it back on the table, most recently as Chained CPI.  This is a mistake and we need to fight back. http://1.usa.gov/Wt7B9I
 
 Click the SHARE button if you agree with Sheldon.
We need your help picking a winter-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
"Ms. Pinto’s dreams and her drive represent the promise of so many young people across Virginia. Her story reminds each of us that our commonwealth will become stronger when we create a responsible pathway to legal status for undocumented immigrants and their children."  -Sen. Warner to the Richmond Times-Dispatch (staff)
