Joyce Roessler, Board Director at Repairers of the Breach in Milwaukee, describes the holiday season at the center, which provides help to the city's homeless:    "The sincere gratitude and relief the homeless, staff, and board members at Repairers of the Breach feel as we watch other non-profit organizations, church groups, civic organizations, corporations, youth groups, and many individuals bringing warm winter clothing, bag lunches, large casseroles, large containers of chili and soup, bakery and bread to our shelter, and then often staying to pray or visit with us is nothing short of beautiful people helping beautiful people."
Rose Collier, from Port Washington, volunteers at a local nursing home, sharing the gift of music with her elderly neighbors:  "I live down the block from a community nursing home.  As a musician and teacher, I am aware of the importance of music for the soul and the brain.  I decided to present a sing-along once a week for an hour for the enjoyment and participation of the residents. I started with "old and easy" songs and graduated to songs from musicals. To my surprise, the residents have learned them, including many tricky rhythms and difficult words, remember them and even request them.  We are branching out, singing our heads off, smiling and laughing and raising spirits weekly.  Attendance continues to grow.  This has been a wonderful, eye-opening experience for me and a joy to some of the loneliest people in our society."
Mary Ann Krems in Stevens Point serves those in need by volunteering at her church to help prepare holiday meals:  "We participate with our church in providing a meal for those alone on Christmas Day.  Last year we served 168 plus carryouts and deliveries. We are cooking again for 300 as we know the hunger issues are increasing."
Here's the fifth of five ACA benefits for the First State.
 
 Find out more and enroll at http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance
Fargo Office
Bismarck Office
The holiday season is a time for all of us to reflect on the past year & think about our hopes for 2014.  To all of my Facebook friends: Happy holidays & best wishes for a happy, healthy & prosperous New Year.  If you have a chance, check out my annual holiday message to New Jerseyans.
Joined Santa on his early visit to Connecticut Children's!
It may only be Tuesday (#tbt still applies, right?), but we're sending you this little throwback picture to kick off your holiday festivities. May you have a very Merry Christmas surrounded by those you love. *Photo credit: National Archives
