Stopping the sales of these products to minors is a critical step that will help protect our children from a lifetime of nicotine addiction.   The FDA was also right to propose barring e-cigarette companies from making unproven health claims and requiring them to disclose the harmful ingredients in their products.  Now it is time for the Administration to take the next important step by banning the outrageous marketing of e-cigarettes to our kids, including the use of candy flavors and cartoon advertisements that are shamelessly designed to lure and addict them. 
Net Neutrality preserves all of our rights to communicate freely online, and have equal access to any legal content we choose. Reports of the FCC’s recent proposal are alarming — this kind of pay-to-play system would incentivize broadband providers to manage broadband scarcity, rather than build the high-speed communications infrastructure of the 21st century.  http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/24/technology/fcc-new-net-neutrality-rules.html  The internet is an incredible tool that enables innovation, education, the free flow of ideas, and so much more. I plan to keep a close eye on this proposal as it develops, and work to ensure that the internet remains a free and open platform for consumers and innovators, not a walled garden for wealthy companies.
Great to see Hillary Clinton last night at UConn! She's an inspiration to so many young leaders throughout the country.
#MD and the #ChesapeakeBay lost a true friend with the passing of Torrey Brown. I had the pleasure of serving with Torrey in the Maryland General Assembly and working with him when he headed Access DNR.   
I’m thrilled about the launch of a new online tool that simplifies and integrates the wealth of employment resources available to service members and their families.  The Veterans Employment Center is the first one-stop shop that our veterans can use to market their unique qualifications, to connect with employers, and to find rewarding careers as they transition back to civilian life.  http://1.usa.gov/Qy8EFA
This week we celebrate the 148th anniversary of the incorporation of the city of #Scranton. #TBT
My thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of the Americans killed and the medical personnel injured in Kabul this morning. These individuals generously gave their time helping to treat women and children with disabilities in Afghanistan. Their dedication and selfless service is remarkable.   While Afghanistan has made tremendous gains in the last decade, specialized health services such as those provided at the Cure International Hospital in Kabul are often unavailable. I deeply appreciate the work of the organizations that provide much needed medical care for women and children in Afghanistan and applaud those medical professionals who have made the sacrifice to help build a better, healthier world for all.
Joined by families and advocates from SW PA, I'm pushing for a quick vote on #ABLE Act.
NA
This Saturday is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. Do your part to help end prescription drug abuse, a problem that claims a life every 25 minutes, by safely disposing your unused prescription drugs. To learn more and find a collection site near you, visit http://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/.
Get outside for National Park Week. Visit Half Dome at Yosemite National Park—4,737 ft high from the bottom of Yosemite Valley!
VETERANS: The Department of Veterans Affairs has launched a one-stop shop with job opportunities for returning service members. Be sure to visit!
More photos from Grant County! A productive day discussing how we make the economic recovery work for all New Mexicans.
Joined U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx in Fargo to talk about how funding for rural highways is the most important transportation issue facing the state of North Dakota. Because products often come from or must pass through rural America to reach coastal markets, the entire nation is well served by significant federal investment to improve surface transportation infrastructure in states like North Dakota. That’s why we need to pass a long-term reauthorization of the federal transportation bill which expires in September, so that we are supporting rural transportation throughout North Dakota.
U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx visited Casselton today and we talked about how as rail traffic has increased, we must make sure our communities that have rail lines nearby are fully protected, which I have continued to push for. The success of North Dakota’s energy industry comes at additional costs, a fact that the communities of Casselton, Jamestown, and Fargo are more aware of than most. After the train derailment in Casselton last December, I have been in direct contact with Secretary Foxx and other federal agencies, local officials, North Dakota families, and industry. I’m committed to making sure safety is everyone’s top priority as we move forward. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b6c0245c-0c76-45ea-b1e1-3b0328f1f1b7
As Chairwomen of the Senate Agriculture Subcommittee on Jobs, Rural Economic Grown and Energy Innovation, I’m holding a Senate hearing to take an in-depth look at what has worked to boost economic development and what can be done in rural areas to achieve long-term, sustainable economic growth. Because of the recently passed Farm Bill, there are many ways North Dakotans can harness federal resources to support and build their communities. Grafton’s Dawn Keeley, Executive Director of the Red River Regional Council, will testify. Tune in live on Thursday, May 1 at 9:00 a.m. CT 
Honored to speak at the North Dakota Community Action Partnership Annual Conference today to highlight its commitment to serving low-income North Dakotans. The programs that Community Action supports across our state, like Head Start and workforce development, invest in our most valuable resource -- our people. My uncle worked at one of these programs in Minnesota, and I know firsthand the importance of the support they give to families in need.
In Honor of #NationalParkWeek, I put together a list of my favorite hikes in Virginia. Follow the link below to view the list! 
In today's Pilot op-ed my friend Evan Wolfson and I share why we believe Virginians, and all Americans, should have the freedom to marry. Take a moment to read our op-ed, then Like and Share if you agree that we must continue to advance Jefferson's ideal of equality for all.   
Has a great visit at Joint Base MDL today.   Whenever I visit I’m reminded of the deep & abiding patriotism that is palpable at the base.  New Jersey is proud of the base & proud of all who serve & have served there in the past.
Great lunch at DiPasquale’s in Highlandtown this week celebrating the 100th anniversary of this great East Baltimore establishment doing good throughout the community. As a Highlandtown native & daughter of small business owners, I know the importance small businesses play in weaving social fabric throughout communities. Hip hop hooray to Joe & the entire DiPasquale family! Here’s to the next 100. And as my mother always said, don’t forget the mild hots!
So pleased the Veterans Employment Center has finally become a reality. Veterans and transitioning servicemembers deserve a simple, consolidated, and reliable source to connect with employers and search for all available good-paying jobs. This online tool and joint effort is just the beginning of what we can do together to help our veterans quickly apply their military skills to the civilian job market.  For more information, including a link to the Veterans Employment Center, please click here: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=39def6ba-5b7c-46a1-a5d2-a7faf4203ddc
ICYMI: The fact that IRS employees with conduct issues and federal tax compliance problems are receiving bonuses is completely unacceptable and must be remedied immediately. Read the letter I wrote to the IRS Commissioner on this issue:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d7b1b8aa-f2d8-4f03-9e79-57dd40ad5405 
National Drug Take Back Day is this Saturday, April 26 from 10:00 a.m.- 2:00 p.m.  This is a tremendous opportunity to safely dispose expired or unused medication and help reduce the risk of prescription drug abuse. In order to build strong, drug-free communities, we need to continue working together as a community. I urge all West Virginians from every corner of the state to locate their nearest drop-off location and clean out their medicine cabinets this Saturday. The service is free and anonymous, no questions asked.  To view a full list of drop-off site locations, please click here: http://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/index.html 
NA
#Tech meets dairy industry in upstate NY: 
To quote FDR: “Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people.” During National Park Week, let’s support our most treasured landscapes.
RIP Phyllis Galanti, Virginia's determined, heroic advocate for POW/MIAs. Our prayers to the Galanti family.
