Happy Earth Day everyone. What better way to celebrate our environment and our beautiful state than by getting out and exploring our national parks? From now until April 26th, national parks are waiving all entrance fees. So once the snow stops, I encourage everyone to get out there and celebrate "America's Best Idea," our national parks.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, met at the U.S. Capitol with the family of the late Sergei Magnitsky who died in a Russian prison. Natalya Magnitskaya (mother of Sergei Magnitsky), Natasha Magnitskaya (widow of Sergei Magnitsky) and Nikita Magnitsky (son of Sergei Magnitsky) are visiting the U.S. for the first time just one week after the Administration released the first list of sanctioned individuals required under the provisions of the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, which was authored by Senator Cardin.  “We applaud the courage of the Magnitsky family. Their son, husband and father exercised tremendous courage in doing what we hope that any citizen would do: As a young lawyer who discovered corruption, he reported it to local authorities. But as a result of doing the right thing, Sergei Magnitsky was arrested.  He was tortured. He was denied medical care and he died in a Russian prison.  “Sergei Magnitsky is an inspiration for human rights advocates around the world. He offers a legacy of courage and that people will in fact stand up for basic human rights,” Senator Cardin added.  “The work that the Magnitsky family is doing today -- being the face of this issue -- is so important. They personalize this human rights issue and help the international community understand that what happened in Russia cannot go unpunished.  “We now have a public list. If Russia would prosecute legitimate criminals who have committed these human rights violations, instead of wasting their time prosecuting a dead man who simply wanted to do the right thing, this list would not be necessary.  “It is our intention that this is an international standard. Those who violate human rights around the world are put on notice that they can no longer seek legitimacy and refuge when their home country fails to follow internationally recognized standards and the rule of law.”  Sergei Magnitsky was a 37-year-old Russian lawyer who uncovered massive fraud and corruption in Russia and then was arrested for his whistleblowing. He died in 2009 after suffering torturous conditions in pre-trial detention, being repeatedly denied medical treatment. Those who committed the corruption uncovered by Magnitsky and those responsible for his death have not been brought to justice. In some cases, they have been promoted since Magnitsky's death. Magnitsky currently is being tried posthumously. Since 2010, at the encouragement of Senator Cardin and his colleagues, the State Department has barred dozens of Russians implicated in Magnitsky's death from receiving travel visas.    http://www.cardin.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/cardin-thanks-sergei-magnitskys-family-for-their-sacrifice
I joined Sen. Chris Coons, Congressman John Carney, U.S. Attorney Charles Oberly III, Attorney General Beau Biden and New Castle County Police to posthumously honor Lt. Joe Szczerba with the Congressional Badge of Bravery Award. Lt. Szczerba died in the line of duty of Sept. 15, 2011, and is the first to receive this award in Delaware.
In case you missed Morning Joe.
Share this good news with your friends. The USDA awarded South Bend’s McKinley Primary Center the Gold Award of Distinction in its U.S. Healthier Schools contest. McKinley and Mabel K. Holland Elementary School of Fort Wayne were the two Hoosier schools honored with this award.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, the U.S. Department of Education of announced Guion Creek Middle School from Indianapolis as a Green Ribbon School honoree. In its second year, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency joins the Department of Education in selecting schools that demonstrated the best ways to cut costs, improve health, performance and equity as they provide education geared toward the job of the future.
Last week, Grand Design RV announced plans to locate its headquarters to Middlebury, adding up to 500 new jobs by 2016. Share this good news with your friends, and let’s continue to promote good economic news around Indiana.
VIDEO: I was on Fox News Sunday to discuss the Boston terror attacks.
I agree with the decision to try Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in federal criminal court, where he’s very likely to provide intelligence and receive a severe sentence.
Full day of Judiciary Committee hearings today on immigration legislation.
On Senate floor this week working on Marketplace Fairness. North Dakota businesses deserve a level playing field!
On Earth Day, two North Dakota water districts are receiving important federal funding.
I had a great discussion this afternoon with Oracle employees in Reston about ways we can attract talent to Virginia, including through immigration reform.
Have a great Earth Day and National Park Week. One of my favorite outdoor spots is Crabtree Falls in Nelson County. What are some of yours?
On Tuesday, April 22, Sen. Leahy held the second Judiciary Committee hearing on comprehensive immigration reform proposed by the bipartisan “Gang of Eight.”  Vermonters Alyson Eastman, of Orwell, and Commissioner of the Vermont Department of Tourism and Marketing Megan Smith, of Mendon, testified before the committee about immigration’s impact on several issues of particular importance to Vermont.
My op-ed in The Philadelphia Inquirer discusses how proud I am to be part of the Gang of Eight and this immigration reform milestone.
 
 Check out the excerpt below and read the full post here: http://bit.ly/14JbrBa
Just concluded my first Google hangout, thanks to all who asked questions or tuned in. We'll do another one very soon
I'll be starting my first Google hangout in 15 minutes. Tune in here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sbeczg5TaQ&feature=youtu.be
Senator Martin Heinrich and I are from different parts of the country, but we both know the environment must be a national priority. Check out our Earth Day op-ed here http://www.huffingtonpost.com/rep-martin-heinrich/earth-day-environmental-protection_b_3116927.html
NA
Thanks to all the volunteers who came out on Earth Day to help clean up Roger Williams Park pond.  Great working with you to help keep Rhode Island beautiful.
This week the Senate is considering bad-for-New Hampshire and bad-for-business Internet sales tax legislation. Senator Shaheen is opposes the tax and has released the following statement:   “This Internet sales tax legislation is bad for New Hampshire small businesses who shouldn’t be forced to collect sales taxes for other states.  I strongly oppose this measure because it would put a serious burden on small businesses that rely on the Internet to tap into growing markets, expand their operations, and create jobs.  Mandating that small businesses collect sales taxes for an additional 46 states and 9,600 tax jurisdictions would overload these entities with bureaucracy and red tape.   “Considering the myriad of problems with this legislation – including the absence of protections for small businesses in states without a sales tax – I have urged Senate leadership to consider this bill under regular order instead of fast-tracking it as they’re doing this week. I intend to file amendments to this bill to improve it because the Senate isn’t properly considering the ramifications of this measure.”
Today as we mark one week following the Boston Marathon bombings, please join in on a moment of silence honoring the victims of this horrific attack and their families.  Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick and Boston Mayor Thomas Menino have called for the minute of silence to take place at 2:50 p.m. this afternoon, the time the first of the two bombs exploded near the finish line one week ago.   In solidarity, Governor Hassan has called for the State of New Hampshire to join the people of the City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in this moment of silence.   Boston, we stand with you. #BostonStrong
ICYMI: Check out NBC News piece on how New Hampshire's ‘first in the nation’ status is getting a new meaning with the first and only all-female delegation!
Greeting Montana veterans at the World War II Memorial in Washington.
Happy Earth Day! In my blog post for Medium.com, I'm calling out polluters who want us to ignore the facts of climate change: https://medium.com/earth-today/18241f3a78e6
NA
On Earth day 2013, it’s important to not overlook what could be gained by greater emphasis on productivity. Every utility across the U.S. should connect with their customers and communities by better encouraging energy productivity. Meeting that challenge nationwide could add another 1.3 million jobs, cut carbon emissions and oil and gas imports by a third, boost GDP by 2 percent, and eliminate waste equal to the nation’s entire household credit card debt.”
At Port of Virginia HQ in Norfolk, talking about how national infrastructure bank would spur job growth and help America stay competitive.
Congrats to NASA Wallops and Orbital Sciences on today's successful Antares launch! VIDEO: http://t.co/MAoyGFtTWK
