The Tea Party government shutdown and threat of government default was an example of partisanship at its absolute worst. Wisconsinites, and citizens all across this country, deserve better. Now, we must work together towards passing a budget that grows our economy, invests in the middle class, and reduces the deficit without shortchanging our future. - TB
NA
Join me in taking a stand against bullying for #LGBTQ youth. On #SpiritDay, I am proud to stand with GLAAD!
Cardin Statement On Senate Passage Of Compromise To Reopen Government & Avoid Default   “The American people expect us to govern and not lurch from crisis to crisis. We cannot keep doing this to our country. Real people are getting hurt.”  WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee, released the following statement after the Senate voted 81-18 to approve a bipartisan deal that will reopen the federal government, provide backpay for federal workers, and allow for long-term negotiations on our federal budget.  “America is open for business once again. It took us too long to get to this point, but I am pleased that we were able to come to a bipartisan compromise to reopen the government, pay our bills and negotiate an end our long-term budget impasse. To the relief of millions of Americans, this agreement also gets our federal workers back on the job. I fought to ensure they would be made whole after this crisis concluded and I will continue to fight to keep them from being pawns in every budget battle that lies ahead.   “Shutting down the federal government and teetering on the edge of default hurt America’s economy and our reputation as the world economic leader. This cannot be repeated. The American people expect us to govern and not lurch from crisis to crisis. Our long-term negotiations must find a middle ground – we won’t get everything we want and neither will they. Working together, we should seize this opportunity to bring long-term stability and promote growth in our economy.”
Yesterday, my colleagues and I, Democrats and Republicans, voted to reopen our government and avert default. To me, and thousands of Delawareans, this whole episode was both disappointing and frustrating. It’s unfortunate that these antics over the last few years – and especially the last few weeks – continue to undermine our nation’s economic wellbeing. We now have a chance to reverse this trend by working together to pass a long-term budget agreement that invests in our future, grows our economy, addresses spending and revenue responsibly, and preserves entitlement programs for the long haul.   http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=482be365-f5ac-42ba-97c7-f52426114727
“’The dynamics were, everybody basically left their political label at the door and worked non-stop,' Donnelly said. ‘It was negotiation where a number of people had different positions. Nobody got 100 percent of what they want, but the goal was to make sure our nation was protected.’” – Terre Haute Tribune-Star Op-Ed.
Just a reminder for students applying for Service Academy Nominations through my office: the deadline to turn in your completed application is tomorrow, 10/18.
This bipartisan agreement reopens the federal government, averts a default on the nation's obligations, and allows thousands of New Mexicans to return to work. I'm relieved for the New Mexicans who suffered through this crisis. But the sad truth is that this was all avoidable. New Mexicans paid a heavy price because of the reckless and irresponsible antics of a small faction of Tea Party Republicans who were willing to risk economic calamity to get their way. Our economy desperately needs long-term stability. I hope that today's agreement, and the willingness shown by reasonable minds to work together, will mark the end of governing by manufactured crises and open the door to broader budget discussions and long-term solutions. Now is the time for Congress to return to what has always been my focus: restoring the middle-class and growing the economy.
It was great to have a chance to talk with North Dakota Representatives Kylie Oversen (District 42), Jessica Haak (District 12), and Joshua Boschee (District 44) today. I always enjoy the time I get to spend with North Dakota's great public servants.
Talked with Chuck Todd this morning on MSNBC about how I'm committed to having continued bipartisan discussions and making sure we don't get ourselves into this situation again.
North Dakotans deserve a government that doesn’t face manufactured crisis after crisis due to political posturing. I’ve been beyond frustrated by the gridlock we’ve seen in Washington – particularly over the last few weeks. But I'm proud to have worked with a bipartisan group of 13 other Senators on a compromise to re-open the federal government, prevent the U.S. from default, and put the country on a long-term path to address the deficit and reduce spending. The plan we put together helped pave the way for the bill the Senate and House passed last night.   It is my hope that the many reckless members of Congress who caused this pain on our economy and North Dakota families have learned their lesson. Holding our economy hostage is irresponsible. Because of their political games, we have wasted $160 million a day during the shutdown. And, we wasted time that could have been spent advancing policies crucial to North Dakota, like passing a Farm Bill and reducing flood insurance rates which just went up for millions of families.  The U.S. Congress now has a chance to act responsibly. We need to seek real, bipartisan solutions to address the spending problem our country faces and reduce our deficit. We must prove that we are a Congress worthy of the American people.
Thanks to the bipartisan efforts of my Senate colleagues, tens of thousands of furloughed workers in Virginia are back on the job today with certainty they will be paid back for the time they were unable to work due to the needless government shutdown. I’ve always said that solving our nation’s fiscal challenges in a divided Congress will require a bipartisan process where House and Senate, Democrat and Republican, agree to compromise for the good of the country. Last night, Congress came together around this principle and I’m hopeful both houses will act in the same spirit as we move to the budget conference table to find a long-term fiscal solution.
On Wednesday, Oct. 16, Senate President Pro Tempore Patrick Leahy presided over the Senate Chamber as the Senate passed bipartisan legislation to reopen the government and avoid default.
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/reaction-of-senator-patrick-leahy-d-vt-president-pro-tempore-to-the-senates-bipartisan-agreement_to-reopen-government-and-prevent-default
While I’m incredibly relieved we were able to bring the government shutdown to an end and avoid default on our nation’s debt, I’m also incredibly frustrated and disappointed another GOP-manufactured crisis put our nation so close to the brink.  
 
 The tactics of Tea Party Republicans inflicted extraordinary harm on our families and our economy for no good reason. None. And it cannot happen again.
 
 We must move beyond this crisis and get back to the work of rebuilding our economy and creating jobs.
My statement on the agreement to reopen the government and avoid default http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=346884
As the government reopens and thousands of Missourians are able to return to work, there’s a story you might have missed highlighting the importance of Claire’s work in the Senate to ensure consumers are protected against fraud, errors and abuse.   As Chairman of the Senate Consumer Protection Subcommittee, Claire stepped in and helped a young #Missouri man clear his credit history of errors not created by him, but were so large they were impacting his purchasing ability. As she told KCTV, “You shouldn't have to get a United States Senator to fix it for you. You should be able to fix it for yourself, quickly and efficiently.”
Although it is a good thing for our economy that yesterday Congress reached an agreement to reopen the government and prevent a default on our debt, Congress fulfilling its most basic duties is not cause for celebration.   These manufactured crises have caused great harm to our families and businesses across Oregon and across our nation. It is time for Congress to focus on what really matters: rebuilding an economy in which middle class families can find good jobs, pay for college, and plan for a secure retirement.
It is critical now that we work together and find a balanced approach to reducing our deficit, balancing our budget, and responsibly reining in out-of-control spending.  ICYMI: Watch my interview last night with Larry Kudlow on getting our fiscal house in order.
The bottom line is that we managed to avoid this self-inflicted wound to the national and global economy, but it is past time for America to get its financial house in order.   ICYMI: Last night I went on the record with Greta Van Susteren about working together as Americans, not as Democrats and Republicans, to move our country's finances in the right direction.
NA
Last night, the Republican-led House did the right thing. The House voted on a piece of legislation that earned strong bipartisan support. I served in the House. That's the way it used to be. There was never this "majority of the majority" nonsense. So I would hope that if we've learned nothing else from this, that we will now get rid of the stupid so-called "Hastert Rule."
The Republican government shutdown was not a great moment in our nation's history. But I hope we will all learn some lessons and commit to never inflicting this pain on the American people again.
Due to the federal government shutdown the deadline for United States Service Academy nominations has been extended to October 25th. Click here for additional information: http://1.usa.gov/16bWMji
Senator Shaheen released the following statement tonight after voting for a bipartisan plan to reopen the federal government and pay the country’s bills:   "I'm glad we were able to come together and pass a bipartisan plan tonight to reopen our government, which never should have been shut down, and avoid the catastrophic economic consequences of a default. Moving forward we need to develop a long-term plan to address our debt and deficits so we can avoid future manufactured crises that hurt jobs, the economy and our middle-class."
With your support, I stripped the Monsanto Protection Act out of the government funding bill.  This is a victory for Montanans over corporate special interests.  SHARE the photo below to join my fight for accountability and transparency.
I’m relieved that common sense has finally prevailed and we are able to reopen the federal government and pay our nation’s bills.  I hope that in the future we can continue to have serious conversations about our nation’s debt and deficit without a minority of members of Congress holding our nation and the economy hostage.
This shutdown and near-default crisis was entirely unnecessary and has harmed our economy and our reputation in the world.  I’m glad that the Senate was able to craft a bipartisan plan to move past the crisis, so we can turn to the real issues facing our country: creating jobs, supporting the middle class, and fighting climate change.  But we also can’t forget: we must never again allow extremist hostage-taking to create this disruption.  As Rhode Island continues recovering from the recession, we can’t afford these stratagems.
Make sure to register soon for the 2013 Virginia Women's Conference! The conference is free but you must preregister. Check out the full agenda at the link below. 
Strong bipartisan votes for CR & debt limit. I wish we'd done this 2 weeks ago, before harm to Virginia families & $20 billion hit to US economy.
The Senate has just passed a bill to reopen the government and make sure the United States doesn’t default on its debts. At a time when little kids are being kicked off Head Start, seniors are being pushed out of Meals on Wheels, and scientists can't get the funding to do their research, a crisis like this is just taking billions of dollars and flushing it down the drain. I'll work hard with my colleagues to make sure we don't end up in this mess again.
