VIDEO: Tammy tells Andrea Mitchell Reports the Employment Non-Discrimination Act represents America’s core values of freedom, fairness and opportunity.
Today we celebrate our nation’s veterans who’ve made sacrifices to keep America safe. Thank you for your service and happy Veterans Day! - TB
Today we come together to honor the bravery and dedication of the men and women of the armed forces who have served tirelessly in every corner of the globe to protect our safety at home. While the troops of today face different threats and different challenges than the troops of the past, they are all united in their commitment to our country and their desire to serve. As we celebrate these heroes on Veterans Day, we should reflect on the great debt we owe the members of our military, and their families, and how we can best honor their service and sacrifice. This includes ensuring that we welcome our service members home with respect, gratitude, and opportunity.
We should honor our veterans every day, but I believe that this annual holiday is especially important as it allows us to reflect on the true aspect of the sacrifices that our service members have made.
Our veterans provide so much to our nation that one day alone could never be enough to thank them. We owe them our sincere commitment to providing them with everything they need to adjust to life when they come out of the military.
Today we’re #HonoringVets on Nov. 11 for the 75th year since the day was first dedicated as national holiday in 1938. Read the history here: http://1.usa.gov/1bdSTK8
On Veterans Day, we come together to honor the courageous actions of our brave men and women, past and present, who have served to defend our nation. Our Armed Forces have always answered the call to duty.  Every day, but especially on Veterans Day, I am grateful for our servicemembers, past and present, and I remain committed to ensuring they have every opportunity and resource they need when they return home. 
 
 Around Veteran’s Day I am always reminded of something my father once said: ‘We pray for the military families and for their loved ones serving around the globe; we also pray that we may be worthy of their valor.’ So as we rightly praise our veterans in word today, we must also ensure that our actions in Congress and throughout the federal government provide for the needs of our brave veterans. 
 
 I look forward to continue working with my colleagues in Congress on the important issues facing our veterans, servicemembers and their families. I hope Pennsylvanians will join me in thanking the veterans and servicemembers for their service and sacrifice and in honoring these heroes throughout the year.
"As Americans across the nation celebrate military heroes past and present, we must sustain our commitment to ensuring all returning veterans receive the benefits they have earned and the resources they need to succeed here at home. America’s highly trained and uniquely talented veterans bring valuable skills and expertise to the civilian workforce, and we can and should do more to connect them to high quality jobs upon their return."
#GoodNews: According to the Economic Development Corp. of Elkhart County, since 2010, 7,025 jobs have been announced for the Elkhart County economy and more than 4,000 of those have been filled already.
I am honored to commemorate Veterans Day with the community in Gallup today. The tradition of answering the call of duty runs deep in New Mexico's history.  Let us reaffirm our promise to our returning troops and their families, and remember that our commitments to those who have served are commitments we must honor not only on Veterans Day, but every day.
Remembering to Fight for our Veterans By Senator Heidi Heitkamp   Six years ago, Eric Marts was in Iraq.  He had joined the National Guard and was deployed to Fallujah for 22 months.  While on patrol outside Fallujah, he was hit by a roadside bomb that exploded.  Eric survived, but the bomb fully blinded him.  After returning home, Eric visited a blind rehab center, undergoing months of rehabilitation, and received a guide dog, Deacon, who has been Eric’s eyes ever since.  Dedicated to helping and inspiring others, Eric now has his own radio show in Fargo on WDAY AM 970 on Saturday mornings called Heroes of the Heartland that focuses on servicemembers, veterans, and families – offering an outlet for those who have served to reach each other and share their stories.    Eric’s is a story of a man overcoming great obstacles and persevering.  It’s a story of success.  But it could have turned out very differently.  All across the country we hear about servicemembers coming home from Iraq, Afghanistan, and other places across the globe, struggling to catch themselves and integrate back into society.  We hear about the high rates of suicide and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder among veterans, and see the internal pain so many of them face.  We hear about the large numbers of unemployed young veterans struggling to transition to civilian jobs. And we hear about the high rates of homelessness among veterans of all ages unable to support themselves.  These aren’t just statistics – they’re real, personal stories for so many families.  And I’m determined to make sure we do everything we can to give our veterans the care and support they have courageously earned.  When I met with veterans, including Eric, in six cities across North Dakota in July, I listened to their stories, witnessed the pain on many of their faces, and pledged to fight for them.  It’s our responsibility to make sure that we don’t just thank our veterans for their service – an important first step – but that we actually fight for them, just as they fought for us.    That means making sure they get the job training they deserve so they can get good jobs after leaving the military.  It means making sure they get the mental health services they need to combat PTSD and heal other mental wounds.  It means making sure they get the compensation and benefits they absolutely earned.  And it means making sure they get the education they deserve.  In our state, we understand the call to service as North Dakotans serve in the military at four times the rate of other states.  There are nearly 60,000 veterans in North Dakota, and we have had 19 Medal of Honor winners – the highest military distinction.  We all have parents, grandparents, siblings, or neighbors who have answered that call.  The strong support for our military and veterans can be seen in every day North Dakota families.  We are a state that waves American flags because we are deeply proud of our country, freedoms, and those who work so hard to defend them.  We’re dedicated to making sure our children have the same sense of thoughtful patriotism and understanding of service.  And we refuse to take for granted what so many before us have fought so hard to protect.    We also see the proud sense of service throughout the state in our Air Force Bases, National Guard units, veterans clinics, and VA medical centers.  Just recently, the Fargo VA added health care professionals to provide more extensive support for veterans.  Soon the Devils Lake veterans clinic will become a reality, offering tele-health service for veterans in rural communities to connect them with the best doctors across the state, and offer on-site staffing for veterans in the area.   These are important signs of progress, but we still have a very long way to go to make sure each and every veteran who needs help, is able to find it.  That’s my commitment to the veterans of North Dakota – I will continue fighting for you, just as you fought for me.  Around this Veterans Day, and every day, I encourage North Dakotans to say thank you to our veterans and to also pledge to fight for them.  They have served us with great courage, dedication, and selflessness.  And they deserve nothing less than our 100 percent commitment to standing up for them.
I recorded a brief message to thank our nation's veterans. I hope you'll take a look & join me in honoring their service today.
By ratifying the Disability Treaty, we could help American veterans working, studying & traveling abroad.
  
 This Veterans Day, learn more & take action: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/crpd
On Veterans Day and every day, let’s thank our men and women who serve.
  
 SHARE the photo below to salute our great American heroes.
“For more than two centuries, through times of turmoil and peace, America has counted on its troops to protect and preserve the freedoms we often take for granted. And over the past decade, we’ve seen thousands of servicemembers return home to civilian life as new veterans. It’s nothing short of a moral obligation that we stand by our veterans as they have stood by us. As I spend the holiday weekend with my kids and grandkids, I’ll take pride in sharing with them—just as my parents and grandparents shared with me—how the sacrifice our military veterans have made for our country is something to be honored and remembered. And I’ll continue fighting to ensure Congress lives up to its promises to our nation’s veterans.” -Claire
The sacrifices and patriotism of the men and women who have served this country know no bounds. They have served with unparalleled honor and distinction. It doesn’t seem right that our nation pays our brave veterans tribute only once a year. We should thank our veterans every day for their unwavering devotion and passion to the greatest country in the world. Fortunately, America has long been committed to honoring our veterans, and we must continue to make sure they have access to the best care, medical services, benefits, educational opportunities and good-paying jobs our country has to offer.  As we approach the 50th anniversary of our dear President John F. Kennedy’s assassination, I recall his words to express our sincere gratitude to our veterans: ‘We must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.  So today, as West Virginians and Americans across our great nation celebrate Veterans Day, I encourage us all to thank a veteran and honor our veterans not just today, but every day.
Today, we honor those who served as well as their families. Happy Veterans Day!
Incredibly grateful for all who have served and sacrificed for our country. Thank you all for everything you've done to keep us safe and protect our freedoms. Happy Veterans Day.
As we come together to honor our veterans, let us recommit ourselves to ensuring all veterans who have courageously defended our nation receive the support they deserve.  That is why Senator Schatz is fighting to finally give all Filipino World War II veterans the benefits they were promised.  “What our Filipino veterans are asking for is simple and straightforward—to be recognized for the service that they performed for the U.S. during the Second World War, and to have access to the benefits that they were promised,” U.S. Senator Brian Schatz said. “I am committed to advancing their interests and ensuring that they are recognized as American veterans.”  http://www.thefilipinochronicle.com/hfchronicle%20Coverstory-1A_11092013.html
“America would not be what it is without the bravery of our men and women in uniform, and we owe them our deepest gratitude. We have a responsibility to honor this service with not just our words, but with our deeds as well. We need to remember the sacrifices that our veterans, as well as their families, have made to protect us, and remember that we owe them nothing less than the same commitment they have showed us. Honoring the promises we have made to veterans means making sure they have all the benefits, care, and resources they have earned — and that includes a good job when they come home from duty. On this day and all others, we must never forget their service.”
Today is Veterans Day.  LIKE and SHARE this photo to remind a friend to join us in honoring the service and sacrifices of veterans and their families.  As your Senator, I will work every day to make sure this nation keeps its promises to our veterans.
Today is a special day to remember all the men and women of our armed forces who have fought to keep our nation free. We have a proud tradition of military service in our state, and I am proud to join New Mexicans and all Americans to honor their sacrifice.
  
 As long as I have the privilege of representing our veterans, I will never stop working to ensure they receive the benefits they have earned, and the support they deserve. To all the veterans in New Mexico and those serving around the world, and to your families, thank you for your sacrifice to our state and our nation.
Happy Veteran's Day to the more than 800,000 military vets in Virginia and their families. We are so grateful for your service and sacrifices. A special thanks today also to the folks at William and Mary's Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic, who are leading the way to help reduce the vets claims backlog.
Veterans Day is a chance to stop and say thank you to all the men and women who have put their lives on the line to wear the uniform and defend our nation.  All three of my brothers served in the military, and I understand the important contributions our servicemembers and their families make to our country every single day.  You make us proud. We are grateful for your courage, your dedication, and your sacrifice.
