Senators shouldn't scapegoat. Read and share my op-ed:
College GameDay live from the Baltimore Inner Harbor! Two great schools, an amazing tradition but- there can only be 1 winner.   #GoNavy
“This bill is about fixing a mistake that would have cost more than 500 Delaware jobs.”
I remind everyone that at 12:00 AM midnight tonight, the United States government runs out of money. A small group of Republicans are objecting to a way forward.  Senator Dick Durbin and I explain what is going on here:
I'm honored to be returning to the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee in 2015, which puts me in an exciting position to fight for issues that will help create jobs and build New Mexico's economy - from trade and transportation to technology and the rapidly evolving space industry.  Our state has all the building blocks for a strong high-tech sector, including our universities and research facilities, entrepreneurs and established companies that want to commercialize new technologies. Now is the time to encourage innovation and investments that will benefit our state and national economy for years to come. We are also at a critical point in the expansion of broadband Internet, which is vital for small business, education and health care, particularly in rural communities. I intend to use my position to step up the fight to ensure every community in New Mexico has high-speed Internet access. Since my days as New Mexico's Attorney General, I have worked to strengthen consumer protection. I'm proud of my contributions to keep drunk drivers from getting behind the wheel, improve youth sports safety, prevent cell phone ‘bill shock,' and protect consumers from fraud, and the Commerce Committee gives me a position to fight to ensure New Mexicans have the tools they need to protect themselves and their families.  The Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee has broad jurisdiction over federal agencies and laws that govern aviation, communications, consumer affairs, highway and pipeline safety, railroads, science, and space policies.
We were sent to Washington to work for the American people, not Citigroup. Watch the floor speech I just gave here. http://youtu.be/DJpTxONxvoo
