It is distressing that the Supreme Court struck down an important Massachusetts law that protected women from violence and intimidation, but it is still a crime to harm, threaten or obstruct women as they enter clinics.  Because the Supreme Court makes clear that women entering clinics have a right to be protected, I will work to find every possible tool to do just that. 
It's been exactly one year since the Senate passed immigration reform. The #TimeIsNow for Speaker John Boehner to call a vote.
Another #TBT: a year ago today, the Democratic-lead Senate passed bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform. It’s time for House Republicans to bring this to a vote. Share this.
The Supreme Court ruling on DOMA one year ago today gave gay spouses legal standing, but stopped short of legalizing same-sex marriage. For #TBT we remember the day the ruling came down, the impact it had on so many families in Connecticut and throughout the US, and the fight still to come. Watch and share: http://j.mp/1yREajI 
With a final vote of 95-3, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (#WIOA) has passed in the Senate! This bipartisan, bicameral legislation is key to improving Connecticut Job Corps Centers by giving new resources and renewed focus to the skills needed by the long-term unemployed. I hope this strong show of bipartisanship in the Senate will continue: http://j.mp/1qx7oPS 
Today I cosponsored legislation authored by Senator  Bernie Sanders  to give federal regulators emergency power to stop speculators from taking advantage of turmoil in #Iraq to drive up oil prices and make motorists pay more for gasoline.  Wall Street has pushed up the price of crude oil by more than 5 percent since June 12, when #militants attacked and took control of several Iraqi cities. In the longer term, oil prices have risen 53 percent since 2009.    While developments in Iraq have had no impact on the supply of gasoline in the United States today, gas is more expensive now than it’s been in six years at the beginning of the summer driving season, according to #AAA.  The increase has occurred despite the fact that the supply of gasoline is 4.3 percent higher and demand is 1 percent lower than it was five years ago, when national gas prices averaged $2.69 a gallon.
There is no logical reason why gas prices should continue to rise if oil supplies are up and demand is down. Big Oil and Wall Street speculators are preying on Americans’ pocketbooks and it’s just wrong. Using the ongoing conflict in Iraq and every other geopolitical excuse possible to increase profits is a truly disappointing tactic to artificially inflate the price of oil. Our bill reigns in the excessive and malicious speculation that should have no place in the market.  Read more...  
#TBT   365 days ago U.S. Senate Democrats and Republican Senators  passed a bipartisan #ImmigrationReform bill. What is the House waiting on? House #GOP should allow a vote.  #TimeIsNow
Protecting our environment used to be a nonpartisan issue. Sadly- these days all the attacks on the nonpartisan U.S. Environmental Protection Agency are staunchly partisan.   
#MoreThanAProfile
Last year I welcomed the president’s comprehensive Climate Action Plan – and I am thankful that one year later the president continues to march forward implementing this plan to protect our environment and grow our economy.
It was a pleasure to meet with Indiana FFA students from across the state today. Thanks for visiting!
Congratulations to the US Men’s National Soccer Team on advancing to the knockout round, and to Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley and former Notre Dame standout Matt Besler as #USMNT continues to make us proud in the #WorldCup. #OneNationOneTeam
Good luck to Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley, Notre Dame alum Matt Besler and the entire US Men’s National Soccer Team against Germany in their third match of the #WorldCup today. #USAvGER #LetsDoThis #OneNationOneTeam
Batter up. #CBG2014
My letter with Senator Flake and 40 other senators calls on the White House to counter misinformation about immigration laws.
Today is International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. We must prevent and treat abuse, as well as prosecute traffickers. 
The Senate passed bipartisan immigration reform 365 days ago. I remain committed to finding solutions. We can’t wait any longer to take action.
Congrats to the men’s U.S. Soccer team for advancing to the next round of the #WorldCup.
Mi entrevista con Univision 26 - El Paso sobre la importancia de arreglar nuestro roto sistema migratorio. 
Good luck to the men’s U.S. Soccer  team in today's match against Germany! #USAvGER #IBelieve
Great to meet another North Dakota Presidential Scholar and soon to be Yale freshman Haleigh Larson and her family today.
Williston native Linda Harris and her granddaughters took a break from Grandma Camp to stop by my office today.
Chatted with Grand Forks residents Ed and Kelly Christ and their granddaughters today.
Today Hess Corporation committed funds for the University of North Dakota’s Petroleum Engineering Program to encourage more students to be trained for North Dakota’s new oil and gas jobs, build on our state’s job corps, and help encourage our bright, young students to stay in our state. With more than 27,000 job openings in our state – many in the energy sector – we want to do everything possible to encourage North Dakotans to fill those jobs. UND – which I’m a proud graduate of – and Hess Corporation are successfully working to building the next generation of oil and gas workers right here in North Dakota. 
Greatly appreciate Republican Congressman Tom Cole from Oklahoma introducing my Commission on Native Children bill in the U.S. House of Representatives. Congressman Cole has a strong history of working for Native American families both as a Congressman and as a member of the Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma. We have an important responsibility to honor our commitments to Native children and my bill will help make that possible by addressing the challenges they face facing and giving them opportunities to excel and thrive. 
Now that summer is officially here, you can enjoy countless events and activities across Virginia. From mountain music festivals, to pirates, and a pony swim, the Commonwealth has an endless supply of cultural, musical, and sporting events each summer. Below is a list of some of my summer favorites, but I'm always looking for more. Share your favorites with me in the comments section below!
#TBT  It has been 365 days since the Senate passed its comprehensive immigration reform bill, and 365 days later House Republican leaders refuse to act.  One year ago, as Floor manager of the bill and the debate Senator Leahy spoke on the Senate Floor to urge the Senate to act.  The #TimeIsNow #CIR.
It’s outrageous how much this country spends to lock up a single child for a non-violent offense. In Connecticut it's $134,000 per year, per kid, on average. But what’s even worse is this country’s lack of support for policies that get kids back on the right track. When we lock up a child, not only are we wasting millions of taxpayer dollars, we’re setting him or her up for failure in the long run. The system as it exists now is unfair to everyone involved and needs to be changed.   Today I introduced the Better Options for Kids Act, which supports community organizations that are doing the right thing and putting kids on the right path with smart policies that are proven to reduce youth incarceration. We need to quit being so irresponsible and facilitate better outcomes for youth.
Claire loved taking questions directly from the participants at this year's Missouri Girls State in Warrensburg. Although still in Washington, Claire had the chance to answer these aspiring lawmakers questions on a variety of issues via video conference from her Senate office.
Have you ever found yourself disputing a bill with your cable, satellite, or other pay-TV provider - or confronted with deceptive billing or excessive fees? If you have, you’re not alone. That’s why Claire's asking folks like you to share your personal stories (confidentially) and tips about dealing firsthand with your cable, satellite, or other pay-TV provider, because it's time consumers get protection from confusing or deceptive billing practices. Tell Claire - who leads the Senate Consumer Protection Subcommittee - your story at: www.mccaskill.senate.gov/submityourscam/
“Student loan debt is crushing the American Dream that higher education was meant to foster.”  University of Oregon graduate Emma Kallaway testified at my hearing yesterday on what we can do to take on student loan debt.  Listen to her full testimony here:
Hope & Main, Rhode Island's first full-service food business incubator, is set to open its doors this summer in Warren.  Check out this video to learn about how this project came together, and what it means for the future of Rhode Island’s food economy:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQNVwQN1zag 
Today marks the 365th day that the Republican House has sat on its hands, refusing to fix our broken immigration system.  The immigration platform of the many in the Republican Party: deport first, find solutions later – or never. Our nation cannot deport our way out of this problem.   Immigration reform is about families. We must remain a nation that values families, and sees the family structure as the cornerstone of our communities.
One year ago today the SCOTUS #DOMA decision pushed our nation to be even more just, even more free. Congrats again Edie!  
Looking forward to the 2nd half - #GoUSA #USMNT
Today the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a rule intended to protect women from intimidation and harassment when seeking reproductive health care.  Women have the right to make their own health care decisions in private.  I am deeply disappointed by today’s decision that weakens a woman’s right to privacy.
DC split screen: one eye on CSPAN and the other on ESPN today. Go Team USA! #1N1T
