Exerpt from today's Senate Finance hearing  re: Sex Trafficking and Exploitation in America: Child Welfare's Role in Prevention and Intervention with Baltimore witnesses from  FAIR Girls    Human trafficking is a menace no one should endure. We often think of this issue as one that occurs in faraway nations but too often it happens here in the United States. We can do much more to help end sex trafficking here and overseas. No victim of human trafficking should ever be defined by that experience.  By empowering victims and caring for them, we can help them move beyond the past, and embrace a more hopeful future.
Ben- I was proud to attend the dedication of the Flora M. Singer Elementary School in Silver Spring last night with Chris Van Hollen.
On Monday, the Senate passed a farm bill that cuts wasteful spending, boosts agricultural job programs and improves conservation and our environment. This bill includes specific provisions that I was proud to sponsor to help a wide variety of folks in Delaware, from poultry growers on Delmarva to conservationists who work to protect the Chesapeake Bay Watershed to farmers at Magee Farms, which I visited last month. I hope the House takes up a farm bill right away so Congress can finish the important work of reforming and improving our nation’s food and agricultural policies.
Congress needs to come together in a bipartisan fashion to prevent this significant rate hike on student loans before July 1st. Doubling the rate for federally subsidized college loans would be bad for students and families and could have a serious impact on the economy. With the cost of higher education rising, it’s important that Congress stake steps to prevent this rate hike. I’m hopeful that Democrats and Republicans can reach consensus on this issue.
Issac Carbajal was brought to the United States from Mexico by his mother when he was just five years old.  He and his mother settled in a suburb of Portland, Oregon. While he was in high school, a military recruiter told Issac that he could have a promising career in the Armed Forces, and that he could enlist in the military and apply for citizenship two years later. In January 2011, when Issac went to San Diego to enlist, he was immediately arrested, turned over to ICE, and deported to Tijuana the next day. Issac was dropped off alone in a country he hadn’t seen in almost 15 years with no identification and nothing but $18 in his pocket.  And now he is barred from returning to the United States for 10 years. Although it has been almost two and a half years since he was deported to Mexico, Issac still dreams of serving his country in the Armed Forces. Our comprehensive immigration reform bill would give Issac the chance to apply for legalization and serve the country he loves.
Alejandro Morales was brought to the United States from Mexico when he was just seven months old. He was raised in Chicago, in my home state of Illinois. Alejandro’s dream is to become a United States Marine.  So he enrolled in the Marine Math and Science Academy, where he excelled in school and in the Young Marines program.  He eventually rose to become the City Corps Staff Commander, the highest ranking cadet of the 11,000 Junior R.O.T.C. cadets attending Chicago Public Schools. In a letter to me, Alejandro wrote, “I want to serve and fight to protect my country.  I am an American; I know nothing but the United States.” Will America be a stronger country if we deport Alejandro to a country he barely remembers or if we allow him to serve in the Marines, defending the country he loves?
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
In case you missed it, the Senate passed a bipartisan farm bill last night.
Some good news to share. In the past 18 months, South Bend Modern Molding has nearly doubled its employment to 130 workers, thanks to their use of recycled rubber.
Share this good news with your friends. For her positive attitude, good character, and impressive grades, Haley Franks was named Mitch’s Kids Statewide Youth of the Year for 2013.
Brought together a bipartisan coalition to raise awareness about Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. Pushing a resolution to designate June 2013 as National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month. PTSD is one of the greatest challenges facing our brave men and women while they are serving and after they return home from duty.
Great to see some folks from Wahpeton in Washington, DC!
Met with the Turtle Mountain Chairman Richard McCloud and officials to discuss funding opportunities for their emergency road repairs, the Bureau of Indian Education and tribal infrastructure needs.  Improving the quality of life for our brothers and sisters in Indian Country continues to be one of my top priorities.
Hoy di un discurso en español en la cámara del senado para urgir la aprobación de una reforma migratoria integral. Esta legislación se enfocará mucho más en  la seguridad fronteriza, en mejorar nuestra lista de visas pendientes, en fortalecer nuestro sistema de verificación de empleo, y en establecer medidas para afrontar los inmigrantes que vendrán en el futuro que cualquier otra legislación migratoria en nuestra historia. Vean partes sobresalientes de mi discurso aquí:
Today I delivered remarks in Spanish on the Senate floor to call for passage of commonsense immigration reform. This bill will do more for border security, more to improve our current backlog, more to strengthen our employment verification system, and more to put measures in place to deal with the future flow of immigrants than any other immigration bill in history. Watch highlights of my speech here:
My immigration reform digital town hall is TOMORROW! 
 
 Share the image below with friends and make sure you tune in at 12pm at http://www.menendez.senate.gov/town-hall
I talked about the immigration reform debate on Jansing & Co on MSNBC earlier today.  Two takeaways: I’m optimistic about the bill moving forward and Senator Cruz may indeed have ‘Obamaphobia.’
"Just as we did last year, the Senate has passed a Farm Bill that saves taxpayers money, reduces our deficit, and provides Missouri's farmers and ranchers the certainty they need to plan for the future. It will once again head to the U.S. House, where they can either fail rural America by refusing to act-just as they did last year-or they can approve this crucial, bipartisan measure, and provide a needed boost to the cornerstone of Missouri's economy." -Claire
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 9 - Doddridge  Fact: Doddridge County is the birthplace of the only West Virginian ever to be elected a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, the U.S. Senate, and the state’s governor, Matthew Mansfield Neely.  Tourism: Head to West Union this August for the 37th Doddridge County Fair.  https://www.doddridgecountyfair.com/
Yesterday, Gayle and I watched our granddaughter Kelsey become a Quaker Valley High School graduate. We are tremendously proud of her accomplishments.
I believe our goal should be to pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill that stays true to our principles and gets as many votes as possible. I'm confident we'll achieve that goal by the Fourth of July.
NA
I invite all Veterans, National Guard, Reservist and their dependents to participate in a Veteran Career Fair and Workshop on June 15, 2013 at the UNLV Student Union starting at 8:30 am. This event is being hosted by my Las Vegas office, the UNLV Office of Veteran Services, and UNLV Career Services. There will be a series of workshops that are designed to help you as you transition into a new career. Following these workshops, there will be a career fair with employers from across the valley who are interested in hiring Veterans. If you would like to pre-register for this event please contact my Las Vegas office at 702-388-5020. Please help spread the word.
Senator Shaheen and Senator Kelly Ayotte, Chair and Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee on Readiness and Management Support,  today rejected the Administration’s request for another round of military base closures and helped to make important investments to strengthen our national security. As leaders of the Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, Shaheen and Ayotte have worked closely in advocating for New Hampshire’s military facilities, with a particularly strong commitment to the future strength of the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and have each opposed new BRAC rounds. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/14v19SJ
“The reason that I have chosen to carry forward this fight on behalf of Native Hawaiians is simple:  it’s right to seek justice,” said Senator Brian Schatz.   Watch highlights from his speech: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZKfB7faY6A
Senator Schatz will deliver a major floor speech today at 4:15am HST/10:15am EST on achieving fairness for Native Hawaiians.  Watch the speech live here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Montana's Jeannette Rankin — the first woman ever elected to Congress — was born on this day in 1880.  LIKE or SHARE to join me in appreciating Jeannette's pioneering role in our society.
Today we took an important vote to restart the debate on comprehensive immigration reform in the U.S. Senate. I was very encouraged with the strong, bipartisan support, but we still have a long way to go before immigration reform becomes law. As the bill progresses I will be looking to make sure it supports New Mexico's interests as a border state, and that any final bill strikes the right balance between securing the border, holding employers accountable for hiring undocumented immigrants and providing an earned path to citizenship for the 11 plus million undocumented immigrants currently in the country. I commend the work of the 'Gang of Eight' and members of the Judiciary Committee who helped get us to this point after several weeks of debating and amending this bill in an open and bipartisan manner. Our immigration system is broken, and now is the time to fix it. The American people are counting on us, and we lose if we do nothing.
Yesterday I was proud to support passage of the Senate's new farm bill – a very important bill for New Mexico, especially during our extreme drought. It is the most significant reforms in decades, eliminating wasteful programs like direct payments and other subsidies, and strengthening successful community programs, all while saving $24 billion in taxpayer dollars. The farm bill also renews livestock disaster assistance programs, supports nutrition assistance for seniors and New Mexico families, and helps make sure healthier foods are within reach for all Americans, from the farm to the kitchen table. This bill is vital to New Mexico, and passage is long overdue. I urge the House to put politics aside and follow our lead in passing a strong, bipartisan bill as we have done in the Senate today. Click here to read how the bill will help our state, and like and share this post if you agree – we need a farm bill now.
Proud the Senate has taken this important step toward immigration reform. The time is now. // Orgulloso que el Senado ha tomado este importante paso hacia una reforma migratoria integral. El tiempo es ahora.
The long lines and wait times that many voters in Virginia and across the country experienced last November were unacceptable for the world’s leading democracy. We need to continue looking for opportunities to improve access to this most basic Constitutional right.
