Mr. President – I urge you to ignore the angry voices of the do-nothing crowd in Congress & act on #immigration.
This morning I called on Congress to restore federal commuter tax benefits that help thousands of CT residents. As of January 1, 2014, the amount of money commuters can set aside to pay for their public transit costs before taxes decreased from $245 to $130 per month. The expiration of the commuter mass transit benefit has cost some public transit users up to $1,000 in additional costs annually. Failure to revive this tax benefit will harm working families and small businesses, as well as clog the roads, contaminate our air, raise gasoline usage, cost consumers, and impose unfair discrimination against mass transit users.   I am proud to stand with commuter advocates in this fight for fairness and will continue my efforts when back in Washington. http://j.mp/1A7zWXp
Deeply saddened to hear that Barbara Cox of WNAV-AM (Annapolis) has passed away. She was incredibly talented and had such a kind heart. She will be missed.
This weekend I went to New Shiloh Baptist Church to visit Mentoring Male Teens in the Hood. Since its launch in 1996, the program has helped create bright futures for young men in #Baltimore. We discussed my bill to end #racialprofiling,the situation in #Furgeson, and the importance of education.  I look forward to hearing about the great things these young men will achieve.
High-level government representatives and political leaders at last week’s event in Berlin highlighted their concerns about persistent anti-Semitism in the #OSCE region, noting that it poses an ongoing threat to security and stability in the area. Participating States were encouraged to intensify efforts to counter anti-Semitic acts and hate crimes.   Ten years ago, the United States, #Canada, and countries from across #Europe held a critical meeting in Berlin to fight a surge in #antiSemitism.  I wish I could say this was purely a commemorative meeting to acknowledge what was achieved in the last 10 years, but facts dictate this must be a working meeting focused on resurgent anti-Semitism. First and foremost, this means addressing the rise in violent attacks like those we have witnessed in #Brussels and #Toulouse.  I am also concerned about overly restrictive laws or regulations that may make it more difficult for #Jews and #Muslims to practice their faiths, including those relating to circumcision, ritual slaughter, and religious attire. We must break this cycle so that another decade is not lost to hate and instability.
My thoughts and prayers are with Peter Kassig’s family and friends during this difficult time. ISIS’s murder of Peter Kassig, an American and former Army Ranger, was an act of brutality. By all accounts, Peter worked tirelessly to help others through his humanitarian work. Before he was captured, he worked in Syria and neighboring countries helping refugees and those caught in the middle of the Syrian conflict.    Peter’s service is a reminder of the bravery of humanitarian aid workers who risk their lives to help those in conflict zones around the world.
The Child Care and Development Block Grant Program is the primary source for child care assistance in the United States. It serves 1.6 million children a month – 52,000 children in Illinois. Thankfully, the Senate passed this important bipartisan bill today so these children and their families will continue to have access to childcare and after-school services.  It will now go to President Obama for his signature.
When I visited Washington, Illinois nearly one year ago, the tornado damage I witnessed was some of the worst I had ever seen. It is truly amazing to see how far the town has come to rebuild what was lost #WashingtonStrong
#ICYMI: David Wood, Senior Military Correspondent with the Huffington Post, paid tribute to the memory of Indiana National Guardsman Jacob Sexton and all servicemembers lost to suicide in this special Veterans Day piece last week.
On Saturday, Joe presented the Meehan family of South Bend with the decorations and medals Captain Edward Meehan earned while serving in World War I, including the Purple Heart and the Distinguished Service Cross.   If you or someone you know needs help recovering a veteran’s service records or missing medals, please visit http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/veterans-resources.
The number of homeless children in the U.S. is higher than ever—too many aren't eligible for help. Congress must act.
I understand and share the frustration with the lack of progress in passing comprehensive immigration reform. I support the president using his existing legal authority to address this issue, but whatever steps he takes will not be a replacement for congressional action. Passing a permanent solution to fix our nation's broken immigration system is long overdue. New Mexicans are eager for a solution, DREAM Act students deserve a solution, and our economy requires a solution.
Festival of the Cranes at Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge is this week, Nov. 18-23. Celebrate wildlife and attend some great events at the refuge and in Socorro.
Right now, I'm starting my Facebook Q&A about how the energy boom to our state has brought great rewards, but also new challenges, like increases in crime, drugs, human trafficking, crude on the rails, housing challenges, and more. We need to make sure North Dakota families are protected by addressing the new safety challenges facing our state. Through my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative, which I launched in September, I hope to draw a stronger focus on addressing these problems, while making sure North Dakotans’ safety is the top priority and building a strong North Dakota for the future. Post your question as a comment to this post and I’ll answer your questions.
I joined 30 Republican and Democratic Senators in calling for monthly bipartisan Senate lunches to build better, more productive relationships between Senators on both sides of the aisle in the upcoming Congress, and as a result, help the Senate actually pass bipartisan legislation. Watching lawmakers on the far-left and the far-right stack the deck against the American people by refusing to perform even the most basic civic duties – like passing a budget – has been absolutely shocking. We can, and must, do better. In North Dakota, we know how to set our differences aside and reach sensible agreements for the good of our communities. That’s exactly what I’ve been working to do in the Senate, but we need every Senator to chip in.
Today the Senate took bipartisan action to refresh and reform the vitally important Child Care and Development Block Grant, a bill I introduced to support critical child care for working families. This is good news that will bring peace of mind to the thousands of Maryland families who rely upon it for child care.   I introduced this legislation together with Senator Burr to ensure that child care across America is available, affordable, reliable, safe and exceptional. This bill reforms and refreshes important child care legislation, so moms and dads of modest means can afford child care while they go to work or school.   Child care is something all families worry about, regardless of income or zip code. I look forward to this bill being signed into law so we can help ensure all children get the care they need and deserve so they and their families can have a better, brighter future.
I'm so pleased to be recognized by the National Association of Gifted Children for my fight to invest in gifted & talented education. We must support gifted students as the next generation of pioneers, inventing new products and businesses, finding cures and saving lives. Kids with great potential need great opportunities, and I will keep working to ensure we meet the needs of kids with special talent.
In case you missed it, Claire spoke with CBS' Face The Nation yesterday about what's next for Congress, saying "I'm tired of the politics of 'lets just blame the President,' 'lets just say everything's wrong with Washington.' We need a policy partner here to compromise and find consensus."
November is Military Family Appreciation Month, and I encourage all West Virginians to take a moment to recognize and thank a spouse, parent, child, sibling or other family member of our service members and veterans, especially those who have lost a loved one in defense of our country. Their strength is unsurpassed, and their support is absolutely vital to the stability of all branches of our Armed Forces. Let us thank our military families this month, and every month, for their service, generosity and selfless sacrifices on behalf of our freedoms.   There are many ways to support our military families, and the National Military Family Association is making it easy to say ‘thank you.’ For more information visit: http://www.militaryfamily.org/feature-articles/send-an-ecard-3.html
Because House Republicans have not acted, I fully support the President’s decision to use his well-established executive authority to improve as much of the immigration system as he can.
Last week, Dr. Spencer thankfully returned home healthy and free of Ebola; that is in large part thanks to the smart measures and meticulous handling of New York’s first Ebola case by the City and the doctors, nurses and staff at Bellevue, but the world-class response mounted Bellevue HHC was not free, and the bottom line is local communities and local taxpayers should not foot the whole bill.
Open Enrollment has begun. Did you get covered? #ReadySetEnroll
Totonno's is becoming a bit of a habit lately, but the pie is so good you can't stay away, especially for an early birthday dinner! #NYpizza
Attending our nation’s service academies is a great way to start a career in the military and gain important skills.  Every year I nominate students to the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy, and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.  Young Montanans who would like me to nominate them have until December 1 to submit their application.  If interested, visit my website at www.tester.senate.gov/nominations.
This week is Global Entrepreneurship Week, and to celebrate, my office has partnered with local business organizations to host the Las Cruces Business Fiesta, which will connect small business owners with local business resources and successful entrepreneurs. Small businesses are a driving force behind economic development and job creation in New Mexico, and it's critical that aspiring entrepreneurs have access to the resources they need to launch and grow their business. I'm pleased to help host the this event, which will provide an excellent opportunity for aspiring small business owners to gain information about available resources and learn about best practices from successful local business leaders. The free event will take place from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Wednesday, Nov. 19 at the Las Cruces Community Enterprise Center, and I encourage anyone considering launching a small businesses or trying to expand their current small business to attend.  For more information or to register, visit www.LasCrucesBusiness.com .
