Today, I voted in support of a CR & narrow authorization for the Defense Department to train and equip Syrian opposition forces. Read and share my full statement.
#TBT from April 2009: In this photo—at a Coalition for a Safe and Healthy Connecticut demonstration—Joyce Acebo-Raguskus shows me a BPA-free rubber duck. The demonstration was in support of a bill that would ultimately restrict the use of BPA in food and drink containers. Now, five years later, I’m continuing to fight in the Senate to ensure consumer protection and accountability on the part of our manufacturers and big businesses.
With this action, Congress will have time to properly debate and consider how our nation deals with the military threats from #ISIL. Just as the Senate Foreign Relations Committee urged more than a year ago, with a target of President #Assad, Congress has voted to provide arms to #Syrian rebels and train individuals in the use of those weapons. This time the target is ISIL. The vote taken by Congress today is not a declaration of war. Congress has not authorized the use of U.S. military force in #Syria. The current authorizations of force from 2001 and 2002 should not be used as a basis for action in 2014 and beyond. We should be working on a new, narrowly focused authorization bill for Iraq that could be taken up as soon as we return in November, or earlier if the circumstances warrant. Any authorization must not open the door to U.S. combat ground troops in #Iraq or Syria. I have serious concerns about whether we should authorize any U.S. military force in Syria
I had a chance to meet with members of the Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce yesterday and we had a great discussion about the importance of an efficient and reliable transportation system to their businesses and our economy broadly.
"It is my hope, my prayer, that all of us whose lives have been touched by Matt, and by his unique and infectious humor and spirit, will continue his remarkable lifetime of work." Read Sen. Coons' full remarks here: http://1.usa.gov/1tnNqKi
#TBT to March when I had the opportunity to visit Ukraine with Senate colleagues amid mounting Russian aggression in eastern Ukraine. Pictured here at Maidan Square paying respects to those who were lost during peaceful protests for greater freedoms. Much has happened since then, but the United States position – and my own – has been unwavering in support of the Ukrainian people and their sovereignty.
Spoke at the Rally for Medical Research yesterday about the American Cures Act, my bill that will keep America at the forefront of biomedical research and breakthrough discoveries. Pictured here in the historic Kennedy Caucus Room in the Russell Senate Office Building.
“Hoosier families and businesses expect Congress to do its most basic job: keep the government running.  I am pleased Congress reached a bipartisan agreement to fund the government through December 11th and avoid another government shutdown.  However, we must continue to work together to pass an annual funding bill that will provide economic certainty and spur continued job growth in Indiana and across the country.  “I support providing the President with the tools we need to counter the threat of ISIS.  There are no easy answers, and this threat will continue to require Congressional involvement.  The short-term authorization paves the way for Congress to have a larger, more robust debate in the months ahead, while allowing the U.S. to begin training and equipping vetted Syrian fighters to weaken ISIS.” –Joe following his support of the Continuing Resolution to avoid a government shutdown and provide a short-term authorization to train and equip vetted Syrian fighters to combat ISIS. 
Joe this week helped designate November 29th, 2014 as “Small Business Saturday.” Locally owned small businesses are so important to communities in Indiana and around the country. There are over 28 million small businesses helping the economy to thrive across the United States.
WATCH: Joe spoke at the National Military Family Association and UnitedHealth Group’s breakfast on Tuesday about the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014.
Antibiotics are modern medicine’s greatest achievement. We need a comprehensive plan to preserve their efficacy. 
Voted tonight to keep the government running. I also supported small businesses by voting to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, which supports $99 million in ND exports abroad, and to authorize training for Syrian rebels in a limited capacity to help end the threat of ISIL to our national security. See my full statement: 
Met with Nick Archuleta and Karen Askerooth from North Dakota United to talk about how we can provide the best education for North Dakota students.
Met with U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chairman Tim Massad to discuss its work to protect North Dakotans from market fraud and systemic risks.
Spoke at Minot Task Force 21's conference about the importance of investing not only in military technology and platforms, but also supporting the military personnel and families performing these missions. Efforts to increase manpower, make work schedules more stable for families, and provide scholarships and bonus pay to attract more soldiers to these career paths are excellent first steps, but there’s always more we can do – and that's where my focus will remain.
This week, the Senate passed my bipartisan bill to help reduce the backlog of oil and natural gas permits on federal land in North Dakota. The bill would make permanent the federal program to speed up the review of oil and gas permits on public lands, and enable us to fully harness all of the development and growth throughout the state.  North Dakota’s economy, population, and energy development are growing by the day and we should all play our part to help support that responsible growth, including the federal government. As a vocal advocate for a true all-of-the-above approach to energy development, I know this bill will help bring us one step closer to achieving North American energy security and independence. 
Good luck to Team USA competing at the 2014 Deep Creek Canoe Kayak world championship kicking off in Western Maryland! Deep Creek showcases to the world the natural beauty & vitality of Western Maryland, supporting our state's tourism economy.
NA
A #TBT photo discovered via Twitter this week! It might've left Claire reminiscing about that hair, but most importantly, looking at her Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity photo reminded her why it's critical we not only help young adults afford a quality education, but ensure it doesn't leave them with a lifetime of debt. It's a fight she's continuing to wage to help others achieve their goals of furthering their education, much like she was able to do.
The EPA has accepted our request and will be now be taking comments on the Clean Power Plan Proposed Rule until December 1. The potential adverse effects of the EPA’s rule on carbon emissions cannot be overstated – the rule could fundamentally impact the affordability and reliability of the electric grid. However, I am pleased that the EPA has at least agreed to extend the comment period and give all stakeholders and the public the proper timeframe they need to fully understand the mechanics of the rule and its likely impacts – and to comment appropriately. West Virginians who have not yet submitted their comments, I encourage you to do so.  For more information on how to submit comments, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/7/manchin-encourages-west-virginians-to-submit-concerns-to-federal-register-on-epa-carbon-emissions-rule
Today, Democrats and Republicans spoke with one voice to tell the ISIS terrorists: we will find you and destroy you.   The Senate has passed a strong bill to arm and train vetted Syrian opposition fighters as part of the President’s strategy to destroy ISIS without repeating the mistakes of the past in the Middle East.   America will lead a coalition that includes our friends and allies in European and Arab nations in a targeted, strategic mission to destroy ISIS. American air strikes will support local forces who will fight for their own countries.   As the President made clear, it is up to the people of Iraq, Syria, and the region to stand up to protect their homes and families against these cruel killers.
After Sandy, we were again reminded how important ferries are to our transit system during emergencies, and that’s why we need modern, resilient and reliable ferries that our Staten Island commuters and emergency response personnel can rely on. This announcement of over $190 million is some of the best news ever for Staten Island commuters. 
Lots of #Buffalo pride here tonight. Proud to present the ties of Buffalo Nite #BillsMafia
Are we putting another war on our nation's credit card? 
We now have two decades of evidence that when corporations and their investors thrive, the profits no longer trickle down for working families to thrive too. Yesterday I asked a panel of income inequality experts: If we can't count on CEOs to reinvest at least some of their profits in their workers, what steps can the government take to fill that void?
