Today the Senate unanimously passed the resolution Senator Landrieu and I introduced condemning the abduction of more than 200 Nigerian school girls by the terrorist group Boko Haram and urging the U.S. to assist in the rescue efforts.   Kidnapping has no place in any village, in any region, in any country. We cannot stay silent in the face of these unspeakable crimes. As a mother and a grandmother, my heart is with all of the mothers and fathers in Nigeria who want their daughters to come home safely.
Today all 20 Senate women wrote to President Obama condemning outrageous abduction of more than 200 Nigerian school girls:
The new National Climate Assessment report confirms with the greatest level of detail yet that climate change in the United States is all around us and we are already feeling the impacts.   We must act in a comprehensive way to reduce carbon pollution for the sake of public health, our nation's economy, and the well-being of future generations. 
Some of the best parts of this job are like episodes of "How It's Made." Colorado companies invite us to tour their businesses and see firsthand how they're growing our state's economy. While Washington pundits and partisans play political games, Colorado is busy innovating and inventing the future. Watch this video and join our tour of innovative Colorado businesses. When you're done, tell us about your Colorado business or your favorite Colorado company.
I am joining Senators Durbin, Reid, and Warren to help relieve people of suffocating college debt. We’ve introduced the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, which would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to refinance at the lower interest rates currently offered to new borrowers.  Tomorrow evening, I’ll speak on the Senate floor about this issue. I want to bring your names with me to the floor, so all of my colleagues can understand just how real this is to so many of my constituents.  Go here to tell me about your student loans: how did you work to pay them off? How much have your interests rates increased? And how would our legislation help you?   https://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/student-loan-stories
Senator Blumenthal & staff want to say thanks to teachers in Connecticut and throughout the U.S.   It's National Teacher Day—take a minute to #ThankATeacher who has influenced you.
Today Senator Richard Blumenthal Christopher Murphy Senator Jeff Flake  Congressman Steve Cohen and I met with with members of #PussyRiot. Very productive conversation about our moral and strategic interests in protecting and advancing #humanrights world wide and in #Russia.
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and member of the Subcommittee on #African Affairs, released the following statement regarding the kidnapping of more than 200 #Nigerian school girls:  It is unconscionable that more than 200 young women attempting to gain an education have been kidnapped by the extremist terrorist group #BokoHaram. Even more disturbing is the fact that they intend to sell these girls into slavery and forced marriages.  There is no question that time is of the essence. I urge the United States and our allies around the world to coordinate efforts to bring these girls home safely. Human trafficking is inexcusable, and Boko Haram must be brought to justice.    I join many of my Congressional colleagues and people around the world in thinking of the families of the kidnapped girls and praying for their speedy and safe return.  #BringOurGirlsBack
#TeacherAppreciationWeek I am a proud product of Baltimore City Public Schools.   My favorite teacher was Ms. Eddie Brown at Garrison Jr. High. She was my English teacher and really made her students love to learn.   #ThankATeacher
Tomorrow I will join Senator Richard Blumenthal and  Congressman Steve Cohen in welcoming Nadya Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina of the #Russian protest group  Pussy Riot to Washington D.C.   Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina are visiting Washington to highlight the need for prompt, full, and ongoing implementation of the #Magnitsky Act.   #PussyRiot is not a band, but rather a #feminist #punk protest group. They do not give concerts, but stage provocative performances in public locations, one of which led to the arrest of Ms. Tolokonnikova and Ms. Alyokhina on charges of hooliganism for which they served two years in prison. After experiencing firsthand the harsh and political nature of Russia’s judicial system, upon their release they immediately focused their advocacy work on those—like Sergei Magnitsky—who suffer and die all too often in #Russia’s vast penal system.
Even though every day should be a teacher appreciation day, on National Teacher Appreciation Day I want to thank all Delaware educators, with a special shoutout to Ronni Cohen for your guiding my son Christopher. #ThankATeacher
The devastating consequences outlined in today’s National Climate Assessment are too great for us to continue to ignore. We must act now on climate change to improve Delaware and our nation’s overall economic and physical health.
My colleagues and I must work together now on a real, long-term solution to fund a new transportation bill that returns the Highway Trust Fund to solvency and invests in new jobs and innovative public projects.  
#PWFA will require reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers and Protect them from retribution in the workplace.
Just signed the largest mother’s day card on capitol hill in honor of the #PWFA
It's National Pet Week! In honor of our four-legged family members, we're profiling 13 members of Senator Coons' staff and their favorite companions.
From 2003 to 2012, United States investments towards the National Institutes of Health didn’t even keep up with inflation. The result was a 22 percent decline in real purchasing power in a single decade. Ten years ago, 30 percent of qualified NIH grant proposals were funded. Today it’s down to 15% – the lowest rate in history. I believe in #medprogressnow, which is why I introduced the American Cures Act. This bill would help preserve America’s global leadership in innovation and discovery by investing in breakthrough biomedical research, and by making that funding more predictable and less political.
Quite a thrill to meet with Bill Nye the Science Guy to talk space exploration and science education. Thanks for visiting!
Climate report: Extreme temperature increases in store if we sit on our hands.
Climate report: If we don’t reduce emissions, drought conditions will be the new normal. Be sure to read the report below.
For the first time in our nation's history, the total amount of student loan debt has exceeded the total amount of credit card debt. This very real problem weighs heavily on New Mexico families, which is why I'm cosponsoring legislation to help borrowers refinance their student loans and pay down their debt at a lower rate. This will give college graduates a better chance at building a brighter economic future.
Climate impacts are already visible in New Mexico. We're seeing bigger fires, drier summers, more severe floods when it does rain, and less snowpack in the winter. Over the last four years alone, we have seen the two largest fires in New Mexico’s history.  The longer we wait to act, the more expensive mitigating those impacts will be. If we have any hope of reversing the effects of climate change -- and we truly must -- it’s critical that we embrace this challenge now and lead the world in innovation, efficiency, and clean energy. #ActOnClimate 
Today at a Senate hearing, I questioned federal agencies about problems with retaining and paying federal workers in North Dakota, as too often they don’t make enough to live in our state. Federal agencies need to be able to respond to the needs of the federal workforce because the lack of workers at some federal agencies is hurting some of the growth in North Dakota.  Check it out here.
Inspiring to meet with Norma Bastidas and Madia Morales Ablino today. Norma just completed a solo ultra-triathlon from Cancun, Mexico to Washington, DC last weekend to bring attention to human trafficking in the U.S. and Mexico. Norma and Morales are using their experiences as human trafficking victims to combat the issue. Looking forward to working with these two inspirational women as we seek to end human trafficking in North Dakota and around the world. http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2014/05/02/norma-bastidas-is-about-to-complete-the-longest-triathlon-ever/
83% of North Dakota students graduate with some student loan debt – the most of any state in the country. That’s a frightening statistic. Today, I helped introduce a bill to allow North Dakotans with existing student loan debt to refinance to lower interest rates. This bill would reduce student loan debt, make sure students have access to affordable student loans, and that students aren’t burdened by their debt for decades after they graduate. 
On National Teacher Day I want to thank Mrs. Beth Stombaugh-Hook of Harrisonburg High School for inviting me to Skype with her 12th grade government students last week! Here's a glimpse of our discussion:
Thanks to my teacher Gail Harper at Union Hill High School, I was able to overcome my fear of public speaking.   Save the blank photo below & put in the name of a teacher who helped change your life!
Today I met with Masha Alekhina and Nadya Tolokonnikova of Pussy Riot in the Capitol. I stand with them in calling for basic, necessary freedoms in Russia
Visited Electric Boat today to celebrate the new VA class sub contract. This contract will allow the best team in the country to build 10 new attack subs.
"These incredible crimes that have been committed should not go unanswered and I think it is incumbent on our nation, with the great resources we have, to make sure that we send the appropriate message to the world that this is al Qaeda, this is our enemy. Not just to our values and our way of life, but importantly, an enemy to innocent young women." -Claire #BringBackOurGirls
#Together Claire & Senator Kirsten Gillibrand talked with msnbc's Andrea Mitchell today about their joint effort to combat sexual assaults on college campuses. When asked if they would be able to get legislation through Congress, Claire replied, "Watch us work. When both of us are focused and agree on the policy, we're pretty good at rounding up the votes on a bipartisan basis."  If you missed the interview live, you can watch the full clip here: http://www.msnbc.com/andrea-mitchell-reports/watch/senators-team-up-to-fight-college-sex-assault-248322115987 #1is2Many
Sen. Merkley joined Sen. Shaheen and Sen. Casey today to call for support for the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. Let's honor #MothersDay by paving a path for a healthy pregnancy & childbirth. Let's pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.
I grew up in a blue-collar community. I still live in that community, and my children go to the same public high school I did.  I’m surrounded by folks who face the challenge and the uncertainty of whether they’re going to be able to afford to pursue their dreams. And I personally have walked through the process of being worried about the cost of college; I was the first in my family to go to college.  Let’s end the fear students face of being trapped between lower wages and high debt payments. 
It’s National Travel and Tourism Week. From the magnificent New River Gorge National Bridge to the breathtaking Black Water Falls -- and every park and historic sight in between -- our state has an abundance of natural beauty and history to explore. To showcase our state’s unique travel and tourism opportunities, I encourage all West Virginians to share their favorite West Virginia travel destinations on my Facebook page to encourage others to visit our beautiful state.
NA
Happy National Teacher Day and Teacher Appreciation Week to all of the talented educators in West Virginia and around the world. Thank you for your unwavering commitment to educating, challenging and empowering our students each and every day. Your hard work and dedication is appreciated, and we are proud to celebrate you today and every day.
Proud to congratulate Katie Cowie and Olivia Smith, West Virginia's top youth volunteers in the 19th annual Prudential Spirit of Community Award, for their incredibly inspirational volunteer services. These two young leaders have set an extraordinary example to all West Virginians, and their actions should inspire us all to make a difference in our own communities. I applaud Katie and Olivia on their accomplishments and I look forward to the many great things that they will continue to achieve in the future.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1rYUZD8
These kidnappings in Chibok, Nigeria are barbaric and gutless. The entire world’s heart goes out to the victims and the families, and I am encouraging the administration to do all it can to help these innocent girls.   This outrageous action reveals the true nature of the radical Islamists behind it, who will go to any means – however inhuman and violent – to stop young girls from educating themselves. It is a bankrupt and backward worldview that, in the full light of day, will be rejected by the people of Nigeria – and people in every corner of the world who love their children. -cs
Pleased some of America’s largest and best known companies, many from New York, are standing with Ukraine and skipping the St. Petersburg Forum:  
Today the Senate began debating the Shaheen-Portman Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act – bipartisan legislation that will create jobs, save consumers billions and reduce pollution.  The effort has been endorsed by numerous businesses and organizations, including New Hampshire Retail Association who said the bill will help companies lower their costs and grow their businesses.   To keep the momentum growing, we’ll be sharing endorsements of this bipartisan legislation throughout the week.
Great news: the Senate just voted to officially begin debate on Senator Shaheen’s bipartisan energy efficiency bill!   LIKE and SHARE if you think now is the time to invest in energy efficiency and create jobs, reduce pollution, and save consumers billions!
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day.  As a parent and former teacher, I know what a positive role good teachers can play in the lives of our kids and grandkids.  Thank you to all the hard-working Montanans who prepare tomorrow’s leaders every day.
Education is one of the best investments we can make for New Mexico's future. College loans should open a path to a brighter future, not to a pile of bills with no end in sight. We need to ensure that financial barriers won't price young people out of higher education. Today, I'm proud to announce the introduction of a bill that would help thousands of New Mexico college students and graduates deal with the cost of student loan debt by allowing them to refinance their student loans at a lower interest rate. Last summer, I helped lead a bipartisan effort to prevent rates from doubling for new borrowers. But I've also heard from many students and families who are still struggling to pay off their existing student loans. The bill we introduced today will help them pay off their debt and get ahead financially. Click here for more information about our plan to control college loan costs and help keep college within reach for all students.
Our teachers do so much for New Mexico's students – in and out of the classroom. They are role models, mentors and supporters, and they work tirelessly to help students reach their full potential. I will always work hard to support our teachers, but sometimes, a simple thank you can go a long way. Today is National Teacher Day, and I hope you'll take the time to #ThankATeacher and tell your favorite teacher, past or present, how much he or she has meant to you.
Thanks to all the servicemembers and their families who took part in my 7th Annual Veterans Breakfast and Resource Fair.  I host these events to hear from the veterans community about the issues that affect them most, so I'm very grateful that you took the time to share your thoughts and concerns with me.  And if there's a question you didn't get to ask or if you'd like my office to assist you with an issue you may be having with a federal agency, please reach out to my office at whitehouse.senate.gov/contact.
Rhode Island is home to remarkable institutions of higher learning, whose students do truly impressive things.  Just last week, I visited a group of Brown University and Rhode Island School of Design students who are building a beautiful and entirely sustainable house to compete in the Solar Decathlon Europe.  Best of luck to all the talented young people working on the Techstyle Haus, and thank you for your important work on sustainable housing.
Godspeed to the team of U.S. military, law enforcement and intelligence personnel helping to #BringBackOurGirls.
Student loan debt is exploding. It is stopping young people from moving out of their parents’ homes, from saving for a down payment, buying homes, buying cars, starting small businesses, saving for retirement, or making purchases that grow our economy. It doesn’t have to be this way. This morning, two dozen Senators joined to introduce the #BankOnStudents Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, which would give student loan borrowers a #fairshot. The bill would allow them to lower their interest rates on old loans to match the rates that the government offers to new borrowers today. Watch my floor speech:  
Today I'm introducing a bill to allow student loan borrowers to refinance their debt. Learn more:
