You get to decide whether 2014 is like 2010: another midterm election when young people stay home and Democrats don’t show up, or whether we’ll prove that we are ready to fight, fight for our #progressive values. - TB
Tammy works across party lines to better serve #Wisconsin businesses and economy.
Tomorrow will be one year since the tragic and senseless shooting in Aurora. Since then, we have continued to see an outpouring of support all across Colorado and, for that matter, all across the United States of America for those we lost, their loved ones, and for the city of Aurora. The grace and courage of the families and survivors affected by this terrible tragedy serve as a powerful reminder to all of us of the resilience of the human spirit.
I truly believe the greatest joy in life is serving others. Today, I helped pass out free produce to those who need it at St. Patrick’s Center in Wilmington with interns Nicole Mozee and Read Scott, and staff members Mat Marshall and Bonnie Wu.
The #ReserveJobsAct makes sense.  Members of the Reserve Components serve honorably and they should be supported in their pursuit of federal employment opportunities. Reserve members are already uniquely qualified to handle some tough jobs on the federal level, like TSA or Border Security Patrol, and should be encouraged to apply for these positions.
In the heat of the summer, please remember to stay cool and drink plenty of fluids. -Joe
Currently, approximately 44 percent of National Guard members and 70 percent of Air National Guard airmen serve without qualifying for preference points. Senator Donnelly’s bill, the Reserve Jobs Act, would implement a tiered “Military Reserve” hiring preference for members of the Reserve Components who do not otherwise qualify for preference under existing laws.  This approach balances the respect for veterans who qualify for a 5-point preference with recognizing the contributions of Guard members and Reservists.
This is a major breakthrough, and I commend Secretary Kerry for his tireless efforts and his relentless commitment to diplomacy. No foreign policy challenge is more critical to our collective security than securing a lasting peace agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians.
Traffickers of dangerous synthetic drugs continue to circumvent federal law by altering the chemical structure of their products and finding new markets for distribution, particularly among young people.
In Bismarck, National Drug Control Policy Director Kerlikowske hearing from folks working to address drug abuse in North Dakota.
With Senator Jon Tester and National Drug Control Policy Director Kerlikowske. Great input from local leaders in Montana.
Senator Jon Tester and I are in Montana with President Obama's top drug policy advisor. Want to show him the issues unique to rural communities and oil-impacted are facing with drug abuse and crime. I am confident that this experience will help him as he works with the President to address the drug challenges states in the Northern Great Plains face.
Met with Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx to discuss the need for further and continued investment in rural highways, airport infrastructure, and essential air service.
Great discussions at Newport News Shipbuilding with shipbuilders & Senator Durbin on issues impacting submarine & carrier programs
 
 (Photo credit: Ricky Thompson, Newport News Shipbuilding.)
With Senator Blumenthal and people from all walks of life who want action on climate change. Inaction isn't an option.
Today I announced legislation to posthumously award Navy Chaplain Lieutenant Thomas M. Conway of Waterbury with the Navy Cross, America’s second highest military decoration for valor. His story is one of the most heroic I’ve ever come across.
 
 Father Conway, who grew up on Cooke Street in Waterbury, was a chaplain aboard the USS Medusa and the USS Indianapolis during the Second World War. On July 30, 1945, Father Conway was aboard the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine. Of the 1,196 crew aboard, approximately 300 were killed in the attack and subsequent sinking of the ship. 
 
 Father Conway was among the roughly 900 sailors left in the water facing shark attacks, dehydration, and exposure. For three straight days, Father Conway swam back and forth among crew members, helping individual sailors who drifted away to rejoin their comrades, organizing prayer groups, and urging the increasingly dehydrated and delirious men not to give up hope of rescue. He died on the third night, August 2, 1945, shortly before Navy pilots spotted the survivors. Just 316 men survived, making the sinking of the USS Indianapolis the single greatest loss of life at sea in the history of the United States Navy.
 
 Father Conway was a hero who reminds us that we should never give up, never stop helping others no matter what challenges we face. He’s a true inspiration and made our country proud throughout his service.
Great early morning crowd for Pancakes and Politics in Enfield
Do you know what the "s" in "Harry S. Truman" stands for? Then you might be from... http://www.buzzfeed.com/danoshinsky/signs-you-grew-up-in-kansas-city
Read this story from the Charleston Gazette today on my vote against Gina McCarthy.   http://bit.ly/18phHfU
It's been 118 days since the Senate passed its budget. Republicans have been rejected the next step because they refuse to negotiate and work out differences with us.
We cannot deny the science.
Announcing a $2 million investment by Blackstone's LaunchPad initiative to help Montana college students start small businesses and create jobs in Montana.
Great to be in Torrance County today visiting Titan Aerospace, a company that has been adding jobs after recently moving its headquarters to Moriarty to research and build solar-powered satellites. I enjoyed our visit with Titan's CEO, Maximus Yaney, and their employees, especially seeing up close the satellites that span the length of an Olympic-size swimming pool. Titan is doing great work, and I look forward to partnering with them to grow New Mexico's high-tech economy. Before visiting Titan, I attended a ribbon cutting to mark the completion the initial phase of Plateau Telecommunications’ broadband fiber optic ring that will enhance Internet access in Central and Eastern New Mexico. The project is a result of economic development funding I supported. I also spoke at a luncheon hosted by Estancia Valley Economic Development Association. Throughout the day, I really enjoyed talking to small business leaders and others about how we can partner to grow the economy and create good-paying jobs.
Please help me cheer on David Garcia, a sophomore at The University of New Mexico - UNM who is riding his bicycle from Boston to Florida to raise awareness for autism. You can follow David's 1,500-mile trip on his Bike Across America For Autism page, and share it with others to build support for David and all those affected by autism. Have a safe ride David, and thanks for all you are doing!
I heard from dozens of Hampton Roads military families who were understandably upset about the impact of this TRICARE policy change on their kids, and it certainly appears to have been poorly thought-out. Equally frustrating was their difficulty in getting the attention of anybody at TRICARE so they could express their concerns. We ask an awful lot of our military families, who already are dealing with the stress and disruption of repeated deployments and regular relocations. We should not be adding to that stress,  especially for military families who are caring for young children with unique challenges.
