Today I stopped by Brandywine Springs Elementary School to meet Jill Szymanski, the National History Teacher of the Year, and to see some of the great work she and the other teachers are doing in the classroom.
I penned a joint op-ed with my Senate Recycling Caucus Co-Chair, Sen. John Boozman, on the importance and benefits of recycling. It’s not only great for the environment but also has a significant positive economic impact in Delaware, Arkansas, and all across this nation. Let’s keep working together to make recycling a part of our lives every day!
Today I went to Mountaire Farms in Selbyville to join more than 300 volunteers pack boxes of food for the company's Thanksgiving for Thousands initiative. What a wonderful way to kick off this holiday week.
Thanks to Norman Oliver and all those who came out for today's 31st Annual Turkey Drive. Wishing all Delawareans a happy and healthy Thanksgiving!
Joe calls a play with the basketball teams of Shortridge and Crispus Attucks.   Joe and students from both schools sorted food this morning at Gleaners Food Bank.   Shortridge and Crispus Attucks play each other tomorrow night.
I hope you'll take a moment to read the op-ed Senators Ron Wyden, Mark Udall, and I wrote about our fight for privacy rights, which was published in The New York Times today.
Helped introduce legislation with a bipartisan group of Senators to crack down on sex trafficking. It is estimated that more than 100,000 minors in the US are forced into sex trafficking every year, but yet there is such little data or reporting on the issue. I pushed to hold a Senate hearing on this issue this fall because we can no longer can we turn a blind eye to this issue, and I will keep fighting to put an end to human trafficking of any kind.
Today I held the first in person meeting with my Heath Care Advisory Board. The Board includes many North Dakota stakeholders involved in health care, including health care providers, hospitals, consumer advocates, insurers, Native American health advocates, and state government officials. As I'm working to improve health care for North Dakotans, it's critical for me to receive advice from a wide-range of health care leaders.
My staff and I spent the morning at FeedMore’s Central Virginia Food Bank in Richmond sorting donations for families in need during the holidays. Very grateful for FeedMore’s work to help hungry families in Virginia.
This week at the Maryland Food Bank with Congressmen Elijah Cummings and John Sarbanes, I heard first-hand the benefits of critical nutrition assistance for Maryland families and those who need it most. I will continue to fight cuts to SNAP, helping thousands of Marylanders and supporting our state’s agricultural economy. Let’s on this Thanksgiving Day make sure we’re all united that nobody in America goes to work, goes to school and goes to bed hungry.
On Monday, November 25, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski along with Representatives Elijah Cummings and John Sarbanes visited the Maryland Food Bank to show her support for critical nutrition assistance for families and those who need it most.
Senator Manchin and his Senate colleagues visited Arlington National Cemetery to honor President John F. Kennedy on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. They laid flowers at his grave site and visited the Tomb of the Unknowns.
I hope the Supreme Court won't allow employers to end the Affordable Care Act’s guarantee of free contraception coverage for women.
The #StatenIslandFerry carries over 22 million passengers a year & deserves a fair share of national ferry funding:
“Our condolences to the family and many friends across the State of the former Lieutenant Governor Jean King. She was a trailblazing leader known for her work on the State Sunshine Law, the Shoreline Protection Act and her constant compassion for the downtrodden.  She was an active Democrat throughout her life, a regular at State Conventions and she will be deeply missed.” - BES
I had a great time today assisting the staff and volunteers at the Rhode Island Community Food Bank. It was especially heartwarming to learn about their "One Kid Can" program, which is a great program for kids who want to help make a difference this holiday season. If your child wants to get involved, please check out the "One Kid Can" guide here: http://bit.ly/1bm329L
Congratulations to Rob Hunter, whose beautiful photo of Williamsburg is the first winner of our Fall Photo Contest! Rob, thanks for sharing this great image with us.
