4000 likes on Facebook! Thanks to everyone who has kept up with the page, we'll continue to give you insight into what's going in DC and across the #MD. Have a good weekend and a very #purplefriday. Thanks
As we remember #Newtown one year later, we can be proud that the First State has taken action to strengthen background checks. Now it's time for Congress to do the same.  See what’s happened in your state here: http://slate.me/1c1KjRb
Today marks the 1-year anniversary of the unfathomable tragedy that occurred at Sandy Hook Elementary in #Newtown, CT. As a strong supporter of the 2nd Amendment, I believe we can take common sense steps to reduce gun violence in this country while still protecting our constitutional right to bear arms. Through expanded background checks and access to better mental health treatment options, we can achieve this goal. 
 
 I remain committed to this cause and will keep working with my colleagues on efforts to improve gun safety, protect our communities, and keep our children safe.
Joe spoke at the Indiana Farm Bureau Convention in Fort Wayne about the need for a bipartisan, five-year Farm Bill to give the Hoosier ag community the certainty it deserves.
This morning, Joe thanked the members of his Service Academy Committee who are conducting interviews with interested Hoosier high school students at the American Legion Headquarters in Indianapolis.
A year later we still can’t comprehend the horrific tragedy that took the lives of 26 innocent children & educators. My prayers are with their loved ones. #WeAreNewtown #HonorWithAction
Today, on the anniversary of the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary, I vow to continue to fight for gun safety measures.  I also join all Americans in remembering the victims of gun violence this year & keeping them in our thoughts & prayers.
Remembering a great friend of mine today, Ray Burton, who was an incredible advocate for the people of northern New Hampshire. I know his commitment to the North Country and our entire state will never be forgotten.  We'll miss you, Ray.
 
 -JS
My thoughts and prayers go out to all the families who lost a child or loved one in the tragic Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting one year ago. The Newtown community and all those affected by that day’s senseless act of violence of are not alone in their grieving, and while 26 lives were taken senselessly, none of them have been forgotten.   -JS
What does the Affordable Care Act look like in Rhode Island? It looks like more than 100,000 uninsured RI'ers eligible for health insurance. And for some, that health care will cost less than $100 a month.
On the anniversary of #Newtown, I promise to honor the 26 victims and their families by continuing to support meaningful reforms.
