This GOP shutdown continues to harm the middle class. The latest resource being threatened? Wisconsin job centers that provide critical help getting the unemployed back to work.   No more reckless Tea Party games. It's time to end the shutdown, pay our bills and put progress ahead of politics.
I urge my colleagues to come together and resist the pressures and demonstrate the kinds of profiles in courage that we've seen on both sides of the aisle, standing strong, speaking out, resisting partisanship, coming together for the good of the country.
 
 Watch my full speech on the effects of the government shutdown on the tourism & hospitality industry in CT and nationwide here: http://bit.ly/TourismShutdown
NA
"The idea that a sovereign government would have the ability to pay its debts but actively chose not to is unprecedented. We cannot allow that to happen. We cannot allow this country to become a bad investment. We will not become a deadbeat nation. We need to pay our bills, do the right thing, and avoid default. We need to stop playing games and do right by the American people."
This morning, I spoke on the Senate floor to underline the devastating impacts the government shutdown is having on New Mexico’s economy and middle-class families. Between sequestration furloughs, the shutdown, and the current impasse over averting a catastrophic default on the nation’s debt, hard-working, middle-class families across New Mexico are saddled with uncertainty and hardship. The government needs to function again and this irresponsible and reckless manufactured crisis must end now. It is time to reopen the government.  It is time to take the threat of default off the table, and it is time to stop playing games with the livelihoods of hard-working Americans.
NA
Polls open in New Jersey tomorrow for the special election for our next U.S. Senator.
 
 Voting is the best way to get your voice heard. I encourage you to set aside time and play a role in our democracy.
Spoke on the Senate floor today about how this shutdown is hitting families in CT http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q7P7qftmOg
Senator Moran, Senator Inhofe and I, along with a group of 47 additional senators, today sent a letter to President Obama reiterating that the Senate overwhelmingly opposes the ratification of the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty and will not be bound by its obligations.  Read more:
The House Republican leadership’s plan to advance an extreme bill is nothing more than a blatant attack on bipartisanship.  Extremist Republicans in the House of Representatives are attempting to torpedo the Senate’s bipartisan progress with a bill that cannot pass the Senate.  We have worked hard to rise above partisanship and find common ground in the Senate for the good of the nation. I am disappointed that Republicans in the House are trying to sabotage that success.
“This time the wolf may really be at the door... Each time we come up to the 11th hour, we rob the world of a little more confidence in American leadership." 
