Watch LIVE: The Wake Up Congress for Climate Action Rally is happening now - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_ARwxRatck #SoundtheAlarm4Climate #ActOnClimate
My alarm is set! Help us #SoundtheAlarm4Climate – set your phone to ring at 5 p.m. ET today #ActOnClimate
Help us #SoundtheAlarm4Climate – set your phone to ring at 5 p.m. ET today #ActOnClimate
Join U.S. Senate Democrats and help us #SoundtheAlarm4Climate – set your phone to ring at 5 p.m. ET today #ActOnClimate
As a number of my colleagues said time after time, we can’t afford to place the burden of addressing climate change on the next generation. Every day we wait, coastal communities, like those in Delaware, are being increasingly affected. My colleagues and I must #ActOnClimate change now.
The longer we wait to acknowledge and address climate change, the greater the costs- both to our environment and our wallets. That’s why I’m proud to join my colleagues to Wake Up Congress for Climate Action today.
I’m proud to have stood with my colleagues and helped assemble warrior packs for our nation’s veterans. We owe so much to the brave men and women that have served Delaware and our country, and it’s always an honor to do my part to say thanks.
It was an honor to participate in @the_USO’s Warrior Pack assembly line,  please consider signing the Every Moment Counts flag at http://www.uso.org/ #USOMoments
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Diana from New Castle about wildlife trafficking. Senator Coons is chairing a hearing today in the Senate Foreign Relations African Affairs Subcommittee to examine the escalating international wildlife trafficking crisis and U.S. efforts to combat poaching. http://1.usa.gov/SaHs0r
Joe was happy to visit Jackson Sugar as he completed his Eagle Project at the American Legion in Zionsville.
Interested in a public service experience in D.C. beyond a traditional internship? Apply for Senator Donnelly’s Wayne Townsend and Frank J. Anderson Legislative Programs before the deadline this Friday. Learn more and apply at the link below.
Joe was pleased to meet with students from Indy’s St. Simon the Apostle Catholic School on their visit to the Capitol this afternoon.
WATCH: Joe discusses the Senate’s bipartisan support of the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014: “Suicide prevention is not a Republican or Democrat issue. Everybody is all in on ‘How can we help?’ ”.
Ahead of Memorial Day, Senator Joe Donnelly spoke on the floor of the U.S. Senate in honor and remembrance of the Hoosier servicemen we lost in the last year. Watch his full remarks here.
Spoke at the Climate Action Rally today. We need everyone’s help to get Congress to deal with climate change.
Thrilled about LA Metro's Purple Line extension. Today’s signing ceremony locks in the Purple Line's $1.25 billion share of federal grant funding.
It’s official, the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks is New Mexico’s newest National Monument! I'm proud to celebrate this momentous occasion and thank President Obama and Secretary Jewell for recognizing just how special this land is for all of us.
Applauding Senator Bingaman for his leadership in making this day possible.
On my way to the proclamation signing ceremony to establish the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument. This is a very special moment for New Mexico and a major accomplishment for the community who has worked tirelessly for a decade to make today a reality. Tune in live to the ceremony at 2 p.m. MT here: www.whitehouse.gov/live
In my office with KOAT discussing the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument designation.
I'm ready to start my Facebook Q&A on the need to make college affordable. Post your question as a comment to this post and I'll answer questions about college affordability and student loan debt.
During a Senate Committee vote today, my bipartisan bill to create a Commission on Native Children overwhelmingly passed – the final step before the bill goes to the full Senate. The bill now has 27 cosponsors, bringing together conservative, moderate, and liberal Senators -- because supporting Native families and children should be an issue all sides can agree on. I will never give up or stop fighting for Native children and now it’s on all of us to make sure we don’t forget or lose our sense of responsibility when it comes to protecting and supporting Native children. I look forward to doing everything in my power to continue this momentum, pass it in Congress, and see this bill signed into law. 
Student loan debt is one of the biggest challenges our country faces. In North Dakota, 83% of college graduates have some student loan debt – the most out of any state. Join me tonight at 6:00pm CT during my Facebook Q&A to answer North Dakotans’ questions on how we can make college affordable and reduce student loan debt.
Senator Manchin proudly welcomed 30 veterans from West Virginia to the nation’s capital for the state’s fourth “Always Free Honor Flight.” Senator Manchin provided each veteran with a Congressional Record Statement to recognize the veterans’ trip to D.C., which was free of cost and included a tour of the Capitol, the World War II Memorial, the Korean War Memorial and the Vietnam War Memorial.
It is great news that the Kentucky Health Cooperative will join West Virginia’s federal health insurance exchange in time for the 2015 open enrollment period. The addition of the Kentucky-based co-op will spur competition in our marketplace and increase consumer choice for families and small businesses, hopefully leading to lower costs for everyone. I applaud the Governor Tomblin’s Administration for approving this application in record time, and I look forward to working with the Kentucky Health Cooperative and Highmark West Virginia to ensure every West Virginian has access to high-quality, affordable health insurance.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ba0b872c-66b5-4290-9a8d-f769400df18f
I was so honored to welcome West Virginia’s courageous veterans to Washington today for the fourth "Always Free Honor Flight." Of the Honor Flight veterans, five served in World War II, nine served in the Korean War, and 16 served in the Vietnam War. It is because of their bravery that all Americans enjoy the greatest liberties and freedoms in the world.  https://vimeo.com/95991740
Got a running start this morning! Thanks to ACLI, Shalane Flanagan and all the runners and volunteers who came out today to support #Veterans at the Capital Challenge.
In recent days, I've been dealing with Republicans who are filibustering their own pieces of legislation. The obstruction is out of control.   As a result of the filibuster reform that Senate Democrats did last year, we're making some progress on nominations. Please read this: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/05/21/senate-filibuster-reform-obama-nominees_n_5358863.html
Staff from Senator Shaheen’s office will be in Pittsburg from 2:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. and Stewartstown from 3:30 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. tomorrow to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security.  Details available here: http://1.usa.gov/1lQejjK 
Officer Stephen Arkell’s life and career epitomized the heroism of our first responders, and today I join people across New Hampshire honoring his memory. My thoughts are with his family, his loved ones, the Brentwood Police Department, and the entire Brentwood community as we both mourn his loss but also celebrate his selfless service and sacrifice on behalf of our state.
I’m pleased to see that four Montana couples are filing a marriage equality lawsuit. Montanans believe in the right to make a good life for their families, and denying some couples the right to marry denies them happiness and equal protection under the law.  It’s time our laws reflect our values.
Today, New Mexico will have a new national monument - thanks to thousands of you who worked tirelessly for many years. At 2 p.m. MT, I invite you to view the proclamation signing ceremony live online that will officially establish the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument at www.whitehouse.gov/live. If you're in the Doña Ana County area, you can join others for the event live at the Doña Ana County Government Center located at 845 N. Motel Blvd. in Las Cruces.  I'm honored to join Senator Heinrich, community leaders from New Mexico, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, and President Barack Obama for this historic day. This monument began with the people of Southern New Mexico, and the day belongs to you. Congratulations!
I’ve been pushing for an expanded investigation at the VA that is prompt and thorough. I’m pleased to report that this morning, I worked to help pass a measure in the Appropriations Subcommittee on Veterans Affairs to increase funding for the VA OIG to expand this work, and to halt salary bonuses for administrators while the investigation is ongoing.  I’ve heard from many veterans in New Mexico about this, and you can bet I’ll be following up on these serious allegations to make sure we get transparency, accountability and real solutions. Lives are at stake, and our veterans deserve much better than scheduling gimmicks to game the system.
Today I joined more than 40 of my colleagues from the House and Senate to send a message to those in Congress who are preventing action on climate change: it’s time to wake up. At our rally today, hundreds of people in DC and even more across the country joined us to sound the alarm. Thanks to everyone who stood with us today, and let’s keep up the fight!  P.S. In case you missed it, you can watch the whole thing here: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/sound-the-alarm-for-climate-action
