Yesterday I spoke out against the latest Republican attempt to severely restrict women’s access to health care. 
It’s been 321 days since the Senate passed bipartisan Immigration reform. The time is now for the House GOP to act.
The kids from #Eastford Elementary took selfies throughout their trip in DC, & asked me to join them for one. Couldn’t resist.
Striking graph this morning from the Wall Street Journal showing the explosion in student loans. An increase in this debt isn’t just bad for students, it's bad for our economy.    "The growth of student-loan debt, along with limited access to credit, may be preventing those with student loans outstanding from being more active in the nation's housing and auto markets, New York Fed researchers said Tuesday. Less borrowing by younger people for things like cars and houses is a worry because it could reduce overall consumption at a time when baby boomers are retiring and likely spending less, too.”   It’s just common sense—we should pass the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act to let current borrowers refinance their loans at more affordable rates.
Met with Valerie Jarrett, Senators Kirsten Gillibrand and Claire McCaskill and others this afternoon to continue the conversation about preventing sexual assaults on college campuses. If you missed it yesterday, be sure to read my recent report and sign on to support the College Sexual Assault Bill of Rights: http://j.mp/RAnw6z
Thanks Senator Roy Blunt for standing up for law enforcement by supporting Blue Alert US.   We have a duty to do all we can to protect those who risk their lives to protect us. That's why I introduced the National #BlueAlert Act.  The National Blue Alert Act would create a nationwide alert system to apprehend violent criminals who have seriously injured or killed #police officers. The nationwide alert system would be used to disseminate critical information about the suspect to law enforcement agencies, the public and the media- much in the same way Amber Alert does.     #PoliceWeek
Senator Mitch McConnell and I might not always agree on everything- I am glad we do agree on the need to pass Blue Alert US.    We have a duty to do all we can to protect those who risk their lives to protect us. That's why I introduced the National #BlueAlert Act.   The National Blue Alert Act would create a nationwide alert system to apprehend violent criminals who have seriously injured or killed #police officers. The nationwide alert system would be used to disseminate critical information about the suspect to law enforcement agencies, the public and the media- much in the same way Amber Alert does.      #PoliceWeek
Great overview of our ongoing effort to write a transportation bill and pay for it. Our cities and states are counting on us to get this done.  
I have had the pleasure of working closely with Sylvia Mathews Burwell over the past year as she capably led the Office of Management and Budget, and I couldn't think of a person more qualified to lead the Department of Health & Human Services.
Delaware has highest rate of Lyme disease in the country. During Lyme Disease Awareness Month, find out what you can do to protect yourself and your loved ones from succumbing to this illness.
Senator Coons’ Startup Innovation Credit is among tax extenders set for Senate consideration this week.
Congratulations to the Marian University Indianapolis cycling team for winning the Cycling Collegiate National Road Championships. We’re all proud of these amazing athletes. Read more about their exciting win here.
WATCH: Joe talks about his efforts to #PreventSuicide with the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014 in this first of a series of Q&As explaining his new bill. In 2012, "We lost more young men and women to suicide than we did in combat". -Joe
Joe met a great group of students from Bloomfield’s Eastern Greene Middle School on their visit to the Capitol this morning.
Add your name to the list of Americans who support giving young adults a fair shot at paying back student loans. 
Met with a group of very energetic and engaged Californians this morning. Thanks for coming in!
If you missed it, I appeared on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports to discuss Boko Haram and the kidnapping in Nigeria. Watch here: 
Important to recognize the contributions that small businesses make to California, including 52% of jobs. 
WATCH LIVE: I’m chairing a Senate Drug Caucus hearing on heroin and prescription drug abuse.
In an interview today in my office, C-SPAN BookTV asked me about my summer reading plans. I'm reading The Big Burn by Timothy Egan and The Second Nuclear Age: Strategy, Danger, and the New Power Politics by Paul Bracken. What's on your reading list?
The Senate's unanimous confirmation of Diane J. Humetewa to serve as a U.S. District Judge for the District of Arizona is historic. As the first Native American woman to serve as a federal judge and the third Native American ever to do so, I have no doubt that she will hold the court to the highest standards, as she has done throughout her career. Her vast and diverse experience shows that she is more than qualified for this position – from her work as a prosecutor and appellate court judge to her tribe, the Hopi Nation in Arizona, to her advocacy for victims’ rights to her work in academia. She’s an inspiration to Native American families across North Dakota and the country, and I hope that other young Native Americans strive to give back to their communities and stand up for others in the way that Ms. Humetewa has. It’s long overdue that Native Americans are better represented on the federal bench, and today’s vote is an important step forward.
Today I joined Terry Georger, a soybean farmer from Mantador, and five other Senators in calling for the Administration and Congress to support policies that stand up for biodiesel jobs and production in North Dakota and across the nation. The EPA’s proposed rule to reduce the required amount of biofuels produced in the U.S and the expiration of the biodiesel tax credit are already hurting North Dakota farmers and producers. A new study shows nearly 80 percent of U.S. biodiesel producers have scaled back production this year. I’m continuing to push on the EPA and Congress to give our farmers and producers certainty to plan for the future. http://1.usa.gov/1sOyyme
Today I met with the Pentagon to continue my efforts to make sure our brave servicemembers at Minot Air Force Base have the support and resources they deserve to do their jobs and defend our country. Minot’s Task Force 21 plays a critical role in maintaining the close relationship between our state and the Air Force. As a member of the Senate Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Coalition, I have successfully pushed back against wrongheaded policies that may have otherwise eliminated our ICBM silos.
WASHINGTON (Wednesday, May 14, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) TODAY pressed for unanimous Senate agreement to allow a vote on his Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program, a federal grant program that helps state and local law enforcement agencies buy lifesaving vests for their officers.  The bill has been cleared for a vote on the Democratic side of the aisle but again was blocked today by a Republican senator.  It was the second time in two weeks that Leahy spotlighted blockage of the bill by pressing for a Senate vote.    Leahy TODAY, in the midst of the annual National Police Week, held a Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing on the program.  Visiting police officers from across the nation were in the audience.  Officer Ann Carrizales, whose life was saved by a bulletproof vest, and President of the International Association of Chiefs of Police Yousry A. Zakhary testified, urging the Senate to continue the lifesaving program.    Leahy coauthored the original  law establishing the matching grant program, which since 1999 has made possible the purchase of nearly 4000 vests in Vermont, and nearly one million across the country.  VIDEO and AUDIO includes excerpts of today's hearing and Leahy seeking unanimous consent for the Senate to pass the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program TODAY on the Senate Floor.
It’s National Police Week & I want to extend my heartfelt thanks to the men & women who keep our communities safe.   Our dedicated law enforcement officers deserve our gratitude & support. I vow to continue to fight to protect those who protect us all!
It was a lot of fun having students from Gateway Middle School in St. Louis in our office today. Claire and her staff loved talking with them about Capitol Hill and appreciated that they weren't afraid to ask the tough questions! She encouraged them all to stay active in their school and community.
I'm committed to giving student borrowers a #FairShot. Pledge here if you are too:
I’m honored to receive the “Heroes of Main Street” award again. From working in my grandfather’s grocery store and my father’s furniture shop to starting my own business after college, I have been closely involved in small businesses all my life. I understand the challenges they face and how much they contribute to making this country great. I’ll continue to do all that I can to help our small businesses prosper, grow and expand.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2881f4f3-bf84-4bd4-9fa8-18506a0d7be8
ICYMI: This morning I talked to Brian Kilmeade on Fοx & Friends about partisanship in Washington and its impact on the ability to pass meaningful energy policies.   Watch here:
May is Older Americans Month, and as a member on the Senate Special Committee on Aging, I am proud to celebrate our seniors who have helped build and defend this nation. I encourage all West Virginians and Americans to remember that America’s priorities should be based on our values, and keeping our promises to our seniors should be one of our highest priorities.   For health and safety tips, please click here: http://bit.ly/1g1Ruvo 
We’re going to push a constitutional amendment so we can limit political spending because what is going on today is awful. We’re going to arrange a vote on it. We’re going to do it until we pass it because that’s the salvation of our country.  http://www.buzzfeed.com/johnstanton/harry-reid-backs-constitutional-amendment-to-limit-koch-brot
NA
NA
Spoke on the floor earlier about the House deadline to pass #immigrationreform http://youtu.be/NJVAIhe57VI 
The State Trade and Export Promotion (STEP) grant program gives small businesses in New Hampshire, such as Corfin Industries, LLC,  greater access to growing markets around the world. Exports provide small businesses a great opportunity to expand and create jobs, and National Small Business Week is a great time to highlight how we can do more to boost our economy. #SBW2014
Senator Shaheen met with representatives of the New Hampshire Police Association this afternoon to express her appreciation for their work on behalf of our state.
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Today I was proud to host New Mexico Wildlife Federation Executive Director Garrett VeneKlasen for a discussion on how the federal government can partner with local sportsmen and conservation leaders to support America's tourism economy, create jobs and protect access to public land for preservation and recreational opportunities.   New Mexico is the only state in the country with the word 'land' in its motto, and that's because we understand how important it is to our way of life. But the Land of Enchantment isn't just a slogan – it represents a unique history where access to land and outdoor activities like hunting and fishing shape both our identity and our economy. Garrett was an excellent spokesman for all New Mexicans who work to support our state's tourism economy and all of us who love the great outdoors. I  was pleased to host him and look forward to working with him to pass important federal policies that support economic growth in our communities, create jobs and expand outdoor recreation opportunities for visitors and citizens alike.
New Mexico is best when we are active and healthy. I've been a longtime advocate for more wellness education in our schools, and I'm working hard to support local communities as we partner to improve child well-being and fight high obesity rates. This is a shared challenge that requires shared solutions, and while we still have a long way to go, this challenge is being met by hard-working, creative people who are making a difference in our communities every day.    As part of my efforts to pass this bill, I'm asking communities in New Mexico to share stories of how they're using health education and PE to improve wellness and academic achievement. The PHYSICAL Act is all about empowering local schools, and your stories will help inspire others to develop activities that work best for them. If you're involved with successful physical education and health education in New Mexico schools, please share your thoughts on my website here and spread the word to others! http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/physical
Today I'm excited to announce that Dr. Oz, a renowned surgeon at Columbia University and host of the Emmy Award-winning television program "The Dr. Oz Show," has endorsed a bill I've been pushing to help get more health and physical education to our schools. As one of America's most trusted health experts, Dr. Oz understands the importance of physical activity and health education in helping students lead healthier lives and reach their full potential, and I'm grateful for his support of my PHYSICAL Act.    The bill is simple and wouldn't require any additional money – it would make health and health education eligible as "core" subjects, allowing local school districts to use existing resources to expand health and PE in their communities. It's an easy way to help teachers, schools and students increase the good work they're already doing and inspire others to do the same, and I hope we can get it on the books soon. Click below to read more, and spread the word if you think we need to support more health and physical education in our schools.
Last night I joined Bill Nelson on the Senate floor to highlight the effects of climate change on Florida. During my recent climate road trip, I learned that Floridians, like Rhode Islanders, are worried about the coastal communities that they love.  They are getting serious about protecting their homes and their livelihoods.  And they want their representatives in Congress to get serious too. Senator Nelson hears them, and I was honored to discuss this issue with him last night.  You can watch our speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hwolv8mx3oU&feature=youtu.be
RIP, Albert "Big Al" Doumar, owner of Doumar's Cones and Barbecue in Norfolk. He welcomed everybody with a smile and a kind word. Thoughts are with his family, friends and generations of loyal employees and customers.
