Stopped by FLIR Systems (GS) with Ken Ulman today.  In 2008, FLIR Systems (GS) only had 3 employees in Elkridge and annual sales of $130K.  Now they have close to 100 employees and had sales last year of over $40M.    They employ engineers, scientists, program management professionals, contract professionals and skilled production workers.  They provide exactly the kinds of highly-skilled, STEM-based jobs that we love to see here in Maryland.    They work they do keep us safe at home and abroad, Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured in large part due to FLIR surveillance technology.  They are #MadeInMD
NA
Proud to see Delaware ranked in the top five most bike friendly states in America -- moving from 10th to 5th in just one year! Biking is an invaluable piece of the American transportation system, and May is National Bike Month. So join me and the League of American Bicyclists to get more people in your community riding too!
With Senator Dan Coats, Senator Donnelly introduced the Farm Flexibility Act, which would give farmers more flexibility to plant fruit and vegetable crops to meet growing market demands.
“Before Obama's news conference, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) had urged the administration to renew its efforts to transfer from Guantanamo the 86 inmates cleared for release three years ago by an interagency task force. Obama should do so, ideally with congressional cooperation but unilaterally if necessary.”
In cities across the country, millions of Americans are marking International Workers Day by giving voice to the need for accountable immigration reform.  As the son of an immigrant and growing up in a union family, I recognize the important role that organized labor has played in upholding the dignity of work and in fixing our broken immigration system. With bipartisan support building in Congress and a President who is eager to solve the immigration problem, there is no reason we should not be able to get this done.  Este es el año.
Good news for western North Dakota housing.
Quick stop at Wright's Dairy Rite in Staunton for a chocolate shake
Just visited the Virginia Women’s Institute for Leadership at Mary Baldwin College in Staunton and spoke with female cadets about the future of the military, importance of service and my support for the recent decision by the Joint Chiefs of Staff to allow women to serve in combat units.
After touring local businesses in downtown Roanoke, I stopped at Billy's for some delicious fish tacos.
I learned a lot from my discussion this morning with Mayor Bowers, the Roanoke Regional Chamber of Commerce & other local business leaders on economic revitalization in Roanoke.
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
Today is the last day to register for disaster assistance in New Jersey. You can register online at http://www.disasterassistance.gov until midnight, or by calling the FEMA helpline 800-621-3362 (TTY 800-462-7585) 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. EDT.
Senator Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, travels to El Salvador while he visits countries in Latin America.
Americans understand that it’s time to make sure our LGBT friends and family are treated fairly and have the same opportunities as all Americans.  Now it’s time for our laws to catch up.  People should be judged at work on their ability to do the job, period.
With great corporate partners like Toyota and its devoted team members, we are truly building a brighter future for West Virginia.   Congratulations to Toyota Motor Manufacturing, West Virginia, Inc. on the production of the Buffalo plant’s ten millionth unit!   http://1.usa.gov/18dfVyV
NA
Senator Manchin with Bruce Burgess and his mother, Opal after the Military Warriors Support Foundation presented the family with a home for Bruce's unwavering military service.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 50 – Boone County  Fact: Named for the famous frontiersman Daniel Boone.  Recommendation: Visit the 20th Annual West Virginia Coal Festival.  http://wvcoalmuseum.org/machinery.htm
I just told an enthusiastic and packed crowd at the March for Citizenship rally in Las Vegas that it’s time to pass comprehensive immigration reform. I pledge that I will do everything in my power as Majority Leader to get a bill across the finish line. Congress must work hard to ease the path for every immigrant family building a better life here in America.
Later today, I will join thousands of individuals at the March for Citizenship in Las Vegas to call for comprehensive immigration reform. Our immigration system is broken and we must work to fix it. This issue is personal to me, and I pledge that I will do everything in my power as Majority Leader to get a bill across the finish line.
Last year, Senator Shaheen helped end a three decade-long discriminatory policy that prevented women in the military from receiving the same health care coverage as the civilians they protect. The Shaheen Amendment, which would provide servicewomen coverage for reproductive care if they are victims of rape or incest, passed through Congress with broad bipartisan support and was signed into the law by the President. Now, Shaheen is joining with Senator Lautenberg to make sure that women serving in the Peace Corps receive the benefits they deserve. Read more below.
Great meeting with DREAMers from NM CAFe (Comunidades en Acción y de Fé) in Las Cruces. Their stories inspire me to keep pressing for comprehensive immigration reform in Washington, and I am proud of their efforts to organize. We must fix our broken immigration system to keep the dream alive for these young individuals who have been here most of their lives and have so much to offer our country.
Tom attends a briefing by the Lordsburg Housing Group and a windshield tour of ongoing housing projects in the area.
Tom leads a meeting of the Southwestern Border Security Task Force in Deming to discuss ongoing and new priorities along the border.
“I think during tight fiscal times the two areas people look to are ‘we’ve got to cut spending’ or ‘we’ve got to raise taxes,’” said Sen. Warner. “There is a third way, that is through better management, better program consolidation, through these kind of initiatives that we are talking about.” (Staff)  More: http://1.usa.gov/13MHMm6
