Last night, Tammy met with tireless volunteers in Madison and Fitchburg who were getting ready to hit the doors in their neighborhoods and on their campuses for some Election-Eve GOTV. Everyone is fired up to work hard for Wisconsin Democrats straight through when the polls close tonight - it all comes down to today so if you haven't already, make sure you get out there and vote!! https://myvote.wi.gov/
Democrats can win in Wisconsin, but only if we show up at the polls and vote! Find your polling place here: https://myvote.wi.gov/
Happy Election Day! Click here to find your polling location, and go vote! http://j.mp/1phPVyl
Last week, I stopped by Salisbury University to talk to political science, environmental studies and history students. Thanks for having me!
My statement on the transfer and indictment of Russian national Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin on terrorism charges:
For those of us who love all things mechanical, the world will never be quite the same without Tom Magliozzi of Click and Clack's the Tappet Brothers. Like NPR listeners across America, I may need to buy a Dodge Dart convertible just to cope. Car Talk
Today's the day. Make your voice heard and cast your vote. Not sure where to go? Find your polling place in CT here: http://bit.ly/1tX4eZh
Whether Democrat, Republican or Independent, we are all Americans first, and as Americans, we have assumed the right and the civic duty to vote for our country’s future. Many have sacrificed to protect our basic right to vote, and today, I encourage all West Virginians to head to the polls and cast your ballots. Your vote is your voice and your future.   Click here to find your West Virginia polling location: bit.ly/1tX4x6d
Hahn Farm in Clinton is a 9th Generation Family Farm! #NYtownoftheday
One hundred years ago today, Montana led the way in giving women a right they should have had all along: the right to vote.  While it’s unfathomable now, just a century ago a Montana woman could not make her voice heard at the ballot box.  Moving forward, we must continue to ensure that the fundamental right of all Americans – the right to vote – is ensured and protected.
Election Day is here & I just voted. Get out and vote today, RI! To find your polling place: https://vic.sos.ri.gov/vic/
