Today I visited Southern Connecticut State University  with President Mary Papazian, students, & future educators where we discussed college affordability and I unveiled my new bill, the Strengthening Forgiveness for Public Servants Act. This legislation changes the all-or-nothing structure of public service loan forgiveness to let people who work in public service receive proportional loan forgiveness.    The average college graduate in Connecticut owes more than $27,000 in student loan debt. We need to change that, and provide relief to so many Americans burdened by student debt. Share this. http://j.mp/1psrQhy
L'shannah tovah to all celebrating #RoshHashanah. Best wishes for a happy and healthy new year.
With Ambassador Samantha Power at #UNGA. She is an experienced and tireless advocate of the United States and an incredibly skilled diplomat.
Rosh Hashanah marks the start of the Jewish High Holidays and New Year.  It is an opportunity to gather with family and friends, reflect on the events of the past year, and recommit to living by the core values of the Jewish faith. It is also a time for hope that the new year will bring renewed peace to our lives and our loved ones.   I am proud to represent Pennsylvania’s vibrant Jewish community, and I wish a happy New Year to all who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah.  May we all strive to live out the values honored on this important occasion.  L’Shanah Tovah!
Wishing a happy New Year to all the Hoosiers and everyone around the world celebrating #RoshHashanah. -Joe
This Monday, September 29th, at 2:00pm ET, the Military Family Research Institute at Purdue and the eXtension Military Families Learning Network are hosting a webinar to help groups who work with military-affiliated communities to better understand the financial challenges that our servicemembers and veterans face. Holly Petraeus, Assistant Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Office of Servicemember Affairs, will be the guest speaker.
Our technology sector is doing amazing work. The solar panels on NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Mars #Maven explorer were originally developed by Sandia National Laboratories and designed by EMCORE Corporation in Albuquerque. #NMTrue #techtransfer 
Eligible urban, rural, and tribal communities across North Dakota can now apply to become designated Promise Zones – a federal program that helps them create jobs, spur economic growth, improve educational opportunities, and reduce violent crime. I encourage all eligible communities across the state to apply so they can have a chance to grow their economies, create more jobs, and help make their communities strong and safe. Click below to learn how to apply, see what the eligibility requirements are, and find out more information. http://1.usa.gov/1ohLdus  
I celebrated #HispanicHeritageMonth during a visit to Lake Anne Elementary School in Reston today. I joined three classes—a first grade class, a Spanish immersion class, and a Head Start class—to speak to students about the importance of Hispanic Heritage Month and read to them in English and Spanish.
L’Shanah Tovah! A happy and sweet New Year to everyone in Oregon celebrating #RoshHashanah.
Senator Manchin met with the dedicated cadets of the Civil Air Patrol at Grant County Airport.
Drug Take-Back Day is a simple and common sense initiative we can all rally around to combat drug abuse, and I hope all West Virginians will participate this Saturday, September 27 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.  For more information, including drop-off locations in your area, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=364e6880-a664-4c41-b1f7-8452e5f517e9
I stopped by Rhode Island Mushroom Co. today.  Thanks to Bob & Mike for showing me around and explaining how to grow the perfect mushroom.    A lot of great restaurants and farmers markets serve and sell their mushrooms.  It is good to see a local business that is growing from the ground up and creating sustainable jobs right here in Rhode Island.    Check them out online: http://www.rimushrooms.com/
ICYMI: Forbes ranked #Rochester and #Buffalo as two of the best cities for opportunity in the country. Looks like Western New York is the place to be! #WNY 
My veterans listening tour continues tomorrow in Miles City.  Join me at 10:30 a.m. at Miles City Community College, Room 106, 2715 Dickinson Street.
Last week, I introduced a bill with Senator Ron Wyden to improve the oversight and accountability of the nation’s intelligence community by expanding the mission of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.  As chairman of the appropriations subcommittee that funds the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, I have fought to ensure the board has the resources necessary to conduct rigorous oversight of the government's surveillance activities.  Expanding the board's jurisdiction to include all foreign intelligence activities will help further protect against the government's unacceptable infringement on Americans' privacy rights.  I know we can protect both our security and our constitutional rights, but we need two things for true reform: open debate and independent oversight.  This bill is an important step in expanding that oversight.
Wishing Virginia families gathering together to observe Rosh Hashanah, joy and hope and a peaceful beginning to the High Holy Days. It is my sincere hope that we can use this time to come together to build a better world for our children and grandchildren. On behalf of the Commonwealth, may you be inscribed for blessing in the Book of Life.
