These numbers are unacceptable. We owe our troops and Veterans better. Our Veterans Suicide and Mental Health Report offers several ideas to help and we're going to work on implementing some of these recommendations.
Happy Colorado day everyone. Today, our great state celebrates its 137th birthday. Looking pretty good for that age wouldn't you say? (Photo credit: John Fielder)
It's been one year since #Obamacare gave us no co-pay #birthcontrol! Millions more women can get it if they enroll in Obamacare on October 1st.
I am deeply troubled by #Russia’s decision to grant temporary asylum to Edward Snowden. Had a Russian citizen hacked into computers to gain sensitive national security information, there is no question that they would be in prison or worse. Edward #Snowden broke the law, and as such, Russia should have facilitated his return to the United States to stand trial.
Cardin, Mikulski Announce HUD Approval Of $8.6 Million Federal Community Development Block Grant Recovery Plan For Lower Shore Recovering From Super-Storm #Sandy   WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski, Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, (both D-Md.) today announced that the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has approved Maryland’s recovery plan to use $8.6 million in federal funding through the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program to help Lower Shore communities struggling to recover from Super-Storm Sandy. These funds were included in the Super-Storm Sandy Supplemental Appropriations bill which passed the Senate in January to help restore infrastructure and housing in communities hit hardest by the storm.  “Marylanders continue to rebuild their lives, their homes and their businesses long after Hurricane Sandy. The federal government has been a partner since day one with resources and support. The Community Development Block Grants from HUD are sorely needed and will help bridge the distance to making Crisfield and the surrounding area whole again,” said Senator Ben Cardin. “I will continue to work with HUD and other agencies to ensure that funds reach the people and neighborhoods most in need.”     “Super-Storm Sandy was one of the most destructive storms to ever hit the United States and had a measurable impact on Marylanders, especially on the residents of Somerset County. These funds in the federal checkbook will help those still reeling from the devastation of Sandy to recover and rebuild their lives, their livelihoods and their communities,” said Senator Mikulski, Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee that puts funds in the federal checkbook for all federal housing programs. “I’ve continued to fight hard with Team Maryland so that those hit hardest by this storm know they have a federal government on their side. I’ve seen first-hand the impact Super-Storm Sandy has had on communities like Crisfield. We’ve got businesses that need to restart and homes that need to be rebuilt. This Community Development Block Grant funding is welcome relief to residents of Somerset County that will help restore infrastructure and housing and help restore lives.”      Following HUD’s announcement in February that it would award Maryland $8.6 million in CDBG funding, grantees were required to develop and submit an action plan to HUD within 90 days to detail where funds will be allocated. Maryland’s initial recovery plan calls for a $4.4 million investment in a variety of housing and infrastructure activities in Somerset County.  It also includes $3 million to help owner-occupants rehabilitate or replace their homes.  In addition, the state plans to invest $1 million to assist small businesses that have unmet recovery needs.  Read Maryland’s disaster recovery plan here.     CDBG disaster funds are flexible aid for states and localities that can be used to address severely damaged housing, infrastructure, and assist with economic development in areas impacted by Sandy. To date, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided $33.2 million in federal individual and public assistance in #Maryland.  With the full support and backing of Team Maryland, FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency reversed its initial denial of Individual Disaster Assistance for Somerset County, approving approved this assistance, which provides critical housing assistance and disaster-related support for families and individuals coping with the immediate aftermath of the storm.
NA
Today, Joe and Senator Dan Coats introduced the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act, a bill that would give the VA and Army authority to remove criminals from national cemeteries. Read more:  http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-coats-introduce-bill-to-give-va-and-army-authority-to-remove-criminals-from-national-cemeteries
Share this news with your friends. This week, Senator Donnelly joined a bipartisan group in support of the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline because it would provide more energy security and produce more private sector jobs across the country.
Joe thinks Hoosiers and all Americans should have tax-free access to the internet.  Today, with Senators Wyden (D-OR) and Thune (R-SD), Joe helped introduce the Internet Tax Freedom Act.  This bill would make permanent the moratorium on state and local taxes on internet access.
Have you signed up for Senator Donnelly’s Coffee and Common Sense event in Indianapolis on Saturday? RSVP here.
6000 homeless veterans in Los Angeles is a disgrace, but a problem we can do something about. Today the VA is making a commitment to new housing, medical outreach and additional services for the more than 6,000 homeless veterans in Los Angeles.
Just introduced a bill with Senator Reid, Senator Heller and Senator Boxer to restore and protect Lake Tahoe Basin. The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act authorizes $415M to improve water clarity, reduce wildfire threat and combat invasive species.
Check out the summary of my Twitter town hall on education issues. Looking forward to many more. #AskHeidiH
It was great to spend time talking about education issues with North Dakotans during my first Twitter Town Hall this morning.  We talked about boosting early childhood education, helping students do their best in school, and enabling students and graduates to afford to go to college.  Thank you to everyone who participated.  I'm looking forward to holding more Twitter town halls on a variety of issues.
I just visited the Moms Demand Action lemonade stand & talked about commonsense steps we can take to reduce gun violence in Virginia & nationwide. Nora even gave me cookies for the road!
Today, I announced the Supreme Court Ethics Act of 2013 with Congresswoman Slaughter, Senator Blumenthal, and Senator Whitehouse. SCOTUS should adopt the same code of ethics that every other federal judge lives by.
This morning I had breakfast at Fort Belvoir with Jon and Melissa Meadows as Jon rehabs from injuries from Afghanistan. Jon is from Quaker Hill, CT, a true hero. His TBI from Afghanistan is worse bc of previous TBI from Iraq. One of 1000s wounded warriors. Jon was a "rabbit": drove the truck out front of convoys, looking for IEDs and ambushes. It's hard to imagine all he's been through. It was an honor and a privilege to meet him today and thank him for his service.
After leading a years-long, successful effort to correct mismanagement at Arlington National Cemetery, Claire today chaired a Senate hearing aimed at rooting out extensive, systemic problems plaguing the Pentagon program tasked with finding, identifying, and returning the remains of American military personnel missing in action.
It's a huge conflict of interest if you are allowed to bet on a price of a commodity while manipulating the price of a commodity. Regulators need to act.
My staff and I stayed busy in July, both in D.C. and in West Virginia.   See what we've been up to: http://bit.ly/15yOLkv
Pleased to meet and talk with this wonderful group of West Virginians from Shepherdstown Presbyterian Church yesterday.
I met today with Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, and I expressed my solid commitment to passing background checks legislation. We must take responsible steps to reduce gun violence.
Proud to see #Vassar leading the nation & giving students from all backgrounds a chance to get a great education.
Today the Senate moved to consider Senator Shaheen's bipartisan energy efficiency legislation, which will create jobs, save money and reduce pollution. It's what we call a win-win-win!
Senator Shaheen yesterday called on President Obama to do more to address the unacceptable claims backlog facing our nation's veterans. Click more to read more, via Roll Call.
Montanans have the right to know if they’re being spied on, and today I introduced a bill to get us more answers about the kind of information the government is collecting.  I will continue to fight against the government’s spy programs to protect our civil liberties.  LIKE this post and SHARE my speech below.
In the face of the sequester and extended fire seasons, our firefighters are facing enormous strain on both their resources and their health. This week, the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change held a Climate and Wildfire Forum with firefighters, state foresters, and the U.S. Forest Service to learn more about the issues they face and discuss what we can do to help. I wanted to take a moment to share a few of the highlights from the forum, especially the testimony from our firefighters.
Big day for Rhode Island and clean energy! Deepwater Wind secured the rights to construct commercial wind energy farms in federal waters off the coast of RI and MA. The Ocean State is poised to be a leader in the development of wind energy because of a state planning process that engaged all stakeholders, and federal funding for infrastructure upgrades to Quonset and ProvPort. I look forward to where we go from here.
We never had 'the conversation’ with my mother about what kind of care she wanted at the end of her life. When she developed advanced Alzheimer’s we were totally helpless. This bipartisan legislation would help patients and their families avoid that terrible situation by meeting with a team that can include, per the patient’s wishes, a doctor, nurse, social worker and a religious leader, to get information about the expected course of their disease, the pros and the cons of relevant treatments, and explanations of advanced medical directives. This will give patients more control over how they will live.
This bipartisan legislation will allow us to finally move forward on developing the Commonwealth Crossing Business Center. I’m proud that we’ve been able to work across the aisle and with state and local officials to remove this regulatory hurdle. This is a commonsense, bipartisan solution that will help create real jobs in Henry County.
