Honoring WWII Veterans today at the dedication of Delaware's WWII memorial in Dover.
Today we celebrate Larry Bird Day. We can all respect and take pride in Hoosier native, Olympian and legend Larry Bird.
It was great to celebrate the great work of the Three Rivers Crisis Center in Wahpeton which is celebrating its 20 years of service. The organization works outside of the spotlight, but the professionals at Three Rivers make a real difference in the lives of every single person who comes through their door. I will continue to work in the Senate on policies to further combat domestic violence and sexual assault - like the Violence Against Women Act which passed earlier this year.  But it's the folks on the ground all across North Dakota - at places like Three Rivers - who do the incredibly important work of providing services and helping these survivors come forward and heal - and most importantly letting them know they are not alone.
I was honored to spend the morning with veterans at Millbrook High School and thank them for their service.
Earlier this year, the Republican National Committee produced an "autopsy report" to offer "a path forward for the Republican Party to ensure success." I hope they'll read it:
In honor of Veterans Day, entrance fees are waived at all National Parks and National Forests this weekend. While access to many of these areas are already free, now is a great time to explore some of New Mexico's treasured lands. For a list of National Parks and monuments in the state, visit: http://1.usa.gov/hFmJJd
 
 Information on the five national forests and the national grassland in New Mexico is available at: http://1.usa.gov/1hVWwrn
Lots of incredible fall photos from the Commonwealth already! Make sure to like your favorites and keep 'em coming.  (staff)
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
