A new low: George Will using his coveted status to proclaim that rape victims have a "coveted status." 
The VA needs to do better, and soon. The bill we just passed gives the VA tools to begin to bring down wait-times and bring VA medical care up to the quality we should expect for our country’s veterans. This is only the first step in many, and we must commit to continued diligence as these changes are implemented and the agency makes the structural reforms necessary to improve its ability to be effective and responsive. That includes improving access to care in rural areas and improving the process for building new health care facilities, like the VA hospital under construction in Aurora that has been riddled with complications.
309,000 people in Connecticut would have benefited from the Bank on Students Emergency Refinancing Act, but the Republicans just blocked the bill. This legislation would have allowed current borrowers to refinance their loans, and we'd pay for it by closing loopholes that allow some millionaires to pay a lower tax rate that the middle class.   Looks like the Republicans made their choice.
Senator Jay Rockefeller introduced the Children’s Health Insurance Program (#CHIP)  Extension Act of 2014. Created in 1997, the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) provides high-quality, cost-effective health care to children and pregnant women across the United States through state-run health insurance plans. Since 1997 the number of uninsured children has been cut in half and 8 million children have access to care who otherwise would not- because of CHIP.   Current funding for CHIP is set to expire Sept. 30 2015, it is critically important that we pass this reauthorization to make sure the most vulnerable among us have access to the care they need.   Please share this and join me in urging the Senate to pass this legislation ASAP. #EXTENDCHIP
#StudentLoan debt is out of control. It slows economic growth and essentially prices many bright Americans out of higher education (at a time when our country needs an educated workforce). Today, U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and U.S. Senate Democrats brought The #BankonStudent Act to the floor in an attempt to give students a #FairShot at an affordable education by allowing them to pay off their loans at a reasonable rate. Sadly, the Senate Minority filibustered the measure- showing they would rather shield billionaires then invest in students. Disappointing.
Fixing the problems at the VA isn’t a partisan issue. It’s a shared responsibility between Congress, the administration, and the VA’s leadership.   Today, the Senate took an important first step by passing a bill that increases accountability at the VA and improves services for veterans who rely on the high-quality VA health care every veteran deserves.
NA
 “Our veterans deserve timely access to the very best care we can provide. This bill strengthens our ability to hold VA officials accountable for their job performance. It also takes steps necessary to help cut wait times and ensure veterans get quick access to quality care whether from the VA or other providers in our communities.  While passage of this bill marks critical progress, there is a lot left to do to ensure veterans get the care they deserve. I won’t stop working until we are fully delivering on the promises made to Hoosier heroes in return for their service.” -Senator Donnelly after helping pass bipartisan VA legislation
#ICYMI: Riley Children’s Hospital at IU Health ranked in the top 100 pediatric hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report. Keep up the great work!
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Carmeuse Lime has announced plans to invest up to $10 million in a new green technology facility in Gary. The plant is expected to create an estimated 100 jobs over the next three years while reducing carbon emissions anywhere from 20 to 80 percent. 
Senate came together today to pass bill reducing VA wait times, increasing accountability. Must fix these problems.
Truck drivers work long hours under tough circumstances. We must help ensure proper rest periods to counter fatigue.
Just returned from the Senate floor after voting to give students a fair shot at the future. I'm disappointed the Bank on Students Act was blocked. This bill is critical for borrowers with enormous debt.
Crushing student loan debt is a serious economic issue in this country that prevents many from starting a family or business, and impedes many from saving for retirement. Higher education is one of the most important investments a person can make for their future, and everyone should have the opportunity to afford it.  The Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act would have benefited thousands of New Mexicans. Senate Republicans who decided to filibuster this measure should reconsider their priorities and allow this bill to move forward so we can provide immediate relief to student loan borrowers and strengthen our economy.
Today the Senate passed a bipartisan bill to address many of the systemic problems in the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system. This bill is a step in the right direction toward achieving what should be everyone’s goal: Providing quality health care to those who served. 
At today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing today, I stressed the need to make dramatic changes in Native American education programs instead of just tweaking around the edges and hoping for different results. 
Today the Bismarck Municipal Airport received a nearly $500,000 federal grant to upgrade the runway. After the FAA Administrator visited North Dakota, the agency has realized the need to invest in North Dakota’s airports, which are seeing a growing demand of air travel, and I’ll urge them to continue these much needed investments. 
As our conflicts overseas come to an end and hundreds of thousands of veterans are coming home, it is clear that the demands of the VA have been enormously stretched. However, that is no excuse for the VA’s atrocious mismanagement nor the extensive problems we see at the VA today. We have a responsibility to our veterans to make sure they receive quality health care at every facility, and it is essential to uphold that commitment.   In order to make sure our veterans receive the care that they need and deserve, the VA must be comprehensively reformed. Any failure on the part of the VA to care for our large veterans population is simply unacceptable.   That is why I am pleased that many of my colleagues have come together in a bipartisan way and recognized the urgency in making sure our veterans have immediate access to the services they need. I thank Senators Sanders and McCain for their leadership and their work to find balanced solutions to begin fixing the VA’s numerous inefficiencies. I will continue to closely monitor the VA’s implementation of their reforms as well as all internal investigations conducted by the VA.
Today, the Senate acted to ensure that our nation’s veterans receive the care they deserve. This bipartisan legislation starts the process of increasing accountability and improving care at VA facilities.  I’ve been greatly concerned by the results of an audit showing the VA is not serving the needs of Nevada’s veterans. I hope the legislation we passed today will help the VA facilities in Nevada get back on track.  For more details on the legislation we passed, please read this: http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/recent-business/senate-oks-sanders-mccain-va-reform-bill
Dave Brat, the Republican congressional candidate who defeated House Majority Leader Eric Cantor last night, has said the “the Republican Party has been paying too much attention to Wall Street and not enough to Main Street.” We just saw another example of that during the Senate vote today regarding student loans.
America’s service men and women are the best in the world.  Yesterday, Senator Schatz joined Marines at the Marine Corps Sunset Parade, where they honored the Hawaii congressional delegation.
“King Kamehameha’s legacy remains part of what makes Hawaii so special. Today, we remember most his strength of purpose, his commitment to Hawaii and her people, and his ever-enduring spirit.  This above all lives on in his name and especially on this day.” – BES  Over the weekend, Senator Schatz helped honor the legacy of King Kamehameha at a lei draping ceremony in the U.S. Capitol.
The VA is suffering from a systemic failure that is affecting the health and wellbeing of our nation's heroes, and it's clear we need action to restore transparency and accountability. The bipartisan bill we passed today is a strong step forward for New Mexico veterans that will shorten wait times, give the VA the power to remove senior officials for poor performance, and ensure veterans can receive care outside the VA if they need it. We still have a lot of work to do to ensure we're keeping our promise to our veterans. I'm going to keep working to get to the bottom of the problems in New Mexico and nationwide and ensure people are held accountable for their actions.
A key part of growing New Mexico's economy is making sure students and graduates have a fair shot at affording college without being crushed by debt. This week the Senate is set to vote on a bill I've cosponsored that would let students and their families with outstanding loan debt refinance at lower rates.   Click here to see how much money you'd save if the Senate passed our bill, and share it with others to support the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act:  http://democrats.senate.gov/student-debt-calculator/#.U5YDdy9Ddho
Pleased that the Senate just passed VA reform legislation, which included my bipartisan proposal to enlist private sector technology companies to assist the VA in fixing its broken scheduling system.    A recent audit of the VA revealed more than 57,000 veterans have waited at least three months for initial appointments, and an additional 64,000 veterans who requested appointments never received them.   Our veterans deserve much better.
