Tonight, I will be joining more than two dozen of my colleagues at an “all-nighter” on the Senate floor to urge action on climate change. So many Senators coming together for an all-night session shows our commitment to wake up Congress to the dangers of climate change.  You can join us tonight on social media using the hashtag #Up4Climate, or watch us live from approximately 7PM ET/4PM PT to 9AM ET/6AM PT Tuesday morning on C-SPAN 2 or at http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
I'm #Up4Climate because we can't go down without a fight.
U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.) released the following statement expressing his deepest respects for the late Leo Bretholz who passed Saturday at his home in Pikesville. Bretholz was a Holocaust survivor and resistance fighter who turned his story into the memoir Leap Into Darkness. In 1947 Bretholz emigrated to Baltimore, entered the publishing business and shared his story with audiences worldwide. At the time of his death Bretholz was advocating for reparations for Holocaust survivors who were transported to the camps by the French railroad company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer Francais (SNCF).    “Myrna and I are mourning the loss of Leo Bretholz. Leo was a warm and loving man who inspired countless people around the world. He was a man of unique strength and courage. As a young man he used every ounce of that strength and courage to escape a Nazi railcar bound for Auschwitz. After escaping Leo joined the underground resistance movement in France as part of Armée Juvie. His efforts during the war saved countless lives. Leo was more than a hero; he was a role model for us all. After witnessing humanity at its worst, he responded with his best. His effort to seek justice for Holocaust victims was beyond admirable. I take solace in the fact that Leo Bretholz was able to contribute so much to this world in his 93 years.  My prayers go out to his children and grandchildren.”
One game stands between our beloved Blue Hens men’s basketball team and a ticket to March Madness.  We’re all behind our boys- let’s show William & Mary and the nation what the First State is all about.
Calling the uninsured in Sussex County: please consider attending today’s healthcare enrollment event at DelTech in Georgetown. If you can’t attend please visit ChooseHealthDE.com to enroll and share this image!
A reminder to students applying for financial aid—your FAFSA is due by 11:59pm tonight.
Earlier today Joe had the opportunity to meet the 2012 IU Men’s Soccer Championship team before they went to the White House for a special recognition ceremony.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Linking Michiana will hold its 3rd annual job fair in Howe on March 25, which is expected to feature more than 20 companies hiring for approx. 900 openings.
FERC takes an important first step to guard against attacks on the electric grid—like the one that nearly knocked out a substation in San Jose.
How often does Congress speak unanimously? The Senate just voted 97-0 to approve Claire's bipartisan legislation, boosting already historic reforms in our recent defense bill, to curb sex crimes in the military. Here's her take:  “Unanimous agreement in the U.S. Senate is pretty rare—but rarer still is the kind of sweeping, historic change we’ve achieved over the past year in the military justice system. Today the Senate voted to strengthen even further what is now one of the most victim-friendly justice systems in the world, in which every victim will get their own lawyer, commanders will be held accountable, and more perpetrators will see the inside of a brig. I’ll continue fighting alongside Senator Kelly Ayotte and Deb Fischer to get this bill across the finish line, and continue overseeing the aggressive implementation of these many historic reforms.”  #MST
"A former prosecutor, McCaskill said she spent her legal career supporting sex-crime victims at a time few others would. “The guys in my office used to laugh at the cases I’d take to court,’’ she said. “I took three guys who took a stripper home to court, and got them all three convicted.’’  McCaskill says that taking the prosecution of sex crimes in the military out of the chain of command would have resulted in fewer prosecutions, not more, because prosecutors, she said, 'get seduced by a win-loss record, and don’t want to take a loser to court.'" Read more from Sunday's Washington Post: 
NA
It's absolutely critical that we keep the dangerous drug Zohydro off the market. The prescription drug problem ravaging our nation is already an epidemic. Also, I'm deeply troubled that the reason for Zohydro's approval may be linked to allegations that the FDA gave prescription drug manufacturers the opportunity to pay thousands of dollars for the privilege to attend private meetings with FDA officials.   Read the letter I wrote to Secretary Sebelius urging the reversal of Zohydro's approval:
My Senate Democratic colleagues and I are #Up4Climate tonight. We need to address the climate crisis because it's a fundamental question of our survival. Nevada has shown that reducing our reliance on fossil fuels is good for the economy and for the environment. http://youtu.be/srd7bBaobfc
Working with Jamestown native #TaylorSmetska to expedite the visa application process for her husband, Kostya, who is in #Ukraine and was unable to leave the country with his wife and infant daughter. Taylor’s story is a reminder of all families torn apart by the crisis in Ukraine; we’ll do all we can to help.
Everyone had a terrific time at Huntington's 80th St Patrick's Day Parade!
Congratulations to Montana’s National Science Bowl regional champions from Will James Middle School in Billlings and Helena High.  Join me in wishing them good luck as they prepare for the National Science Bowl in Washington, D.C. next month.
I'm very glad we were able to pass the Victims Protection Act of 2014, a bill to improve sexual assault prevention measures and response systems in the military. Our armed forces are the finest in the world; they deserve our pride and support, and the vast majority of the members of our military conduct themselves with honor and dignity. But reforms to the way the military handles sexual assaults are long past due, and the measures we passed today are a step in the right direction. Individuals who commit the horrible acts of rape and sexual assault should be held accountable, and victims should be able to find protection from their predators. That's what this bill does, and I hope the House will take it up soon for the victims and their families who have been traumatized by these terrible crimes.
In case you missed it, voting has begun in our #ShowcaseNM photo contest - a gallery of the best winter photos uploaded by people all across New Mexico. The number of "likes" on the photo will determine the winner, so pick your favorite and share with your friends! Thanks to everyone for participating, and stay tuned for information about future photo contests.
The cost of Congress' inaction on climate change is too high for our communities, our kids and grandkids, and our economy. Tonight I’m joining more than 25 other Senators for a series of speeches lasting through the night. Our message will be clear: it’s time for Congress to wake up and get serious about addressing climate change.
Cool article today on the work STAY Southwest is doing to keep young folks in SWVA. Special shout out to Drew Lumpkin, who works in my Abingdon office, for his great work founding the group.
