Thank you for your concern. Everyone in our office is safe. Please keep the injured and those who responded in your thoughts and prayers. -Joe
On behalf of everyone in my office, I want to thank the Capitol Police and our first responders for the risks that they take everyday to keep us safe. My thoughts and prayers are with the injured officer and his family.
Honored to visit with our WWII veterans from New Mexico today at their memorial in Washington, D.C. These men exemplify the highest ideals of service to our nation.
There is support in both chambers to reopen the government with no strings attached. House Republicans can and should end this shutdown TODAY and pass the Senate’s clean funding bill. #DemandAVote
NA
I was glad to answer phone calls in my front office this morning and hear from West Virginians about the government shutdown.
As I told CNN tonight, I made some important concessions to Speaker Boehner in order to reach a deal that would avert a government shutdown. But unfortunately Speaker Boehner couldn't deliver.
I really wish Speaker Boehner would allow a vote on the one bill that would prevent a shutdown. The Senate has passed a clean bill to fund the government, and already, 20 House Republicans have indicated they would vote for it.
“I want to thank the Capitol Police and all law enforcement agencies involved for their brave and swift response. All staff and members of the Hawai‘i delegation are out of harm's way and accounted for, and we followed the appropriate procedures for this type of emergency. Mahalo to everyone in Hawai‘i who reached out to make sure that we are safe."
From Senators Schatz and Hirono: "Everyone in our offices are safe and accounted for. Our thoughts are with Capitol police & first responders."
I'm very grateful to the law enforcement officers who acted quickly and professionally during the incident near the Capitol this afternoon. The Sergeant at Arms reports that an officer was injured, and he's in our thoughts and prayers. This incident was a vivid reminder of just how important our first responders are to the safety of communities all across our country, and as always, we're so thankful for the work they do to keep us safe.
Today I was so pleased to meet with an impressive group of WWII veterans visiting their memorial from New Mexico. They are truly the greatest generation, and I was honored to talk with them and thank them for their service to our country.
NASA/Langley in Hampton, VA has 3,500 employees: all but SEVEN have been furloughed.  This story makes me proud of the quality people who make-up Virginia's federal workforce. 
