Congratulations to Deb Carey of the New Glarus Brewing Co., on being invited to attend last night's State of the Union for her work in creating a small business, creating jobs, and keeping it made in Wisconsin!
Oak Creek Police Lt. Brian Murphy, the Wisconsin hero who was wounded while responding to the tragic temple shooting this past August, has been invited to watch the State of the Union address in the First Lady's box. Read more at the link.
This Valentine's Day, share some love with Newtown. Share the Sandy Hook Promise Valentine with friends & family.
I asked, and you answered. These are the most commonly used words in your comments to me on the President’s State of the Union Speech. And the President raised many of the issues you wanted to discuss. From reducing gun violence, to comprehensive immigration reform, to improving our economy and the lives of the middle class, President Obama set forth an image of America that we must work for in the year ahead.
This evening the President outlined a wide range of economic proposals that are really about restoring the American Dream ¬– creating an America where the middle class isn’t squeezed into poverty and the wealthy pay their fair share. The President also understands that restoring the American Dream will not be possible if we do not tackle the social issues that plague this nation – namely gun violence and immigration. When 20 children and six educators are slaughtered in a schoolhouse, and when immigrants who desperately want to contribute to this nation cannot – the American Dream becomes a dream deferred. I look forward to working with my colleagues on a bipartisan basis to keep this nation on a path toward progress
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski (both D-MD) today were joined by U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and  Kirsten Gillibrand (both D-NY) in introducing legislation in the 113th Congress to honor the life of Harriet Ross Tubman, the most famous “conductor” of the anti-slavery resistance network known as the Underground Railroad.  U.S. Congressman Dan Maffei (NY-24) also will be introducing a companion bill in the House of Representatives.   The Harriet Tubman National Historical Park and The Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Historical Park Act, S. 247, will establish two National Historic Parks, one in Maryland and one in New York. The National Historical Park in Maryland will trace Tubman’s early life on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, where she was born and later escaped from slavery to become one of the leaders on the Underground Railroad.  The National Historical Park in New York will be located in Auburn and will focus on her later years where she was active in the women’s suffrage movement and in providing for the welfare of aged African Americans.
Today, I held my first hearing as Chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. The topic? The crisis at the U.S. Postal Service and how we can perhaps solve it. Check out the video at the link below; the hearing kicks off at the 21:45 mark.
NA
NA
I was gratified that the President made jobs the focus of his address.  While the economy has made good progress, there is no doubt that more needs to be done. I was particularly grateful that he recognized the need for investments in the manufacturing sector.  I have fought to level the playing field for Pennsylvania manufacturers and have called for investments in manufacturing initiatives like the Workforce Investment Act (WIA) programs, Research and Development Tax Credit, the National Export Initiative, and the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership.  It is imperative that Republicans and Democrats work together on a balanced approach to reduce the deficit while making smart investments in manufacturing, education, small business and R&D that will continue to create jobs.
Our legislative team dissected the president's State of the Union address so they could provide a thorough analysis on a range of issues that were discussed. This post is about how America can be a leader in energy innovation.
President Obama will deliver the annual State of the Union address shortly. What issues are you hoping he will address this evening?
“Domestic violence tears too many homes apart and rips at the fabric of our communities. The Senate again took a stand to end these horrific crimes by reauthorizing and strengthening the Violence Against Women Act.  I urge the House to do likewise, because domestic abuse isn’t a partisan issue – it impacts men, women and children from all walks of life.”
Assistant Majority Leader Dick Durbin (D-IL) chaired a hearing today of the Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights that examined how proposals being considered in the Senate to reduce gun violence are both constitutional and common sense.
Joe voted YES for VAWA because it is a common sense bill that protects Hoosiers back home. Everyone, no matter who they are, deserves equal protections against violence in this country.
Joe voted for the Violence Against Women Act because we need to stand up for all survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking. 27 out of every 100,000 Hoosiers have been raped, and with VAWA, these survivors will receive the protection they deserve.
Some good news to share with your friends this week. Valeo, a leading global manufacturer, announced plans to expand operations at its Greensburg location. With this $15.5 million investment, an estimated 200 jobs will be added or retained by 2014. This production site is one of 16 around the country, and with this announcement, we’re looking forward to more Hoosiers receiving the jobs that they desire most. Like this post and let’s continue to spread good economic news throughout Indiana.
President Obama is right: Americans deserve a vote. Gabrielle Giffords deserves a vote. The families of Sandy Hook, Aurora and Oak Creek deserve a vote.
886 mayors across the United States have endorsed the Assault Weapons Ban. It’s time to act.
I just left the State of the Union. The president covered some very important topics tonight.
Like President Obama, I believe a strong economy begins with a thriving middle class.   http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339661
Ran into Lisa Murkowski at the National American Indian Housing Council meeting. Looking forward to working together on these issues.
Discussed agriculture policy with Shawn Schafer, a deer farmer from Turtle Lake.
NA
My reaction to the President's State of the Union speech http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hP5jIxRUzYk&feature=youtu.be
Senator Leahy urges House leaders to act promptly on VAWA, and not to begin choosing which victims to cover.
Today I was joined by members of national civil rights organizations & Congressional leaders in calling for Congress to act on our bill to establish Harriet Tubman national parks. Harriet Tubman was a courageous American hero – she bore the lash, bore the pain, then came back to run the freedom train.   As we mark Black History month, let’s get Congress to act & establish these parks to honor the legacy of Harriet Tubman.
Senator Mikulski joined with national civil rights organizations and Congressional leaders in calling for action on legislation to establish two national parks to honor the life and legacy of Harriet Ross Tubman, the most famous “conductor” on the Underground Railroad.
R.I.P. Valentine Murphy  Increasingly, people who do things for others want to be noticed for their efforts. There is a loudness to some philanthropy that didn't used to exist. And I admit, it's hard for me to criticize those who want recognition for their good deeds since I put out a press release every time I do something (that I consider to be) good. But there was nothing loud about the way my grandfather, Val Murphy, made his mark in life. He gave back simply because he understood it to be his duty to do so. Maybe it was because he grew up in awe of the munificence of his beloved sister, Eileen, who basically raised her younger brother after their mother died when Val was two, and their father died twelve short years later. Or maybe it was because of the heroic acts he witnessed during World War II, when he traveled through Europe with Patton's Third Army building bridges for troops to cross, earning a Purple Heart along the way. Wherever he got his inspiration, he put it into action when he returned home to Connecticut after the war. He helped build a successful engineering business, and built great buildings throughout Connecticut like the stilts building in Hartford. But he truly shined outside of work. He was President of the Civitan Club, the local swim club, and his church's non-profit housing corporation. He served on boards, from Hartford Hospital to Jefferson House. And in between all of this, he raised three amazing sons, including my father, each instilled with the same sense of community and generosity that their dad possessed. "Pop", as his eight grandchildren called him, did lots of good things for lots of people, and never asked for any recognition in return. He was the model of quiet dignity his entire life - even up to the point where he passed away quietly early Monday morning at the age of 96.  Our Pop was a reminder that the best noise sometimes comes with no volume attached at all.  http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=valentine-l-murphy&pid=163042077&fhid=4082#fbLoggedOut
My thoughts on the State of the Union tonight. Check it out: http://bit.ly/12e9haD
Today, Claire announced her new chairmanship over the Subcommittee on Financial & Contracting Oversight by putting federal agencies “on notice.” Through this new committee, Claire will use her experience as a former auditor and prosecutor to crack down on waste and abuse of taxpayer dollars.   Learn more about her new subcommittee, here: http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/political-fix/mccaskill-investigative-power-goes-government-wide-in-duties-shift/article_fa3c27a2-635f-5540-888b-bce684619996.html
"We already know the biggest challenges facing our country, but we also already know the obstacles. As the President pointed out, tackling the debt in a comprehensive, balanced way would unleash enough capital to boost jobs in every sector of the economy. Missouri needs those jobs, and our families and businesses need economic certainty. But we get nowhere without bipartisan compromise, and elected officials have got to give a little, so everyone can get a lot. That's why I'm personally committed to continuing my work with Republicans and Democrats to cut more spending, clean special goodies out of the tax code, and continue to boost job opportunities." - Claire on tonight's State of the Union
At tonight’s State of the Union, you’ll find Claire sitting next to the newly-elected Republican Senator from Nebraska Deb Fischer. Will you be watching the President’s address tonight?
Few Americans have helped this great country reach for the stars more than General Chuck Yeager. Long before there were astronauts, there was Chuck Yeager, a fearless test pilot, a true aviation pioneer paving the way for America’s exploration of the galaxy.   Chuck is a man of extraordinary skill and legendary courage. He has an unparalleled sense of duty and service to his country, risking his life over and over again. He is a great West Virginian.  He is a great American.  And on his 90th birthday, he still is, without a doubt, a man with the Right Stuff.  Watch my Senate floor speech. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA7o_K9rUy0&feature=youtu.be
Chuck Yeager Day 2013
Happy 90th birthday to my dear friend General Chuck Yeager, a great West Virginian, a true American hero and a pioneer who's never stopped achieving excellence. Few Americans have been as unwavering and as relentless as Chuck Yeager and today I salute him for his long and courageous service to this great country.
NA
Last night President Obama outlined an agenda that will restore the core value that makes this nation great: fairness. But our efforts to restore prosperity will mean little unless Congress acts to deal with sequestration budget cuts set to take effect next month.   Democrats believe we should replace this harsh austerity with a balanced approach that targets wasteful spending and asks the wealthiest among us to contribute a little more to reduce the deficit. Republicans would rather cut Medicare, education and medical research.    It is time to remember that fairness is not just a principle for which to strive, but a powerful engine of growth and prosperity for all Americans.
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
NA
NA
NA
LIKE this post to join me in telling the Postmaster General that cutting mail service will unfairly burden rural America and force many Montanans to stop using the Postal Service.
Today I joined Congresswoman Chellie Pingree and Ruth Moore to introduce the Ruth Moore Act that makes it easier for military sexual assault survivors to get the benefits they deserve.
Washington can learn a lot from the success of New Mexico businesses. Today, Janice Lucero, founder and CEO of MVD Express, met with Democratic Senators to discuss best practices in strengthening America’s economy. Our business community is working hard to create jobs and they deserve our continued support, and I was proud to invite Janice to share her work on a national level.
Last night, I joined 76 of my colleagues in the Senate to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, which includes my provision to prevent teen dating violence. Now it's time for the House to do the same.
 
 Please SHARE this image to help demonstrate why we must move forward on VAWA.
The President is spot-on. The American people deserve a Congress that will, at the very least, allow a vote on the proposed solutions to the gun violence epidemic.
Tonight, I’m hoping that President Obama will reiterate his commitment to addressing climate change. That’s why my guest for tonight’s State of the Union Address is a Rhode Islander leader who has seen the local affects of climate change up close and has been working to minimize the damage to our coastal communities, Grover Fugate, Executive Director of the Rhode Island Coastal Resources Management Council.  Please join me in welcoming Grover and to learn more about him, click here: http://1.usa.gov/Z92DBu
Ambar Pinto is a 19-year-old Fairfax resident, a student at Northern Virginia Community College, and an undocumented immigrant who was brought to America by her parents when she was 12. Ambar was also Senator Warner's guest at last night's State of the Union speech.  Ambar – and Senator Warner – are advocates for the Dream Act and for comprehensive immigration reform. Senator Warner invited Ambar after reading about her struggles as an undocumented student in the Richmond Times-Dispatch.   In the video below, Senator Warner and Ambar talk in Spanish about the need for immigration reform.  "Esta es la nueva cara de Virginia,” Senator Warner said. “Por lo tanto es importante que tengan nuestro apoyo y esperanza para un mejor mañana.”  (staff)
We need your help picking a winter-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
I was pleased the President began his speech with a strong call for a bipartisan grand bargain to continue to address our deficits and debt.  A balanced plan that includes additional revenue, smarter spending cuts and responsible entitlement reform -- and avoids the self-inflcted wounds from sequester -- is a key component of any economic growth agenda.  The President also endorsed a proposal I unveiled last week to work to double our nation's energy productivity by 2030, and I look forward to helping to lead the effort to make smart investments to rebuild our nation's infrastructure.  We will have many opportunities in the weeks and months ahead to work together to strengthen the economic recovery and move our country forward.
Great to meet today with Ambar Pinto, a student, Virginian, undocumented immigrant & my guest for tonight's State of the Union speech.
Today Senators Jack Reed, Sherrod Brown and I called for an up-or-down vote for Rich Cordray to lead the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The CFPB has already been making a real difference - and the uncertainty of his nomination for two years is costly to everyone. Political stalemates don't end in more government or less government, but in bad government - government that lacks the clarity and predictability that our businesses need to plan for the future, to serve their customers, and to create jobs.
This morning I hosted Beth Williams, the CEO of Boston's Roxbury Technology, at a job creators forum to talk about their success. My colleagues can learn a lot from companies like Roxbury Technology.
