Today marks the 60th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education, a decision by our Supreme Court that was arguably the most momentous court decision in our country’s history.   I hope that today’s anniversary will serve as a reminder to us all of what this kind of work can achieve, and an inspiration to never stop fighting for what we believe. -RB   http://j.mp/RKAJd8
#CaliforniaChrome had a good day in #Baltimore. Congrats, hope everyone enjoyed #Preakness.
#Preakness is finally here, a great day in an amazing city in the best state. Who's your pick to take the second jewel in the triple crown?
60 years ago today, the Supreme Court handed down the unanimous decision in Brown v. Board of Education to outlaw racial segregation in our schools. On this anniversary, I want to thank those who battled for the inalienable right of equality, including those in Delaware, and who still are working to keep the right to a great education for all alive.
Each and every day we should show our appreciation to our nation’s heroes, but today, on Armed Forces Day, I especially encourage all West Virginians to take the time to thank a veteran or current serving member of the National Guard, Reserve or active military. Both past and present, our military members are truly the greatest in the world, serving our nation with unsurpassed courage, patriotism and dedication. Because of the bravery and valor of the members of our Armed Forces, we remain safe and secure. Today, I join a grateful nation in celebrating this day in their honor.  http://www.defense.gov/afd/images/ArmedForcesPOSTERproofFINAL_3613.jpg 
Congrats to the Class of 2014! Honored to deliver the commencement address at Great Bay Community College today. #gbcc2014
On Armed Forces Day, let's remember all the men and women who proudly serve our nation.
I'm lucky to represent a state with such a vibrant and dedicated environmental community.  Rhode Island faces serious environmental challenges - like the effects of climate change - but addressing these challenges presents opportunities to create clean energy jobs and grow our economy.  I was glad to discuss these issues with Environment Rhode Island, Senator Jack Reed, and Congressman David Cicilline today, and I'll continue working with Rhode Island’s environmental community on our state’s behalf.
60 years after #BrownvBoard, I want to celebrate the brave young Virginian, Barbara Johns, who led her classmates in a walkout to protest the inequality of segregated schools. Her courageous efforts played a monumental role in the decision to rule school segregation unconstitutional.
