This week, I sat down with USA TODAY Opinion to discuss a wide range of issues facing our nation - including our push in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee for comprehensive postal reform, my thoughts on combating Islamic State extremists abroad, and more. 
#ICYMI: Meijer announced this week plans to hire 1,800 people for the upcoming holiday season. Visit http://jobs.meijer.com/search/indiana to apply.
On September 3rd, 2014, Joe hosted U.S. Secretary of Labor Tom Perez for a series of visits with Indiana workers, students, and employers to discuss and highlight some of the innovative job training approaches in the Indianapolis area.  U.S. Representative Andre Carson joined them for the visit.
The United States Senate Youth Program not only provides delegates with the chance to represent our state in our nation’s capital, but it also helps instill a lifelong commitment to public service and provides them with a college scholarship to help with tuition costs. I encourage New Mexico students interested in learning about the U.S. Senate and our federal government to apply for this fantastic opportunity. 
An excellent commentary that provides a very clear explanation of the complexity of the situation in the Middle East. 
Our aviation industry is helping make it possible for our local and state economies to thrive, and enabling so much of the growth and development to take place in North Dakota. At the North Dakota General Aviation Jobs Rally in Grand Forks, I talked about how we have the opportunity to build the workforce of today and tomorrow so that it’s filled with North Dakotans who can do the high-tech work that is part of this growing industry. It’s one of the many reasons why we need to continue investing in STEM education to help our students learn the science, technology, engineering, and math fields that will help them innovate, create, and harness these jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1qu7hGx
Yesterday, I visited Naval Station Rota in Rota, Spain. During my visit, I observed a joint U.S.-Spanish military exercise, discussed embassy security with U.S. Marines from Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force for Crisis Response (SPMAGTF) based at Morón Air Base, and toured the destroyer USS Donald Cook, previously homeported in Norfolk and an example of U.S. commitment to European security. I also had the opportunity to meet with servicemembers from Virginia. You can read more about my visit here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/kaine-codel-visits-naval-station-rota-meets-with-virginia-servicemembers
At a farm in East Montpelier, Senator Patrick Leahy and Representative Peter Welch Thursday encouraged Vermont’s dairy farmers to enroll in the new Margin Protection Program (MPP) and announced a series of workshops for interested participants.  For more information, and for resources for Vermont Dairy Farmers, click here.  http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-welch-encourage-dairy-farmers-to-sign-up-for-new-insurance-program-
It’s time to stand up & restore transparency in our elections!  A few years ago, the Supreme Court opened the floodgates for unlimited campaign cash from corporations with the disastrous Citizens United decision. We must correct this injustice.  On Monday, we’ll vote in the Senate on the Democracy for All amendment to overturn Citizens United & allow governments to distinguish between people & corporations. I’ll certainly be proud to vote for it.
Rising costs are putting college out of reach for more & more Americans – we must do all we can to change this dynamic.
Don't forget to RSVP to IHireVets@manchin.senate.gov if you are planning to attend the veterans employment forum next week. Again, this is a fantastic opportunity to sit down in a small group setting with  business and political leader to discuss veterans issues and policy options. For more information, please visit my website:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=26cdbc0f-0697-44f5-a274-1dda679c6bc9
Tune in to C-SPAN on Monday for a historic debate in the Senate on how to fix our broken campaign finance system. Next week, the Senate will vote on my proposal to make it clear in the Constitution that the American people have the power to regulate spending in elections. Voters in New Mexico and across the country have called loudly for sensible campaign finance reforms to create a level playing field and take control of elections out of the hands of corporations and billionaires and give it back to American voters. Momentum for meaningful reform continues to grow, and I hope my colleagues will demonstrate to their constituents that it’s time to restore our nation’s founding principle -- a democracy of, by, and for the people. Follow along Monday on C-SPAN or at www.c-span.org.
Today’s 5th annual RI Energy and Environmental Leaders Day was a huge success. It was great hearing from Environmental Protection Agency  Administrator Gina McCarthy on the need to #ActOnClimate, oceanographer Sylvia A. Earle on her work to save our oceans, and Jeff Goodell on his career as a climate journalist. Many thanks to the Rhode Islanders who made this year’s #EEDayRI a great one! Already looking forward to next year!
In less than 24 hours, more than 300 women have signed up for this year's Virginia Women's Conference. Don't miss out on this great event, register now! 
