Congratulations to both #NobelPeacePrize winners, Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi, who have fought courageously for the rights of children and young people to pursue their dreams free from fear and oppression. Malala has given a voice to the millions of young women and girls around the world who are still fighting for education & equal rights.  
Earlier this week, Tammy was honored to join Susan Happ for Attorney General, Congressman Mark Pocan, and hosts Eve and Mark Galanter at a great Wisconsin Dems event. With 25 days to go until Election Day, we need to make every one count for these terrific candidates!
I congratulate #MalalaYousafzai (Malala Fund) on her #NobelPeacePrize. I also thank her for her tireless work on behalf of women and girls worldwide. Malala Yousafzai knows women are the barometer of a nations success/stability. Her work ensures a brighter future for us all
A person who works full-time at the federal #minimumwage for an entire year will earn $15,080. There is not a single State in our Nation in which a minimum wage worker can afford a two-bedroom unit at Fair Market Rent, working a standard 40-hour work week, according to the National Low Income Housing Coalition.  I stand with U.S. Senate Democrats, we need to #RaiseTheWage
Yesterday I was Principal for a Day at Lake Forest Central Elementary school. After the bell rang and the dust settled, somehow the school was still standing!  Thanks to Delaware State Chamber for making it happen - what a great experience!
We shouldn't be afraid to talk about mental health. It's Mental Illness Awareness Week, so let's talk about it! More: NAMI Delaware
Joe stopped by Kendallville Fire Department this afternoon and had a chance to thank Fire Chief Mike Riehm and Kendallville firefighters for their hard work to keep the local community safe.
Joe went to a “Made in Steuben County” Manufacturing Day event and met with local companies and Angola Mayor Dick Hickman.
Read this New York Times opinion piece suggesting the Obama administration should consider the request to ensure same-sex couples receive equal benefits. 
Congratulations to Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi, tireless champions for global children’s rights.
Touring OptiSource, a local photonics manufacturing facility in Albuquerque. #innovation
Raising the minimum wage is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the well-being of New Mexico children. Share if you agree it's time to #RaiseTheWage
One of my nieces graduated from UND. Her husband graduated from NDSU. When their son misbehaved earlier today and was sent to a timeout, his dad got him in a (reluctant) homecoming spirit – much to the chagrin of his mom – as he stared at the wall repeating “Go Bison, go Bison…” As a UND grad, it pains me, but if that isn't appropriate for homecoming weekend, I don’t know what is.
Congratulations to Malala & Kailash honored with the Nobel Peace Prize. Their courage and dedication to improve the lives of children inspires so many around the world.
If the last 20 years have shown us anything, it's that #VAWA works! I have zero tolerance for domestic violence. If you are beaten and abused, you should have somewhere to turn for help and a path to recovery. As we mark 20 years of the Violence Against Women Act and the historic Crime Bill, let's recommit ourselves to ending the scourge of domestic violence. 
Senator Manchin traveled to coastal areas of Rhode Island with his colleague, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse to learn more about the effects climate change has on the Rhode Island shoreline. The trip was planned as a part of the Senators’ ongoing discussions about the need for meaningful conversations that lead to real solutions on combatting the adverse effects of climate change while also developing the technology necessary to produce affordable and reliable electricity that meets our nation’s growing energy needs.   Senator Whitehouse will travel to West Virginia on October 22.
Today I welcomed the new Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Julian Castro, to Rhode Island for a close look at how federal investments are being put to work creating jobs and opportunities for more Rhode Islanders, as well as improving neighborhoods and helping low-income families become more self-sufficient.   I took the Secretary to Central Falls, where HUD is one of the key federal agencies assisting city officials like Mayor Diossa to jumpstart a revival of economic development in the city.    We also announced more than $944,000 in Family Self-Sufficiency funds will be flowing from HUD to housing agencies across the state, and unveiled a new $24 million HUD “Jobs Plus Pilot” program, both aimed at helping public housing residents develop the skills and experience necessary to obtain employment, increase their earnings, and achieve economic independence.
Please watch this and share it with your friends.
"This is an unusual situation and there's really only one way out, and it's connecting to the Volcanoes National Park. It's the way to provide emergency access for the people of Puna and so we've gotta find a way to make sure it works." - BES  Today, Senator Schatz toured Chain of Craters Road and met with local and federal officials to discuss the need for two-way emergency access through Volcanoes National Park.
I've been on the road for the past three weeks traveling across Montana. Here's the story.
$7.25 may just be a number to some, but not for so many families in New Mexico, struggling to get by. It means working two or three jobs just to put food on the table, or fill up the gas tank, or buy clothes for their children, and still not be able to climb out of poverty.  Our nation was founded on a basic promise that no matter who you are - if you work hard - you can get ahead. We haven't always kept that promise. We have the opportunity to help fulfill this promise for millions of hardworking men and women - young and old - who are paid the minimum wage.  It's time to #RaisetheWage to help working families, and it's one of the best things we can do to kick start New Mexico's economy.
Today, Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia joined me in Rhode Island for the #ClimateCommonSense tour to see the effects climate change is having on our state. We visited the coasts from Newport to Matunuck and were out on the water with RI DEM, researchers, and fisherman who echoed what locals were telling us throughout the day: that they’re experiencing the severe effects of rising tides, the warming ocean, and coastal erosion. I’m grateful my friend and colleague from West Virginia was able to see for himself how climate change is affecting Rhode Islanders and am confident that we can move forward on this issue in Congress in a way that preserves the economy and quality of life in RI, WV, and all across the US.
