The Holocaust represents one of mankind’s darkest periods. As a nation and a people, we must always remember those who died and those who survived to transcend the atrocities which took place. Today is Holocaust Remembrance Day and it serves as a reminder of the importance of our commitment to the promotion of justice and equality in the United States and around the world. On this day, we reaffirm our commitment to condemn bigotry and intolerance, and promise never to forget.
Many of you have written asking about my position on e-cigarettes. I value everyone’s input here, and I'm hopeful this will provide some insight:  The FDA's recent draft regulations on e-cigarettes are too late and too little: while they would ban the sale of e-cigarettes to minors, they would still allow for extensive promotion of these products targeted specifically towards youth audiences. The current marketing of e-cigarettes is taking a page from the cigarette companies—advertising in social media, magazines, and elsewhere designed to attract minors, and developing fruit and candy flavors that are particularly attractive to kids.    My goal is not to ban e-cigarettes from use entirely—it is to ensure that all tobacco-related products are properly regulated, and to protect our youth from misleading marketing tactics by companies whose primary interest is not in the well-being of its customers, but in its bottom line. You can read more about these marketing tactics and how they impact youth in this recent survey: http://j.mp/1nzyMO9
"The #Navy will award Master-at-Arms 2nd Class Mark Mayo the Navy and #Marine Corps Medal at a ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery, where Mayo will be buried Friday, Naval Station #Norfolk, Va., said in a Wednesday news release.  Mayo, 24, was shot and killed March 24 by a civilian intruder who disarmed the Mahan’s petty officer of the watch. Mayo was shot four times by Jeffrey Savage after placing himself between the sailor and Savage in order to protect the disarmed watchstander."  
It’s an honor to be recognized by the Congressional Management Foundation with a Silver Mouse Award for my efforts to serve Delawareans with a transparent, accessible web presence. Here’s to continuing to build an open communication with my fellow First Staters!
If you are a #Veteran in search of new career opportunities, please visit the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs new Veterans Employment Center.
Senator Donnelly had the honor of receiving the Charles Dick Medal of Merit during the National Guard Association of Indiana’s annual conference Saturday in French Lick.
NA
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and Cankdeska Cikana Community College at Spirit Lake Nation received federal funding for their Head Start programs. Starting all of our children off at a young age with a strong education, like Head Start provides, will help set them on the right path forward. 
Last weekend, I joined Cindy McCain and Senator Klobuchar at the McCain Institute Sedona Forum to talk about the steps we can take to combat human trafficking. We must do everything we can to reduce human trafficking in North Dakota and across the world.
If April showers bring May flowers - what do April snow storms bring? Got to love North Dakota.
On Wednesday, April 23, 2014, Senator Barbara Mikulski met with Maryland Adjutant General Major General James A. Adkins and leaders of the Maryland National Guard at the 5th Regiment Armory in Baltimore where she announced her support for a proposed national Commission on Army Force Structure to promote the mission of the Maryland Army National Guard keeping Maryland and our nation safe.
The Maryland National Guard is always on the job protecting us at home and abroad whenever there is danger or disaster. That’s why I’m standing sentry to support the men, women and families of the Maryland National Guard.   I recently joined with leaders of the Maryland National Guard to announce my support for a national Commission on Army Force Structure to defend the Guard against budget cut attacks. I want the Maryland Guard to have a seat at the table for National Guard budget priorities in today’s more frugal fiscal environment. Because a robust Maryland National Guard means a more safe and secure Maryland, protecting lives and livelihoods. 
Missed Claire on CBS' Face The Nation yesterday? You can watch her full interview using the link below. 
See how raising the minimum wage would benefit hard-working families in West Virginia and boost our economy.
The Senate should vote this week to #raisethewage to $10.10. See how raising the minimum wage will help Rhode Island families and our economy:
Today, the Senate will begin efforts to increase the national minimum wage. Hard-working Americans with families to feed deserve a raise. It's long overdue. I ask for your help in this fight.
ICYMI, spoke this morning about the need to reform the Port Authority. Read more here: 
Today Senator John Walsh and I had the privilege of greeting the veterans who were taking part in the Big Sky Honor Flight.
Thrilled that the House just passed my bipartisan DATA Act and it will now become law.  For the first time ever, the American people will have open, standardized access to how the federal government spends their money, and be able to better track fraud, waste and abuse.   Huge win for taxpayers today. 
The Washington Post has called the ads targeting our bipartisan housing finance reform legislation "flagrantly misleading, even by the low standards of campaign propaganda."   Read more about the ads here: http://1.usa.gov/1lG7UfA
