6 million strong and counting! Get covered now: https://www.coveredca.com/
The Badgers tip off tonight against Baylor in the Sweet 16! Show off your Badger pride and let’s get to the Elite 8. -TB
This morning, I stood with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr., Sen. Cory Booker, and Sen. Ed Markey as well as three small-business owners to emphasize the importance of raising the national minimum wage.   Jon Cooper, President of Spectronics Corporation in NY, Clifton Broumand, founder of Man & Machine, Inc., and Scott Nash, owner of Mom’s Organic, all spoke about how implementing a higher wage for their businesses has increased productivity in their staff as well as spurred economic growth.   I believe that raising the minimum wage is not a partisan issue—it’s an issue of economic fairness. Raising it to $10.10 shouldn’t be the final destination, but rather a first step in the right direction.   It’s the right thing to do.
I’m proud that Connecticut has become the first state in the nation to increase its minimum wage to $10.10/hr by 2017. This will give hard-working families the increase they need and deserve.  Congress should look to Connecticut as an example, and do the same.  Families should never have to choose between paying for heat and paying for food or life-saving medications. Not only is this the right thing to do for Connecticut families, it’s the right thing for Connecticut businesses. -RB
"Today we celebrate the life of fellow Marylander, Master-At-Arms Second Class Mark Mayo. His heroic sacrifice is the truest display of the U.S. Navy’s Core Values of Honor, Courage, and Commitment. The U.S. Navy confirmed yesterday that Petty Officer Mayo put himself in harm’s way to save his shipmate.  On behalf of a grateful Nation and my fellow Senators, I offer my sincerest condolences to the family, friends, and shipmates of Petty Officer Mayo."   Watch Senator Senator Ben Cardin's full remarks below.   
Congrats to Calvert Memorial Hospital for earning the title of  safest hospital in the D.C. area.
Join Senator Ben Cardin for a Briefing-  "The Equal Rights Amendment - Unfinished Business for the Constitution"  Thursday, March 27, 2014 3:00 pm- 4:30 pm  Live streaming on www.cardin.senate.gov
#TBT to 2004  when insurers could deny and cancel coverage due to pre-existing conditions. Now thanks to the ACA 129 million Americans with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied coverage.
Secretary Jeh Johnson has done an outstanding job so far as leader of the Department of Homeland Security.  I commend him on his impressive accomplishments at DHS so far, and I look forward to working with him to bring his future plans for the organization to fruition.  Read about Secretary Johnson’s plans to innovate DHS here:  http://bit.ly/1rG4I3V
More than 6 million Americans are now enrolled in private health plans under the Affordable Care Act, and there’s still time left to join the millions and get covered if you haven’t already done so at www.ChooseHealthDE.com.
These alarming statistics underscore the need to address the long term needs of families caring for those with autism. Parents of children with disabilities face daily struggles that we can’t even begin to imagine. The ABLE Act will provide families with the financial peace of mind they need, and Congress should pass it immediately. #PasstheABLEAct
I’m encouraging all Pennsylvanians who think they might have an unclaimed refund to use the resources available from the IRS to get their money. Claiming these refunds will help families’ pocketbooks and also boost the economy. Many residents don’t even know they have an unclaimed refund so it’s very important that Pennsylvanians use these resources to check.
Last night, I was honored to coach a victorious #HillsAngels team over the #HoyaLawyas in the 27th annual Home Court DC charity basketball game. Great event for a great cause! Learn more at http://www.homecourtdc.org/
A survivor of domestic violence shouldn’t have to file a joint tax return with his or her abuser just to receive an #ACA tax credit. I have called on the United States Department of the Treasury to fix this oversight. Glad they have taken steps to address this.
Last night, speaking from the Senate Floor, I urged my colleagues to act and #RenewUI
Senate today advanced nomination of Judge Owens for the 9th circuit. Vote on final confirmation scheduled next week. 
50 years ago, a tsunami from the Great Alaska Quake killed 12 in Crescent City, Calif. Remembering the lives lost.
Very proud of LA’s Maria Contreras-Sweet. She has all the right tools to be an effective leader at the Small Business Administration. 
The health care reform law isn’t perfect. No law ever is. I have long said there are some good pieces of the law and some pieces that should be improved. Today, I joined five other Senators in announcing needed ideas to improve the parts of the law that could work better for families and businesses across North Dakota – as I pledged to do since before joining the Senate. Already, the law is providing coverage for those with preexisting conditions, putting consumers before insurance companies, and ending lifetime and annual caps. But we can do more. I hope Democrats and Republicans will put politics aside, join us, and offer their ideas to find real solutions so every North Dakotan can get affordable, quality health coverage.  
The Senate came together in a bipartisan fashion today to support our friend and ally, Ukraine, with an emergency aid package. North Dakotans have deep connections to the Ukrainian people, and we stand with them as they work to rebuild their economy, hold new elections, and chart their own path forward. 
I had the privilege to spend time with members of North Dakota’s National Guard. Their service and dedication to our state and country is truly inspiring and we’re all so proud of them.
I had a great time meeting with students from Blue Ridge Middle School yesterday!
I just spoke about new Autism data at a press conference. The numbers are alarming: 1 in 68 children are now living with Autism, 1 in 45 in New Jersey.  This should be a call to action!   We must redouble our efforts & secure the funding needed to ensure individuals with Autism live up to their potential.
Today I chaired a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing where I told FBI Director Comey we need a strong, robust, 21st century FBI that can meet 21st century threats.   FBI on the job 24/7, 365. We must show our appreciation for the work they do by making sure they have resources & tools they need to keep America safe.   I also made clear my commitment to a fully consolidated FBI headquarters in Prince George’s Co. that is safe, secure & suited to the needs of the FBI. 
Glad President Obama today brought a piece of Baltimore to the Vatican, giving Pope Francis a box made of reclaimed wood from the National Shrine of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
Today I voted to move ahead with legislation restoring critical unemployment insurance for 23,000 Marylanders who need it most. Unemployment insurance is a social contract & social compact that workers pay into so it’s there when they need it. As the Senate moves forward, I’ll keep fighting to renew unemployment insurance so those looking for work can pay for food on their table & a roof over their head.
Looking forward to my Google Hangout at 4:30 to talk about how #ACAworks for young ppl & affordable higher education. Tune in https://plus.google.com/events/c1v0msdrmf9h211r3q7ehljg9n4#events/c1v0msdrmf9h211r3q7ehljg9n4
Mizzou's Chancellor Bowen Loftin stopped by the office today to talk with Claire about university affairs, and expanding higher education opportunities. After the meeting Claire noted that, "it's going to be great to work with him to support my university." MIZ...
Today, the Senate has acted in a bipartisan fashion to move forward on extending a critical lifeline to struggling families. I’ve fought to keep this extension alive because it will help thousands of Oregonians keep food on the table and roofs over their heads while they look for work in an improving but still tough economy. I hope and expect that the Senate will pass this agreement in the coming days. Then we need the same spirit of urgency and bipartisan cooperation from the House to ensure these families are not left out in the cold. 
ICYMI: Yesterday I went on Fox and Friends to talk about the latest  Affordable Care Act delay. Watch here:
NA
It's critical that we continue working to improve the implementation of the Affordable Care Act for American families and businesses. Here are some common sense ideas I'm offering with a group of my Senate colleagues: http://politi.co/1dxR8M5 
The U.S. Senate just voted 65-34 to advance my bipartisan Reed-Heller bill to reauthorize emergency unemployment insurance (UI) benefits for 5 months.  We need to do everything we can to improve our economy and put more Americans back to work.  Today’s bipartisan vote was a step in the right direction, but it is unconscionable that millions of Americans have had to wait this long for Congress to act and there is no reason this bipartisan solution should be further delayed.  The votes are there for final passage in the Senate.  People are hurting and need this emergency assistance.  I thank Senator Heller and our bipartisan co-sponsors for their thoughtful and persistent leadership on this issue and hope we can get final passage without further delay.
Dan Snyder has to realize he is on the losing side of history. The sooner he changes the name, the better off we are. The name of the team is offensive to many people.
Yesterday Senate Dems rolled out our plan to give every American a #FairShot. Talk a look:
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after Governor Hassan signed bipartisan legislation expanding Medicaid in New Hampshire:  “I want to congratulate Governor Hassan, President Morse, Senator Larsen, Speaker Norelli, and all those involved in this historic accomplishment. The legislation Governor Hassan signed into law this afternoon showcases just how much we can accomplish when we work together on behalf of the people of New Hampshire.  This bipartisan plan is not only great for our economy but for a countless number of people across our state, including the approximately 50,000 people who now stand to receive health care, and I remain committed to doing everything I can to assist New Hampshire implement this plan.”
Thanks to everyone who took part in last night’s telephone town hall! Always great to hear from so many Granite Staters. -JS
Remembering back to the day I was sworn in. #tbt
