Ben will be on the  The Rachel Maddow Show tonight at 9 PM ET discussing today's United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations meeting on #Syria and what's coming next. Tune in.
Here is a very helpful Washington Post running transcript of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing on #Syria
Coming up at 230pm watch Ben live at the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing on The Authorization of Force in #Syria   http://alturl.com/qp3h2
My interview with Tamron Hall on msnbc about the situation in #Syria
September is Suicide Prevention Month; please share the VA's image on your Facebook timeline and help spread the word that Mental Health Matters.
Senator Coons' Labor Day op-ed: "Washington needs to take decisive action on jobs, and it needs to take it now."
Returning to Washington, DC to participate in briefings and hold meetings to discuss the potential use of force in Syria:
ICYMI: I was on Meet the Press on Sunday, talking about the debate in the Senate on military intervention in Syria. Take a look http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0iZw7P-h0E
NA
Thank you for reaching out to me regarding the ongoing situation in Syria.  I appreciate your concerns and will be posting information and updates on social media and my website when appropriate.  The U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations will begin hearing  on Syria at 2:30 p.m. Watch live here: http://1.usa.gov/1dLTeY8
As I begin attending intelligence briefings and hearings concerning the ongoing situation in Syria, I want to hear from West Virginians on what, if any, military action should be taken. Your feedback is invaluable as Congress begins debate on this critical national security issue.  Please comment or send me a Facebook message.  Please email me at Syriaopinions@manchin.senate.gov;  Tweet me @Sen_JoeManchin and use #Syria;   http://1.usa.gov/15U57W9
Senator Schatz recently sat down for an interview with KKOA 107.7/LAVA 105.3 to discuss how he’s working to represent Hawai‘i’s values in the Senate.  Listen and share with your friends!  http://www.bigislandnewscenter.com/audio/II/2013%209-1%20U.S.%20Sen%20Brian%20Schatz%20.mp3
There are several troubling questions that need to be answered on Syria. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I had an opportunity to ask some of them today at our hearing on the authorization for use of force. Click below to watch my exchange with Secretary Kerry, Secretary Hagel, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Dempsey. We had a long and thoughtful debate today and will continue tomorrow morning with classified briefings.
Today I am returning to Washington attend the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the situation in Syria. As a member of this committee, I look forward to a thorough debate and encourage you to watch it live beginning at 12:30pm MT. I have been skeptical of the administration’s policies regarding Syria to date, and I share the view of many New Mexicans who have expressed deep concern about becoming involved in another Middle Eastern war. At the hearing, top administration witnesses will testify, and we will begin debating the authorization for use of military force in Syria. Thank you for expressing your views with me on this important issue – keep them coming as the debate continues.
The Virginia Young Professionals Summit starts this Friday! Have you signed up yet for this great (and free) event? 
