Pretty cool images of Mars coming back from MAVEN thanks to CU researchers.
This morning I chatted with Bloomberg Television's Betty Liu about one of my top priorities: reforming the United States Postal Service.
Joined by Mayor Bracey and York advocates, I pushed for passage of legislation that would address discrimination against pregnant workers.
I want to commend Attorney General Eric Holder for his important work and many accomplishments. Attorney General Holder has worked to advance democracy and the fair administration of justice by enforcing federal voting and civil rights laws, supporting equality for LGBT Americans, and promoting common sense steps to address the over-incarceration of nonviolent offenders and disparities in our criminal justice system. We owe him a debt of gratitude for his public service. I look forward to working with the Administration and my Senate colleagues to confirm a replacement that will continue these important efforts. I also want to thank Attorney General Holder for his years as a distinguished federal prosecutor enforcing our laws and protecting our nation.
Welcome home Mayor Pete! -Joe
Thank you to everyone who came together for this morning’s Michiana Military Stand Down to give a helping hand to local veterans in need.
#ICYMI: Bedford’s Virgil I. Grissom Municipal Airport received a $2.7M Federal Aviation Administration grant to make necessary repairs to their main runway. “Lawrence County’s airport is a vital part of the area’s transportation infrastructure. This grant will allow the more than 55 businesses in the area, including GM Powertrain and businesses that support Crane Naval Base, to continue and expand their use of the airport. This is great news for Bedford and surrounding communities.” -Joe 
Good news: President Obama has expanded the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument to 490,000 square miles. This designation protects coral reefs and marine ecosystems, very vulnerable to effects of climate change.
Women in Connecticut who have low wage jobs are working hard every day to make ends meet and provide for their families, but it’s nearly impossible for them to get ahead when their employer doesn’t give them much say when it comes to scheduling the hours they work. In Connecticut, women make up the majority of hourly workers, and they especially deserve a work schedule that allows them to plan for reliable child care, secure a second job or continue their education. I visited New Haven with Congresswoman DeLauro today to announce my support for the Schedules That Work Act because it will allow hourly workers in Connecticut the flexibility they need to have more prosperous, stable and happy lives.
“Investing in the hardworking folks of Kansas City is a smart business decision by Ford. When companies invest in the Kansas City area, they continue this vibrant community’s trend of economic expansion, and send an unmistakable signal to other employers that Kansas City is the right place to create new job opportunities.” - Claire 
With The River Project on the job, NYC can become the Big Oyster once again. 
Join me and Montana’s leading sportsmen and women for a public lands rally on Saturday in Helena.  We’ll be joined by conservation advocates who know that keeping our public lands public will preserve our outdoor traditions, heritage and economy.  Montana State Capitol, 12pm.  #keepitpublic
On Saturday, September 27th, join in on the nation's largest nation's largest, single-day volunteer effort for public lands, National Public Lands Day.  Public lands in New Mexico generate tourism and jobs for gateway communities, and it's up to all of us to maintain them for the benefit of all New Mexicans.  So whether it's developing a new OHV area in the Cibola National Forest, doing shoreline cleanup at the Conchas Reservoir, or collecting litter from target shooting and garbage dumping at Prehistoric Trackways National Monument, there are a variety of opportunities to lend a hand for your public lands.  http://www.publiclandsday.org/npld-sites/search?state=New+Mexico
Planning to apply for a nomination to one of our United States Service Academies? Deadline is Friday at 5pm: http://1.usa.gov/1uZv8zB 
