I applaud Senator Feinstein for releasing the results of the Intelligence Committee’s investigation so that the American people have a full accounting of the CIA’s tactics during the Bush Administration.  The greatness of our country is that we are transparent and willing to admit our mistakes so we can avoid making them again in the future.   Some have suggested releasing this report could heighten the threats against us. Let’s be clear: we have needed to be on alert 24/7 since 9/11. The truth is that the release of this report strengthens – not weakens – our nation.  Torture is wrong and violates our country’s most fundamental values, and this report also makes clear it doesn't work.
Yesterday- I went to the #Senate floor to urge my colleagues to help me #EndRacialProfiling.    After the recent events in #Ferguson, Missouri, and New York City , which were heaped on top of incidents in Florida, California, and elsewhere around the country, it’s no wonder that people – especially people of color – are losing confidence that we have a system where all of our citizens are treated equally under the law. The initial suspicion for many is that individuals were stopped solely because of the color of their skin, not because they were observed in criminal activities. That's discriminatory profiling, and it’s just plain wrong...  Watch the full speech.
I applaud the agreement reached between the United States and France to compensate those who survived deportation from #France by SNCF  but who, as non-nationals of France, were excluded from previous compensation programs.  The agreement shows that the quest to right the wrongs of the past is still ongoing and, most importantly, it is still possible to achieve some measure of justice for those who suffered so terribly. For some people around the world the #Holocaust may be history, for those who have survived the horror is still very real.  In March, one of those who survived the war-time deportations, Leo Bretholz of Maryland, passed away. Leo escaped from a train transporting him to almost certain death. He spent the rest of the war fighting the #Nazi regime and helping others escape. In his later years, Leo worked with members of the Maryland General Assembly o secure reparations for Holocaust survivors who were transported to the camps on #French railways. I take solace in knowing that his already incredible legacy lives on through this agreement.
I am deeply concerned about the detention of Khadija #Ismayilova who has been the target of unrelenting persecution by the government of #Azerbaijan because of her efforts to expose corruption within the country, as well as her advocacy on behalf of political prisoners. The current charges against her are bizarre and only seem designed to silence one of the few independent voices left in Azerbaijan.  The current charge levied against Ms. Ismayilova of ‘incitement to suicide’ is just an escalation of the years of harassment by the authorities that she has endured.   As a participating State of the  OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  Azerbaijan has committed to respecting human rights – including freedom of the media – and the U.S. Helsinki Commission once again calls on the government of Azerbaijan to live up to its promises and immediately end its harassment of all journalists, including Ms. Ismayilova.  U.S. Helsinki Commission
Enjoyed a great lunch with Valerie and my other Delaware interns in the Capitol today. Are you interested in politics and government? Are you interested in an interning in one of my offices? We are currently accepting applications, so visit 1.usa.gov/1BwWrpa to apply today!
Our identity as Americans is based on ideas & values, not ethnicity or creed. It is what makes us unique #StateOfCivilRights
In one hour I'll convene my hearing on the #StateOfCivilRights & #HumanRights on the Hill. Stream it live here http://www.c-span.org/
This video will be shown at the #StateOfCivilRights and #HumanRights hearing at 2:30pm ET today. It shows excerpts of witness testimony that has put a human face on the issues the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Human Rights has considered in recent years.   http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=a7901d57-341e-4999-b684-73cc6d46b9e3
WATCH: Joe answers questions about the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, expected to be considered this week when the Senate takes up the national defense bill.
#GoodNews: Chrysler announced plans this week to invest $266 million in two of its Kokomo transmission plants.
This morning, I joined Everytown for Gun Safety and Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America as they revealed the findings of a new report showing that there have been at least 95 school shootings since the tragedy in Sandy Hook two years ago. This number is far too high. The reality is that Congress is complicit in these murders if we continue to sit back and do nothing to reverse this trend. We don’t have to choose between protecting the Second Amendment and enacting common-sense safety measures. It’s long overdue for Congress to stand up and act. Read the full report here: http://bit.ly/1Bxerjo
“Our nation’s top lawyer is a critical post. As the events that unfolded over the past few months in Ferguson highlighted, the position of Attorney General is an important backstop in our nation’s legal system and can positively reinforce Americans’ trust in the rule of law amid intense legal controversies. I’m impressed by Loretta Lynch’s qualifications and confident in her ability to fulfill the duties of U.S. Attorney General.” - Claire
I remind everyone that the Senate Intelligence Committee, along with the House Committee, is the only group of people who provide oversight over our intelligence community and have the ability to actually investigate what happened.   No one else – not the press, not other Senators, not the public or outside organizations – actually have the ability to investigate the CIA. And the implications of today's report on torture are profound. Not only is torture wrong, but it doesn’t work.  Without this report, the American public would not know what actually took place under the CIA’s torture program. This critical report highlights the importance of Senate oversight and the role that Congress must play in overseeing the executive branch.   The only way our country can put this episode in the past is to come to terms with what happened and commit to ensuring it will never happen again.
The feds must investigate price mark ups that threaten skilled manufacturing jobs for the blind & visually impaired at the AVRE.
"We need more women in our government because 100 women in Congress is not enough. When we have more women involved in decision making, we have a more collaborative process, more openness to compromise and ultimately, a more results-driven approach. We should all work towards making parity a reality at both the federal and local levels."  -JS  This morning Senator Shaheen participated in a panel discussion with Senator Susan Collins, Senator-Elect Shelley Moore Capito and Representatives Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Renee Ellmers about the importance of women in politics. The panel was part of Politico's Women Rule Summit in Washington, DC.
The Helena Independent Record editorialized on the public lands package by saying, “Montanans got to witness something we haven’t seen in several years -- our Congressional delegation standing together to announce new, bipartisan land use legislation.” #KeepItPublic
My statement on the Senate Intelligence Committee's review of the CIA's detention and interrogation program:   "The Senate investigators' report documents the use of brutal interrogation techniques that I believe constitute torture and violate U.S. and international law. In the wake of the 9/11 attacks, we compromised the values that make our nation great. This report underscores that torture is not only brutal and inhumane, it so often produces unreliable intelligence that it is also ineffective.  "The release of today's report has been controversial, but it's an important step forward in addressing a stain on our nation's history. While we can understand the intelligence community's desire to prevent another attack, a civilized nation should never resort to torture in the name of security. My hope is that this report informs future generations of Americans and ensures that we never undertake programs like this again."  A copy of the report is available here: http://www.intelligence.senate.gov/study2014/sscistudy1.pdf
Today, I led a hearing on campus sexual assault and the roles and responsibilities of law enforcement. The stats are alarming and I'm committed to doing all I can to aid students and law enforcement to ensure perpetrators are brought to justice. My thanks to Peg Langhammer of Day One - Rhode Island's Sexual Assault & Trauma Resource Center for making the trip from RI to testify on behalf of victims. 1.usa.gov/1yMUH9g
