There's a lot going on in the world right now that demands our attention. But one issue we can't overlook is the situation our farmers and ranchers find themselves in after another year of drought and no new Farm Bill. Like any business, our producers deserve predictability from Congress, not political games. I hope that by working together, the House and Senate can reconcile their differences and come up with a common-sense solution for Colorado farmers who contribute $40 billion to our economy every year. 
Join Christopher Murphy and me next Wednesday, September 18th for our monthly Constituent Coffee from 8AM-9AM in Senator Murphy's DC office, 303 Hart Senate Office Building. RSVP here: http://1.usa.gov/15M735B
Today’s announcement that funding for the Flight 93 Memorial is complete is a testament to the incredible work and dedication of the families. I was proud to work with the families and our bipartisan delegation to secure a federal commitment for the Memorial. This memorial cannot fully encompass the extraordinary sacrifice that these families have made, but I’m confident that its completion will show one small measure of our gratitude towards them and the heroes of Flight 93.
This weekend, September 13th and 14th, Senator Joe Donnelly will formally open five regional offices in Indiana.  The offices are located in Hammond, South Bend, Fort Wayne, Evansville, and Jeffersonville.  Hoosiers will be able to contact Sen. Donnelly and his staff at these offices to request assistance on federal issues and to share their thoughts and concerns.
Wanatah’s Doug Stonebraker: “I called Senator Joe Donnelly’s staff and they put me on the right path to getting the paperwork needed. About a month later, on June 21st, I went out to my mailbox and there were all of his medals he was eligible for. At the end of August, Senator Donnelly came by my business, Lone Pine Liquors in Wanatah, because I wanted to shake his hand. The senator was very gracious. Thanks to him and his staff, it’s a proud day for our family and I know my dad is looking down on us and is very proud too.”
See my statement on the potential use of military force in Syria over its use of chemical weapons and my alternative proposal:
Great to meet with minority owned small business leaders & President’s RoundTable today in Baltimore. As the daughter of a small business owner, I know how important they are to create jobs by hiring local workers & investing in communities.
This weekend a brave group of #Missouri National Guardsmen got the welcome home ceremony they deserve. Though they returned home a few months ago, they were finally recognized for their incredible work serving a nine-month tour looking for roadside bombs in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.   Please leave your messages thanking this brave group of Missourians in the comments section below.
Correction: Tune in to MSNBC tonight during the 7 p.m. hour to watch my interview with Chris Matthews on our resolution to promote a diplomatic solution in Syria.  Also, please visit my website to read the Chemical Weapons Control and Accountability Resolution of 2013, share your thoughts and opinions and get the latest updates on this critical issue. http://1.usa.gov/1ead8fB
NA
MUST READ: "Manchin and Heitkamp Push a Compelling Alternative Syria Resolution"  http://bit.ly/17LsbXJ
Our Syria resolution is the only plan right now that gets control of the chemical weapons – the one thing national security and foreign policy experts tell me is the most important goal.  To read our full Syria resolution, please click here: http://1.usa.gov/13AIll8
Tune in to Talkline around 10:30 a.m. I'll be talking to Hoppy Kercheval about our Syria resolution. http://bit.ly/Z164Li
People of good conscience may disagree with me, but here's where I stand on the use of force against the Syrian regime: America must stand up for the powerless.
Thank you! Climate change is here, it's real, and we have to do something about it.
The Senate will vote on Wednesday on the authorization of force against the Syrian regime. Without question, the regime’s brutality demands a response.   I don’t expect everyone to agree with my statement. That is your right. But my firm conviction is that anytime the powerful turn weapons of terror and destruction against the powerless, it is our business. I believe America must set the example for the rest of the world.   I am reminded of a quote in Dante’s Inferno: “The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.”
Tomorrow, Senator Schatz will host a Constituent Coffee Hour for Hawai‘i residents visiting DC.  This is a unique opportunity to share your values and concerns regarding Hawai‘i and our nation.   Senator Schatz will also share with you his views on the important issues facing our great state and the Senate.  For more information or to attend, please call (202) 224-3934 or email diane_miyasato@schatz.senate.gov
Today, Senator Brian Schatz announced seven grants from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) totaling more than $23 million for Hawai‘i including funding for airport projects in Honolulu, Kaunakakai, and Lanai City.  “The FAA and FTA have made transportation in Hawai‘i a priority, and the grants announced today are evidence of that,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “I have confirmed through conversations with Transportation Secretary Foxx and Federal Transit Administration Administrator Rogoff  that our state will continue to receive funding for critical improvements, allowing Hawai‘i to continue to grow as a tourist destination and economic center.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345663
Yesterday I was on Meet the Press live from Albuquerque to talk about my opposition to military strikes on Syria and why we shouldn't get involved in another Middle Eastern civil war.
Joined U.S. Senator Tim Kaine in a letter today asking the White House to include construction funds for the Craney Island Eastward Expansion project in their next budget.  This is a project of national significance that updates critical infrastructure, drives economic development, and creates jobs.  #HRVA
Had a great time at this weekend's Virginia Young Professionals Summit in Norfolk. Thanks to all who attended! Read a wrap-up of the event below.
