In the 21st century, we should not be arguing over access to birth control. #NotMyBossBusiness
This terrifying video of a shooting in Stamford from over the weekend reinforces the urgent need to stop gun violence. These injuries and deaths, and the fear they instill in communities and neighborhoods across America, can be stopped. Congress must act now. http://j.mp/1nnNpyv 
This New York Times piece from Sunday’s front page describes an unacceptable failure by one institution to address sexual assault on campus—but the problem is not limited to this one institution. This story describes an all too common problem:   “At a time of great emotional turmoil, students who say they were assaulted must make a choice: Seek help from their school, turn to the criminal justice system or simply remain silent. The great majority — including the student in this case — choose their school, because of the expectation of anonymity and the belief that administrators will offer the sort of support that the police will not.”  Unfortunately, most colleges are not equipped to protect the support or anonymity their students expect. I’m working with my fellow colleagues in the Senate to address this very issue, and enact federal legislation that would help colleges institute policies to keep students safer on campus. http://nyti.ms/1mxGuHv
#SCOTUS #HobbyLobby ruling is a direct assault on #womensrights. No employer has similar concerns abt individual healthcare services for men
I am proud to cosponsor the Not My Boss’s Business Act. In the wake of the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision this bill would ensure employers are not be able to encroach on a women’s access to health care. Share if you believe women and their doctors should make health care decisions and not anyone’s boss.
Over the years, many for-profit colleges have put their bottom line ahead of their students. This Chicago Sun-Times editorial explains why the Department of Education should implement a strong Gainful Employment rule which will hold these companies accountable for exploiting their students. http://www.suntimes.com/opinions/28607262-474/for-profit-schools-cant-prey-on-students.html#.U8P9XBE98wo
Speaking at the announcement of a new private-public partnership to establish the Burrell College of Osteopathic Medicine at New Mexico State University's Arrowhead Center.
Huevos rancheros with red chile at Los Compas in Las Cruces.
On the way to Las Cruces...looks like parts of southern New Mexico are getting much needed rain.
If you know an individual, family or organization who improves the lives of North Dakota’s foster and adoptive children, nominate them to be Angels in Adoption and give them the recognition they deserve. This is a great opportunity to shine the light on the many loving North Dakotans who open their homes and hearts to make a life-changing difference for the children. Submissions can be done on my website, and the deadline is Wednesday, July 23rd. 
I'm a proud sponsor of important legislation to protect women's right to health care from interference by their employers. Contraception is an important preventive health service which has been constitutionally protected since the 1960s, but the Court has now made it fair game for corporate interference. The Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act will fix the #HobbyLobby decision by protecting women's health choices. 
NA
Today in Frederick I met with leaders in Maryland's biotech industry at AstraZeneca to discuss community health and supporting research, innovation and manufacturing jobs.   In Maryland, life science is the life blood of our economy. It supports nearly 90,000 jobs developing new biological products, new pharmaceuticals and new cures that save and improve lives  By working to develop safe and effective treatments, we can ensure that our nation’s health care providers have the tools they need to keep families healthy.
The decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. represents an unprecedented power grab by five unelected men on the Supreme Court. The immediate effect of this decision is that a woman’s boss can be the one calling the shots about her health care decisions – an outrageous intrusion into a woman’s personal life that needs to be reversed. Thousands of women of all ages and backgrounds in Connecticut rely on this essential health benefit every single day and bosses shouldn’t be allowed to take it away because they find it objectionable. The Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act -which I'm proud to cosponsor - will restore this critical Affordable Care Act requirement and allow women to take back control of their health care decisions.  Sign the petition if you think we need to stand up for women's health: http://action.ctdems.org/page/s/protect-women-s-rights
Right now, we are facing a serious transportation infrastructure crisis. If we do not come together to find a solution to this dire issue, various transportation projects in the Mountain State and all across this country will be left incomplete, which jeopardizes good-paying jobs and the safety of our commuters and travelers. Reliable and innovative transportation infrastructure not only keeps our citizens safe, but it is also critical to helping us attract the businesses that create jobs and the residents who drive economic development. This is not a Democratic or Republican issue; this is an American issue that concerns the safety of our citizens and the stability of our national economy. I thank Senator Rockefeller, Congressman Rahall and Secretary Foxx for joining me today at the DRWV Foundation's Transportation and Infrastructure Summit to discuss this important issue.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=93b4bbd1-c27c-4401-8683-4e2576dee33d
Republicans wanted the President to delay the employer mandate. He did it. And now they're suing him for doing it!  Republicans' disdain for President Obama and health reform has prevented them from accepting the obvious: Obamacare is proving more and more successful each day.  If a show trial is what House Republicans want, they should go talk to Judge Judy.
To the Captain: 
With federal funds @EmpireBrew could make "farm to pint" brewing a reality in #CNY. #farmtopint #NYBrew
West Point and the Hudson River Valley
Boscobel, home to the Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival, is in Philipstown #NYtownoftheday #hudsonvalleyshakespearefestival
“One of the best parts of my job is being able to help cut through red tape to get veterans the recognition they deserve. I’m honored to have worked with the New Hampshire Chapter of American Ex-Prisoners of War to help award Purple Hearts to our Granite State veterans.”  -JS   Read more about Senator Shaheen’s meeting with the New Hampshire Chapter of the American Ex-Prisoners of War here: http://1.usa.gov/1oYY9pM
Internships are a wonderful opportunity for college students and recent graduates to learn about government through public service.  My office is accepting applications for my fall internship program in Washington D.C. To learn more click below:
I appreciate the Air Force's efforts to find savings by consolidating headquarters functions, but I am deeply concerned about the impact that cutting a reported 742 positions would have on Joint Base Langley-Eustis’s hard-working airmen and civilian work force. While it appears that many of these reductions can be accomplished through attrition and eliminating unfilled positions, I have requested a briefing from the Air Force where I can ask tough questions about this proposed plan. I also urge Air Force leadership to consider locating its consolidated headquarters at Langley, where they could enjoy proximity to the Pentagon and other defense organizations.  #HRVa
