I want to thank the President for coming to California during this difficult drought and for moving quickly to provide relief.
Glad to see President taking important steps to help US adapt to new climate reality. 
I’m proud of fellow Delawarean Congressman John Carney for paying homage to our nation’s veterans by personally delivering more than 1,000 letters written by our Delaware grade-schoolers for his 3rd annual Valentines for Vets event.
Proud to work with the NO H8 Campaign this year to take a stand against hate and discrimination - http://www.noh8campaign.com/article/noh8onthehill4
Joe met with economic development executives from the Business Development Corporation of South Bend, Community Development Corporation of Northeast Indiana, Premier Capital Corporation of Indianapolis, Regional Development Company of Valparaiso, and elsewhere this afternoon to talk job creation and business growth.
Share this #GoodNews. The Greater Lafayette Commerce this week announced record breaking capital investments in the area for 2013. The investments totaled $1.02 billion and represented an estimated 1,300 new or soon to be available jobs.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Earlier this week, Purdue Women's Basketball's Courtney Moses, earned a spot on the 2014 Allstate Good Works Team. Courtney played basketball at Oak Hill High School in Grant County, IN before coming to Purdue.
Cooking dinner (and doing the dishes) for Julie on Valentine's Day.  Venison chili with jalapeño cornbread and honey.
Ours is a country built on principles of justice and equality. We are only at our best when equal rights apply to every American. That’s why I’m proud to join the NOH8 Campaign, which is helping to get that message across loud and clear. What better day to spread a little love than on Valentine's Day. http://www.noh8campaign.com/article/noh8onthehill4
After my strong urging, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced it will expedite implementation of the livestock disaster programs reauthorized in the 2014 Farm Bill. A major snowstorm in southwestern North Dakota in October, as well as recent droughts, have severely hurt our ranchers. It has been one of my top priorities to get them the relief they need, and get it as soon as possible. By cutting through some red tape, and urging the USDA, we were able to expedite this support, so our ranchers have access to the disaster relief we fought so hard to include in the Farm Bill. To sign up for disaster relief, North Dakotans should contact their local USDA Farm Service Agency Office. http://fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=landing&topic=landing 
Hi everyone! I’m ready to start answering North Dakotans’ questions about my efforts to build an all-of-the-above energy strategy in North Dakota and the U.S. North Dakota does it all – oil, gas, coal, wind, biofuels – and we are helping to lead our country toward North American energy security and independence. Post your questions below and I’m looking forward to answering as many energy related questions as possible in the next 30 minutes. And remember to like my Facebook page to receive updates.
Friday, Sen. Patrick Leahy joined Bob Kinzel on VPR's Vermont Edition for a wide ranging discussion with Vermonters.   http://digital.vpr.net/post/dicsussing-nsa-cuba-senator-patrick-leahy
Happy 250th Birthday St. Louis! #stl250  Be sure to check out the many birthday celebrations happening this weekend, here: http://www.stl250.org/signature-events-overview.aspx  Photo credit: A 1964 image of the Admiral riverboat with the Gateway Arch under construction in the background. Missouri Historical Society Collections
Earlier this week, Claire took your questions on msnbc about her work to combat military sexual assault, and now she's had the chance to read and respond to several of your questions. Check-out her responses on msnbc.com. 
Happy Valentine's Day to my wonderful wife, Gayle and to all West Virginians.
Very excited to meet the @Etsy staff and tour their office in #Brooklyn
This Valentines Day remember to #buylocal - maybe the right gift was made in your hometown
Meet Emily Ardini, a 4th grade student at Loudon Elementary. She’s interviewing Senator Shaheen for a project on influential people in New Hampshire for her social studies class. Great to see kids interested in public service!
Thank you Moore Mart and all the volunteers today at National Guard Armory in Nashua for supporting our troops. Today we helped put together more than 600 care packages to send to our military men and women overseas!
Great news for Atkinson residents. The EPA will extend access to the Atkinson water main to the residents of Deer Run Road, thereby giving residents an opportunity to connect to a safe drinking water supply. Read more here:http://1.usa.gov/1gzqdNJ
Happy Valentine’s Day! Today is a perfect reminder of our need to reform the sugar industry's sweet deal. Nearly $300 million taxpayer dollars were spent on the outdated sugar program in 2013 and between 1997 and 2011, more than 125,000 American jobs were lost in sugar-using industries because of sugar subsidies.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1gg5aQP
Happy Birthday to the League of Women Voters! LIKE and SHARE to join me in saying thank you to the League for working to strengthen our democracy for the last 94 years.
Congratulations to Linda Santana of the Rocky Mountain Youth Corps in Taos for being recognized as one of the top AmeriCorps members in the country. I was proud to meet with her in Washington this week and proud of all the work she is doing to serve others and protect our environment in Northern New Mexico. As a sponsor of the Public Lands Service Corps Act, I strongly support providing more opportunities for young people to work and serve others – especially in our great outdoors.   Click here to learn more about Linda's work and share it with others to congratulate her on this great honor:  http://www.taosnews.com/news/article_a595bc7a-68ef-11e3-8f8b-001a4bcf887a.html
Winter looks great in the Wheeler Peak wilderness on this #PhotoFriday. Thanks to Ed for adding to our #ShowcaseNM photo contest. Upload yours now before the contest ends and the snow melts: http://www.flickr.com/groups/senatortomudall-showcasingnewmexico/
Share if you agree that people should have the right to marry who they love here in Virginia. #marriagequality
Woke up this morning to the fantastic news that a federal judge has struck down Virginia's prohibition on marriage equality. The fight is not over, but U.S. District Judge Arenda Wright Allen, who I was proud to nominate for the federal bench, gets it exactly right:  "Tradition is revered in the Commonwealth, and often rightly so. However, tradition alone cannot justify denying same-sex couples the right to marry any more than it could justify Virginia's ban on interracial marriage."
