For too long, gridlock has been the norm in the Senate. It's time to change the status quo and get the Senate moving again. Tammy is working toward to make Washington work for Wisconsin. Check out this editorial in The Cap Times explaining why the time for filibuster reform is now: http://bit.ly/WWP2GB
I recently visited a water treatment plan that sits just yards from the charred mountainsides left behind by the High Park Fire. While I was there, they showed me a mason jar of water that had been turned jet black from ash and fire damage to the land. That's what communities can expect if we don't start recovery work right away in these watersheds. I'm baffled by the House's shortsightedness in stripping the funding Mark Udall and I fought for in this relief package.
People of Newtown and CT say to me, we must do something. I’m joining Senator Dianne Feinstein today to introduce the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013. The Sandy Hook tragedy is a call to action.  We must try to ban assault weapons & large capacity clips.
I'm joining Senator Dianne Feinstein, Christopher Murphy & others to introduce the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013. Watch the announcement live at 11AM here: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senblumenthal
Senator Cardin and Senator Hagel  Senator Cardin Meets with Secretary of Defense Nominee Senator Chuck Hagel Senate Democrats
NA
“My meeting with Senator Hagel this afternoon was thorough and constructive, and addressed my concerns over his past comments. I was encouraged by his strong commitments to Israel's security, to keeping all options open in preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons capability, and to embracing tolerance and inclusion both in our society and our military. I believe Senator Hagel will be a strong and effective secretary of defense, and I will be proud to vote for his confirmation.” - Sen. Coons
Sen. Coons spoke out about the crisis in Syria during a bipartisan Senate press conference on Tuesday.
Senator Dick Durbin met with Mayor of Peoria, Jim Ardis, to discuss economic development and regional transportation issues, including the possible extension of Amtrak service to Peoria.
[WASHINGTON, DC] - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin questioned Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton at a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) today honored the life of Baseball Hall of Famer and St. Louis Cardinal Stan Musial, who passed away on Saturday, January 19.
“I am a strong supporter of the Keystone XL oil pipeline. My work will not be done until every Hoosier who wants a job has a job, and the Keystone XL pipeline means jobs for American families and energy security for our country.  The concerns President Obama cited when he originally denied a permit for the Keystone pipeline have been met, and he should allow the project to move forward.” – Sen. Joe Donnelly
PHOTO: I spoke at a press conference about my assault weapons bill earlier today. This will be an uphill battle, but it’s one worth waging.
Thanks to Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy, Senator Dick Durbin, Senator Chuck Schumer, Senator Richard Blumenthal, Senator Christopher Murphy, Congressman Ed Perlmutter, Congresswoman Elizabeth Esty, Mayor Michael Nutter, Commissioner Ramsey, gun violence victims and others for standing with me to get weapons of war off our streets.
I held a press conference this morning to talk about the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013, a responsible bill that would ban military-style weapons and magazines—tools of war that have killed hundreds of innocent Americans.  The bill will ban the weapon that killed 27 people—including 20 children—in Newtown. It also bans the high-capacity magazines used in the shootings in Aurora, Colo. and Tuscon, Ariz.   But I need your help. Click SHARE to spread the word.   Let’s get weapons of war off our streets.
About to introduce my assault weapons legislation. Weapons of war do not belong on our streets.   Follow #AWB2013 on Twitter to follow the conversation.
Tomorrow I will introduce my assault weapons legislation.   Weapons of war do not belong on our streets.
Chatting with students from Turtle Mountain is a great way to wrap up the day. They represented North Dakota and Turtle Mountain when they walked in the Inaugural Parade earlier this week. So glad they stopped by before heading home!
USDA Sec. Vilsack stopped by my office today to talk agriculture in North Dakota.
I just ran into the North Dakota outgoing Senate Page and her family in the Capitol!
I just agreed to cosponsor the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). I'm especially pleased the 2013 bill includes a clause specifically on the violence against native women. The VAWA Reauthorization strengthens existing programs to address the ongoing crisis of violence against women in tribal communities, who face rates of domestic violence and sexual assault much higher than those faced by the general population. The legislation narrowly expands concurrent tribal criminal jurisdiction over those who assault Indian spouses and dating partners in Indian country, clarifies jurisdiction for civil protection orders, and strengthens Federal assault statutes.
I was proud to cast my first vote as a U.S. Senator in favor of filibuster reform. While this legislation is not perfect, the Senate has been in desperate need of filibuster reform that would help end the gridlock in Washington that has long frustrated Virginians.
Notice: New Jerseyans affected by Hurricane Sandy will now have until MARCH 1st to register with FEMA for individual assistance. People with storm losses in all counties can register online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 800-621-3362.   Click here for more information: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/issues/hurricane-sandy-recovery-resource-center
I am proud to join Senator Feinstein and Senate Democrats in a push to ban military-style assault weapons & high-capacity magazines, while protecting certain hunting and sporting weapons. I hope my Republican colleagues will stand up to the NRA and join us in righting the wrong of Congress when we allowed the assault weapons ban to expire in 2004. Weapons with the sole purpose of maximizing carnage and death do not belong in our communities and on our streets. We must limit their use to what was intended: war. A summary of the legislation can be found here: http://1.usa.gov/VlSqAq
Deeply humbled to be sitting in Senator John Kerry’s chair at today’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing.  And I am honored to be able to welcome the Chairman to his own nomination hearing as Secretary of State. Look forward to his introductions by Secretary Clinton, Senator McCain and Senator Warren, who will no doubt touch upon Senator Kerry’s exhaustive experience and selfless service as a veteran, a Senator and a true statesman.    Hearing begins at 10am. Tune in here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN/
I was proud to stand with other advocates for common sense reform to announce the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013. Watch:
Joined by survivors of gun violence, families of victims, law enforcement, clergy, mayors, and other lawmakers to say enough is enough. The time to act is now.
Today, Claire continued her fight to eliminate earmarks for good. In a bipartisan effort with Senator Pat Toomey, Claire said Congress needs to “transition into getting kudos because we’re saving money, not that we’re spending money.”
I commend the President for re-nominating Richard Cordray for a full term as director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  Mr. Cordray is extremely well-qualified and effective.  He deserves an up or down vote.  Under his leadership, the CFPB has had a positive and constructive impact on our financial marketplace.  It has held credit card companies accountable, carefully rewritten mortgage rules to make them more transparent and fair for both borrowers and lenders, and provided much needed information about and oversight on private student loans.    Mr. Cordray has been balanced, fair-minded, and inclusive throughout his tenure as head of the CFPB.  Instead of blocking a vote on his nomination, I hope Republicans will give him a fair hearing and an up or down vote.
This is a critical time for our economy and the SEC and Mary Jo White is a strong pick to lead the agency.  She is an experienced prosecutor who can vigorously enforce the law.  I look forward to having a discussion with Ms. White about her vision for implementing Dodd-Frank, regulating computerized trading, and strengthening accountability, transparency, and investor protections on Wall Street.  If confirmed, Ms. White will be the second full-time female chairman in the SEC’s history.
Nevada tourism is bouncing back stronger than ever. Approximately 39.7 million people reportedly visited Las Vegas in 2012, a new record.  This is encouraging for Nevada’s tourism industry and the 370,000 jobs it supports in Southern Nevada. I look forward to continuing my work with the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority and our resort industry to ensure Las Vegas remains the world’s must-see destination in America.
Senator Shaheen met this morning with Senator Chuck Hagel and announced that she would support his nomination to become the next United States Secretary of Defense.   “This morning I had an opportunity to meet with Senator Hagel to discuss his nomination and his views on the future of our military and am pleased to announce my decision to support his nomination.  It is obvious that Senator Hagel thoroughly understands the complexity of the modern security environment. I was pleased with his strong, unwavering support of Israel, his steadfast opposition to Iran’s nuclear weapons program and his commitment to building relationships with our allies including NATO."   Read Shaheen's full statement here:  http://1.usa.gov/VlRlZz
“Secretary Panetta’s decision represents an enormous amount of progress for American women in our armed services because for too long, women have struggled to reach the highest levels of military leadership partly due to their limited opportunities to serve in combat.  This new policy not only better reflects conditions on the ground overseas but it also better serves our national security interests around the world.” - JS
Meeting with Secretary of Defense nominee Chuck Hagel
Today, I joined Representative Henry Waxman to announce the formation of a bicameral Climate Change Task Force. Failing to respond to the threat of climate change – in the words of President Obama - would "betray our children and future generations.” Both the House and the Senate must work together to address this problem that has already affected too many families.
I'm very pleased that the President has decided to re-nominate Rich Cordray as Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. I worked with Rich to set up the agency and believe he is a strong leader with a proven track record of fighting for consumers and pushing for a level playing field between big banks and smaller financial institutions like community banks and credit unions. The CFPB has had an extraordinary first year and a half - holding credit card companies accountable for cheating consumers and adopting the first set of rules to clean up the mortgage market. Senate confirmation of Rich's nomination will continue this momentum, benefiting families, establishing certainty, and safeguarding the economy as a whole from reckless and dangerous consumer lending.
