The 2013 Farm Bill conference committee members are working on a compromise between the two different pieces of legislation passed by the Senate and House earlier this year. In June, the Senate passed a Farm Bill which included $4.5 billion in reductions to the SNAP program while the House passed legislation last month with even steeper cuts, slashing $40 billion over 10 years.   Deep cuts to #SNAP resulting from the #Farm Bill’s expiration at the end of September are about to hit our most vulnerable Marylanders. Fast action by the #FarmBill Conference Committee is essential to minimizing the hurt to our #seniors, #children and families. The Senate conferees need to hold firm in their defense of SNAP and reject the severe budget cuts being offered by House Republicans.  It is incomprehensible that lawmakers would support such a roll back of basic nutritional support that helps Marylanders in need
“They say the people of New York are tough. They are, but they’re also compassionate.” – Red Cross Volunteer Joe Miller of Hockessin  Watch the rest of Joe’s heartfelt memory of his Sandy relief work, one year later: http://bit.ly/1bzTrrS
On October 29, 2013 Senator Carper thanked American Red Cross Delmarva Region volunteers who were deployed during Superstorm Sandy at a reception in his office. The volunteers also received a tour of the Capitol.
A year ago today, as Superstorm Sandy struck the East Coast, the Red Cross mobilized 17,000 workers in the relief effort – 90% of them volunteers – who helped to serve 17.5 million meals and snacks and hand out 7 million relief items. 
 
 Today we welcome 4 of those volunteers from Delaware who helped recovery efforts in the First State and traveled to New York & New Jersey to help our neighbors in some of the hardest hit areas. Click share to show your support for their efforts.
Open Enrollment for Medicare is happening now through December 7th.   Take some time today to determine what works best for you and your family at CMS.gov.
NA
More at: http://coons.senate.gov/manufacturing
Senator Joe Donnelly spoke this morning at the Manufacturing Jobs for America press conference about helping manufacturers grow and create jobs. 
 
 This week, Senator Donnelly will introduce a bill that would help employers identify, train, and hire workers with the skills to fill existing job openings in Indiana and across the country.
From the Indianapolis Star: Matthew Tully: Joe Donnelly tries to 'hit it straight down the middle'
Enjoyed meeting with University of New Mexico School of Law students this morning. They’re doing incredible work this semester at federal agencies in our nation’s capital. Our future remains bright!
Flooding is too often a reality for so many North Dakotans and earlier this month, flood insurance rates went up for millions of families.  Today, I introduced a bipartisan bill that would make sure homeowners are able to get the affordable flood insurance they deserve to protect them and their families. The bill also makes sure many North Dakotans who have proactively flood proofed their basements won't see their flood insurance rates spike to unaffordable levels when they have already gone above and beyond to mitigate their flood risk. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=89594c67-4589-4a6c-8dc9-644d189cc830
Taken between Russell and Kramer, ND, by Arelene Schelling
From ballet to math, Minot native Chloe Ondracek has many impressive accomplishments. Her commitment to excellence is inspiring and I am glad I had the opportunity to meet both her and her mother, Pam, today.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wisc.), chairman of the Crime and Terrorism Subcommittee in the House, introduced on Tuesday legislation that seeks to restore Americans’ privacy rights by ending the government’s dragnet collection of phone records and requiring greater oversight, transparency, and accountability with respect to domestic surveillance authorities.
It’s so hard to believe it’s been a year since Superstorm Sandy hit our shores. My New Media Director Ally, who happens to be a former TV reporter, spent the day in Hoboken and created this wonderful video which I think captures well the trials and tribulations we’ve experienced over the year.  Let’s keep working together New Jersey.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewwOD7DdRQQ
As the Senate and House work out their differences in the Farm Bill, I joined with 38 Senate colleagues to fight draconian cuts to SNAP.  The Senate-passed Farm Bill reforms SNAP while protecting nutrition assistance for 360K Maryland families who need it most.  I believe in America, no one should have to choose between putting a roof over their head or food on their table.
Proud to launch Manufacturing Jobs For America initiative today to call on Washington to support manufacturers, government to Buy American
One year ago today Superstorm Sandy hit Connecticut. My statement on the anniversary of this natural disaster: http://1.usa.gov/16jEXMP
“Missouri lost a giant tonight. Ike Skelton represented the very best of Missouri, and fought tirelessly for the state he loved. Those of us lucky enough to call him a friend know that he lived the Missouri values of compromise and common sense. And in his half-century of service, he showed how Missouri could be a leader in contributing to the safety and security of our nation. I join all Missourians in sending my thoughts and prayers to Patty and the rest of Ike’s family. I’ll miss him dearly.” -Claire
I am shocked and deeply saddened to hear of the sudden death of Dr. Nohad Toulan and Mrs. Dirce Toulan. I had the privilege of knowing this wonderful couple for a long time. Dr. Toulan contributed an enormous amount to our community as Dean of the College of Urban and Public Affairs at Portland State University, as a long time board member of the World Affairs Council of Oregon, and as a leader in the Portland Muslim community. In addition to being an acclaimed architect planner, Dirce was one of the warmest and gracious human beings I’ve ever known.  They will be deeply missed. Mary and I are holding their family in our thoughts and prayers.
I hope the miners know that as long as there's coal to mine, I will proudly stand by their side.
Coal miners are some the bravest and most patriotic men and women I have ever met in my life and it is always an honor to stand side by side with our hardworking miners, especially during today's coal rally at the steps of the United States Capitol.   Watch my remarks at today's American Energy Jobs rally: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQzCHSzIj_w
INFOGRAPHIC: If we continue to demonize coal, American jobs will be lost, electricity prices will soar and economic uncertainty will grow. We need the federal government to work as our partner, not an adversary, and to invest in America's energy future. Is this the President's idea of balancing the economy and the environment?
U.S. Senator Brian Schatz introduced two bills that will create high-quality jobs in Hawai‘i and promote American manufacturing as part of a collaborative “Make it in America” initiative with Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) and other Senate colleagues.  “These policies will help create good jobs in Hawai‘i and help Hawai‘i businesses grow,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.  “New clean energy incentives, opportunities for Native Hawaiian small businesses, increasing Hawaii’s exports, and promoting foreign investment in our businesses are all part of a dynamic economy here in Hawai‘i.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=346962
Reminder: Service Academy nomination applications are due this Friday, November 1. For more information, go to: http://www.schatz.senate.gov/service_academy.cfm
Pyramid Mountain Lumber's Loren Rose and other Montana timber industry leaders back my Forest Jobs and Recreation Act.  READ and SHARE their article to see how my common-sense, Made-in-Montana plan will restore our forests and get Montanans back to work in the woods.
Today I'm proud to reintroduce a bill Renewable Electricity Standard (RES) bill that would create almost 300,000 jobs, reduce pollution and save taxpayer dollars in New Mexico and around the nation. The bill would boost our efforts to generate more electricity from wind, solar and other renewable sources by 2025 and reduce our dependence on foreign fossil fuels, all while spurring private investments in state economies.
  
 I first introduced an RES bill in 2002 in the House, and since joining the Senate I have continued fighting for this policy because it is the best way to help America lead in the global clean energy economy. New Mexico already has an RES, which has helped create jobs and diversify our energy portfolio. A national RES would help revitalize our rural communities by providing billions in local tax revenues and lease payments for farmers, ranchers and other landowners. I’ve long fought for a ‘do it all, do it right’ energy strategy, and I will work to pass a national RES into law so we can get America running on more homegrown clean energy. Like this post and click below to find more about our bill:
 
 http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1463
I know that Rhode Island's coastal communities are still recovering from Hurricane Sandy and there is still more for us to do. That's why earlier this year, I brought President Obama’s Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding Task Force to Rhode Island to assess the storm's damage in our state. And this week, I was glad to join our congressional delegation in announcing that with this latest grant the federal government has now provided an estimated $61.4 million to support Sandy recovery efforts in the Ocean State. http://1.usa.gov/1amB90H
