The world has lost a true hero for freedom and we should all carry out his vision of equality in our daily lives. #Mandela
This is welcome news. Today HUD announced Colorado will receive a $62.8 million dollar grant to help with flood recovery. These resources will help a wide range of recovery efforts, from individual home owners and businesses repairing damaged property, to cities and towns reconstructing roads, bridges and public spaces. This funding is critical for a number of small Colorado towns overwhelmed by this disaster to help finance rebuilding costs. This is another big step forward as Colorado builds back better than before.
Humanity has lost one of its greatest leaders with the passing of Nelson Mandela.  My prayers go out to his family and all the people of South Africa. He was a personal hero of mine, and of those who work to uphold human rights around the world.  Ten thousand days in prison were not enough to break Mandela’s spirit and his devotion to the freedom of all people.  He led his nation not only in overcoming the divisions of racism, but in reconciling and healing.   Mandela’s influence does not end with his passing.  His story and moral courage has changed countless lives forever. As he once said, ‘the true test of our devotion to freedom is just beginning.’  State and federal lawmakers across the U.S. looked to Mandela as an inspiration when crafting laws that mandated divestment from South Africa’s cruel Apartheid regime.  I had the privilege of serving as Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates when we passed such legislation.  Years later, our Nation is still striving to follow in Mandela’s footsteps and fully realize his dream of peace and equality for all of mankind. -Ben
NA
NA
#Solidarity w/ #FastFoodStrikes. Their fight for fair pay is our fight for a just society. 
 
 Solidarity forever
Today in 1933 Prohibition ended in the United States. Good thing it did,- #Maryland wouldn't have such a wealth of great small breweries like Flying Dog Brewery.  
 
 
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/25/flying-dog-brewery-ben-cardin_n_3494500.html
Thinking of Nelson Mandela, who I just learned has died. He was an inspiration to us all and will be for years to come. My prayers are with him and his family.
A few months back I met an impressive young man named Braeden Mannering who is working to feed the hungry of Delaware. I wrote to Braeden to thank him for the great work he’s doing. I’m touched by his response. Click below to see it.
I am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Nelson Mandela. His unwavering commitment to justice and equality will inspire politicians and activists for many generations to come. #Mandela
Raising the minimum wage is about basic fairness and economic security for over Pennsylvania’s workers and families. Congress should have an up or down vote on raising the minimum wage. Passing this bill will increase Pennsylvania’s GDP by over $1 billion and add thousands of jobs. It will have positive economic impacts for the entire state not just those working for the minimum wage.
"It is hard to overstate Nelson Mandela's transformative impact on his country and the world. The lesson of his personal determination in the face of decades of imprisonment and oppression, followed by his unwavering grace and forgiveness towards his former captors is one of the great reconciliation stories in human history."
“I am saddened to hear of the passing of former South African President Nelson Mandela.  His tireless and courageous efforts to bring freedom and equality to all in his home country and across the world will continue to inspire us.  May we learn from his example and may he rest in peace.” -Joe
"As freedom-loving people, we want to see our country prosper and provide basic services to all. For our freedom can never be complete or our democracy stable unless the basic needs of our people are met. We have seen the stability that development brings. And in turn we know that peace is the most powerful weapon that any community or nation can have for development." -Nelson Mandela, Durban, South Africa, April 16, 1999
Today my DC interns, Matt Musacchia, of Fargo, and Michael Nagel, of Wyndmere, got a chance to chat with former North Dakota Congressman Earl Pomeroy.
Today I spoke at the Crystal Sugar Annual Conference in Fargo about the importance of the sugar program to the Red River Valley's economy and how critical it is that we pass a long-term, comprehensive Farm Bill. Sugar beet growers help support more than 142,000 American jobs in the sugar industry. And North Dakota is the second largest producer of sugar beets in the country. There had been many attempts to remove the sugar program from the 2013 Farm Bill, but I worked with several colleagues across the aisle to fight back against those attempts and make sure our producers get the help and assistance they need.
At the Pre-Kindergarten Reading Corp today, I met many of the preschoolers and the staff who are committed to helping our North Dakota students learn to read by the critical benchmark of third grade. Studies show kids who aren't able to read are four times more likely to drop out of high school. And I had the pleasure of reading "Brown Bear, Brown Bear" to the kids.
Today I visited the engaged children and wonderful staff at Valley City Head Start. The reckless across-the-board spending cuts are causing real damage to Head Start programs in North Dakota and across the country. Since these harsh cuts began earlier this year, nearly $405 million dollars has been slashed from Head Start programs nationwide, resulting in 57,265 fewer children participating, including nearly 200 in North Dakota. These cuts forced Valley City Head Start to cut 17 children from its program, reduce classroom sizes, and combine employees' positions. We absolutely need to address our deficit and spending problems, but we can't do it by imposing harsh cuts to proven early childhood education programs. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e3805003-cc0b-413b-b7ab-5ffeea1e49ec
The talented folks at Inspired Woman Magazine recapped my first year in office. I'm so thankful to represent North Dakotans every day. http://inspiredwomanonline.com/2304/heidi-heitkamp-one-of-a-hundred/
Before you head to work tomorrow morning, make sure that you’re fully prepared to drive in the unpredictable winter conditions. Use AAA’s brochure as a resource to brush up on best practices of winter driving and to make sure you have all the necessary items in your winter survival kit (page 4).
The world has lost a great leader and advocate for equality with the loss of President Mandela but his legacy lives on in a democratic and free South Africa. I join millions across the globe in mourning his passing and hope his life will continue to inspire new generations of leaders to fight for more inclusive and just societies.
Such sad news to learn of the passing of Nelson Mandela. 
 
 I remember meeting with President Mandela in South Africa years ago and the experience left me humbled by his humility and inspired by his fortitude – it was a moment that I never will forget. 
 
 You can read my full statement on the life & legacy of President Mandela here: http://1.usa.gov/1bjMVad
This week I embarked on a three-stop Jobs Tour across Maryland's Eastern Shore to talk jobs, jobs, jobs. I believe the best social program is a job, and that no one should have to leave the Shore to get a job.  I was proud to help cut the ribbon dedicating the new Crisfield Depot pier, restored after the devastation of Super Storm Sandy. Promises made are promises kept. I will continue to fight for Eastern Shore communities and jobs today and jobs tomorrow.
Good news from the US Department of Education: an ambitious plan to promote higher education innovation that lowers costs, improves quality, and reduces the time for a degree. I’ll introduce new legislation next week that promotes the same goals and expands on these ideas.
The world lost a visionary leader today. We will miss Nelson Mandela.
NA
“Nelson Mandela's principled life defined courage. History will be kind to him. He deserved and earned the world's admiration and respect.” -Claire
"As many of you know I was raised by two Mizzou graduates and spent from 4th grade until I graduated from law school in Columbia. To say I was raised under a black and gold banner is an understatement. And my father really taught me about the game of football. So when I was a senior at Mizzou I decided to make him a very special Christmas present. I designed and drew the football helmets of all of our conference members and needle-pointed this large wall hanging for him. It now hangs in my home where I have tried to pass on to my children a love of football and all things Mizzou. My dad would be very excited and proud of our team this year and would be relishing our role of underdog in the SEC championship game this weekend. Merry Christmas and M...I...Z..." -Claire #TBT #ThrowbackThursday
I am deeply saddened by the passing of Nelson Mandela, an extraordinary human being and friend to all humankind.  He transformed South Africa and helped liberate people of all walks of life from inequality and injustice.  As a world leader, Nelson Mandela emanated wisdom, peace, healing, joy, and brotherhood.  President Mandela was a uniquely gifted individual who taught us that we all have the capacity to make our communities, and the world, a better place.  He continues to be an inspiration.
Urging @USTradeRep, @USDA to lower trade barriers & open markets to promote growth of companies like Cayuga Milk Ingredients
After sudden EPA rule change, Monroe County, City of Rochester and taxpayers must throw out $400K-worth of fire hydrants come January. EPA must grant a waiver for these hydrants so taxpayer dollars don’t go to waste. Visited them today.
Saddened to hear about Nelson Mandela’s passing. We lost a remarkable leader today who left the world a better place. His legacy will continue to inspire and live on.  -JS
Watch me on CNN this afternoon at 4:30 p.m. MT.  I’ll be on Crossfire to debate Congressman Adam Kinzinger from Illinois about how to make Congress work better and end dysfunction in Washington, D.C.  Click SHARE to tell your friends.
I'm deeply saddened to hear of Nelson Mandela's passing. His inspiring personal fight to overcome oppression and his lifetime of crusading for justice transformed a nation and changed the world for the better. He taught that freedom and peace are best achieved through education and respect for everyone in society. We will best celebrate Mandela's life by honoring those lessons long into the future.
Because of the overwhelming response to our conference last month, my office is proud to host an additional Women's Career Success Conference in Albuquerque next week to help New Mexico women enhance their careers. We're bringing together area employers, nonprofit organizations and federal agency officials to offer personalized skill-building opportunities, career resources and training programs to help women strengthen their competitiveness in the job market. Space is limited, so please sign up today at the link below and share it with others who could benefit from this great opportunity.
Preventive health care saves lives - and thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Rhode Islanders are already receiving additional preventive care.
So sad to hear the news about Nelson Mandela. Few people in history have represented such a positive, lifelong force for change. RIP.
Expanding access to clean, reliable public water supplies has been a priority of mine since I served as Governor, when we extended access to more than 70,000 Virginians while also making record investments in Virginia’s Water Quality Improvement Fund. This is a welcome and significant step to promote public health and support improved water quality in Wise County.
As MWAA finishes critical safety testing for the Silver Line, I am urging them to do everything in their power to complete the work as quickly and responsibly as possible and avoid further delays so that our region’s commuters and travelers can benefit from this crucial transportation link.
