Today, along with some of my colleagues from the House and Senate, I visited the US-Mexican Border. I met with local authorities, volunteers, and federal officials, toured an HHS facility, and asked tough questions of border control about the treatment of unaccompanied minors.   I saw young children crowded in cement cells—nothing short of a humanitarian crisis.    I look forward to working with my colleagues on legislative reforms to address this issue. http://j.mp/1n1OgJn
Hundreds of innocent people died in the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 yesterday. We are still awaiting more details on the circumstances surrounding the crash–and I will be watching this story closely—but in the meantime, our hearts and prayers are with the families and friends of those lost. -RB
Yesterday I was able to meet with Ambassador Ruben Zamora of El Salvador, Ambassador Julio Ligorria of Guatemala, and Eduardo Medina-Mora of Mexico. We discussed the underlying causes behind the recent surge of Central American migration and what needs to be done to address the root causes of what we’re seeing along the U.S. southern border.
The I-495 bridge closure has been a vivid reminder of just how important our infrastructure is to our daily lives. President Obama's message in Delaware today was right: Congress should not starve our roads and bridges of the maintenance they need to stay safe. (AP Photo)
Great Indiana Black Expo Corporate Luncheon going on in Indianapolis today. #SummerCelebration #Good4IN
NA
Thank you Col. Schwartz for coming by the office to give us an update on Grissom Air Reserve Base and the 434th Air Refueling Wing.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
I’ll sit down with Candy Crowley on CNN's "State of the Union" this Sunday at 9 a.m. EDT to discuss the Malaysian Airlines crash, Ukraine, and Gaza.
Help is on the way from USDA for 73,000 Californians to protect drinking water during this historic drought.
Talking with delegate members from the International Law Enforcement Academy, where they receive critical law enforcement training. The delegates are from Kosovo, Macedonia, and Bulgaria this session.
Talking about the importance of STEM education with Roswell Job Corps Center Students.
Lunch at Martin’s Capitol Cafe, I had tamales with red chile. What’s your favorite item on the menu?
Discussing the fisheries program at the USFWS Southwest Region’s Southwestern Native Aquatic Resources and Recovery Center.
Highlighting the great work in innovation and technology that drive New Mexico’s economy.
Hope folks will join in an effort to raise awareness about suicide, PTS and depression at Jamestown’s 1st annual Ride to Silence the Stigma event this Sunday. Too many families experience the loss of a loved one due to suicide and the best way for prevention is to end the stigma associated with PTS and depression so those struggling feel comfortable getting the help they need.
The Pembina Water Resource District will receive nearly $300,000 to complete ongoing rehabilitation work at the Renwick Dam on the Tongue River, which provides flood protection to Cavalier and other downstream communities. It is critical for us to make infrastructure investments like this one to help our communities thrive. Especially because of the increased population in our state and aging infrastructure, the time to invest in infrastructure projects is now. 
Thanks to Sam Steidle for a great tour of the #CoLab and to the entrepreneurs for their intelligent questions & comments.
Read my statement on the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17:
I am impressed by the Roanoke Valley's work to combat drug abuse and the success stories of drug court graduates I spoke with at the 23rd Judicial Circuit of Virginia’s Drug Court Graduation ceremony today. Many thanks to the judges for their commitment to helping Virginians who are struggling with drug addiction.
Warming up for my first pitch at the Salem Red Sox game tomorrow. Very excited to be there!
This week we pay tribute to the life of Mattie Stepanek who passed away ten years ago after a fight with Muscular Dystrophy. We are especially thinking of him as Thursday would have marked his 24th birthday. Mattie was an inspiration to all as a gifted author and noted peacemaker. He took a personal challenge and turned it into a message of peace heard around the world. To honor his life and legacy, I was joined by Senator Ben Cardin to introduce a Senate resolution declaring July 17, 2014 as Mattie Stepanek World Peace Day.   http://www.mikulski.senate.gov/media/pressrelease/loader.cfm?csModule=security/getfile&pageid=16623
Thank you to all who joined me in Portland today to call for Congress to keep bosses out of their employees’ health care decisions!  Read more here: http://www.merkley.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=6f1db3e2-ba7f-41bc-8201-b346f1721163
Great lunch today with this summer's intern class from Long Island, NYC & the Hudson Valley
Senator Shaheen presented long-overdue service medals to the family of World War I veteran Frank A. Silva today at the American Legion Post # 37 in Hooksett. Senator Shaheen was joined by state military and veteran services officials to present the service medals to Commander Frank Silva and Kathleen Talley, the son and daughter of Frank A. Silva.  Read more about Frank A. Silva’s service here: http://1.usa.gov/Ugfh0P
The downing of the airplane over Ukraine is incredibly tragic.  Sharla and I send our thoughts and prayers to the families who lost loved ones in this terrible incident.
For the past several months, New Mexicans from all four corners have been uploading their pictures to our #ShowcaseNM photo contest to showcase our beautiful state. Congratulations to New Mexico Highlands graduate Request Sigdel ­ his "Flower in the desert" from the Albuquerque Botanic Garden received the most number of your "likes" on Facebook. In second place was Karin Schuh for her stunning photo of the Organ Mountains in Las Cruces, and Paul Tashjian took third place for his excellent "Elena Gallegos May rain" taken on the Elena Gallegos Trail in the Sandia Mountains.   These photos and others will be showcased around my offices and through my online social media channels for everyone to enjoy. Thanks to all who submitted their photos, and to everyone who participated. Click here to view all the finalists, and share with others to help us #ShowcaseNM. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=more&id=2647
NA
Today I visited Narragansett’s Great Island Bridge to highlight the threat posed to jobs and safety by the pending shortfall in the Highway Trust Fund. It’s time to act.
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time you fall.”    Remembering and honoring the great leader and champion of freedom, Nelson Mandela on his 96th birthday #MandelaDay
