NA
NA
PHOTOS: Earlier, Senator Joe Donnelly visited Riley Hospital for Children at IU Health where he toured its new facilities, met with medical staff, and learned about IU Health's continuing commitment towards diabetes research.
Senator Donnelly Announces Grant for White River Railroad Bridge.
We had a powerful discussion at Old Dominion University this morning on the need for War Powers reform. Thank you to all of the veterans who came to the roundtable to share their thoughts with me on war powers and the use of limited military force in Syria.
Working to pass the Small BREW Act with @BillOwensNY. Sampled terrific #NYBrew today at Lake Placid Pub & Brewery
A new study finds Senator Shaheen's bipartisan energy efficiency  bill has the potential to create 136,000 domestic jobs by 2025 all while saving consumers billions of dollars and reducing pollution.  Please "like" and share if you're ready to see the benefits of energy efficiency!
“I have weighed the expert briefings and analysis, and listened closely to the people of Hawaii.  Though all of us are outraged by the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons, I have concluded that a military strike against Syria is not the answer. Therefore, I will oppose this resolution.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345653
Hosting a workforce roundtable at UNM-Gallup to talk with local health care experts about how to create partnerships and help meet the demand for health care jobs in Western New Mexico.
Visiting the Pine Hill and Ramah communities to celebrate the expansion of rural and Native economic development projects.
Speaking with shipyard workers in Norfolk today. These folks represent the front line in Virginia's long, strong partnership with the U.S. Navy.
Proud of our #VAYPS2013 attendees for volunteering this morning at an elementary school in Norfolk!
Great conversations with a lot of Virginians this week in Fredericksburg, on the Northern Neck and Middle Peninsula, and down into Hampton Roads. 
 
 Glad I had this opportunity to encourage startup entrepreneurs in Fredericksburg, promote tourism on the Northern Neck, and tour the new Revolutionary War Museum under construction at Yorktown Victory Center. We’ve also held town hall meetings with residents and community leaders on the Northern Neck and the Peninsula, and we’ll visit with shipyard workers at BAE Ship Repair in Norfolk later today. 
 
 Saturday, I look forward to celebrating Virginia’s strong partnership with the Navy at the commissioning of the USS Minnesota, and we’re also hosting our 3rd annual Young Professionals Summit in Norfolk.
