Like and share this image to tell the House it is time to vote on ENDA!
Tune in to NASA's live stream of the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN Launch scheduled for 11:28 MT today!    The University of Colorado's Laboratory of Atmospheric and Space Physics (LASP) has been a lead institution on the project, and CU-Boulder professor Bruce Jakosky leads the project on behalf of NASA. Of the eight instruments that will take measurements while orbiting Mars, two were designed and built at LASP.    The students and scientists at LASP are making extraordinary contributions to science and our understanding of the universe around us. The University of Colorado’s essential role in the conceptualization and execution of this groundbreaking launch is another example of the many Colorado institutions on the cutting edge of innovation – including several other that worked on this project. CU’s work on this issue is making the state proud.
Judge Robert L. Wilkins has been nominated for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which is often referred to as the nation’s second highest court due to the importance of its caseload.  The Court has an over 25% vacancy rate, so the Senate should act quickly to fill these critical seats.  The Senate unanimously confirmed Judge Wilkins in 2010 for his current position.  I hope that the full Senate will vote to confirm Judge Wilkins- an extremely qualified nominee with a strong legal mind and a solid track record of administering justice.
Looking forward to a productive roundtable discussion on #Haiyan relief efforts with members of the #Philippino-American community, officials from USAID, and U.S. Department of State. In Bowie, Maryland
Here's a look at my Friday in our state's capital.
Starting at 3:00 - chairing a hearing looking at risks, threats, and potential promise of virtual currency such as Bitcoin. Click here to watch live at 3pm: http://1.usa.gov/1hqQJfE
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! The one with the most likes on November 22 will be used as our cover photo until the end of the year. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
Hoosiers who experienced damage to their homes or property can use this online form from the Indiana Department of Homeland Security to report damage. This is not an application for assistance but will be used to help decide whether federal assistance can be pursued.
Visiting a tornado shelter in Kokomo this morning, Joe and Governor Mike Pence learned about ways Hoosiers stayed safe during yesterday's severe storms.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the tornados and severe weather in Indiana and across the Midwest.   For more information on preparedness for severe weather, visit getprepared.in.gov.
Proud to nominate Jessica Bushaw from Bismarck, Austin Meyer from Grand Forks, and Joseph Rensvold from Minot for admissions to the nation’s military service academies.  These students exemplify the hard work and commitment to serving our country that North Dakota prides itself on.  I look forward to hearing about the many more accomplishments I have no doubt they will achieve.
My thoughts and prayers remain with those impacted by Typhoon Haiyan. Many Virginians have loved ones in the Philippines and my staff and I are committed to providing them with the support and resources they need. Please take a moment to read this moving Commonwealth Connection post by my Northern Virginia Regional Director Joe Montano, a Filipino American from Norfolk who has family in the Philippines, and learn more about ways you can help:
Below is the LINK to a Washington Post/Witnify video interview with Senator Leahy, about his recollections from the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, 50 years ago this Friday.  Patrick Leahy at the time was a law student at the Georgetown Law Center, and he and wife Marcelle were in Washington as they lived through the trauma that roiled the nation.
Great day in NJ! The State Senate today voted for tuition equality. 
                  
 For a long time I’ve advocated for thousands of NJ students who cannot afford to attend college without tuition assistance and deserve to achieve their full potential.
 
 Check out my full statement: http://1.usa.gov/1f9ahmR
Congratulations to the men & woman at NASA and NASA Goddard in Maryland on the successful #MAVEN launch – continuing to push the boundaries of science & discovery on the Red Planet!
NA
When it comes to combating military sexual assault, the policy matters.
"In Oregon, at least, people who oppose each other one day can work together the next, offering a model of comity while obtaining positive results."
Today, Senate Republicans once again filibustered one of President Obama's qualified nominees to fill the vacant seats on the DC Circuit court. Republicans have blocked nominees solely to deny President Obama his constitutional right to appoint judges.
"3-D printers are a miraculous technology that have the potential to revolutionize manufacturing, but we need to make sure they are not being used to make deadly, undetectable weapons."
Senator Schatz was on MSNBC to talk about the benefits of the Affordable Care Act, including keeping young adults on their parents' insurance until age 26 and ensuring those with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied health care coverage.  He also discussed Hawai‘i's experience expanding health care, covering 90% of the state's population and lowering overall health care costs.
Today, I got a chance to tour important infrastructure projects along Elmwood Avenue in Providence. Projects like these create much-needed construction jobs, and help boost the local economy by improving public transportation options. Thank you to Rhode Island Department of Transportation and Rhode Island Public Transit Authority for leading the RI Congressional delegation on this tour today!
Thank you to all those who participated in my Fall Photo Contest. Today is the last day we'll accept photos. We received many beautiful pictures from all over the Commonwealth. We’ll feature a new photo each week in the coming weeks.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
We are in a real and growing retirement crisis – a crisis that is shaking the foundations of what was once a vibrant and secure middle class. The absolute last thing we should be doing right now is talking about cutting back on Social Security.  The absolute last thing we should do in 2013 – at the very moment that Social Security has become the principal lifeline for millions of our seniors -- is allow the program to begin to be dismantled inch by inch. Watch my floor speech on the retirement crisis today.
