Good news for Delaware's Volunteer Fire Departments came out today from the Treasury Department - http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=15591b4a-7ae1-41d4-a0f9-9dc22308a34d
Flu season is here. Make sure you get your flu shot if you haven't already, and follow some important tips for how to keep you and your family healthy this flu season.
January is National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month. Sadly, these terrible crimes are still prevalent throughout the world, including here in the United States.   Last year, I held a hearing to look at what we can do to end these disgusting acts once and for all.
Great news for Delaware's volunteer fire companies!
“As we saw during the recent snowstorms and severely cold weather in Indiana, volunteer firefighters and other first responders who donate their time to serve Hoosiers are an essential part of our communities. I am pleased that the Treasury will protect the ability of fire departments across our state to continue to serve.  It is important that fire departments are able to distinguish between full-time, paid emergency personnel and volunteer personnel so they can keep costs low and services at full capacity.” -Joe
Senator Donnelly today applauded the West Lafayette Fire Department for receiving one of the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency’s SAFER grants in the amount of $1.15 million to be used to fund seven frontline firefighters. Senator Donnelly wrote a letter of support on the Department’s behalf last October.  Donnelly said, “Indiana’s firemen and women are some of the bravest and hardest working members of our community, and I am proud to see the West Lafayette Fire Department receive the federal support they need. The West Lafayette Fire Department provides aid not only to the West Lafayette community, but Purdue University, Wabash Township, and the City of Lafayette as well. This grant money will help them serve these communities much more safely and efficiently by allowing them to hire seven additional fire fighters. These men and women put their lives on the line every day, and they deserve our support.”
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Hat World, Inc. is relocating and expanding its headquarters to Zionsville, creating up to 758 new jobs by 2025.
Help spread the word on what the National Guard and Senator Donnelly are doing to help prevent military suicides by sharing this story from The Indianapolis Star. Senator Donnelly is committed to continuing his work on this issue, especially his legislation named after Hoosier Guardsman Jacob Sexton.
McClatchyDC did a profile story on my role on the Senate Intelligence Committee and my belief that the National Security Agency surveillance programs should be reined in. I hope you'll take a moment to read it.
I’ve heard too many concerns and complaints from North Dakotans about the problems they face getting their mail on time, and it absolutely needs to be fixed. Today, while I was in Dickinson meeting with U.S. Postal Service officials and community leaders, I launched a new grassroots effort to help North Dakotans have their voices heard by the U.S. Postal Service. I hope North Dakotans will share their stories if they have encountered extensive delivery times or had to deal with other problems with their postal service. I’ll then present the stories to the Postmaster General and the U.S. Government Accountability Office, the independent agency I called on today to investigate the postal delivery standards North Dakotans and other Americans experience. Send in your stories by going to my website or by telling your story on Twitter or Facebook using #FixMyMail http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=4e7d2196-644d-4efa-80ab-e2e2a6829dcc
The budget compromise was by no means perfect, and it wasn’t the bill I would have written. One provision I never would have included on my own was language to reduce the cost-of-living increase in benefits that go to military retirees until age 62. Our servicemembers and veterans deserve our strong support. Sadly, this provision falls short. The commitments we make to those who are willing to give the ultimate sacrifice for our country, should be sacred. That’s why I cosponsored two bills to address this issue, including a bill that would fully repeal this provision and make sure all military retirees get the full benefits they are due.
Governor Tomblin is encouraging donations for those affected West Virginia American Water Co. customers, TODAY (Jan. 10) until 6:30 p.m.   Items can be dropped off in front of the West Virginia Capitol on Kanawha Boulevard.   Needed items include: water, sanitizer, wipes, liquid baby formula, paper plates, plastic utensils and microwaveable meals.
Staff members are traveling from Moorefield to bring water back to the Metro Valley.
Today I have spoken with the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the regional administrator of FEMA and Governor Tomblin to ensure that West Virginians receive every possible resource from the federal government while we work to resolve this issue. They have informed me that the first water trucks are anticipated to arrive this afternoon and that they will monitor and work to resolve the issue immediately.  West Virginia American Water estimates that thousands of miles of main line in their water distribution system have been affected, and it could take several days to return to normal. Until the situation is resolved, I urge all West Virginians to not drink, boil, wash, clean, bathe or give to pets your water. Please only use water for sanitation and fire protection. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and do everything we can to provide water and the resources necessary to help all those who are affected.   I know hundreds of thousands of West Virginians are in need at this time, and I want you to know that I am doing everything in my power to help you get the resources and assistance you need as quickly as possible. Please remember to lend a helping hand to your neighbors at this challenging time. As always, you can call any of my office numbers for assistance.  Please visit my Emergency Information Center for resources and updates:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fd05fdb4-50fa-4f8b-9516-28a35425a5fe
Please visit my Emergency Information Center for resources and updates: http://1.usa.gov/1iqmLVY  IF YOU ARE IN NEED OF IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE: Contact my Charleston office at 304-342-5855  URGENT: Citizens of Boone, Clay, Jackson, Kanawha, Lincoln, Logan, Putnam, and Roane counties are urged NOT to drink, boil, wash, clean, bathe and give to pets; only for sanitation and fire protection.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fd05fdb4-50fa-4f8b-9516-28a35425a5fe
If you are without water due to this emergency, please visit one of the water distribution centers in your area and remember to take your own container. Here is a full list:   Chapman Funeral Home, located at 3941 Teays Valley Road, Hurricane.  Bartlett-Chapman Funeral Home, located at 409 6th Ave., St. Albans.   St. Marks Episcopal Church, located at 405 B St., St. Albans.  Crossing Baptist Church, located at 2031 Harrison Ave., St. Albans.  West Virginia Division of Highways Headquarters located at U.S. 60 and Walnut Street.  Hamlin Volunteer Fire Department located at 8049 Vine Ave., Hamlin.  West Hamlin Volunteer Fire Department, located at 121 Guyan Street, Hamlin.  Culloden Volunteer Fire Department, located at 2102 3rd St., Culloden.  Boone County 911 Center, located at 1267 Smoot Ave., Danville.  City of Spencer has a water distribution center located behind the Municipal Building.  A tanker has been set up at Crossings Mall, Elkview.  Riverside High School located in Belle.  Hurricane Walmart, free water is being distributed between 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., 20-gallon limit.  Hurricane Fire Department will distribute free water between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m., with a 20-gallon limit.  South Charleston Recreation Center, South Charleston.  Please share this information and follow me on Twitter for more updates. https://twitter.com/Sen_JoeManchin
Senator Shaheen hosted Acting Administrator of the Small Business Administration Jeanne Hulit in New Hampshire this morning to meet with members of New Hampshire’s business community and to promote job creation. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1dkD9bo
Congratulations to Columbus' Nathan Miller, Ronan's Tel Motichka and Bozeman's Jason Holmes on being accepted to our nation's outstanding service academies.  LIKE and SHARE to join me in thanking them for their service and wishing them luck as they continue Montana's proud service tradition.
One year ago today President Obama signed a bill I wrote on behalf of New Mexicans to establish an open burn pit registry and help determine to what extent air pollution caused by open air burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan has led to medical conditions among service members. I advocated for this registry on behalf of Albuquerque residents MSgt Jessey Baca and his wife Maria, who have worked across the country to help other veterans who have been exposed. Click here for the inspiring story of how we got this law passed, featuring an interview the Bacas.
It's #PhotoFriday where we #ShowcaseNM through your excellent photos. Today's photo by Julie near Nogal in Lincoln County shows the beauty of New Mexico in winter. 
 
 View more photos from the contest and upload yours before the snow melts at: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasingnewmexico/
Today is the anniversary of President Obama signing a very important bill to New Mexico - the Katie Sepich Enhanced DNA Collection Act. I was proud to sponsor this bill on behalf of Jayann and Dave Sepich of Carlsbad, who have worked tirelessly through their organization DNA Saves across the country to get it passed. There are more than 33 states that have a Katie's Law on the books, and since the bill was signed into law, many other states are working to set up DNA collection programs like New Mexico's to help catch dangerous criminals and prevent heartbreaking tragedies like Katie's from happening in the future. Click here to watch a video featuring an interview with Jayann Sepich, and share it with others to help her get the word out to all 50 states.
This week, Senator Barbara Boxer and I gave reporters a sneak peak of our new effort to act on climate change. Details below.
This is a huge victory for volunteer emergency responders and the communities that rely on them. I’ve said all along that there will be issues that arise with health care reform and that we should work in a bipartisan way to fix them. I am proud that together, we were able to solve this issue and keep America’s first responders working for their communities.
