Yesterday, HHS released the new insurance premiums for those covered by the Affordable Care Act. Thanks to this new law, many people will have lower premiums than ever before! It’s clear to me, now more than ever, that the health care reform law will provide the coverage that Delawareans need. It’s time for everyone to #getcovered. Wh.gov/healthreform/map
Earlier, Senator Joe Donnelly stood up for Hoosiers who want to see more job opportunities so they can take care of their families, send their kids to college, and retire with dignity. Watch Joe’s speech in full here.
Share this photo with your friends if you agree with Senator Joe Donnelly.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Donnelly calls on Congress to stop the partisan fighting and start creating jobs for American families.
This afternoon, Senator Joe Donnelly will take the Senate floor and call on Congress to stop with the partisan fighting and focus on creating jobs for America’s workforce.
We need a Farm Bill because Hoosier farmers deserve certainty. -Joe #MyFarmBill
When I was diagnosed with breast cancer, I was fortunate to have good health care. But too many people aren't so lucky. The health reform law isn't perfect, but the fact is that it will provide affordable health coverage for more than 20 million Americans - including many women and children. Today, I spoke with female Senators, mothers, and kids about this. But just like other sweeping pieces of legislation - such as Social Security and Medicare - we can look to change parts of it that don't work or could work better.
NA
Today I was joined by Senate Democratic women, pregnant women and new moms to speak out for the 42 million Americans who right this minute have no healthcare but have hope because of the full implementation of Obamacare. We’re going to make sure the Affordable Care Act, which is the law of the land today, stays the law of the land tomorrow. We will not go back to the dark ages where being a woman was considered a preexisting condition.
Senator Mikulski, Senate Democratic women and new moms speak out against the House Republican's plan to roll back health care coverage for women by repealing Obamacare.
Glad the Administration signed the International Arms Trade Treaty this morning to stem tide of illegal guns worldwide. Next, Senate should ratify without delay. http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345803
Some elected officials are spreading a rumor that members of Congress and staff got an “exemption” from #Obamacare—watch Claire address the rumor directly today on Morning Joe.
NA
ICYMI: This morning I talked with David Bloomquist on NewsRadio 1170 WWVA about the EPA's new carbon emission standards. Listen here:  http://bit.ly/182ySnz
This is great news for Huntington and for West Virginia. 
Lets Go Buffalo! Thanks everyone for another terrific #BuffaloNite
Senator Shaheen hosted two top New Hampshire economists, Chancellor Ross Gittell of the Community College System of New Hampshire and Matthew Slaughter, Professor of Management at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth, at a roundtable discussion on the economy this morning. The panel brought together economists and members of the academic community to discuss budget priorities and legislative efforts to create jobs and grow the economy.   Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1fDlRoH
NA
Welcome to the #SchatzSeniors Team!
NA
U.S. Senator Brian Schatz released the following statement on the elimination of what is known as the “Monsanto Protection Act” from the Senate version of the short-term appropriations bill, the Continuing Resolution.  “The Monsanto Protection Act is bad policy for the country and the State of Hawai‘i,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz. “The Senate version of the Continuing Resolution does not include this provision, effectively repealing the Monsanto Protection Act. This provision took the ability of the Secretary of Agriculture to fully exercise his regulatory power over GMOs, and compromised the role of our courts as a check on the legislative and executive systems, making it significantly more difficult for concerned citizens to present their case.  “I strongly urge the House not to sneak the Monsanto Protection Act back into the final version of the appropriations bill. However, if it is slipped back in, rather than letting the issue be deliberated with full transparency and public input, I will immediately introduce legislation to repeal it.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345800
"The VA grant will ensure that the groundskeepers and cemetery officials have access to the resources they need to improve the Maui Veterans Cemetery and honor the final resting place of those veterans that are interred there," said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz. "I am committed to ensuring that our veterans and their families are honored for their services, and that their sacrifices for our nation are remembered long after they have passed."
The House Republicans' plan to shut down the government over Obamacare is reckless and would only harm New Mexico. It would mean an end to federal assistance for flood and storm recovery, halt pay for military families, delay new applications for Social Security and veterans' benefits and so much more. I’m pretty tired of these threats, and I know New Mexicans are too. We should be concentrating on getting health care to our citizens, not playing politics with the past. I will work with anyone to make the health care law better, but too much is at risk for New Mexico if we shut down the government, and I'll continue working to find a common sense solution.
This is political theater at its worst.
