“I am so proud to have an organization as venerable as the NAACP based out of #Baltimore City. Today in 1909 the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People began their crusade for civil rights. 105 years later the NAACP continues to build on a rich and noble history of protecting and advancing the civil rights of all Americans. Through strength and strategy the NAACP has helped enact some of the most important legal and social reforms in the last century. After 105 years of striving to make us ‘a more perfect union’ it is clear that the #NAACP is far from contented. From voting rights to fair and equal access to all our great nation offers her citizens; the NAACP remains on watch. I congratulate the NAACP for 105 successful years and thank them for their past, present, and future hard work in the name of equality.”
We could renew the critical lifeline that is unemployment insurance today if one Republican would change their vote and end this destructive filibuster.   Via the Washington Post   Mitchell Hirsch of National Employment Law Project said people were “thrust essentially overnight from a situation where they were struggling to make ends meet with their benefits into one where they’re now struggling just to survive.” Six weeks later, he said, “what we’re hearing ... is increasingly desperate.”  #RenewUI
It’s an exciting time to be a Blue Hen:  Men’s basketball has won 12 straight and is still undefeated in conference play!  Come out to the Bob tonight and support the Hens as we try to keep the streak alive!
Proud to join up with the Delaware Congressional Delegation and Brandywine Counseling and Community Services to host employers from all around the region at a job fair in Wilmington on March 7 from 10 am to 2 pm.  Please share to help spread the news about this important event!
One of my favorite days of the year!
Snow and ice are the news of the day, but extreme weather can happen during any season. Today I will be chairing a hearing on what our government is doing to prepare for weather disasters. The hearing starts at 10 AM and you can watch it live: http://1.usa.gov/1h5wTGW
Our next job fair is on Friday, March 7 from 10 to 2 at the Chase Center in Wilmington! Please share this!
Joe signed “The Ball” yesterday on the steps of the Capitol as part of the Spirit Of Football's journey to 25 countries while en route to the 2014 World Cup. The not-for-profit, with a Notre Dame grad as one of its leaders, organizes events along the way to promote fair play and partners with other organizations such as the Special Olympics http://spiritoffootball.com/.
President Obama raised minimum wage today for federal contractors. We shouldn't stop there. Congress should increase minimum wage for all workers.
8% of the 470,000 African elephants are poached illegally each year. Read my statement on a new national strategy to end wildlife trafficking:
Today I voted to restore the pension cost-of-living adjustment to military men and women’s retirement pay. It’s critical that we continue to reduce our deficit, but we must do it responsibly. Balancing the budget on the backs of our veterans and their families is not an option. Our men and women in uniform have risked their lives to protect our nation and deserve more than words of gratitude for their sacrifice. They deserve the quality care and benefits that they were promised.
As a proud AmeriCorps alum, I was honored to receive The Corps Network's 2014 Congressional Champion Award today and congratulate Corpsmember of the Year Linda Santana with the Rocky Mountain Youth Corps in Taos. Her example helps assure us that young people are working for the betterment of our community and our nation’s outlook remains bright.
Spoke with folks from Trauma Center Association of America, including Fargo residents Steve Briggs and Deb Syverson, about the challenges trauma centers face.
Improving education in Indian Country is critically important for our native children and I’m committed to doing what I can to bring this issue to light with my colleagues. Today, I met with folks from the American Indian Higher Education Consortium, including from Fort Berthold, Candeska Cikana, Sitting Bull College, Turtle Mountain Community College and United Tribes Technical College, to talk about the different ways we can work together moving forward.
At a Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hearing today, I questioned witnesses, including ND’s U.S. Attorney Tim Purdon, about the findings of a national report which revealed that Native youth experience violent crimes at rates up to 10x the national average and that 1/3 Native American girls will be raped in their lifetimes. I have long stressed the importance of high-quality tribal court systems, state and tribal cooperation, and re-entry programs, and this report underscores how effective local solutions like these are. Now we need to make these reforms and you can bet I will make sure there is follow through on these recommendations.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=494d0781-5650-49b0-8fd7-381ae7194aa4 
In December, the Senate came together to pass a bipartisan two-year budget agreement. This helped reduce our deficit, and provided much-needed certainty to our economy. However, as I said when it passed, that deal was by no means perfect, and it wasn’t the bill I would have written. I would not have included language put forth by other members – Republicans and Democrats – to reduce the cost-of-living increases in benefits that go to military retirees under age 62. That’s why I cosponsored legislation to reverse these cuts, as we shouldn’t reduce the deficit on the backs of those who willingly risked their lives to defend each of us. And today, I voted to make sure all military retirees get the full benefits they earned and were promised. 
Hoping to hear from as many North Dakotans as possible at my first Facebook Q&A tomorrow, Feb. 13 at 6:00pm CT. I’ll answer as many questions as I can about my efforts to build an all-of-the-above energy strategy in North Dakota. Go to my page to post your question and follow along.
Today the Senate came together to repeal pension reductions that would have harmed our veterans and military families. I have been fighting to repeal these reductions since December and I’m relieved we can now give military veterans and their families the peace of mind they deserve. I am disappointed that we chose to offset the cost of this bill by extending sequester cuts into later years because, in my view, we should have acted now to close unnecessary tax loopholes. An offset I proposed with Senator Warner would have replaced the military pension reduction for current and future retirees by closing a corporate tax loophole that allows offshore corporations to avoid paying their fair share of U.S. taxes. While this is by no means an ideal package, I’m pleased that we’re able to make things right for our nation’s military retirees.
I'm so pleased to receive a tremendous Voices for National Service award that honors the spirit of service to our communities and nation. Every day in every way volunteers are unflagging & unflinching in their determination to make a difference through neighbor helping neighbor. Each of us can make a difference - together we can make change!
"I'm not afraid to say no to my party and I'm not afraid to embrace the other party if it's a good idea that will work for the people of Missouri." -Claire    More from KOLR10 & Ozarks Local News discussion with Claire about her position as the most moderate member of the Senate. 
When the Senate returns, we will revisit the issue of extending unemployment insurance benefits.  I want to be absolutely clear: This issue is not going away. We are one Republican vote away from restoring this lifeline.   1.7 million Americans — including 22,000 Nevadans — depend on this lifeline. And we are not going to let them down.
I commend Speaker Boehner for doing the right thing yesterday. I am pleased that he has come to the realization that the full faith and credit of the United States is not a hostage to be held for political gain. Unfortunately, now we have Republican Senators who are threatening to filibuster the House-passed debt ceiling bill. We need to spend more time working together and less time overcoming Republican obstacles.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Senate approved a military retiree COLA fix by a vote of 95-3:  “It is important that we honor our commitment to the men and women who have volunteered and sacrificed to protect our country,” Shaheen said. “Today’s vote was the right thing to do. This bill rightfully restores cost of living adjustments for military retirees who have fought for our country and does so without adding to the deficit. I’m encouraged by the cooperation behind this agreement and am hopeful we can continue to work in the same bipartisan fashion moving forward.”  Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=b1cf6241-8776-4f30-ae9a-f10c55ae1f4e  
NA
To safeguard military retirees from changes in cost of living adjustments that are set to take effect in 2015, Senator Schatz co-sponsored the Military Retirement Pay Restoration Act.  And today, Senator Schatz, Senate Democrats, and veterans groups called on Republicans to support their legislation and reinstate earned benefits for military retirees.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27WwfqjDWdw
The Transportation Department wants all cars to come equipped with data recorders – like the black boxes they use on airplanes.  That’s good for investigations, but bad for Montanans’ privacy.  I recently co-sponsored a bipartisan bill to make it clear that black boxes belong to car owners.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1dJ8TRU
Glad to join the Senate in restoring the cost of living adjustment (COLA) for working-age military retirees. I heard from New Mexico military retirees and their families about the importance of these benefits, and I urge the president to sign this measure into law as soon as possible. Repealing this cut was the right thing to do, and I am very pleased with the bipartisan vote to keep our promise to military families.
Today I spoke about an issue all too familiar to New Mexico veterans – the difficulty of accessing health care services in rural communities. I’ve talked to veterans from Chama to Carlsbad about the challenges they face – the hours spent driving, waiting and seeking care in VA facilities. I shared some of their stories on the Senate floor as I talked about my legislation to help ensure they can get the care they have earned.  I'm proud to introduce the bipartisan Rural Veterans Improvement Act on their behalf – to improve access to mental health services, help veterans get transportation to far-away doctor's appointments, and prevent turnover among doctors and staff at our rural health care clinics. Click below to hear their stories and help spread the word if you agree - our veterans have fought half way around the world for our freedom and we should go the extra mile for them.
Establishing this center will allow the retail industry to better share information that could help prevent the types of widespread consumer data thefts we now are seeing. "Forewarned is forearmed," and the private sector should consider establishing this framework so they can share up-to-date information about the serious and growing threat of hacking, cyber and identity theft.
NA
Today I joined Senators Durbin, Reed, and Gillibrand on the Senate floor to talk about the crushing burden that student debt places on our college students and our economy. I also discussed my plan to introduce legislation to allow graduates to refinance existing student debt. Our country should offer a helping hand to the young people who are working hard to try to build a future. Watch my remarks here.
