We can’t let Wisconsin continue its effort to create burdensome roadblocks that make it harder to register and vote. Sign our petition now!
It was great to see so many friends and supporters at the Janesville Labor Day Parade! - TB
NA
Calling on Congress to raise the national minimum wage by passing the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013. http://1.usa.gov/1a9VIdI
Senator Coons talks about his vote on military force in Syria in the Foreign Relations Committee
Share this good news with your friends. Duke Energy Retail announced plans to fund Ivy Tech Community College scholarships for regional training programs designed to prepare workers for the skills needed in Indiana’s manufacturing industry. #SkillsGap
Behind the scenes: Media interview following a Senate Intelligence Committee briefing on chemical weapons attacks in Syria.
I visited the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Community-Based Outpatient Clinic in Raton to talk with veterans, VA staff, and local officials about issues affecting patient quality of care. I also  toured the site where construction has just begun on a new state-of-the-art VA clinic, which will be more than double the size of the current clinic, provide additional comprehensive health services, and expand mental and tele-health services. August 30, 2013
I was briefed by local officials, engineers, and a coalition of local, state, and federal representatives on the ongoing recovery efforts from the devastating fire of 2011. This coalition exemplifies what happens when we come together and work collaboratively. I am incredibly proud of the work they do every day to protect our communities. August 29, 2013
My visit to the Cimarron Solar Facility allowed me to meet with staff and engineers to discuss New Mexico’s solar renewable energy resources. The facility’s current solar project is located on 250 acres between Cimarron and Springer, and provides  energy to almost 9,000 local homes. New Mexico has great potential to lead the nation in renewable energy.
I met with students, faculty, education and labor leaders at Northern New Mexico College. I know how effective and essential our colleges and universities are to strengthening our middle class.
My visit to Rio Arriba County included an economic development meeting with Mayor Alice Lucero and local small business owners. I also visited Plaza de Española and met with staff to discuss cultural tourism in the region.
Check out this interview about the documentary "Best Kept Secret.” It follows New Jersey teacher Janet Mino as she prepares her autistic students to face the world that waits for them once they graduate.   I have introduced legislation to help with this problem. Info here: http://1.usa.gov/15I9pPZ   And make sure you see the film, which debuts in New York City tonight and Los Angeles tomorrow. Info here: http://bit.ly/13aqm4Q
A huge stride for fairness and equality. Thank you Secretary Shinseki.
The decision to use U.S. military force is one of the most serious decisions I have ever made. Over the past few weeks I have heard the concerns from thousands of West Virginians on the situation in Syria. This past week I have attended hearings before the Senate Armed Services Committee, which I am a member, and the Senate Foreign Relations Committees, of which I am not a member, to hear Secretaries Hagel and Kerry, and General Dempsey testify. I have attended classified briefings by the Administration, and have met with national security and foreign policy experts from the leading think tanks and universities around the country.   I have spoken with current and former military and administration officials. I sought out as much information as possible, so I could be sure that I had a complete understanding of the situation in Syria, and our strategic plan.   Given the case that has been presented to me, I believe that a military strike against Syria at this time is the wrong course of action. In good conscience, I cannot support the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s resolution and will be working with my colleagues and the administration to develop other options. I believe that we must exhaust all diplomatic options and have a comprehensive plan for international involvement before we act.
Great news: Rhode Island receives $10 million in federal funds for the Apponaug Circulator Long-Term Improvements Project in Warwick. Thanks to Governor Chafee and the Rhode Island Department of Transportation for working on this important grant and thanks to Senator Whitehouse and Representative Langevin for their work coordinating state efforts with federal initiatives. http://1.usa.gov/15ylTqp
Attending the Okinawan Festival in Waikiki
Each year I look forward to Fiesta de Santa Fe. Hope everyone enjoys The Official Burning of Zozobra tonight - stay safe as you say goodbye to Old Man Gloom!
Great to be back in New Mexico, where we're working on seeking solutions to our record drought. Today I was proud to participate in the "Transformational Solutions for Water in the West" conference at the The University of New Mexico - UNM as a moderator and speaker. We have to be creative and find new solutions to meet the challenges of water shortage in our state and all across our country, and today's conference was an opportunity to talk about how we can work together to meet this goal. Special thanks to the Atlantic Council and Sandia National Labs for putting on a great event.
This morning I spoke with NPR Morning Edition on my vote against the authorization for use of military force in Syria. Click here to listen and share the interview with others if you agree - a great country like ours should only go to war as a last resort.
