I met Sean Weller and Connie Hammond from Colorado Springs, who are in Washington for the U.S. Senate Youth Program. They’re learning more about the federal government and careers in public service and are working hard to pursue their dreams. I wish them the best of luck.
Ben- Federal workers and their families have made great sacrifices in the past years. It is disappointing to see a lack of bipartisan work to avoid placing an undue burden on them, and the important missions their agencies carry out.  Our federal workforce has already been through pay freezes and hiring freezes -all the while being asked to do more (with less). Right now Washington has got to come together in a bipartisan way to give agencies the flexibility to keep doing their missions and to keep the most qualified government workers in the world on the job. Going forward we need bipartisan solutions to our fiscal issues. While we move forward we cannot forget how important our federal workforce is on many different levels.
I'm chairing a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing this morning on measuring the progress our country has made in securing our border in recent years, as well as looking ahead to the challenges that remain. Important topic as we begin conversation on immigration reform. Tune in at the link below.
Calling on Congress to pass the ABLE Act. Parents of children with disabilities face daily struggles that we can't even begin to imagine. This legislation will help make it easier for those families to save for their children's care and for their future. The ABLE Act will provide families with the financial peace of mind they need, and Congress should pass it immediately. You can read more about this bipartisan legislation here - http://1.usa.gov/YbLGnV
National Parent Teacher Association presented Senator Coons today with the 2013 Congressional Voice of Children Award for outstanding leadership and advocacy on the education of our children. Senator Coons was humbled to receive this honor and will continue to work to find ways to improve the lives of children in Delaware and around the nation.
If you’re having difficulty with a VA claim or GI benefits, please call Sen. Donnelly’s office at 317-226-5555.
Read Joe’s letter on his commitment to the Veterans History Project.
According to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, there are nearly 500,000 veterans in Indiana, and they need our help and support. Share this post if you agree.
I will join CNN's The Situation Room at 5:50 p.m. ET to discuss assault weapons.
PHOTO: Met with Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg yesterday. We need more women leaders like her.
The Senate Judiciary Committee passed the Assault Weapons Ban today—a big step to get weapons of war off our streets.
PHOTO: At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence. We'll be voting on my assault weapons bill.
I had a frank and productive conversation with Sally Jewell today. We spoke about the many challenges that the Department of Interior faces in North Dakota, but also about the vast opportunities for collaboration that are in the best interests of the state and our citizens. Our broad discussion covered the need to accelerate permitting under the Bureau of Land Management on federal lands as well as energy development in North Dakota and the whole country. We have a real opportunity in this country to meet a large portion of our energy needs and  help address our debt and deficit issues by working with the oil and gas industry to ramp up production on land that they have already leased.  This should be done through an increased focus on addressing the backlog in permits and not burdening the industry with duplicative and costly federal regulations. I  made a point to drive home the message that the Secretary of Interior has a great responsibility to address the vast needs of Indian Country. I sincerely hope she will heed my advice to hold listening sessions with tribes if confirmed. I look forward to hearing more from Sally Jewell as she moves forward in the nomination process about how she would work with North Dakota on the many issues facing our state.
North Dakotans in town fighting for kids. As I told them, “what could be more important?” Parent Teacher Association
From today's discussion about small business legislation in the 113th Congress.
What are you doing this AM? Check out a live webcast discussion re small business legislation in the 113th Congress.
Afghanistan is ready to seize its destiny. I make the case here in my Huffington Post op-ed: http://huff.to/14XLSHd
Today I welcomed Polish Ambassador Ryszard Schnepf to the U.S. Capitol to discuss the endearing & enduring ties between the US & Poland.
This week I was humbled and honored to be recognized by my long-time friends and colleagues on the Baltimore City Council. The lessons I learned from serving on the City Council have guided me in representing Baltimore and all of Maryland in the US Senate and House. Every day when I come home to Baltimore, I'm recommitted to looking out for the day-to-day needs of Maryland and the long-range needs of the nation.
Big step forward for common sense gun reform today: Senate Judiciary Committee passes the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013.
Spending in the tax code, through deductions and credits, should be examined as thoroughly as any other spending program. To continue to serve the interests of the most powerful by putting their loopholes in the tax code and then saying those are off limits from review is a grave injustice.
Senator Manchin condemns the political hacks at the West Virginia Republican Party for lying about his vote.  http://manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=07bc587a-affb-47e2-9ff3-9175019070c5
Great article in the Times West Virginian today about Senator Manchin's recent visit to North Marion High School.
Great meeting with University of Rhode Island College of Pharmacy students and faculty to discuss efforts to keep Rhode Islanders healthy and lower health costs.
My Las Vegas office recently hosted the Federal Home Lending and Borrowing Forum, a gathering of local housing and real estate professionals. I thank CFPB Director Richard Cordray for attending and offering his expertise on consumer protection policy. Events like these will help us to secure long-term success for Nevada’s economy and housing market.
The Ryan Republican budget would cause 2 million job losses next year. We have to fight to make sure that doesn't happen. Watch this video to understand the impact of the Republican budget on jobs:
“The budget process is broken. We’ve dealt with one too many manufactured budget crises and now automatic cuts are threating jobs and economic growth because of Washington’s inability to budget properly. We can’t fix our debt and deficits until we fix our budget process, and biennial budgeting is a smart way to move forward.”   - JS  Isakson, Shaheen introduce Biennial Budgeting and Appropriations Act: http://1.usa.gov/YukEnL
NA
American engineer Shane Todd died mysteriously last year while working in Singapore.  It’s time to hold Singapore accountable to make sure the Todd family from Marion, MT gets the answers they deserve.  Read more below.
“I was at a bipartisan dinner last night where we were talking through how we can get some new ideas into this debate, because we can’t simple re-debate the same old terms. So hope springs eternal. The alternative is pretty grim.”  -Sen. Warner on WTOP Radio this morning (staff)
NA
