I want to thank DelDOT Secretary Shailen Bhatt for showing me around the I-495 bridge today so I could get a better look at the repairs. Sec. Bhatt and his team have done a superb job managing these repairs and, as a result, southbound lanes opened yesterday, a month ahead of schedule! Hope some of you are enjoying lighter traffic today.
Thrilled to help open the Delaware Joint Force Headquarters/ Armed Forces Reserve Center in New Castle today. This two-story building will help the Naval Reserve and Delaware National Guard with training, mobilization processing and administrative support.  It's quite an upgrade over the elementary school they have been using and I hope it's a space the Guardsmen and women can be proud of!
Visiting the Veterans Multi-Service Center in Philly to press the new U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary for strengthened whistleblower protections and management reforms.
Way to go, Delaware Department of Transportation (DelDOT)! Really impressive work. All of Delaware thanks you!
I visited Pritzker Military Library in Chicago today to discuss the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act that passed with bipartisan support yesterday. The bill will help give our vets the health care services they deserve.
Share this #GoodNews: Naval Surface Warfare Center-Crane and Ivy Tech Community College-Bloomington are teaming up to promote Crane technologies to small businesses in Bloomington and the surrounding communities.
Joe supported and helped pass bipartisan legislation last night that seeks to reduce wait times at VA health care facilities, improve access to health care for veterans, and increase accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Joe said, “This commonsense, bipartisan legislation should help ensure Hoosier veterans can receive timely access to the quality health care they deserve. Reforming the VA and changing the culture at VA facilities won’t happen overnight; however this bill will begin to address the problems revealed at too many VA health facilities.”
HAPPENING TUESDAY: On August 5th, Senior Day at the State Fair in Indianapolis, Joe will be hosting a Field Hearing of the Senate Aging Committee to address scams and frauds targeting seniors. This Field Hearing is free and open to the public. Hoosiers of all ages are encouraged to attend to learn steps they can take to protect their financial security. Learn more and RSVP at the link below.
Today, I will be talking about the current CIA revelations with msnbc’s Andrea Mitchell Reports at 12 ET / 10 MT.
Instead of addressing the root causes and fixing our broken immigration system, too many people in Washington would rather exploit this Central American refugee crisis for election year gain. I have never been more disappointed in this Congress' failure to act.
Minot International Airport will receive nearly $1.5 million in federal funds to complete construction of a taxiway. When I brought Federal Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerat to North Dakota in April, he saw many of our state’s pressing infrastructure needs, and these funds are a much-needed step forward for western North Dakota aviation. 
Today I visited the nation’s southwest border with a bipartisan group of Senators. As we continue to work on a plan to address the crisis at the border, it was critically important for me to see the situation firsthand. We could point fingers for days about why this crisis was able to happen, but I’m more concerned with finding a workable solution. We need to make sure these young children stop making this dangerous journey, but we also need to figure out how we can humanely deal with the children who are already here. http://1.usa.gov/1nbXIpz
Recent problems at the VA have shown that we need to do better by our veterans. Yesterday evening, the U.S. Senate passed bipartisan legislation, with my strong support, that takes real steps to improve the VA health care system and restore trust in the VA. I have long pushed for a Veterans Choice Card to give our rural veterans improved access to care that is closer to home. This bill does just that. It also helps the VA hire more health care providers, improves educational benefits, and increases accountability. This bill is a big step in the right direction to help all veterans access the care and support they deserve — nothing less. 
NA
The House Republicans are really just a theater troupe, not a governing caucus.
“This agreement is an example of what’s possible when Democrats and Republicans put politics aside and find common ground to do what’s right. Our military veterans have earned the highest quality of care, and this bipartisan legislation provides the tools necessary for the VA’s new leadership to correct clear failures in the system, and live up to the promises made to our nation’s heroes.” - Claire on the  Senate passage of legislation to strengthen care and services for the nation’s #military #veterans.
Great to talk with high school students from Portland & Eugene this week. Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs
I am deeply concerned that Alpha has announced up to 1,100 miners' jobs in West Virginia may be in jeopardy because of the federal government's overreaching regulations that create uncertainty for businesses and weak market conditions in the energy sector. I will continue to monitor this developing situation. In the meantime, my office stands ready to provide federal assistance if available to affected miners and their families during this troublesome time.
Yesterday I voted to pass the Highway and Transportation Funding Act, because without the stable funding provided by the Highway Trust Fund, more than 200 ongoing federally funded highway projects would have been jeopardized in West Virginia alone. I would have preferred to vote on a long-standing federally funded transportation and highway package or the Senate’s version of this bill, which would have reauthorized the funding until December and would have allowed the opportunity to craft a long-term deal. However, we simply could not afford to postpone funding these projects; not a single state could take that risk. We needed to vote on approving this funding immediately.   To read my full statement, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8ecde9a9-ffaa-42f9-9f07-12a2cc1e6362 
I am encouraged that both the Senate and the House worked together in a bipartisan way to enact legislation that will help reduce wait times for our veterans at VA medical care facilities across the country. We owe it to our veterans to make sure our VA facilities can provide the services they need, as well as the staff and resources necessary, to operate these medical centers efficiently and effectively.  To read more on the Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act, please visit my website:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ef992505-d45c-40c6-8290-4bb93e62bef2
Had a delicious visit to Daniele, Inc. in Burrillville to discuss Rhode Island’s food economy and get a tour of their new, state-of-the-art $60 million charcuterie factory.  The facility, which is nearing completion, will be the largest and most modern plant of its kind in the world.  Daniele Inc. is a third-generation, family-owned business that has been operating in RI since 1976, creating world-class products and more than 350 jobs.   I commend the Dukcevich family, not only for successfully building their business, but for their commitment to our community.  We want to do everything we can to keep businesses like Daniele, Inc. in Rhode Island and help them grow.  I am working on a number of fronts to ensure companies like this can succeed, including trying to boost exports and make Rhode Island a regionally integrated, sustainable food hub.
Congress must act to ensure a fair shot for all Americans by creating jobs and strengthening the middle class. But rather than work with Democrats to focus on job creation, House Republicans have voted to sue the President. Senate Republicans have blocked votes to raise the minimum wage, ensure equal pay for women, and make college more affordable for middle class families.
This week, the Senate has taken strong action to get the Veterans Affairs Administration back on track.   The Senate confirmed Secretary McDonald earlier this week. And last night, Congress gave him the necessary tools to get the job done. Veterans will soon be able to see a doctor more quickly, and Secretary McDonald will be able to hold senior officials responsible for poor job performance.  More still needs to be done to keep our veterans from falling through the cracks. I will continue to work to ensure that veterans in Nevada, and throughout the country, receive the care they deserve.
The CIA is comprised of good men and women of integrity who sacrifice a great deal to protect our nation. The actions of a few risk tarnishing the work of many. The CIA’s leadership must take action to address these misdeeds, restore its trust with Congress and ensure that this episode will never, ever be repeated. 
Toured @zocdoc's NY headquarters today; loved meeting cofounders & staff!
“We owe our veterans a tremendous debt of gratitude and they deserve nothing less than convenient, quality, accessible health care. The historic legislation we passed last night will help make that a reality. I’ve worked in a bipartisan fashion for years to expand access to care for New Hampshire veterans and I’m proud to have helped pass legislation that will allow our vets to receive quality care in their local communities.”  -JS  Read more about the bipartisan VA reform bill and Senator Shaheen’s visit to the Merrimack VFW here: http://1.usa.gov/1xM1jAJ
“I’m so glad to know that Meriam and her family have finally arrived safely in Manchester. No one should ever have to undergo the hardships they’ve experienced in recent months because of Meriam exercising her basic right of religious freedom. Her imprisonment and death sentence represented an abhorrent violation of fundamental human rights, but her strength in the face of such adversity was truly inspirational.”  -JS  To read more about Senators Shaheen and Ayotte welcoming Meriam Ibrahim and her family to Manchester, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1xHAQ7j
Spying on law-abiding Americans is unacceptable.  Folks are sick and tired of intelligence agencies running amok, and this recent news only makes things worse.  These actions cannot stand, and I will keep working with my colleagues to make sure that the Intelligence Community starts respecting civil liberties.
Honored to be named the National Retail Federation's Legislator of the Year. The retail industry plays an incredibly important role in job creation and economic development in Virginia, and what’s good for Main Street is good for the Commonwealth. 
Proud that the bipartisan bill to fix the VA includes my initiative to enlist pro bono assistance from private sector technology experts to help fix the VA’s broken scheduling system.  This is truly a win-win: the VA can more quickly and efficiently provide our veterans with the care and services they have earned, and it won't cost the taxpayers a dime.  Learn more: http://1.usa.gov/1ljtHoj
Happy to be in Holyoke this afternoon with Girls Inc. for "Eureka! Teach Back Friday." Amazing girls from Holyoke, Springfield and Chicopee have been participating in a summer program to learn about science at the University of Massachusetts College of Natural Sciences. STEM education is an important part of building a future for our all our kids, and I'm glad I could watch their fantastic presentations today.
Earlier this week, a tornado hit Revere, MA. Thankfully nobody was killed or seriously injured, but the city is still recovering from the storm. This morning I joined Senator Ed Markey, Revere Mayor Dan Rizzo, former DA Gerry Leone, Sen Petrucelli, Rep Vincent, Sheriff Steve Tompkins, and residents to announce the Revere Tornado Relief Fund.
