In a recent interview, I congratulated the Denver Broncos on their 12-2 record. They are 10-2. Forgive my optimism, I just wish I'd caught this ESPN interview earlier.
In honor of today- the International Day of Persons With Disabilities, in honor of the ~1billion disabled persons world wide and in honor of each and every disabled American- I call on my colleagues to ratify the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities #IDPD2013 #CRPD #WithoutLimits
Proud to have been joined by 64 other United States Senators in a letter to Barack Obama urging him to do all in his power to have #AlanGross returned to the United States from the #Cuban Government. Today marks the fourth year Mr. Gross has been imprisoned in #Cuba. 
 
 "We are united in the belief that Mr. Gross' #freedom is a #humanitarian priority "
The recent hearing I chaired on the benefits and risks of virtual currency raised a lot of questions but also helped generate answers in understanding this emerging technology. I look forward to learning more in the coming months.
Today marks the 150th anniversary of the completion of the U.S. Capitol Dome. I was fortunate enough to take a tour to the top recently. Nice view, huh?
#GoodNews: The National Association of Conservation Districts has chosen Indiana as the home of its 2014 summer board meeting and Soil Health Conservation Tour. The meeting moves to Indianapolis after taking place in Washington, D.C. for the last 10 years.
I was on CNN's State of the Union with Candy Crowley on Sunday to talk about the global threat of terrorism.
Today I spoke at the 60th annual North Dakota Association of Telephone Cooperatives (NDATC) meeting in Bismarck.  Locally-owned communications providers, like NDATC members, provide jobs and services that connect our rural communities and make sure all North Dakotans have the same communication services and rates as those living in urban areas. We can see the real impacts of such high-speed, wireless internet access every day -- from our students participating in on-line distance learning programs, to our veterans using VA tele-medicine services, to our first-responders answering emergency calls – and they all depend on getting it right.
Great visit to BAE Ship Repair in Norfolk today. Listened to BAE employees' concerns & promised to share their stories in DC as we work toward a budget deal that will restore certainty to the ship repair industry and replace harmful sequester cuts.
Today Fast for Families is holding a National Day to Act, Fast, and Pray. 
 
 This peaceful and meaningful movement inspires me to continue pushing for immigration reform every single day.
Attention all West Virginia veterans, service members and military spouses: Tomorrow is the Hiring Our Heroes job fair in Vienna from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Grand Pointe Conference Center. This is an outstanding opportunity for all of our military heroes and families to find meaningful employment, and I encourage all those who are eligible to attend.
 
 For more information on this event, please click here: http://bit.ly/1bGrAdG
Today is GivingTuesday, a day that marks to beginning of the holiday giving season. I have always believed that that if you can count your blessings, you can share your blessings.  I encourage you all to take part in the Giving Tuesday movement and give back to your communities.   For more information on how your family, school, business or organization can participate, please click here. http://community.givingtuesday.org/Page/IdeasandResources
Kaufman Astoria Studios outdoor backlot is ready and waiting for film and television crews to yell 'action' and choose Kaufman Astoria Studios and New York City as a location for filming.
Western New York's economy depends on a safe and efficient border crossing. Was in Buffalo yesterday calling on Customs and Border Protection to bring more agents back to the Buffalo border.
Toured the #derailment right near Spuyten Duyvil w/ @senblumenthal @repseanmaloney
Touring the employee-owned Pacific Steel and Recycling yesterday in Billings.  Good to see an employee-owned company growing and creating jobs.  Read more here: http://bit.ly/1g34Qq8
