Tonight's 60 Minutes report on failing bridges and roads underscores the need for a National Infrastructure Bank, which we proposed earlier this year with Senator Roy Blunt and Congressman John K. Delaney. Read more about our bipartisan "Partnership to Build America Act" here:
"If we’re going to have less demands in our military and a safer world, we need countries that have sustainable economies and can deal with legitimate concerns of the populace" - Ben on the Millennium Challenge Corporation - MCC Read more:
Thanks NRDC (Natural Resources Defense Council) for all you do.
At Sparrows Point, Maryland celebrating the several generations of workers at the mills and shipyard that built America, just as they built strong #Maryland families.  As we look to the accomplishments of the past at Sparrows Point with reverence, we look to the future of the site with excitement. We have the chance to do incredible things here, both in creating new jobs and clean energy technologies. And I stand ready to help make them happen.
Congratulations to Wayne Townsend on receiving both the Sagamore of the Wabash and Purdue University’s Order of the Griffin this weekend.   Visit http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/legislativeprograms to learn about Joe’s Legislative Program named in Wayne’s honor.
Congratulations to Mishawaka native and Wabash College student Jacob Burnett and Notre Dame grad Alexander Coccia on being named Rhodes Scholars.
Building a carbon fiber, solar-powered car and racing it across the country was one of my most memorable experiences as an engineering student. I’m glad to see young students showing an interest in science and technology. #STEM
After consistent pressure and the two unfortunate train derailments near Casselton within the past year, BNSF railroad has made new commitments to improve safety. Replacing the rails near Casselton, increasing the number of tests and amount of equipment and boosting maintenance are important steps. We must do everything possible to prevent train derailments and make sure communities, like Casselton, are safe all across North Dakota. http://1.usa.gov/1vGSb4n
Nearly $345,000 in federal funds will help promote programs that are designed to reduce crashes as a result of driving under the influence, as well as injuries and deaths resulting from individuals who are riding improperly restrained in motor vehicles. Having more folks on the road is an indication of our energy and jobs boom, but it also means that our growing communities face more transportation challenges and risks. It’s our job as legislators to make sure communities have the roads and the infrastructure to continue to thrive – that’s why I’ve been pushing for a greater focus on transportation services – and it’s why I’ll keep working on measures to keep our state moving safely and efficiently.
Today at the North Dakota Association of Soil Conservation Districts Convention in Bismarck, I discussed how healthy and rich soil is the lynchpin in the success of North Dakota’s agriculture industry. Our soil – certainly among the best in the nation – allows our farmers to grow their crops effectively, make a living, feed the world, and bolster our state’s economy. It’s essential that we pursue policies and programs that support voluntary conversion efforts, like the ones I supported in the 2014 Farm Bill, to help maintain and promote healthy soil for future generations. http://1.usa.gov/1y5MzyS
Secretary Hagel has led the Department of Defense through an extremely challenging time in our nation’s history, including a severely constrained fiscal environment. He has been a strong advocate for military servicemembers and their families, ensuring the U.S. Armed Forces have the resources they need to respond to contingencies at home and around the globe. He also played a significant role this year in building a robust international coalition to combat ISIL and has helped lay the groundwork for a smooth transition in Afghanistan. I also thank Secretary Hagel for standing up for our nation’s veterans at every opportunity.
I'm so proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with Sparrows Point steelworkers to honor the lasting legacy of Bethlehem Steel. For 100 years, the men and women of Sparrows Point produced the steel that built America. From forging the groundwork for America’s infrastructure in our roads, rail and bridges, to building the ships that took America to war, no mill has played a larger role in the history of our state and our nation.   As we honor the legacy of Bethlehem Steel, we look ahead to a new day for this community. With a Sparrows Point that is re-forged and renewed, we will support new jobs and new opportunities as an economic engine for Baltimore and for Maryland. I will never stop fighting for the men, women and families who through hard work and steadfast perseverance, helped build and protect America.
The next two weeks mark a treasured tradition in our state – buck firearms season. From now until December 6, thousands of hunters will gear up and trek into the West Virginia backwoods – all with the same anticipation of getting themselves the big buck. There is no doubt that West Virginia is one of the best places in America for deer hunting, and I hope this year that all of our proud hunters will teach someone new this great recreational adventure that is so important to our state and our people. I wish you all a safe and successful buck season.   Hunters who wish to donate deer meat or dollars to the Hunters Helping the Hungry program should call 304-558-2771 or visit the DNR website at www.wvdnr.gov to find a participating meat processor.
Iconic Taughannock Falls in Ulysses is the tallest single drop waterfall east of the Rockies. #NYtownoftheday
Today at stops in the North Country, Senator Shaheen discussed jobs supported by tourism and clean energy.   Senator Shaheen toured the interactive science exhibit at the Mount Washington Observatory Weather Discovery Center in North Conway where she discussed New Hampshire’s tourism industry, and later met with employees at Burgess BioPower in Berlin. At both locations, Shaheen discussed how to create and support North Country jobs.
ICYMI: In Concord Monitor, Senator Shaheen discusses her vote on Keystone XL.
“All of Hawai‘i is deeply proud that Patsy Mink has been awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. As a daughter of the islands, she fought every day of her life to make real the possibilities of equal opportunity for all and the rights of minorities and women. Her remarkable achievements were hard earned – born of her unwavering resolve and the values she learned living in Hawai‘i. We know that Patsy would share this award with all of us and especially with the countless women who steadfastly carried on with the legacy and the spirit of Patsy Mink." - BES   Today President Obama posthumously awarded Congresswoman Patsy Mink with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor.
It was great to tour the Levitated Toy Factory in Albuquerque, and meet with its co-owner, Jared Tarbell, this morning. Jared, who also co-founded Etsy, started Levitated in 2000 as a website that developed and distributed design software, and he opened the toy factory in downtown Albuquerque in September. Jared and I discussed the essential role of an open and fair Internet in helping New Mexico small businesses like Levitated and e-commerce platforms like Etsy to thrive. Net neutrality is critical to empowering small businesses and enabling them to compete on the same level as larger businesses. As the FCC prepares new net neutrality rules, I'll continue to urge them to ensure the Internet remains a platform for free expression, innovation, and entrepreneurship. And if you haven't checked out Levitated, Jared and his team are doing fascinating things with digital fabrication software, producing wooden and paper toys through laser cutting and microelectronics.
U.S. Senator Tom Udall issued the following statement after President Obama announced that Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel will step down:    “Over the last year, we have seen the emergence of a brutal terrorist organization as well as other security threats that have required a targeted, strategic response, with little room for mistakes. As the commander in chief, President Obama needs to have a strong defense secretary who will handle these challenges with authority and clear leadership. I thank Secretary Hagel for his many years of service to our country and to the administration. I particularly appreciate Secretary Hagel’s strong understanding of the strategic importance of our national laboratories, and I hope his successor will share that focus. I look forward to more information from the president about his next steps as well as the upcoming confirmation process.”
This holiday season, let’s remember those in need. I was honored to join the RI Community Food Bank earlier today where each month, 63,000 people are served. To learn more about hunger in RI, you can read this front-page article in today’s Projo: bit.ly/1v4wybm
