Thank you Chancellor Dr. Brice W. Harris for urging all California community colleges to create on-campus sexual assault victim’s advocates.
If you’re a veteran and you need a flu shot or another vaccine, this program run by the VA and Walgreens might help.  You can get more information about the VA’s immunization program by visiting http://www.ehealth.va.gov/Immunization.asp.
What a powerful image from the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) - U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for Domestic Violence Awareness Month.   One-third of women veterans experience intimate partner violence in their lifetime compared to less than a quarter of civilian women. I’ve worked for years to overhaul the military justice system and fight domestic violence and sexual assault in the military, and I’ll continue that fight for the years to come. http://j.mp/1BBAzok
"Intolerance is itself a form of violence and an obstacle to the growth of a true democratic spirit."- Mahatma Gandhi
Proud to join Congressman John Sarbanes, U.S. EPA Mid-Atlantic Region and Living Classrooms Foundation to announce a $75,000 #environmental education grant for the Living Classrooms Foundation to help the Masonville Cove Environmental Education Campus provide community outreach and watershed educational experiences to about 600 elementary students from Baltimore City Public Schools.  This grant from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will do two great things for #Baltimore: It will reduce the amount of urban #stormwater runoff that flows into the #Chesapeake Bay, and it will introduce hundreds of elementary students to the natural environment. That’s a win-win investment, and I am proud of the Living Classrooms Foundation and the Masonville Cove campus for having the vision to help our community in this way
Mr. Garcia has called for this report to be made public as have numerous FIFA representatives. Full transparency is required given the investigative reporting and widespread allegations of improper payments.
Happy to see that the University of Chicago is implementing initiatives aimed at expanding access to higher education for low-income students. Everyone deserves a chance at a fair shot at an affordable, top quality college education. It is what the American Dream has been built on. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/01/education/university-of-chicago-acts-to-improve-access-for-lower-income-students-.html
On Wednesday, October 1st, Joe visited Indiana Sign and Barricade in Indianapolis and Aeon Imaging in Bloomington for his latest #DonnellyDay events. Donnelly Days are an ongoing series of events where Joe works alongside Hoosiers in a variety of jobs and professions in communities across Indiana. In Indy, Joe learned how to stripe a road with Indiana Sign and Barricade workers and in Bloomington he helped assemble a prototype diabetes retinal camera system with Aeon Imaging staff.
Since the passage of the Violence Against Women Act, domestic violence has dropped by almost two-thirds, but there are still victims living in fear. During Domestic Violence Awareness Month, let us come together to speak out against domestic violence and help those in need. If you or a loved one needs assistance, call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE.  #DVAM
I'll be live on air with KTAOS and the Community Against Violence this morning at 9:30am MT. Listen to 101.9 FM or stream live here:    #DVAM #ENDV 
Our service members from Fort Bliss will play a critically important role in the United States' effort to stop Ebola at its source in West Africa. These brave men and women and their families will continue to be in my thoughts, and I join all New Mexicans in expressing my sincere gratitude for their service.  With the Ebola epidemic intensifying across West Africa and the diagnosis of the first case in the United States, we cannot relent. As we monitor this situation, it's important to remember that safety measures are in place that will provide the best care possible to the diagnosed individual in Texas.   We can control the spread of Ebola, but we must continue to ensure our service members, the Center for Disease Control, and other public health agencies working on the front lines here and abroad have the resources needed to prevent further growth of this outbreak and keep Americans safe. This effort is and must be a global effort.  Through vigilance and collaboration with our global partners, I am confident we can meet this challenge and contain this disease.
Today SaskPower officially opened Boundary Dam Power Station in Canada, the world’s first commercial-scale carbon capture and storage process on a coal-fired power plant. From my more than a decade working at Dakota Gasification in North Dakota, and from visiting the construction of the SaskPower facility just over a year ago, I understand just how important it is that we look to the future in how we harness our energy. Coal is a key resource in both Canada and the U.S., and through the development of clean coal technology, we can create North American independence and energy security, while also reducing emissions. We need to develop more clean coal plants to make that possible, and in the U.S., we can learn from the steps Canada has taken to find a realistic path forward for coal.
Sign up for email updates to stay informed about the work I'm doing on behalf of the Commonwealth: http://1.usa.gov/1sP1CxG
Fired up for the Orioles!! Got my orange on for O’s Orange Day! We’re going to trounce those Tigers! #WeWontStop
I had a great time touring the Frederick County Senior Expo discussing my fight to give seniors a fair shot with a government on their side.  Honor thy mother & father is not only a good commandment to live by, it's good public policy to govern by. That's why I'm committed to meeting the day-to-day needs of our growing & changing senior population so that they have the services and support they need.
Maryland broadband is bridging the digital divide and expanding access to jobs and opportunity. Last week I joined with Howard County Executive Ken Ulman and local school leaders and public officials to announce a groundbreaking initiative in five Howard County schools that will use telemedicine technology to boost health and student performance.  Providing school-based health services keeps kids in school, improves grades, enhances the overall health of students and saves money for families who don’t have to miss work. With telemedicine made possible through broadband, Howard County schools will keep kids healthy, safe and learning while on the path to successful futures. 
Congressman Steven Horsford and I are helping North Las Vegas get some more cops on the beat. http://www.mynews3.com/content/video/default.aspx?videoId=5366724&navCatId=30912 
The Senate isn't in session but my staff is hard at work, even our youngest members of the Schumer family!
What we have in Canandaigua is a unique opportunity to bring together the historic Ontario County tourism magnet of Sonnenberg gardens, which needs more space, with a neighboring and underused federal site that is soon to be vacant; it is the perfect match and I am urging the federal DOD to work with Sonnenberg gardens to transfer the property so they can build a brand new welcome center, expand parking, increase their display space and more.
NA
Stopping by the Montana Standard this morning, I noticed a photo of Our Lady of the Rockies being placed atop the Continental Divide almost 30 years ago.  Overlooking Butte, she’s still a Montana treasure and remains the 2nd tallest statue in the U.S. after the Statue of Liberty. #tbt
In 2013, the NoVa community collected nearly 18,000 blankets to  help Syrian refugee families during the winter months. The Northern Virginia Regional Commission will be undertaking a blanket drive again this year from November 1-22. For more information and drop off locations: http://bit.ly/1BzXCji 
