In the aftermath of last year’s flooding we went to this neighborhood in Longmont to meet with families and offer a hand.  We’re really looking forward to returning there this weekend to see the progress.
I’m receiving hundreds of calls about #InternetSlowDown. I hear you: I support #netneutrality & will continue the fight to achieve it. -RB
It shouldn’t take a video like we saw of Ray Rice for us to understand that violence against women is brutal, and wrong. Our institutions—like the NFL and others—need to step up and show everyone that they are serious about domestic abuse.   This week marks the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act, a critical piece of legislation that provides support to victims of domestic violence to help them leave their abusive situations. 20 years after its signing into law, #VAWA is more important than ever. Today, along with Americans for Responsible Solutions, Newtown Action Alliance, the National Domestic Violence Hotline, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America and others, I sat on a panel to explore what more Congress can do to provide critical protections specifically at the increasingly lethal intersection of domestic violence and guns.   #VAWA definitively reduced the rate of violence between intimate partners, but there is still much more we can and need to do.   Share this.
I am a strong supporter of #NetNeutrality and oppose the creation of "Internet Fast Lanes". These fast lane agreements have the potential to stifle Internet users' freedom of speech and limit the creation of Internet based innovations. Network neutrality is critical for both the free flow of information and to promote innovation and economic productivity.  #InternetSlowDown
NA
Women earn less than men regardless of any other factor. I support #EqualPay for equal work & that's why I voted for the Paycheck Fairness Act that builds on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act by closing loopholes that enable pay discrimination against women.  Share this graphic if you agree that women should earn equal pay for equal work!
The brave passengers on Flight 93 deserve to be recognized for their heroism and sacrifice. These medals will serve to help us remember the sacrifice of those we lost, honor their valor and commemorate their lives.
Today I was privileged to honor the fallen heroes of 9/11 at a Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony.
Congratulations to Allentown on today’s ribbon cutting of a great new venue in the Lehigh Valley.
People should be judged on their performance, not by their gender. I support the Paycheck Fairness Act because of this principle. In Illinois, women are paid, on average, $11,596 less than their male counterparts. The Senate should pass the Paycheck Fairness to correct this issue and make equal pay for equal work a reality.
Attended a very moving Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in honor of the Fallen Heroes of 9/11 today. The Gold Medal is the highest civilian honor Congress can bestow. I'm seated here in Emancipation Hall with Senate colleagues.
Today is World Suicide Prevention Day. Help us spread the word on the resources available to servicemembers and veterans struggling with mental health challenges by visiting Senator Donnelly’s website and sharing this with your friends, neighbors and family.
Governors Brown and Schwarzenegger have it right. California sets the example for the globe on how to tackle climate change.
It’s World Suicide Prevention Day. No matter what it is, it's always ok to #AskForHelp.
Supreme Court decisions like Citizens United have eroded the integrity of our political process and the public's faith in our leaders to do what's right for the American people. We’ve already seen the influence unlimited campaign contributions has on derailing important issues that matter to working families in New Mexico – such as raising the federal minimum wage, ensuring equal pay for equal work, reducing student loan interest rates, and fixing our broken immigration system. I stand with Senator Tom Udall and commend him for championing legislation to reform our campaign finance laws and to amend the Constitution to make clear that Congress can set sensible limits on campaign contributions.
Glad to see Las Cruces taking the initiative on raising the minimum wage. It’s time to #raisethewage.
ICYMI - Today at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing on rail challenges, I reinforced that agriculture shipment delays on the rails in North Dakota  are having real economic consequences for our farmers and grain elevators. North Dakota farmers deserve better than the delays, unclear numbers and uncertainty they are currently getting from railroad companies. That’s why I’ll continue to put pressure on railroad companies to reduce their delays and institute policies to prevent them from happening again, as well as press the U.S. Surface Transportation Board to hold the railroads accountable. http://1.usa.gov/1xKA66B
The airports in Grand Forks, Jamestown and on Fort Berthold Indian Reservation will receive a total of more than $4 million in federal funds to make needed improvements and updates as they work to keep up with demand. Our airports provide lifelines to our communities – promoting economic development, tourism, job growth, and so much more – and by helping them expand, we’re also improving safety for passengers and airport personnel. In April, I brought the head of the Federal Aviation Administration to North Dakota to see the aviation challenges facing the state, and since then, there have been strong federal investments to support North Dakota’s airports.  
Today I’m participating in a Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation hearing at 1:30pm CT to discuss my work to improve the agriculture shipment delays caused by rail car backlog. Since last February, I’ve been pushing on all sides – railway industry, North Dakota grain elevators and farmers, and government agencies to make sure the problems are addressed and steps are made to prevent future problems.  Watch the hearing live from the Senate Committee’s homepage below. 
Today, I introduced the Middle School Technical Education Program (Middle STEP) Act that would expose middle school students to Career and Technical Education programs focused on career exploration. The Middle STEP Act would establish a pilot program for middle schools to partner with postsecondary institutions and local businesses to develop and implement CTE programs that give students access to apprenticeships or project-based learning opportunities traditionally not available to students until high school or postsecondary programs.  You can learn more about the Middle STEP Act here: 
"I'm hoping what happened in Ferguson and what we learn at this hearing will inform a better public policy that will protect our constitutional freedoms, and also provide adequate safety for the brave men and women who put on a uniform everyday to protect the people of this great nation." - Claire   Watch highlights of yesterday's hearing below. 
Earlier on MSNBC's Morning Joe, I discussed what I want to hear tonight in President Obama's strategy to defeat the Islamic State.
I strongly support destroying ISIS through airstrikes, drones and covert action. But some want to rush into another ground war in the Middle East. How did that work out for us last time?  I say to Democrats and Republicans, let’s destroy these despicable terrorists, but let’s do it the right way this time. The President knows how to destroy terrorists. Osama bin Laden is proof of that.  Anyone who listens to Dick Cheney is asking for another disaster.
Women earn 77 cents for every dollar paid to men. Imagine how many more weeks of groceries could be purchased if we closed the wage gap. Support #EqualPay
“Our resolution mourns James and Steven, two outstanding journalists who pursued their profession under the most difficult and dangerous conditions in order to tell the stories that needed to be told,” Senator Shaheen said of the bipartisan resolution the Senate unanimously approved. “We will never forget their bravery, and we must hold ISIS accountable for their despicable and cowardly acts of terrorism. The terrorists who murdered James and Steven are deeply mistaken if they think their barbaric acts will lessen America’s resolve.”  The bipartisan resolution sponsored is by Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Bill Nelson (D-FL), Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and honors the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff. The resolution strongly condemns ISIS and recognizes the significant contributions Foley and Sotloff made “through their courageous reporting of events in Libya, Syria and elsewhere,” and calls for the immediate and unconditional release of all hostages held by ISIS.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1slfZaN 
This week, the Senate is engaging in debate over my constitutional amendment to take our democracy back from special interests, corporations, and billionaires and give it back to the American people.  Our elections have been hijacked by narrow Supreme Court decisions that say money is speech and corporations are people.  This week's debate is about rescuing the first amendment and ensuring our democracy is just as responsive to the middle class as it is to the moneyed class.
Over the past year, I’ve heard from Virginians all over the Commonwealth who are struggling with student loans. Today, I spoke on the Senate floor to share their stories and urge my colleagues to consider a series of bipartisan proposals to ease the cost of high education, and provide more flexibility for graduates to repay their loans.
Heading to the Capitol to honor American heroes from #Sept11. Tomorrow marks thirteen years since we came together as a nation to grieve for those lost at the Pentagon in Virginia, Twin Towers, and in Shanksville, Pa. We must never forget their courage and resolve to remain vigilant.    Watch live as we dedicate a Congressional Gold Medal to our fallen heroes: http://youtu.be/cHY3tpICRjs
NA
Wall Street banks have been forced to pay billions of dollars in settlements for breaking the law and bringing down our economy, but not a single person has gone to jail. Yesterday at a Banking Committee hearing I asked the federal regulators: How many senior Wall Street executives have you recommended for prosecution by the Department of Justice?
