#ThrowbackThursday
Today, millions of Americans are better off with the Affordable Care Act. Under the law, individuals have received better protections and access to health care, and new options for affordable coverage that did not previously exist.
Today, Sen. Chris Coons and I co-hosted our 16th delegation job fair. The atmosphere is much more hopeful at the 16th than it was at the 1st.
Thanks to my wingman, U.S. Senator Chris Coons, for surprising me with this delicious birthday cake as we had lunch today at Dover's brand new Green Turtle.
Reminder: Senator Coons and I will be co-hosting a job fair today at Delaware Technical Community College in Dover. Please come and share with your networks!
Hunger and food insecurity is an unfortunate and preventable reality for many Pennsylvanians. In this time of economic recovery, there is an urgent need for food assistance. As Co-Chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus, and Member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I'm working on a bipartisan basis to develop policies to ensure that all Americans have access to safe, affordable, and nutritious foods.
Happy birthday, Senator Tom Carper!
Current list of employers: American Registry of Pathology, Advanced Student, Bayada Home Health Care, Blood Bank of Delmarva, Citizens Bank, City of Dover Police, Delaware Air National Guard, Delaware Army National Guard, Delaware Department of Transportation, Delaware State Police, Delaware Tech Office of the President, Delaware Transit Corps, Delaware Transitions to Teaching Partnership, Dover Downs Hotel and Casino, Dr. Energy Saver, Energizer Personal Products, Express Employment Professionals, Greater Wilmington Radio Association, Griswold Homecare, Handyman Matters, Interim Healthcare, IT Works, James Sevens & Daniels, Laborers Apprentice Program, Lowes (Dover), Lowes (Middletown), Mountaire Farms of Delaware, NCC Paramedics, NCC Police Department, New York Life Insurance, Peoples Place, Perdue, RRW Inc. Home Instead Senior Care, Seawatch International, Senior Life Insurance, State of Delaware, Synerfac Technical Staffing, Threshold Marketing, University of Delaware Recruiting, US Secret Service, USDA NRCS, Wilmington Police Department, Wilmington University, Work America
Senator Donnelly, a member of the Senate Ag Committee, yesterday sent a bipartisan letter to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy expressing his concerns regarding the EPA’s proposal for the 2014 Renewable Fuel Standard. The proposed changes to the RFS would decrease the volume of renewable-fuel production required, potentially undermining domestic energy production and threatening Indiana’s economy.  Donnelly said, “I remain frustrated and disappointed that the EPA has proposed lowering the volume of renewable-fuels required in our fuel supply. Supporting domestic energy production like the ethanol and biodiesel coming from Hoosier farms is critical to lessening our dependence on foreign oil and boosting Indiana’s economy.”
Honored to meet with folks at the Veterans Transition Center in Deming today. The services and assistance the Center provides to our veterans and broader community every day are so important.
Grabbing Lucha Tacos de Asada at Luchador Food Truck. What's your favorite item on the menu?
Talking algae-to-oil testing while touring Sapphire Energy's Research and Development Facility in Las Cruces.
Enjoyed touring Ben Archer Health Center today and learning about the many ways they serve the community in southern New Mexico.
It wouldn't be a road trip without some local NM carne seca!
Today in Minot, I met with folks who are rightly concerned that wrongheaded flood insurance policies are having devastating impacts on North Dakota families. Not only are these hikes hurting the bottom lines for many North Dakotans, they may force many to go without flood insurance. I'm working with a bipartisan group of Senators to reverse these hikes, and am committed to coming up with a long-term, affordable solution that will enable North Dakotans to protect their homes from flooding. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=c9144f44-6bc0-4ab6-8ff5-f0c1c9914291
Today I toured Iberdrola Wind farm near Rugby to see and learn more about the great work they are doing, and meet with the top notch employees there. 15% of North Dakota’s energy comes from wind, which is a key piece of North Dakota's all-of-the-above energy strategy. In addition to creating renewable energy for the state, Iberdrola also adds $3.8 million in tax revenue to Pierce County, and is responsible for creating good jobs in North Dakota. With recent hiring and future planned expansions due to demand for wind turbines and blades, LM Wind, which supplies facilities like Iberdrola, could employ well over 700 workers at its blade manufacturing facility in Grand Forks by the end of 2014. This would more than double the amount of employees at the factory since the end of 2012.
NTSB's findings following the Lac Megantic derailment last year in Quebec, Canada offer needed safety recommendations, which also help us as we work to look at safety concerns brought to light by the derailment in Casselton, determine what happened in that accident, and aim to prevent any future derailments. These recommendations are consistent with the ongoing dialogue I'm having with the Administration, industry, and local leaders. We need to do everything possible to make sure North Dakota communities are safe. Today's report is another important step in that effort. 
This morning I started my day by spending time doing North Dakota trivia with students at Ely Elementary in Rugby, and answering their questions. I was proud that they all know who North Dakota's Senators are. They are a great group of kids and I see a bright future for them all.
Check out this Daily Beast article about my time in public office and my priorities as I fight for North Dakotans in the Senate. 
I have received many stories about the mail delivery concerns in North Dakota – about everything from mishaps with mail forwarding to not receiving prescription medications on time. I'm committed to making sure North Dakotans' voices are heard. Keep sending me your stories on my website or by using #FixMyMail on Facebook and Twitter, and I'll pass your stories on to USPS and the GAO. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=fixmymail
I was honored to give the keynote speech at the Danville Economic Development Summit and share ideas on recruiting companies to Southern Virginia and growing our talented workforce.
Had a great time in Charlottesville visiting UVa Batten School students and answering their questions on my work to reform war powers.
NA
A new report by New Jersey Policy Perspectives reaffirms what I’ve known for a long time: There are substantial benefits of immigration reform for the Garden State. 
 
 Check out some of the findings in the graphic below & read more about the report here: http://1.usa.gov/1eVO4EU
Shoutout to Ralph Lauren for making good on a promise to make Team USA's opening ceremony uniforms in the USA. 
So cold today, it felt like I was out tapping the maple trees myself for my Pancakes&Politics breakfast in Glastonbury
Rode the bus in Waterbury today to hear what's on people's minds. Number one topic: need for more jobs
After speaking to people directly affected by the spill, it is clear West Virginians are still very concerned about the quality of their water and the potential long-term effects of the water contamination. The first step to restoring confidence in our water system and ensuring West Virginians that their water is safe is to tear down Freedom Industry’s facility and completely remediate the site. We need to start from scratch. In addition, I will continue to work at the federal level to pass legislation that will fix the problems that allowed this disaster to happen in the first place.  http://1.usa.gov/1hPuZar
The best part of my job is going out and hearing from the people of West Virginia on the issues that are affecting them and their families the most. Had a wonderful day meeting with residents in Wayne and Kenova. I appreciate so many folks coming out and giving me their ideas and concerns. Looking forward to spending tomorrow with Charleston residents.
Let's all join the effort and help our local businesses recover from the economical impact of the chemical spill.  #TurnUpTheTips
Great discussion this morning with the doctors and staff at the  Cabell Huntington Surgery Center.
I am working to make Nevada energy independent. 
 http://www.nationaljournal.com/daily/how-harry-reid-delivered-a-235-mile-long-power-line-to-nevada-20140122
Congrats to Montana's three Olympians.
Warning: cute kids ahead! Great to be back at Smart Beginnings Danville. Awarded a grant as Governor to help launch program: http://instagram.com/p/jhfYGsLfb4/
Pleased to announce $1M firefighting grant for Martinsville/Henry County first responders. Thankful for their service!
