Attacking and abducting young women simply for going to school is despicable and must never be tolerated.   The international community must make clear that all children deserve the chance to pursue an education without fear and that those responsible for these heinous crimes will be held accountable.
Love this post from Reddit r/Connecticut:  “All politics aside, as an outdoorsman I can certainly think of worse places to live than Connecticut. We've got beautiful sandy beaches, picturesque rolling hills, dense, lush, and surprisingly diverse forests, rivers, lakes, and of course, an elaborate system of well maintained hiking trails (Including my personal favorites; The Appalachian & Metacomet Trails).”  We agree. http://j.mp/R7U7AO Photos: http://imgur.com/a/Q58jA
May is pediatric stroke awareness month—we just had to share this note from a Connecticut mother who went through the unimaginable: hearing from her doctor that her 10 month old son had a stroke.   Senator Blumenthal’s office helped Jennifer and her family with some insurance company difficulties, and after years of appointments and therapies their son is now a happy kindergartner.   Read their story here: http://j.mp/1mltVkj And learn more about pediatric strokes: http://j.mp/1n5Kb8m
Quite simply the international community may disagree on many things but the effort to #bringourgirlsback should unite all nations.
It was always a pleasure seeing Daryl Chappelle’s smiling face on rides from the Russell Building into the Capitol. He was the ultimate employee for his professionalism and positivity, and I want to thank him for his 41 years of service at the Capitol and wish him a great retirement.
In Scranton today to discuss our structurally deficient bridges. Investing in bridge repair will improve the safety of our region’s transportation system and boost our economy. Pennsylvania should not lead the nation in structurally deficient bridges. This is a problem that can be fixed if Democrats and Republicans come together around a commonsense approach to invest in our nation’s aging bridges. http://instagram.com/p/ngORC7mCK8/
NA
Senator Donnelly attended the groundbreaking for the new BAE Systems plant in Fort Wayne today.
Know a veteran interested in sharing their experiences serving our country? Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting a Veterans History Project event on Wednesday, May 7 at the Dearborn Adult Center in Lawrenceburg. The Veterans History Project is an effort by the Library of Congress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the military by recording their personal narratives. Donnelly’s staff and other Hoosier volunteers will be present to interview veterans. Learn more about how you can participate and RSVP below.
Help our foster youth find their forever families and make lasting connections. May is National Foster Care Month.
Earlier this year, I talked to President Obama about the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks and how special this region is to New Mexicans and the outpouring of support to designate it a national monument. An Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument would help ensure that a piece of our shared outdoor heritage is protected for us now and for future generations of Americans to enjoy.
As the daughter of a school cook, I understand the hard work that goes into making nutritious meals for students. Today in Bismarck, the students at Centennial Elementary showed their appreciation for the hard work and dedication of their school cook and the 2013-2014 Food Service Employee of the Year, Cecilia Tolsteadt, in honor of School Lunch Hero Day.
A conservative estimate of how much revenue North Dakota farmers have lost due to agriculture shipment delays over the course of the previous four months is $66 million, according to a study I asked NDSU to conduct. This report confirms what I have been stressing to government regulators and the railroad industry: the problems with ag shipments are threatening the livelihood of the thousands of North Dakotans who are involved in agriculture. 
How do you spark economic development in rural America? It is crucial to understand what works, and what doesn't, which is why I chaired an Ag subcommittee hearing to get answers. #ruraliscool #smalltowngirl
I'm so proud of Sean McComb, Maryland's Teacher of the Year who this week was honored at the White House by President Obama after being named National Teacher of the Year!   At Patapsco High in Dundalk, Sean is inspiring students to be all they can be, changing lives and supporting kids and families.   As National Teacher of the Year, Sean shows why Maryland is leading the way in education, preparing students for the next rung on America's opportunity ladder. 
Congrats to Daryl Chappelle on his retirement after 41 yrs of service in the Senate & always keeping the trains running on time! 
Congratulations to Loyola Development on breaking ground today in Waterbury - what a great community effort. I'm proud to be a longtime supporter of this affordable housing project.
"These numbers show concrete progress as our recent sweeping reforms continue to take root and more victims have the confidence in the system to come out of the shadows and report these crimes. We know that the majority of survivors, both military and civilian, choose not to report their assaults-but this data suggests that the number of brave men and women in uniform choosing to pursue justice is increasing. Ultimately, one sexual assault is still one too many, so while these numbers represent progress, our fight is far from over." - Claire 
Highlights from Sen. Merkley's time in Oregon throughout April 2014.
I'm very proud of these young West Virginians for their exceptional knowledge of our state's history and culture. Congratulations to all of the 2014 Knights and Ladies of the Golden Horseshoe!  http://www.wvgazette.com/article/20140501/GZ01/140509948/1419
The Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Program (HVRP) will provide an estimated 2,000 veterans with job training to help them succeed in the workplace. I encourage all eligible West Virginia organizations to apply for this great opportunity. Applications will be available until May 14.  Applicants may contact the Grants Officer, Cassandra Mitchell, at 202-693-4589 or mitchell.cassandra@dol.gov.    Click here for more information:  http://www.dol.gov/vets/programs/hvrp/main2014.htm
Today I got a chance to present 90 year old Army veteran John F. Anderson of East Greenwich with the medals he earned as a gun crewman during World War II.  During World War II, Mr. Anderson was a Corporal serving in the Northern African and European theatres, including Southern France and Rhineland, as a member of Battery B 112 Anti-Aircraft Artillery Battalion.  On behalf of Americans everywhere, I extend my heartfelt thanks to Mr. Anderson for his distinguished service to our nation. He has earned not only these medals and military honors, but our enduring gratitude.
Today I announced the winners of my 2014 annual High School Arts Competition, which celebrates the artistic and creative talents of young people across Rhode Island.    This year’s statewide competition drew over 50 entries from 19 different public, private, and parochial high schools.   Now in its 24th year, the annual arts contest is cosponsored by the Rhode Island Art Education Association and the Warwick Mall.  An awards ceremony for the artists, their teachers, and families will be held this weekend at the Warwick Mall at 6 p.m. this Sunday, May 4.  Click below to see this year's winners!
Today’s jobs report is good news. The economy added 288,000 jobs in April, while the unemployment rate fell to 6.3 percent.  While it suggests that economic recovery is beginning, there is much work to be done to continue creating jobs and strengthening the middle class.   Even as our economy continues on the path to growth, in Nevada alone, thousands of families are looking toward Speaker Boehner to pass an extension of long-term unemployment assistance. I hope the House will take action soon.
Senators Shaheen and Ayotte and Congresswoman Kuster hosted Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James this morning at Pease Air National Guard Base.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/PXkXud
I’m pleased to see today’s jobs report. But as we know, Montana continues to outpace the rest of the nation with a rate of 5.1%.
#PhotoFriday: Springtime really brings out the color in New Mexico. Thanks to Karina for her photo "German Church in Alamogordo." Have a great photo of New Mexico to share? Upload it to my spring photo contest here, and yours could be featured for all the state to see: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasenewmexico/ #ShowcaseNM
Today I was glad to celebrate a record $18 billion contract for Electric Boat and hundreds of new jobs here in Rhode Island.  This new submarine contract will grow and strengthen our economy for years to come.  And congratulations to Senator Jack Reed and Congressman Jim Langevin, who worked tirelessly to bring this project to Quonset.
Rep. Adam Kinzinger and I wrote the Pentagon yesterday about our concern over retaliation against two Virginia Air Force pilots who stepped forward to report problems with the F-22. We must provide an accountable system where people who come forward can feel free to do so without fear of retaliation. This cannot stand. 
