Tammy makes her first visit to Northeast Wisconsin as a United States Senator.
I join the entire region in welcoming our heroes home to Southwestern Pennsylvania after their brave service in Operation Enduring Freedom. Over and over again Pennsylvanians from the 911th Airlift Wing - Pittsburgh IAP ARS have stepped up to serve our nation. The homecoming is a reminder of the sacrifices our troops make every day and the indispensable role played by the 911th.
Sen. Coons talked with Dr. Bill Cosby about the American Dream Accounts Act while visiting with him at the Joshua Harvest Church in Wilmington last week. The American Dream Accounts Act is legislation introduced by Senator Coons to help at-risk kids access college.
With Gov. Mike Pence at his side, Joe celebrated the creation of more Hoosier jobs with the opening of Greenville Technology, Inc. in Anderson, Indiana.
In case you missed it: This week, Senator Donnelly crisscrossed Indiana for his “I Work for You” tour where he met with and listened to Hoosiers from educational, industrial, and ag communities.
I spoke to the The United States Conference of Mayors about gun violence this morning.
Sat down with CBS's Norah O'Donnell and Senators Amy Klobuchar and Susan Collins to talk about the record number of women in the US Senate.
Sat down with CBS's Norah O'Donnell and Senators Amy Klobuchar and Susan Collins to talk about the record number of women in the US Senate.
North Dakotans traveling to D.C. for the Inauguration: Senator Heitkamp's office will be open tomorrow between 1-3pm (EST) for ticket pick up and a small reception. Please stop by G-55 in Dirksen!
http://www.politico.com/story/2013/01/heidi-heitkamp-profile-86139.html
This week in Hyattsville, I stood with the hardworking civil servants at the Treasury Department's Financial Management Service to announce a 5-year delay in moving 450 jobs out of Prince George's County. I fought hard with Team Maryland to keep these jobs here so the dedicated workers at FMS have time to make big decisions affecting their lives, their careers and their families.
Touring New London economic development projects with Mayor Finizio. Lot of great potential.
Hearing about federal priorities in Middletown this morning from my friend Mayor Dan Drew
It's crunch time. SHARE this video if you think we need to reform the Senate and put an end to the secret, silent filibuster. If 41 Senators vote for more debate and block legislation from moving forward, they should have to stand up and make their case in front of their colleagues and the American people. Spread the word!
All West Virginians who are attending the inauguration ceremonies on Monday, please join Gayle and me for coffee in my D.C. office between 7 - 9 a.m. Please stop by!
Today, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Boulder City Hospital will be granted nearly $14 million to complete a major renovation and expansion. Various elements of hospital will be strengthened, from its Emergency Department to surgery areas. I am pleased that Boulder City residents will have access to the highest quality health care services and facilities.
The Forest Service this week gave its final go-ahead on the Colt Summit forest restoration project.  This Made in Montana solution will create jobs while restoring forest health.  Read more BELOW.
