VIDEO: Tammy discusses invasive species during her recent tour of the Upper Midwest Environmental Sciences Center.
#WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.) lauded the announcement by Vice President  Joe Biden that the #Obama Administration will take steps to help #Holocaust survivors living in the United States access needed services, such as #health care and #nutritional services, without having to live in a nursing home or assisted living facility.  The Holocaust Survivor Assistance Initiative announced today complements bipartisan legislation introduced by Senator Cardin and Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) – S.999,  the “Responding to Urgent Needs of #Survivors of the Holocaust Act or the ‘‘#RUSH Act”  – which would create a point person within the Administration for connecting nonprofit and community partners with Holocaust survivors in need.   S. 999 would also add Holocaust survivors to the list of groups receiving priority for #social services through the Older Americans Act (OAA.  In October 2013, the HELP Committee approved  legislation reauthorizing the OAA that includes Cardin-Kirk ( Senator Mark Kirk) language providing for greater Administration focus on the needs of the survivor community.  “As survivors of terror and torture, these #victims of the #Holocaust came to our country seeking the #American Dream, and they have enriched our nation.   Now they need additional social services that will allow them to age in place,” said Senator Cardin. “Time is running short for this community. The Administration has taken meaningful steps to fulfill our obligation to provide them with community supports.”  Approximately 120,000 Holocaust survivors live in the United States, with an average age of 80. Nearly one-quarter are age 85 or older and three-in-five are women. Two-thirds of Holocaust survivors live alone, placing them at greater risk of institutionalization. In addition, more than half of all Holocaust survivors who immigrated to the United States after 1965 live below the federal poverty level and have few resources.
On this International Human Rights Day let us honor those who fought and those who are still fighting to advance universal human rights globally.
A look up Delaware Avenue, where here on a snowy day in Washington, we're open for business. Stay safe and warm!
Senator Donnelly’s office released a white paper today detailing the recent history of the auto industry as well as the progress being made in this sector of Indiana’s economy. The paper highlights how the automotive industry, since late 2008, has invested in Hoosier communities and created jobs.
Last week, Senator Donnelly visited auto manufacturing facilities around Indiana to recognize the hard work of Hoosiers in this important sector of our economy.  Donnelly visited facilities in Greensburg, Lafayette, Princeton, Bedford, Marion, Kokomo, and Fort Wayne.
This debt deal isn’t perfect, but it’s a crucial bipartisan step to address our deficit and halt reckless across-the-board spending cuts, known as sequestration, that are hurting North Dakotans. The deal doesn’t include any tax increases and it cuts the deficit. Our country needs the certainty this budget provides. I have long pushed for Congress to work across the aisle to find real solutions and that’s what happened today. It’s a good sign.
Yesterday I joined the U.S. Department of Justice’s first task force hearing on American Indian/Alaskan Native Children Exposed to Violence in Bismarck. The time to stand up for our Native children is long overdue – we need to take action. My hope is that the DOJ’s task force will work side by side with my Commission on Native Children bill to address the devastating realities our Native children face. Read today’s story from KXMB-TV to learn more about this important step.
With Pattie Millett's confirmation to the D.C. Circuit, the court gains a supremely qualified jurist with a strong record of bipartisan public service under both Democratic and Republican administrations. Pattie’s career has prepared her well for this post and I was honored to introduce her at her confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. On top of her impressive career and educational experience, Pattie is a proud military spouse who will represent the unique perspective of military families.
If you’re a member of the National Guard or Reserves, Claire’s encouraging you to nominate exceptional employers for an award that highlights their outstanding work going above and beyond to support you and other men and women who sacrifice so much for our country.   The Department of Defense sponsors the Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award as part of the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR) program. Guard and Reserve members, or a family member acting on their behalf, may nominate their employers at www.FreedomAward.mil. The deadline to nominate is January 20, 2014.
Had a chance to have lunch with former Fed Chair Paul Volcker after the rule bearing his name was finalized today. It's time for banks to stop the big swing-for-the-fences bets with deposits and make loans for individuals and small businesses.
 
 http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2013/12/10/regulators-vote-to-approve-volcker-rule/?hpw&rref=business
Today I introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Deb Fischer to eliminate government spending on nothing.   Fixing America’s finances and getting our financial house in order has always been a top priority for me, especially when we can cut waste, fraud and abuse. It is truly remarkable how much our great nation can save if our federal government cuts the fat and not the muscle from many of our programs, especially ones that are no longer serving the American people. Our taxpayer dollars should be spent on programs and grant opportunities that actually support the people who we as Americans value most – including our children, veterans and seniors – not on administering empty grant accounts that help nobody. I thank Senator Fischer for leading this commonsense effort to address head-on our government’s wasteful spending.  To read more about The Grants Oversight and New Efficiency (GONE) Act, please click here.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2bc91633-6847-420d-a905-654344e6a576
Senator Manchin met with business leaders and plant workers at the Momentive Plant in Sistersville to tour the facilities and discuss opportunities for job growth.
Senator Manchin spoke at the National Guard Defense Business Forum to celebrate the NGAUS 17th annual "Industry Day."
The #ACA brings mental health & substance abuse benefits to over 2.9M New Yorkers. Did you #getcovered?
Senator Shaheen has nominated 40 New Hampshire students to the United States Service Academies. The nominations recommend New Hampshire students for acceptance into the U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy and/or West Point. The full list of nominees is available here: http://1.usa.gov/1czpF9e
The Senate today passed a ten-year ban on undetectable guns. Senator Schatz and Senate leaders are pushing increased safety measures to ban at-home production of plastic guns, which would do more to protect Hawai‘i families and keep our communities safe.
 
 “We should be able to take action on stopping homemade, virtually invisible firearms. This is a no-brainer. Families across Hawai‘i and the United States deserve more than just an extension of the ban. They deserve to know that it is illegal for dangerous people to make their own plastic gun at home.  We need to stop these guns to help police and security fight criminals and keep our schools, airports, and communities safe. And we're going to keep working to pass these safety measures.” - BES
 
 http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/senate-passes-ten-year-ban-on-undetectable-guns
Government offices in Washington D.C. are closed because of light snow and rain, but my offices in D.C. and Montana are open for business.  Making Washington look at little more like Montana apparently includes setting an example and getting to work in the snow.
I don't know about you, but I think New Mexico is the most beautiful state in the country. It's filled with diverse landscapes from mountains to forests to desert peaks and ancient rock formations that tell the story of our history and culture. Not only do New Mexicans enjoy taking photos of our great scenery in all four corners, we like to share them too. As the snow falls and we settle into winter, I'll be on the lookout for great photos of New Mexico to feature on my website and social media channels. If you have captured a great picture, please share it with me to help showcase New Mexico. You don't have to be a professional photographer – just have a good eye for capturing New Mexico at its best.  To submit your photo, visit tomudall.senate.gov/showcasingnewmexico
Organ Mountains. Photo by Patrick Alexander of Las Cruces.
It was great to be back in snowy New Mexico for the past two weeks. I had the opportunity to visit with many people across the state to talk about a lot of important issues, including one that is very important as we head into the holidays. Click here to watch this video about the Roadrunner Food Bank of New Mexico's Southern Branch in Las Cruces and the work they are doing to help fight hunger in Southern New Mexico. None of our families in New Mexico - especially working families - should go hungry, and as we resume work on the Farm Bill I will continue fighting against cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
Last night, the Senate reauthorized the Undetectable Firearms Act - which was set to expire at midnight. This was an important step, but in the age of plastic guns, it doesn't go far enough. I was glad to work with Senator Chuck Schumer on an amendment that would require plastic guns to contain a detectable, nonremovable metal piece. While it didn't pass this time, I will keep working with my colleagues to close this plastic gun loophole.
