A happy and safe 4th of July to you and yours!
Have a safe and happy Fourth of July Colorado! We hope your weekend is filled with fun, family, and friends.
Wishing you all a happy, peaceful and safe 4th of July on our great nation’s 238th birthday. -RB
Have a safe & happy #4thofJuly. Thinking of all the Americans who aren't w/ family today as they serve this great nation overseas. Thanks.
I would like to wish you and yours a happy Fourth of July! As we celebrate, please take time to think of our men and women in uniform who have fought for our freedoms for the past 238 years.
Wishing everyone a safe, happy, and festive Independence Day! #July4th photo via @uscapitol
This Fourth of July, I hope all Hoosiers and Americans will join me in taking time to remember the bravery of those who declared our independence on that summer day in 1776, as well as the courage and sacrifice of the men and women who have fought to protect our freedoms since then. Please have a safe and happy Fourth of July. –Joe
In a time when our nation seems more divided than ever, Independence Day pulls us back together. The Fourth of July is a time to remember the brave steps our forefathers took to secure the freedoms we enjoy today. But it’s also a time to celebrate the unique journey we take together as Americans; that out of many walks of life, from big cities to rural farms, we’re all created equal. Let’s continue to strive daily to meet principles greater than ourselves – the ideals set forth in that declaration many years ago – to be better people, better members of our communities, and, most notably, better Americans.
Happy Independence Day!
I join with all of Prince George’s County and Maryland in mourning the passing of Wayne Curry. Wayne was a friend, a colleague and a strong partner in moving Maryland forward. Prince George’s County and our state have lost a truly great man.  Throughout his years of service to his community, Wayne demonstrated a tireless commitment to turning Prince George’s County into the economic engine that it is today. He was a  brilliant strategist, an outspoken advocate and a no-nonsense guy. I was proud to work closely with Wayne on a number of projects, including the development of National Harbor.  He used his formidable intellect to broker deals and staunchly advocate for the County he loved so well. I extend my sympathies to his wife Sheila along with his family and friends during this difficult time.
Today in Rosedale I was joined by Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz, Baltimore County Fire Chief John Hohman and state and local first responders to announce $4.6 million in federal grant funding to address equipment and staffing needs for Maryland fire fighters.   Every day when our first responders report for duty, they don’t know what they will face. That’s why I fight every year for the equipment, training, and staffing our protectors and communities deserve.
“Independence Day gives us a chance to reflect on the liberties and blessings that we too often take for granted in this country. It’s also an opportunity to honor the men and women who have sacrificed everything to secure the freedoms that make us unique. Today is about showcasing the pride and patriotism we have for our democracy, that helps keep America the envy of the world.” -Claire
Happy Independence Day, Oregon!  If you’re in Portland: 
I wish all of you a safe and enjoyable Fourth of July. As we gather together for parades, barbecues, picnics and fireworks, let us also remember the true reasons why we observe this national celebration.   God bless you and your families, God bless the great state of West Virginia and God bless America.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=bc6fb641-c885-4c20-b06f-277795967fba
Rhode Island is a small state, but we all take big pride in our communities and this great nation of ours. Happy 4th of July!
Happy 238th birthday, America! As we celebrate our freedom and independence today, here's wishing everyone a safe, happy, and dry, 4th of July!
Hurricane Arthur selfie at the beach with daughters
“As we gather with friends and family around the state today to celebrate the Fourth, it is a perfect time to reflect on the freedoms we enjoy as Americans and give thanks to those who have sacrificed to defend them. To each and every one of our servicemen and women currently overseas, to all of our veterans, and to their families and loved ones – thank you all for your service and tremendous sacrifices. I want to extend a Happy Fourth of July to everyone across New Hampshire, around the country, and serving our nation overseas.”  -JS
Sharla and I want to wish you a happy and safe 4th of July!
The weather can't dampen our spirits! I'm having a great time celebrating the 4th of July with everyone in RI today!
Congress needs to act now to avoid a serious hit to our roads and bridges, and to our economy as a whole.  If we don't find a solution by this fall, the fund that pays for most road and bridge projects in Rhode Island will start to run out of the cash it needs to cover its commitments.  That's why I was glad to join Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx in Providence today to help him spread the word about funding our highways right away.  Secretary Foxx and I are committed to working with my colleagues in Congress to make sure we have the funding necessary to keep our roads and bridges safe, and to create much needed construction jobs.
