Since Republicans first began blocking relief for America’s long-term unemployed in December, more than half a million Californians have lost critical benefits that help families put food on the table, gas in their cars and clothes on their children’s backs. I am pleased that the Senate took action today, and now it is up to House Republicans to extend this lifeline for 2.8 million unemployed Americans while they look for work.
48,100 Connecticut residents will benefit from the Senate's compromise on #RenewUI. I was proud to vote with other Senators on today’s amendment to extend unemployment benefits—now, it's up to the House.  Share this: urge House Republicans to take action, and #RenewUI. Too many Americans have gone without their unemployment insurance for too long.
GM CEO Mary Barra testified that if there was any incident reported in which driving with just the key or the key in the ring showed any risk, she would "ground these vehicles across the country."  Since then, at least one case has emerged in which a car lost power with only the vehicle key in the ignition.   Sign the petition: tell GM to take these cars off the road. http://blumenthal.senate.gov/gm
Congrats to the Huskies women's basketball team—now, on to the championship! #caNINEs #BleedBlue
“Extending Emergency Unemployment Insurance benefits is the right thing to do.  We never should have let the program expire at the end of 2013. I am pleased that the Senate has taken action but the House must complete their job and bring relief to the millions of Americans who, through no fault of their own, are still in limbo waiting for us to end this needless gridlock. Unemployment rates are getting lower and we’ve restored the number of jobs lost in the recession, but if you're one of the millions still unemployed and you're looking for work, it's pretty tough out there. Americans who are looking for work continue to face an historically tight job market. We cannot just leave them and their families to fall into poverty when there is a clear path to support them that also boosts our overall economy.”  #RenewUI
I had the pleasure of attending the FIRST Robotics Competition last Friday. Teams from across the tri-state area put their robotics skills to the test.  It was great to meet so many teams from across Maryland. Events like these are so important to honing and popularizing the STEM skills that are critical to empowering the workforce of tomorrow.
NA
Kudos #MD General Assembly on passage of #minimumwage bill. #Congress should follow their example & promote #OpportunityForAll.
Great to have Barack Obama in Prince George's County, Maryland announcing a $7 million federal grant to expand a program that helps students prepare for jobs in the region.   Watch his remarks live here. 
I just voted with 58 of my Senate colleagues to extend unemployment insurance. Now it's time for the House to act.  Read my statement here: http://1.usa.gov/1qeZdrf and click share if you agree!
The Senate today did the right thing by passing the bipartisan Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2014. While I originally pushed for a one-year extension, this compromise will provide an essential lifeline to middle class families who rely on the program to stay afloat as they actively seek work.  With the program affecting over 105,000 Pennsylvanians currently looking for work, extending it will also provide an essential boost to our state economy. The pace of job growth has increased in the last few months but there are still far too many Pennsylvanians looking for work. Extending unemployment insurance will help those actively seeking work and their families.  I am hopeful that Speaker Boehner will quickly bring this bill to the floor so it can pass the House and be signed by the President. #RenewUI
The Lehigh Valley is an attractive location for employers and I’m hopeful Stone Brewing Co. will choose Pennsylvania for its new eastern U.S. location. Our region’s workforce is highly skilled and I’m confident any company would benefit from locating in the state. Companies like Stone Brewing represent a growing industry that could boost economic growth and job creation in Pennsylvania for years to come.
Please join me and U.S. Rep. Tony Cárdenas for an important event on juvenile justice. Wednesday, April 9th, United States Capitol Visitor Center, North Orientation Theater. Follow the link to RSVP. cc: Kids For Cash
Communities across Pennsylvania have struggled with the increase in heroin and prescription drug abuse. As these challenges increase it’s critical that Congress puts in place a commonsense approach to help families and law enforcement. Addiction is a truly terrible disease. Combatting the rise in heroin and prescription drug abuse will require all stakeholders to work together in a collaborative effort. I’m hopeful that Congress will take steps this year to confront this challenge.
Senator Donnelly voted to extend federal long-term emergency unemployment benefits, and the Senate passed the legislation 59 to 38. “There are still too many Hoosiers out of work, and we need to make sure families have food on the table while mom or dad looks for a job,” Donnelly said. “This bill passed with support from Republicans and Democrats in the Senate, and I am hopeful my colleagues in the House will also act in a bipartisan manner and extend these emergency unemployment benefits.”
Senator Donnelly’s office is all in for the Irish and can’t wait for tomorrow night.
I am so proud of Coach Muffet McGraw and the Lady Irish. Can't wait for Tuesday. -Joe
I just voted to extend unemployment insurance - a vital lifeline for millions of Americans, including as many as 20,000 Virginians, struggling to find their next job. While I am pleased that we were finally able to #RenewUI, it shouldn't have been this difficult.
Today’s vote to #RenewUI is a step in the right direction for the millions of Americans left in the lurch and scrambling to make ends meet as their unemployment insurance has dried up while they continue to search for a job. But while those families can breathe a little easier today, I’m appalled that it took this long to get here.    Federal support for unemployment insurance has been a lifeline for millions of Americans who have been laid off through no fault of their own, and the longer they’ve gone without it, the worse off they’ve become. Extending these benefits isn’t just the right thing to do—it’s also the smart thing to do for our economy. Every dollar that we put into unemployment insurance returns nearly double that for the economy. It took far too long for Republicans in the Senate to remember the men and women they represent who have worked hard all their lives and are desperate to get back to work. I hope Republicans in the House will do the right thing and pass this bill too.
Missed Claire on This Week with George Stephanopoulos yesterday? Watch her interview discussing last week's Senate hearing on the General Motors recall. 
The Senate just voted to #RenewUI.   In Oregon and across the nation, families looking for work need a bridge that will help get them to the next job. The U.S. Senate did the right thing by voting to restore a stronger bridge for periods of high unemployment. Now the House of Representatives must act. This is not just another bill that the House can lock in the basement and throw away the key.
My op ed in this weekend's Register Guard: Your boss shouldn’t be inside your bedroom, your exam room, or your trip to the emergency room. Your personal and private health decisions are just not your boss’s business. The Supreme Court needs to keep it that way by ensuring that women and workers come first. 
Congratulations to WVU graduate student Jackie Riggleman who is representing the Mountain State at this year’s National Cherry Blossom Festival in Washington, D.C. Jackie is an accomplished and driven young woman, and  I’m honored to support her endeavors in this year’s Cherry Blossom Festival. Her academic excellence, poise, communication skills, and leadership ability make her an exemplary representative of West Virginia. The Cherry Blossom Festival is a celebration of both the much-appreciated arrival of spring and the diversity of our great nation. West Virginia cherishes Japan’s gift of the beautiful cherry blossom trees that have decorated the district for over 100 years.  A full schedule of Cherry Blossom Princess festivities can be found at www.statesocieties.org.
The U.S. Senate today finally passed a bipartisan bill to #RenewUI and provide millions of American job seekers with some targeted, temporary relief.   Restoring emergency unemployment insurance is the right thing to do and this is a critical moment to get it done. The bipartisan bill Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) and I crafted is a fiscally responsible compromise that will help save and create jobs, assist our neighbors in need, and improve both our short-term and long-term national economic health.  As of today, over 2.35 million Americans have been cut off from unemployment insurance, including 8,700 Rhode Islanders and 227,249 veterans across the country.  I urge the U.S. House of Representatives to quickly take an up or down vote and I will continue to work in a bipartisan fashion to get this done.
Since January, over $70 million has been drained from Nevada’s economy because emergency unemployment benefits have not been extended. This is senseless; and that is why I continued to push for this legislation so that we could renew this lifeline for people who lost their job by no fault of their own.  I thank Senators Jack Reed and Dean Heller for their bipartisan work on this important bill and for their efforts to get this help to struggling American families who are trying to put food on the table and keep a roof over their head. The House of Representatives must now act quickly to pass this bill.
Many NASCAR fans can easily find their favorite drivers by simply spotting the corporate emblems on the hood of the car.  Here in the Senate, our clothing doesn't bear any commercial logos. But many Republican Senators these days might as well wear Koch Industries insignias to denote their sponsorship.  As members of the United States Senate, there should never be any doubt as to our sponsors – the American people.
Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court paved the way for the ultra-wealthy in our society, like the Koch Brothers, to have more influence over our political system. They are trying to buy our democracy.
Thanks Bryan Cranston & all who urged Congress to push Broadway tax credit #AlltheWay this morning. @allthewaybway
U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) welcomed a bipartisan breakthrough in the Senate tonight that resulted in the long overdue passage of an extension of unemployment insurance, 59-38. The bipartisan legislation reauthorizes emergency unemployment insurance benefits for nearly 4,000 Granite Staters who have lost or will lose emergency unemployment benefits.  “Today’s vote is an important step forward for many in New Hampshire and across the country who are struggling to find work right now,” said Senator Shaheen. “For too long, partisan politics have stood in the way of providing relief for those who have been out of work through no fault of their own.”  “The House should immediately act on this bipartisan bill on behalf of the thousands of people in New Hampshire – and millions across the country – who desperately need these benefits to help them make ends meet while they search for a job.”   READ MORE HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1h9HQFQ 
NA
Senator Shaheen joined Governor Hassan and New Hampshire’s Congressional Delegation at the second annual Welcome Home Ceremony for Vietnam Veterans at White Mountains Regional High School on Saturday, April 5th.
Unemployment insurance benefits can mean the difference between paying bills and losing a home, and I strongly support restoring this lifeline to the thousands of Rhode Island families who have lost benefits in recent months.  Today the Senate voted to revive these benefits, thanks largely to the tireless efforts of Senator Jack Reed, who led the charge on this issue in the Senate and managed to craft a bipartisan compromise.  I was proud to stand with Senator Reed to support resuming extended benefits, and I hope House Republicans will act quickly to pass this critical bill into law.
Strongly urge my colleagues in the House to pass this bipartisan legislation to provide Virginia job seekers with temporary assistance. #RenewUI
You won't regret taking a few minutes to watch this 60 Minutes segment on the The Health Wagon, a mobile health care clinic in Southwest Virginia that provides care to uninsured patients. They do incredible, inspiring work.
