“Let us observe this day with reverence and with prayer that will rekindle in us the will and show us the way not only to preserve our blessings, but also to extend them to the four corners of the earth. Let us by our example, as well as by our material aid, assist all peoples of all nations who are striving to achieve a better life in freedom.”  -President John F. Kennedy
This Saturday, Nov. 30, 2013, is Small Business Saturday where shoppers are encouraged to shop local. This week, Sen. Carper toured small businesses in Rehoboth Beach and Dover to support the Small Business Saturday initiative.
Wishing you and your family a safe and happy holiday this Thanksgiving!
As a proud parent, glad to share with Education Week’s Tom Segal the lessons I learned from my kids’ combined 40 years in public Pre-K/12 classrooms
Need a last minute tip to make sure your turkey stays juicy? Claire shared a family secret on her Tumblr today. Happy Thanksgiving!
#HUD loan would remove blight, raise property values & improve safety for first responders in #Schenectady
Happy first night of Chanukah to all who are celebrating! I wish you a happy, healthy holiday.
 
 -JS
Senator Schatz visited Lanai to hear from residents during this time of transition.  He received updates from Pulama Lanai on their plans for the island under Larry Ellison’s leadership and heard from residents on their community collaboration to address ongoing issues with infrastructure, education, and elder care options for Lanai’s aging population.
Small businesses are a part of who we are as Montanans, and on Saturday you have a chance to support your local small business as part of Small Business Saturday.  LIKE this post to join me in shopping local this Saturday and throughout the holiday season.
It seems like every year around the holidays the competition for business heats up. This year I hope you'll join me in shopping at our locally owned businesses in New Mexico on Small Business Saturday. Small businesses have been the foundation of our communities since our nation’s beginning, and they are a driving force behind our economy all over New Mexico. This weekend presents a real opportunity to support our locally owned businesses and the people behind them. Like this post and share it with others to spread the word about Small Business Saturday in your community.
The Obama Administration’s newly proposed guidance to limit political activity by 501(c)(4) nonprofit organizations is badly needed. I applaud them for taking this critical step to help crack down on the unlimited, secret spending plaguing our elections and corrupting our democracy.
Congrats to Virginia's own JMU Marching Royal Dukes, who will be the first band at tomorrow's Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade! 
