Here's my March Madness bracket. How do your picks compare? We'll be rooting for you University of Colorado Boulder and Colorado State University!
I'm inspired by the courageous work of IAVA, Storming the Hill today for inproved veterans benefits & to end the terrible claims backlog for veterans with the Dept of Veterans Affairs.
You grow an economy by creating jobs not cutting them.
The main difference between this Democratic budget and what they rolled out in the House is that our budget manages the deficit in a credible way. It cuts our deficit; it builds on the $2.4 trillion we’ve already done since we started this debate-$1.8 trillion in spending $600 billion in revenues. This budget is built in reality- using plausible baselines—not smoke and mirrors -not parlor accounting tricks. This budget is achievable- it’s doable- it’s credible. Finally, it looks at tax expenditures; it says the middle class has done more to earn a tax break than an oil company. This framework is a good place to start, it’s time to come to the table and get the nation’s work done.
Attention Delaware high school students: Are you a future leader who has good moral character, a commendable academic record, medical and physical fitness, the desire to serve, and the motivation to lead? Consider applying to a service academy. Applications will be available in April. You can learn more on my Web site: http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/service-academy-nominations
Senator Coons participated in a Senate colloquy Thursday calling for a budget proposal that reduces the deficit in a balanced way, promotes economic growth and job creation in the short term, invests in our competitiveness in the long term, and puts a circle of protection around the most vulnerable in our society.
Check out Joe’s NCAA tournament bracket. He thinks all teams from Indiana have a good chance at going far in this year’s Big Dance.
FACT: The Affordable Care Act provides 435,000 young adults in California with access to health insurance.
Read my op-ed in the Los Angeles Times about bringing Al Qaeda terrorists to justice in federal criminal court:
Asked some tough questions at HSGAC hearing about North Dakota airport screening units. Watch the video here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9xoe9BcWLE
Check out this bipartisan plan 2 bring more doctors 2 rural areas. Working with Amy Klobuchar  Jerry Moran Senator Susan Collins
Will soon question a DHS official at hearing re North Dakota airport security. Watch live here:
A North Dakota honey producer stopped by this week. Did you know we have led the nation in production for 9 years?
Today I joined Senators Mark Warner and Mazie Hirono for a conversation on the Senate floor about why we need to pass the Senate budget that replaces harmful, across-the-board sequester cuts with a balanced approach.
On Wednesday, March 20, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on “The Future of Drones in America: Law Enforcement and Privacy Considerations.”  Excerpts from Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy’s opening statement can be seen at the link below.  Senator Leahy outlined his concerns about the privacy implications of the growing use of drones in January, when he made the issue a priority for the Judiciary Committee.
Tomorrow marks the 3rd anniversary of the Affordable Care Act. Click here to see how the new health care law is helping New Jerseyans by increasing their access to -- and the quality of -- our health care: www.menendez.senate.gov/affordablecareact
When a parent goes to work or to school they should have peace of mind and know that their little boy or girl is in a safe and healthy environment. As a social worker, I've seen the permanent scars that child abuse and neglect leaves on both the child and their family. That's why this week I cosponsored Senator Richard Burr's bipartisan Child Care Protection Act to help protect our children through prevention, intervention and deterrence of child abuse.
Met with St. Rose of Lima students from Newtown yesterday. Such a brave group of kids, we're so proud of them.
It’s almost that time again! Before March Madness kicks off Claire wanted to share her bracket with all of you. Who are you rooting for?
Senator Manchin was honored by VH1 Save the Music Foundation, National Association of Music Merchants (NAMM) and National Association for Music Education (NAFME) for his leadership of the statewide rebuild of West Virginia music education.  The award-winning jazz ensemble from Shepherdstown Middle School performed at the presentation ceremony.
NA
Tonight, I will start the process of bringing a bill to reduce gun violence to the Senate floor. It will include provisions on background checks. In order to be effective, any bill that passes the Senate must include background checks. I will also ensure that a ban on assault weapons, limits to high-capacity magazines, and mental health provisions receive votes during the debate.
Three years ago, President Barack Obama signed into law the greatest single step in generations toward ensuring access to quality, affordable healthcare for every American – the Affordable Care Act. As Thomas Jefferson once wrote, “The care of human life and happiness… is the first and only object of good government.” I am gratified that the Affordable Care Act is meeting that standard.
In NCAA men's basketball tournament history, the #5 seed is highest seed to never win it all. Until the Runnin' Rebels do it this year!! Check out my picks here...
NA
Each week I go to the floor of the U.S. Senate to press my colleagues to take action on climate change. Today The Providence Journal wrote about my latest speech, in which I shared feedback from religious leaders about the moral obligation we have to act on climate change while we still can.
I often get asked how we can reduce the cost of Medicare without cutting Medicare benefits. The answer is Delivery System Reform. That means identifying and addressing sources of waste in our health care system — like duplicate care, payment fraud, avoidable hospital infection rates — in order to save billions of dollars each year, all while improving health outcomes.  The Institute of Medicine has created an infographic that drives this point home:  http://www.iom.edu/Reports/2011/~/media/Files/widget/VSRT/healthcare-waste.swf
 
 Click the SHARE button if you believe we should cut waste in our health care system, not benefits.
COLLOQUY \ noun \ˈkä-lə-kwē\  1: conversation, dialogue 2: a high-level serious discussion  Sens. Warner and Tim Kaine discussed budgets, sequester and  deficits in a colloquy on the Senate floor today.
Senator Warner's NCAA bracket: VCU Rams to the Elite Eight -- Hoosiers to win it all. BTW, the Senator filled this out on his own time...   - staff
