Heartbreaking. via Sandy Hook Promise
Proud to have met these students yesterday who chose to serve our country in the military after graduating. It’s not an easy decision, but one they made bravely. I wish them the best of luck in their service: http://j.mp/1kKHbfi
Wishing a Happy birthday to the The Sierra Club. For the last 121 years Sierra Club members have been on the front lines of environmental conservancy. Their efforts have saved natural treasures, improved public health, and constantly reminded us of the environmental wealth and beauty we have in this great land. Thank you and here's to another 121 amazing years.
Maya Angelou’s words were powerful. She chose each one carefully and with purpose. Her life was not an easy one, but she understood that the lessons she shared with the world were important.  Her stories were filled with spirit and resonance. Maya Angelou will be profoundly missed, but she will continue to be a presence, influencing generations with her words, her hope, and her love for all people of this world.
I want to congratulate two Delaware companies, GS-Tek and ILC Dover LP, for winning the President’s “E” Award honoring their efforts to support and grow our nation’s international exports.
NA
NA
Senator Coons teamed up with Senator Rand Paul to write about the impact of two pending Supreme Court cases on your privacy. "At question is whether the police can search the contents of a phone without a warrant during an arrest. At stake is whether technological advancements have rendered one of our most treasured civil liberties obsolete."
Joined by supporters of the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, Senator Donnelly speaks on the steps of the War Memorial in Indy.
America lost a truly inspirational voice today. May Maya Angelou’s words and her example continue to inspire generations to come.
North Dakota received $1.5 million in federal funding for improvements to Lake Shure Bridge near West Fargo. Folks from the Lake Shure community know all too well the toll of regular flooding on a community – as many had to boat to their homes for more than a month. These funds will make a significant difference in their lives and is another important step toward making sure North Dakotans have permanent flood protection, as I’ve fought for in Congress.
Today I talked with folks at the Bismarck Rotary Club about the work I’ve done in the Senate so far, my hope for real progress and making Congress work in a constructive, bipartisan manner, and the important work we have to do in the coming months. http://1.usa.gov/1oLbhzU
I led a bipartisan group of 47 Senators to call on the Environmental Protection Agency for a 120-day public comment period on its new regulations on greenhouse gas emissions from existing coal-fired power plants, which it’s expected the EPA will announce next week. We need workable regulations, and utilities, rural electric cooperatives, employees, and consumers need sufficient time to analyze the rule and its potential impacts on reliability, electricity providers, jobs, and the economy. 
This week, a member of my staff, Gwen Mason, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Warm Springs & Monterey. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here:
Joined by Senator Blumenthal and Metro North advocates to call for return of Waterbury- Stamford line. Jobs depend on it
Varun Kukkillayam, a seventh grader from John Adams Middle School in Charleston, is making the entire Mountain State proud this week as he represents West Virginia in the Scripps National Spelling Bee. I am proud of Varun's talent, hard work and determination, and I wish him the best of luck. Congratulations, Varun!
Honored to accompany the President to his speech today at my alma mater, West Point - The U.S. Military Academy
Today, the world has lost one of its most powerful voices. I am terribly saddened by the loss of such an advocate for humanity. Through the power of her words, legendary poet, author, and civil rights leader, Maya Angelou has transformed millions of lives and challenged each of us to approach life with great courage. The wisdom and love Maya shared with this nation and our world will never be forgotten. She will certainly be missed, as no one can ever replace her style, eloquence, and dedication to people of all walks of life. Her words and deeds will undeniably reverberate for generations.   As we celebrate the life of  Maya Angelou, may her legacy of equality, tolerance, and peace live on. 
As data shows, a college education is even more important, but let’s not make paying for it impossible.  #fairshot
In today's information age our farmers need the best web support we can offer – which I believe Cornell has developed – to help them access the new-and-improved milk support and crop insurance programs we included in the recent Farm Bill. 
In remembrance of Maya Angelou: "We can learn to see each other and see ourselves in each other and recognize that human beings are more alike than we are unalike."
Great to be in Santa Teresa to celebrate the grand opening of the new Union Pacific rail facility – a critical investment that is helping transform Southern New Mexico, grow businesses throughout the community, create jobs and strengthen trade with Mexico.  The new rail yard and the expanded Santa Teresa port of entry are creating opportunities for growth in Southern New Mexico and all across the state, and I was proud to help secure funding for these smart investments. The expansion created 3,000 construction jobs and another 600 permanent jobs. Today, Santa Teresa is home to over 60 trade-related businesses, employing more than 2,500 people. With Union Pacific’s intermodal facility and a top flight port of entry, there will be more on the way.
It is with a heavy heart that Jill and I offer our deepest condolences to the families of Aldo Leopold Charter School students Ella Kirk, Michael Mahl, Ella Myers and to Dr. Peter Hochla. Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families, their friends, and to the entire Silver City community during this difficult time. On behalf of all New Mexicans, we offer our support as you all work to heal from such a tremendous loss.
Honored to be recognized as a 'Fiscal Hero' by nonpartisan group Fix the Debt. We must find a bipartisan solution for deficit/debt.
