This November, we are celebrating Military Family Appreciation Month, a time when we will recognize and honor those brave men and women who support our servicemembers. Pennsylvania has a long and storied association across every branch of the U.S. military, and is home to the nation’s third-largest Army National Guard and fourth-largest Air National Guard.   The spouses, children, parents, families, and friends who form the support network for our fighting men and women are unsung heroes.  They have made, and continue to make, tremendous sacrifices so that the rest of us are able to live in a free and safe society, and I am deeply grateful.
The SNAP program plays a critical role in the battle against hunger for children, seniors and families across Pennsylvania and throughout our nation. The expiration of increased SNAP benefits at this time will also have a negative impact on Pennsylvania’s economy.  For every dollar invested in this program, it is estimated that the economy gets $1.75 in return.  The program fuels consumer spending while providing much needed nutrition for 1.7 million Pennsylvanians.
I’ll be on CBS Face the Nation Sunday at 10:30 a.m. EST to discuss NSA programs and the Affordable Care Act.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wisc.), chairman of the Crime and Terrorism Subcommittee in the House, welcomed the broad support among stakeholders for legislation they introduced this week that would end the government’s dragnet collection of phone records and require greater oversight, transparency and accountability with respect to domestic surveillance authorities.
NA
My thoughts are with those in Los Angeles affected by today's shooting. Absolutely awful news.
Had the opportunity to hear from Starwood employees in Stamford this afternoon. Great discussion
Today, releasing a new report on the high cost of childcare in CT. Congresswoman DeLauro and I will be introducing a bill to double the pre-tax benefit for childcare
Halloween may be over, but Autumn’s in full swing across #Missouri. We’re looking to showcase some of the state’s beautiful fall landscapes. Submit your photo by Friday, November 8 to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com to participate in “Claire’s Cover Photo Contest.”  All Autumn landscape photos will be posted on Facebook and the two photos that receive the most likes will be featured as cover photos on our page for a month at a time with the photographers first name and location of the photo. Looking forward to seeing the Autumn scenes you’ve all captured!
NA
We can't allow House Republicans to gut the food stamps program. This small amount of assistance helps prevent hunger. 9 out of 10 recipients are families with children, senior citizens or people with disabilities.
On Monday, the Senate will vote on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. This is legislation that every member of Congress should support -- it ensures ALL Americans are treated with fairness.
“Honored to be a part of the ceremony to dedicate the new Mount Washington Scenic Overlook in Ray Burton’s name. New Hampshire and the North Country have been lucky to have Ray as a dedicated public servant for more than three decades. The love Ray has for the North Country shows, and it’s a better place because of his service. I can think of no one better to receive this honor.” – Senator Shaheen  http://1.usa.gov/1b0tmk8
The Enterprise Center at Plymouth is doing fantastic work to promote job creation and economic growth by supporting small businesses and entrepreneurs in the region.    Senator Shaheen visited the Enterprise Center at Plymouth this morning to meet with officials and discuss the work of the center and her efforts on behalf of small businesses and the economy in New Hampshire. TO READ MORE CLICK HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1h6vXlg
Congrats to Holloman Air Force Base for receiving the Air Force's Commander-in-Chief's 2013 Installation Excellence Award. So honored to represent one of the best military bases in the nation and proud of the innovative Airmen serving there. Your energy and fuel savings are an example to the nation! Best of luck in the next round.
Fall is a special time in our state. This week, in addition to Halloween, many New Mexicans participate in Dia de los Muertos/Day of the Dead, All Saints' Day and All Souls' Day. What are some of your customs for these sacred days?
Thanks to the seniors at the Johnston Senior Center today for taking the time to discuss Social Security Cost of Living Adjustments with me. It's clear that we need to make sure COLAs give seniors a fair deal -- and chained CPI is not the way to do it.
