Have you attended a Beyond Colorado workshop yet? Last year, Colorado set records as manufactured, agricultural, and mineral exports grew 11.3 percent in 2012, growing from $7.3 billion to $8.1 billion. Growing your business abroad can be difficult, but we can help cut red tape and connect you with resources and people who can assist you. http://www.bennet.senate.gov/beyondcolorado
Be prepared for the approaching blizzard. Check out the CT Emergency Services website for up-to-date emergency announcements: http://www.ct.gov/demhs/site/default.asp. Follow all local emergency alerts. Please be safe, smart, and careful today. Check on neighbors & loved ones to make sure everyone gets through this storm safely.
Be prepared for the approaching blizzard. Check out the CT Emergency Services website for up-to-date emergency announcements: http://www.ct.gov/demhs/site/default.asp. Follow all local emergency alerts. Please be safe, smart, and careful today. Check on neighbors & loved ones to make sure everyone gets through this storm safely.
Women’s rights are human rights and fighting to guarantee and protect human rights has always been one of my top priorities.  It is hard to understand why some of my colleagues have opposed the reauthorization of legislation with the goal of curbing domestic violence. Domestic abuse is not a Democratic issue or a Republican issue.  To some of my colleagues and others who opposed reauthorizing VAWA because it would extend protections to certain groups or categories, I want to remind them just how successful the VAWA has been.  Since initial passage in 1994, there has been a 51 percent increase in the reporting of domestic and sexual assaults on women. There has also been a 34 percent reduction in the number of women killed by a partner.  From 1994 to 2000, the VAWA saved American taxpayers more than $14 million.
Friday Feb. 8th at 11 am join Senator Cardin for a town hall discussion about  sequestration, the federal workforce and how it could potentially impact us all.
I continue to work with my colleagues in Delaware and PA to urge the Army Corps to complete work to dredge the Delaware River to 45 feet. Deepening the river will encourage larger ships to dock in Delaware, boosting both imports and exports. This project will help create jobs in Delaware and grow our regional economy.
Thanks to Pratt & Whitney for the tour, your Middletown plant is a testament to the quality workforce here in PA.
During Joe’s “I Work for You” tour, Indiana job creators told Sen. Donnelly that they wanted to hire, but there are not enough workers with the training they need. In our state, we need to close the skills gap and get hard-working Hoosiers back on the job. As Senator, Joe will fight to prioritize top-of-the-line training and educational programs that are in high demand from the industry. “Share” this post with your friends on Facebook if you are for common sense legislation and better job opportunities for Hoosiers.
The Río Grande del Norte is home to a great deal of New Mexico’s history and culture. These lands are also important to residents and visitors who come for the recreation opportunities, like hunting and fishing, and who bring a lot of resources into New Mexico’s economy. I am proud to work with my colleagues on this initiative, especially with former Senator Jeff Bingaman, who championed this cause. We will continue his efforts to preserve these lands for future generations.
I am able to bring one guest to the State of the Union and I have made my selection! Stay tuned for more information about this impressive individual.
Talked education issues with Dakota Draper of the North Dakota Education Association and Alicia Bata of the National Education Association
Discussed Postal Service reform and Farm Bill with Prairie Public Radio this afternoon. Working extensively on both issues for North Dakota.
Great news for North Dakota energy! Helping get this done is an important priority for me.
Good website for updates and resources to help prepare for the snow storm. Stay safe.
When people lose power during blizzards or other strong storms, they often turn to portable generators as a reliable stopgap measure until power is restored. Unfortunately, if used improperly, these portable generators can result in potentially deadly Carbon Monoxide exposure. Throughout this winter storm season, it is important to know your risks and take appropriate measures to stay safe.
Senator Shaheen is encouraging all New Hampshire residents to take necessary  precautions in preparation of tonight's snow and make sure they stay safe.
Senator Shaheen announced today that Derry native and Army Veteran David Taylor will be her guest of honor at Tuesday's State of the Union address in Washington. Taylor, an U.S. Army Specialist and former Derry Fire Explorer, was wounded by an improvised explosive device while serving on his third tour of duty in Afghanistan in 2011. Senator Shaheen is pictured here with David and his mother, Kim Porter, at the Derry VFW Memorial Day Parade in May 2012. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/WTVuz1
With snow on it's way, make sure to take necessary precautions and stay safe.
Congratulations to Broadwater High School's Kenny Hoeffner on being accepted to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.  I was proud to nominate him.  His dedication to serving his country makes all Montanans proud.
Spoke with about a hundred women business owners and entrepreneurs in Leesburg this morning. Great to get out of DC and meet with Virginians!
NA
