Tammy wants to focus on revenue and spending issues for the current fiscal year in upcoming House-Senate budget conference committee talks, saying, “I just can’t imagine an appetite to get into another shutdown.”
Tune in LIVE at 10AM to watch my Senate Field Hearing on the Metro-North Railroad & Con Edison power failure.   http://bit.ly/BlumeLive
WASHINGTON –U.S. Senators Ben Cardin, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Lt. Governor Anthony G. Brown  today announced that the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development  (HUD) will award $19 million in federal funding through the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program to Maryland communities hardest-hit by Super-Storm Sandy. These funds follow a previous award of $8.6 million in CDBG funding included in the Super-Storm #Sandy Supplemental Appropriations bill passed by the Senate in January.     “Much needed federal assistance has arrived for the families and businesses that are still rebuilding long after Hurricane Sandy. We have not and will not forget about their struggles," said Senator Cardin. "These additional Community Development Block Grants from HUD will help bridge the distance to making the region whole again. I will continue to work with all appropriate federal agencies to ensure that funds reach the people and neighborhoods most in need.”     The State of #Maryland will be required to develop and submit an action plan to HUD. This plan must describe the needs, strategies and planned uses of the funds. HUD will review and approve the action plans to ensure that funds will flow to areas of greatest need within the state. CDBG disaster funds are flexible aid for states and localities that can be used to address severely damaged housing, infrastructure, and assist with economic development in areas impacted by Sandy.     CDBG disaster funds are flexible aid for states and localities that can be used to address severely damaged housing, infrastructure, and assist with economic development in areas impacted by Sandy. With this most recent announcement, Maryland communities will have received more than $73.5 million in federal funds related to Super-Storm Sandy. This includes $33.2 million in federal individual and public assistance through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), $27.6 million in CDBG funding through HUD, and $12.5 million through the Department of the Interior to mitigate future storm damage for shore communities.
The Affordable Care Act has helped more than 7.1 million seniors and people with disabilities save $8.3 billion on their prescription drugs thanks to new regulations that close the “prescription drug donut hole”.   In the first 9 months of 2013, nearly 14,000 Delawareans have saved over $13 million at an average of $952 per person.  What would an extra $1,000 mean to you in 2013? Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1dEJiPn
Our last job fair of the year with Brandywine Counseling & Community Services is next Monday, Nov. 4! Please share this with your friends and neighbors.  Senator Tom Carper Congressman John Carney
There could be a vote as early as next week in the Senate on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. I am proud to cosponsor this bill because discrimination is unacceptable and has no place in the workplace. The LGBT community in New Mexico and across the country shouldn't fear harassment at work, or risk losing their jobs simply because of who they are or who they love.
Glad that Gary and Jean Klubberud, from Fargo, were able to stop by my DC office today and say hello.  I always enjoy spending time with North Dakotans.
At my Twitter town hall on Thursday, October 31 at 11:15am CT I will be answering North Dakotan’s questions about the Farm Bill.  I understand how critical a comprehensive and long-term bill are for North Dakota and I am looking forward to the opportunity to discuss the parts of it that are most important to you.  Questions can be submitted now by including your hometown and #AskHeidiH.
A year ago, we looked out our windows in New Jersey and saw a storm entering our lives that would impact our state forever. 
 
 The storm was extraordinary, but it should make us all proud that we came together as a community to help each other.
 
 As we reflect on this one-year anniversary, take a look at some of the before/after photos that show how far we’ve come: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/sandy1year
Today Team Maryland marked the 1-year anniversary of Super Storm Sandy by announcing $19 million in federal Community Development Block Grant funds to help communities recover and rebuild businesses and homes, lives and livelihoods. Those hit hardest by this destructive storm will never be forgotten, left out or left behind – they must know they have a government on their side.
Earlier this year I visited Crisfield to see first-hand the destruction of Super-Storm Sandy and the recovery underway. I promised residents of the Eastern Shore that I would continue to fight for communities struggling to rebuild. Today’s announcement demonstrates that promises made are promises kept.
I've joined with Senators Coons, Gillibrand, Donnelly, Pryor and others in a national effort to re-focus the conversation on breaking through the gridlock and creating manufacturing jobs here at home. Will you add your name to ours? 
 
 http://www.chrismurphy.com/manufacturing
#Missouri native and heroic veteran Lance Thornton is heading to Bangkok this week to compete as one of only 15 U.S. archers. This Purple Heart and Bronze Star with Valor recipient overcame incredible obstacles to compete against other world class archers. Wish him luck as he heads to Bangkok! 
 
 Read his incredible story in the Springfield News-Leader, here: http://www.news-leader.com/article/20131028/NEWS01/310280033/Lance-Thornton-Iraq-veteran-prosthetic-arm-bowhunting?sf18824355=1
Great news! My bill to end LGBT employment discrimination is coming to the Senate floor in the coming weeks. People should be judged at work on their ability to do the job, period.
MUST READ STORY from The New York Times on the recent announcement by the F.D.A. on rescheduling hydrocodone. 
Was glad to sit down for an interview with C-SPAN to tell the story of my life and career in the great state of West Virginia.  ICYMI: http://www.c-spanvideo.org/program/315554-1
The Senate will soon take up the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which would provide basic protections against workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. 
 
 We have to tried to pass it before, and it has failed. We will try again, and we're hopeful it will finally succeed this time.
 NPR's Scott Horsley factchecked our frequent use of my favorite Winston Churchill quote. Turns out -- I'm guilty of what's called #ChurchillianDrift. But as I told Scott -- if Churchill didn't say it, he should have!
