Tune in tomorrow from 9-10am as Sen. Blumenthal joins Washington Post Live for their "All Things Connected" Forum.  "Cars, clothes, thermostats, medical devices, even our pets — all of the things we interact with each day are increasingly connected to one another, allowing the exchange of real-time information and enabling machines to predict what we’ll need next.”  You can watch the live stream here: http://wapo.st/1d0nVJn
Great interview with Sen. Blumenthal by Dennis House on Face The State.   Watch here: http://www.wfsb.com/category/213663/face-the-state
Had a great time visiting Frederick High School today. Frederick County Public Schools are ahead of many other schools systems in the country in equipping students with the skills they need to find high quality, fulfilling jobs and keep our economy growing.  Fostering a love of STEM in our young people today means that we will have a generation of problem solvers and innovators ready to take on the challenges of tomorrow.   Those future problem solvers and innovators wanted a "selfie".
I’m very glad to see Dover’s own Kirby & Holloway Family Restaurant is making progress with its rebuild. I’m glad that they’re working hard to return and I can’t wait to sit down for a meal there soon.
I want to thank Senators Reid and McConnell for signing on to the ABLE Act. Having their support is critical to getting this legislation passed, and I’m hopeful that we’ll do just that in the coming months. The ABLE Act now has support from a strong majority in both parties because it is a commonsense approach that will help families of children with disabilities save and pay for their long term care. Passing the ABLE Act will help give these families peace of mind in knowing that they can better save for their loved ones.
This grant has the potential to improve Philadelphia’s economy and help to transform this neighborhood. I’ve weighed in with U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development about Philadelphia’s strong application and am hopeful that it will be selected. Transforming our neighborhoods is the first step towards a growing economy and job creation.
Congrats to the Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum in Chicago, IL for being selected by the Institute of Museum and Library Sciences as a finalist for the National Medal for Museum and Library Service, the highest honor granted to museums.
Today I announced my new bill to support a realistic path forward for coal – a resource which provides almost 80 percent North Dakota’s electricity and provides good jobs. I’m committed to making sure this affordable, abundant energy source is available for North Dakotans for decades to come. I have a long history with coal going back to my time working for 12 years at Dakota Gasification. Since joining the Senate, that story has only continued from visiting the clean coal plant at SaskPower in Canada, to bringing the EPA Administrator to North Dakota to talk about the importance of coal, to hosting a symposium in Washington on clean coal technology. My bill brings together ideas and lessons from all of these experiences and offers a pragmatic solution to put coal on a sustainable path forward. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ca053159-28f7-4352-8aa9-8fc4d6b6d8c5
Today I met with creators and cast members from the new AMC series "TURN," who have been busy filming the Revolutionary War-era spy thriller in and around Richmond over the past year. The film industry has chosen Virginia as the backdrop for many movies - eight Oscar winners to date - and TV series, creating thousands of jobs and generating millions of dollars in revenue for the Commonwealth. Looking forward to seeing familiar spots in Richmond, Petersburg and Hanover County when the show premieres April 6.
Today with Team Maryland we're standing behind Prince George’s County as the new home for a consolidated FBI headquarters. Prince George's is a high-tech turbo county that meets the needs for a 21st Century FBI. We are FBI-M - Fully Behind in Maryland for FBI!  #FBI2MD
Congratulations to Pi Pizzeria in St. Louis for being recognized in the President's weekly address for their decision to raise employee wages, because as the President said, it's "not out of charity, but because it’s good for business." 
Extremely disappointed that our country’s highest court declined to hear such a monumental case.   http://1.usa.gov/1hV3CdP 
From reclassifying hydrocodone controlled substances to banning Zohydro from the marketplace, I will continue to do everything I can to help curb the prescription drug abuse epidemic in West Virginia and across this great nation.  Read this week's Message from the Hill to the Mountains:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=149a83ef-b37d-4dc9-888b-f969b845d5bd
NA
Congrats to Mike Reppucci and the team at Sons of Liberty Spirits Co. craft distillery for earning the title “World’s Best” flavored whiskey for their seasonal Pumpkin Spice Whiskey at the World Whiskies Awards.   It is great to see Rhode Island made products and local businesses being recognized for excellence on the world stage. Cheers!  http://www.providencejournal.com/features/food/content/20140324-local-rhode-island-whiskey-wins-world-s-best-award-in-london.ece
In light of clear-cut Russian aggression against Ukraine, it’s difficult to believe that Republicans are blocking the Senate from taking action. But they are.  Republicans objected to moving forward with an aid package for Ukraine and sanctions against Russia. Republicans are demanding Democrats agree to allow an amendment allowing the Kochs and billionaires like them to continue to anonymously spend millions trying to buy America’s democracy.  It’s hard to believe. But that’s the truth.  I applaud Senators John McCain and Bob Corker for their impassioned defense of this bill. I am confident this legislation will receive the strong, bipartisan support that it deserves. 
Senator Shaheen will be hosting another telephone town hall on Wednesday, March 26th at 6:00 p.m. To receive a call to participate, sign up here before 6:00 p.m. tomorrow: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/teletownhall/ 
NA
NA
Rhode Island seniors are a vital part of our communities.  And by providing a hot meal and a friendly visit, Meals on Wheels of Rhode Island reminds them how much we care.  I was glad to join Meals on Wheels in Warwick today as they provide a great service to our seniors.
Registration is filling up fast for the 2014 Virginia Young Professionals Summit! Sign up here: http://warner.senate.gov/ypsummit   #VAYPS2014
Ukraine has long been considered an international haven for hackers, and last year’s massive data breach affecting millions of U.S. customers of Target and other leading American retailers has been traced to cyber-crime syndicates operating in Ukraine. If we’re going to help Ukraine, Ukraine needs to step up and work with our law enforcement officials to go after these cyber-criminals.
