NA
NA
Senator Donnelly applauds U.S. Department of Agriculture announcement of Value-Added Producer Grants to Hoosiers.
Congratulations to Crown Point’s Tom Bettenhausen for being awarded the “Stars of Life” award by the American Ambulance Association. This award recognizes individuals who go above and beyond the normal call of duty for first responders. Share this good news with your friends, and let’s continue to celebrate accomplishment by all Hoosiers across the state.
I was briefed today by U.S. Border Patrol officers along the U.S. side of the border with Mexico.
Bishop Emeritus Ricardo Ramirez and I listen to community leaders discuss immigration reform at an event in Las Cruces sponsored by New Mexico Comunidades en Acción y de Fé (CAFé).
Tonight I told a crowded room of more than 500 people in Las Cruces that I will continue to fight for immigration reform in the U.S. Senate.
More than 500 community members attended tonight's immigration reform meeting in Las Cruces.
North Dakota National Guard unit receives major Army award. Way to go! North Dakotans are proud of you.
ICYMI: My op-ed in the Dickinson Press.  Important to remember: despite ND's $, many North Dakotans living in poverty.
Just left Virginia Bio’s 20th anniversary celebration in Charlottesville. Biotechnology and bioscience are important fields for Virginia's economic future.
Just finished an economic development tour in Waynesboro where I spoke with local business owners like Kevin Little about how we can help them grow & thrive
Just spoke with women business leaders in Harrisonburg about the Marketplace Fairness Act, VA backlog & other critical issues impacting Virginians
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
Let’s stop feeding the Big 5 oil companies’ greed! 
 
 Check out the inflated first quarter profits below and read my release about this: http://1.usa.gov/YpwXIp
Claire’s launching a new online tool where you can report a scam you’ve encountered in advertising and sales. Go to www.McCaskill.senate.gov to find the “Submit Your Scam” button on the homepage. This will allow you as a consumer to submit personal stories confidentially to help Claire-recently named Chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on Consumer Protection-to crack down on scams and protect consumers. 
 
 Claire was in Springfield yesterday to debut the new feature. Read more about it here: http://ksmu.org/article/mccaskill-launches-scam-reporting-tool-59331
NA
On this National Day of Prayer, I join all West Virginians of all religions in offering special prayers for America and for our troops. God bless.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 49 – Cabell County  Fact: Home to Marshall University, which is named for John Marshall, 4th Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court  www.marshall.edu  Recommendation: Started in 1985, the West Virginia Pumpkin Festival is a must for visitors and residents alike.  http://www.wvpumpkinpark.com/
A historic day for Rhode Island as we become 10th state to sign Marriage Equality into law.
Congratulations to 4th grader Katie Hennan of Raymond C. LaPerche Elementary School for representing Rhode Island in the Google.com Doodle4Google competition.  Help Katie take home the grand prize and support the arts in schools.  Vote for Katie’s artwork here: http://bit.ly/jFl7YI
In honor of tomorrow’s 10th anniversary of the loss of the Old Man on the Mountain, we remember the timeless words of Daniel Webster:   “Men hang out their signs indicative of their respective trades; shoe makers hang out a gigantic shoe; jewelers a monster watch, and the dentist hangs out a gold tooth; but up in the Mountains of New Hampshire, God Almighty has hung out a sign to show that there he makes men." – Daniel Webster
Congratulations to Good Leads business development firm in Salem, named the Small Business Exporter of the Year for New Hampshire and New England. Promoting exports, particularly when it comes to small businesses in New Hampshire, is a tremendous tool for creating jobs and spurring our economic growth, and that is a goal we can all rally around!
The Senator answered questions on his office operations, sequestration, and Medicare.
Senator Schatz spoke to a full house at the Ko'olau Senior Hui about protecting the benefits our seniors have earned.
Mahalo to Danny Akaka for a beautiful office blessing in Honolulu this afternoon. -BES
There have been a lot of stories in the press lately about Chained CPI and how it would cut benefits for seniors living on Social Security. Today, I went to the South Kingstown Senior Center in Rhode Island to talk with constituents and to let them know that I will do everything in my power to fight Chained CPI and protect the Social Security benefits they've earned.
