Happy Statehood Day, Wisconsin! Here's to 165 years and forward.
Tammy is working to make sure that your student loan rates don’t double. We need to stand up for people like Mike, from Couderay. Mike has worked continuously since earning his master’s degree in 1998, but has found only low-paying jobs that don’t allow him to make a dent in his loan debt. We want to hear your student loan story.  Share it here:
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski(both D-Md.) today announced $1.24 million in federal grants through U.S. Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to provide permanent homes for homeless veterans in Maryland. The Housing Authority of Baltimore City will receive $744,586, Housing Opportunity Commission of Montgomery County will receive $196,835 and Housing Authority of Prince George’s County will receive $301,182.
  
 
 “The men and women who have served in our nation’s military have made enormous sacrifices in defense of our democracy and freedoms,” said Senator Cardin. “Now it is our turn to provide them with the support they need, and that includes making sure they have a place they can call home.  We need to do all we can to thank them for their service by easing the transition from military to civilian life.”
 
 “I believe our support for our military in the field must be matched by support for our veterans at home,” Senator Mikulski said. “Promises made to veterans must be promises kept. These federal dollars will help our vets find homes. The nation owes a debt of gratitude to our men and women in uniform, these grants will show that gratitude not just with words, but with deeds.”
 The supportive housing assistance is provided through the HUD – Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) Program, which combines rental assistance from HUD with case management and clinical services provided by VA. Since 2008, a total of 48,385 vouchers have been awarded and 42,557 formerly homeless veterans are currently in homes because of HUD-VASH. 
 
  
 HUD-VASH is a critical part of the Obama Administration’s commitment to end Veteran and long-term chronic homelessness in 2015.  Opening Doors: Federal Strategic Plan to Prevent and End Homelessness serves as a roadmap for how the federal government will work with state and local communities to confront the root causes of homelessness, especially among former servicemen and women. HUD’s annual “point in time” estimate of the number of homeless persons and families for 2012 found that Veteran homelessness fell by 7.2 percent (or 4,876 people) since January 2011 and by 17.2 percent since January 2009.  On a single night in January 2012, 62,619 veterans were homeless.
 
  
 
 The grants announced today are part of $75 million appropriated this year to support the housing needs of homeless veterans.  Local public housing authorities provide rental assistance to homeless Veterans while nearby VA Medical Centers (VAMC) offer supportive services and case management.  This is the first round of the 2013 HUD-VASH funding.  HUD expects to announce more HUD-VASH funding this summer.
 
  
 
 VAMCs work closely with homeless Veterans then refer them to public housing agencies for these vouchers, based upon a variety of factors, most importantly the duration of the homelessness and the need for longer term more intensive support to obtain and maintain permanent housing.  The HUD-VASH program includes both the rental assistance the voucher provides and the comprehensive case management that VAMC staff provides.
 
  
 
 Veterans participating in the HUD-VASH program rent privately owned housing and generally contribute no more than 30 percent of their income toward rent.  VA offers eligible homeless Veterans clinical and supportive services through its medical centers across the U.S., Guam and Puerto Rico. 
 
 
 U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski
I was so happy to be able to connect Discover Card with Dover Air Force Base for Discover's Military Work at Home program. Here, we celebrated these military spouses who graduated from Discover's program and are now trained to work from anywhere they go around the country.
"I'm in Indy today, and I was asked what time it is. I said, 'It's time to Beat the Heat.'" -Joe
I had a great opportunity to meet with DREAMers and parents from El Centro de Igualdad y Derechos today. As the son of an immigrant, I understand how important immigration reform is for families across New Mexico.
At the Minot Fire Department with Fire Chief CJ Craven talking about our hard working North Dakota first responders.
A much-needed boost of federal funding to help Minot revitalize its downtown after the disastrous 2011 floods
Headed to Minot today for meetings and to make an important announcement regarding the city's flood recovery.
Senator Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, travels to Jordan and Israel.
Learning the history of Prospect from CT's longest serving mayor to kick off my #169in169 Tour
In Stamford to hear about federal priorities for the city. Very cool to check out NBC Sports too
We owe it to the people who ride the rails every day to invest in the system and to make sure disasters don't happen
Checking out the construction site for the new arts center in West Haven
Hosted my second Politics and Pancakes breakfast this morning in West Haven, and honored some young students for their public service
ICYMI: Claire was in Kansas City yesterday asking for your help to crack down on scam artists. If you have a scam you think Claire should investigate, visit her website at McCaskill.senate.gov to “Submit Your Scam.”
This ruling that allows Patriot Coal to ignore its collective bargaining agreement with the United Mine Workers of America is a travesty. It is wrong that Peabody can set up a company such as Patriot, fill that company with its liabilities and then spin that company off for the sole purpose of avoiding its contractual and moral obligations to its workers. I don’t think bankruptcy laws were ever designed to shield corporations from their promises and responsibilities. I will continue to fight for fairness in the bankruptcy system.  http://1.usa.gov/10IEA8F
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 22 - Lewis County  Fact: The boyhood home of Civil War General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson  Recommendation: West Virginia has a long and proud history of glassmaking. If you are in Weston, make sure to visit the Museum of American Glass. http://www.magwv.com/
“This funding is good news for veterans in the Granite State and a boost to our ongoing efforts to make sure our veterans have stable housing and a roof over their heads. Our nation owes a deep debt to all servicemembers who have answered the call of duty, and we have a responsibility to provide the resources and services to ensure their needs are met." - JS
Yesterday the Senator recorded a great interview with KAOI radio on Maui. It airs today at 1 pm. Share this post to let your friends and family on Maui know to listen in!
Great visit to Kaunoa Kahului this morning! 70 seniors came to meet and discuss Social Security and Medicare with the Senator.
LIKE this post if you agree that a border fee is a bad idea for Montana's economy.
From Richmond Times-Dispatch: "Recent days have seen welcome moves by Virginia’s congressional delegation. Members of both parties share the credit."
