We’re thinking of those affected by the tornado in Oklahoma. Do you want to help those in need? Here is information:
Glad to hear Ken is doing well. Best wishes to him and his family.
*****Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife, will hold a hearing to gain a national perspective on the effectiveness of nutrient trading as a water quality improvement approach.  The Committee will examine ongoing nutrient trading programs and explore the standards needed for effective and environmentally sound nutrient trading programs.    Panel I:  •	Mr. Michael H. Shapiro, Deputy Assistant Administrator for the Office of Water,  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  Panel II:  •	Dr. Beth McGee, Senior Water Quality Scientist, Chesapeake Bay Foundation  •	Mr. George Hawkins, General Manager, DC Water   •	Dr. Marty Matlock, Professor, Department of Biological and Agricultural Engineering, Area Director, Center for Agricultural and Rural Sustainability, University of Arkansas  •	Ms. Susan Bodine, Partner, Barnes & Thornburg LLP
I stopped by the new Ellendale Volunteer Fire Company Station #2 in Lincoln. Del. last week to see how these hard working volunteers protect these growing communities in Sussex County.
Pennsylvanians and Americans across the country deserve to know that the IRS and all government agencies do their jobs without prejudice or political agenda. I intend to hold accountable those responsible for any breach of the taxpayer’s trust. Today, as a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I directly questioned top IRS officials about what took place, who was responsible and what steps are being taken to ensure this never happens again. It is apparent that there were stunning issues of mismanagement at the IRS. Frankly, I was struck by the lack of responsibility and contrition on the part of those testifying today before the Committee. I intend to work with Chairman Baucus and members the Committee on both sides of the aisle to ensure that the American people get the answers they deserve and every appropriate step is taken to rebuild and restore public confidence in this institution.
Please visit fema.gov to learn how you can help those affected by the Oklahoma tornadoes.
I joined USAID Administrator Shah today to announce a new and ambitious water strategy based on Water for the World Act. With coordinated, global action and U.S. leadership, we can change the conditions that keep billions of people imprisoned in poverty. Thanks and congratulations to my partners in this effort and champions of water issues: U.S. Senator Chris Coons, Senator Bob Corker, Senator Johnny Isakson, Representative Earl Blumenauer, and Representative Ted Poe.
The way to douse the flames of global poverty, disease and conflict is not more fire, it is clean water.
Today, the Senate Finance Committee held a hearing to question IRS officials about the extremely troubling and absolutely unacceptable report that the IRS targeted conservative groups seeking nonprofit status.  I support my colleagues on the committee as they investigate this issue, and I look forward to hearing the results of the FBI’s investigation.  Those responsible must be held accountable, and this must not happen again.  -Joe
Hoosiers, you can support victims of the Moore, Oklahoma tornadoes. Visit www.redcross.org to find out how.
Senator Donnelly and Senator John Boozman introduced legislation that would allow for the creation of a Gulf War Memorial in Washington, D.C.  Over 60,000 Hoosiers served in Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield, and Joe thinks we should demonstrate our appreciation for their bravery and sacrifice.
Today, Senator Donnelly moved into his office located in the Senate Hart Building. So next time you’re in the District, make sure to stop by, say hi, and let Joe show you some Hoosier Hospitality.  To arrange a tour of the Capitol, go to http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/visiting.
Californian Sally Ride, the first female astronaut, will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. She was a hero and a role model to young women.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families in Oklahoma devastated by yesterday’s tornado.
Why do I stick up for North Dakota sugar producers vs special interests? Watch:
Just about to go on the Senate floor to discuss North Dakota sugar producers. Watch here: http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=13
Check out  Chairwoman Stabenow's op-ed in The Hill re the need to finish America's Farm Bill.
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Oklahoma. We will do all we can to support your recovery.
NA
Rep. Duckworth and I spoke with nearly 80 veterans and business leaders about my first bill, the Troop Talent Act
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Monday took the Senate Floor as the Senate began debate on a new five-year Farm Bill, which includes a new dairy program and other measures of particular importance to Vermont.
The recent IRS action is appalling, but so is the fact that Karl Rove boasted of using tax-exempt status to dump big money in last election.   We have two tax abuse issues that need to be examined here.
My thoughts & prayers are with the people of Oklahoma whose families and homes were devastated by yesterday's storms. So thankful for dedicated 1st responders on the ground. In a time of great disaster, the American people are united for those seeking to recover lives & property.
Welcome news for commuters: http://www.ct.gov/dot/cwp/view.asp?A=1373&Q=525114 …. Great work by ConnDOT
Breakfast.
So today I started a week of living on $4.80 of food a day, which is the average food stamp benefit for Connecticut SNAP recipients.  I'm doing this because this week we will be starting debate on the Farm Bill in the Senate, and the initial version of the bill includes a $4 billion cut to nutrition programs, which could mean that Connecticut families in need have even less than $5 a day with which to eat.  Too often, programs like food stamps are just stereotyped as handouts and giveaways to undeserving scofflaws.  The truth of the food stamp program is this: it barely provides enough to keep the hunger pangs away for half the day, and the vast majority of people who use the program only need it temporarily.  I'm not even one day through the challenge, and it's hard to figure out how someone eats on this little money.  I was on the road all day today, so the only place I could eat was at the airport.  Thank goodness I found a bagel for $1.11, or I could have exhausted my whole day's budget on one meal (unfortunately, I couldn't afford butter or cream cheese, so I ate a very satisfying dry bagel).  Now, I'm off to the grocery store to buy food for the week.  The little grocery store in my neighborhood has outrageously high prices, so I need to go to a bigger discount store. I don't have a car in Washington, so I've bummed a ride from someone.  It makes me think how hard it is to find cheap food if you don't have a car.  And if it's this big of a problem in the middle of a big city, imagine how bad it is other places.  Anyway, I'll be updating my Facebook page all week with observations from my week on a food stamp budget.  I have $3.69 left to spend today.
Today, Claire today led a Senate hearing focused on legislation that would ban car rental companies from renting out or selling vehicles that are under manufacturer recall. The Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2013 was introduced last week by Claire and Senators  Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.),  Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), and Senator Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.).  The bill was named after two sisters who were killed in 2004 while driving a rental car that had been recalled for a power-steering hose defect but had not been repaired.
West Virginians have always answered the call to help one another in times of tragedy, and as Mountaineers, the members of the WVU baseball team have been tremendous representatives of West Virginia University and our great state. These men have been working to provide clothing, supplies and relief to those who lost everything. They displayed true character and I am incredibly proud of them. As Oklahomans continue their rescue and recovery efforts, Gayle and I, along with all West Virginians, pray for all of those who have been affected by this horrible disaster.  http://1.usa.gov/17ZYAuS
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 30 - Mason County   Fact: This is where the Ohio and Kanawha rivers meet.  Recommendation: Take a day trip to Point Pleasant to see Point Pleasant Riverfront Park and floodwall murals, the Mothman Museum and statue, Point Pleasant River Museum and other interesting sites.
Today marks the 100-year anniversary of New Hampshire's First-in-the-Nation Presidential Primary. Over the last century, our primary has played a critical role in paving the road to the White House and has made the Granite State one of the most politically important states in the country. The primary’s success is a testament to the incredible grassroots activism and civic engagement of New Hampshire citizens. We are proud to celebrate today and are looking forward to the next 100 years!
The crisis of sexual assault in our military is not just a numbers game: these are real stories with human faces. Thank you to Judy Atwood-Bell of Hudson for raising her voice on this issue and letting victims of sexual abuse know that they are not alone.
Via The Huffington Post - The findings come in response to a letter Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) sent to all the IGs in early April, inquiring about the effect sequestration will have on their work. Shaheen has been working to empower IGs and make sure that the government is being held accountable for the taxpayer dollars it spends.
Inspectors General are government watchdogs that save taxpayer money and hold government officials accountable.  Today I told them they are needed now more than ever.  Read more about my speech here: http://1.usa.gov/13IYxAj
Very proud of New Mexico disaster assistance groups, volunteers and medical professionals heading to Moore, OK to help with the tornado recovery efforts. As our neighbors struggle to grasp the extend of the damage, our thoughts are with them, our prayers are with them, and we stand ready to help in any way we can.
Introduced a bill today with Rob Wittman that would bring increased accountability measures and a more collaborative management approach to Chesapeake Bay restoration efforts. The Bay is a national treasure that is central to the culture and the economy of many coastal communities in Virginia and neighboring states. In order to be successful in our efforts to improve its health, the different agencies and groups who share concerns about the Bay must do a better job of coordinating their efforts,
I'm proud to introduce the bipartisan DATA Act today with Rob Portman. This legislation will improve and expand federal fiscal accountability, and it's an example of how Washington is supposed to work - across the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol.
As we hear more about the Oklahoma tornado, my already deep respect for our school teachers grows even more.
