Is the Supreme Court’s majority living in the 19th century or the 21st century? While I am relieved that the Hobby Lobby ruling was narrow, I still cannot understand how the Court's majority could put the ideology of closely held corporations above the health and religious freedom of thousands and thousands of their female employees. We must act immediately to remedy this injustice, and my colleagues and I are already working to do just that.
NA
#AreYouReady?
My heart is breaking for the families of Eyal Yifrach, Gilad Shaar and Naftali Fraenkel who received news of the tragic end to the kidnapping of their sons. My thoughts and prayers are with these families, and the #Israeli people. Innocent children should never be made targets for violent agendas.
NA
As CNN reports, the Highway Trust Fund crisis is having real impact around the country as projects slow with fewer federal reimbursements. We in Congress, need to act soon to avoid a complete transportation shutdown. 
What a great day to welcome the National Guard members of the  150th Engineer Company home after nearly a year in Afghanistan and just in time to celebrate the 4th with their families! Thank you for your service to our country.
Good luck to U.S. Soccer as they take on Belgium in the round of 16! #IBelieve #USMNT #USA vs #BEL
"A woman’s choice in birth control should be between her and her doctor, and the religious beliefs of the woman’s boss should have no role in it."
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Indianapolis International Airport has been named the Best Airport in North America for the second year in a row.
Check out this video from the U.S. Men’s National Team telling the story of Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley. Good luck to Beasley and the rest of #USMNT in today’s match against Belgium in the #WorldCup. #USA #OneNationOneTeam
Discussing how we can help servicemembers, veterans and their families with financial protection challenges with Holly Petraeus, Attorney General Greg Zoeller and community organizations and veterans at IUPUI.
Meeting with Holly Petraeus of the Office of Servicemember Affairs at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller and Indiana Guardsman leaders in Indianapolis to discuss financial protections and efforts to protect Hoosier veterans and servicemembers from predatory practices.
The opening of the new post office in Williston today is an important step forward for helping those in rural areas get mail and packages on time. But have no doubt that I will continue to press the Postal Service to make sure the improvements only continue so all North Dakotans will know their mail will arrive when it’s supposed to and they will have access to mail services. 
The Export-Import Bank, an independent federal government agency, has supported $97 million in exports from North Dakota since 2007, helping small businesses grow, expand, and hire more American workers, and supporting the economies in communities across North Dakota and the U.S. Today, joined by Amity Technology, a North Dakota business that has sold more than $4 million worth of exports through support from the U.S. Export-Import Bank, I reinforced that Congress should reauthorize the proven job-creating agency, which levels the playing field for our companies abroad and doesn’t cost taxpayers anything. In March, Export-Import Bank Chairman Fred Hochberg came to Fargo to see firsthand the impact the Bank has had in North Dakota. Now is the time to support a program that has a proven record of boosting our economy and providing good-paying jobs. 
I’m leading an effort to locate the new National Agricultural Genomics Center in Fargo on the North Dakota State University campus.  NDSU is an ideal location for the facility thanks to its broad research expertise, colocation with the well-respected USDA’s Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center, 14 public crop-breeding programs and a new advanced greenhouse. The potential here for innovation is tremendous and I look forward to working with the Association to make sure North Dakota remains the national leader in agriculture well into the future. 
I'm very passionate about career and technical education and I'm committed to raising the profile of #CTE programs in Virginia and across the country. In Fisherville today, I announced the Educating Tomorrow's Workforce Act, which improves the Perkins Career and Technical Education Act by raising the quality of programs and allowing states and localities to fund CTE academies like the Governor’s Academies we established in Virginia. Learn more about my new #CTE bill here:
I’m so glad Governor of Virginia Terry McAuliffe has revived the Climate Change Commission that was disbanded when I left office. We can ignore this problem, but it won’t ignore us.
Like and Share to show support for the U.S. Soccer team in their game against Belgium! #OneNationOneTeam  #USAvBEL
ICYMI: Watch this summary of yesterday's bipartisan forum on sea level rise in Norfolk
Vote TODAY for Ellicott City as Parade Magazine’s Best Main Street in America! Ellicott City small businesses are the backbone of the community – creating jobs and bringing in tourists and families who shop, eat & live here. Let’s support Howard Co. families and businesses. 
Today's Hobby Lobby decision represents an unprecedented power grab by the Supreme Court from Congress. The immediate outrageous effect is that women will now have decisions about their health care made by their bosses. The long term effect is the slow stamping out of representative democracy by five unelected men on the Supreme Court.   Justice Ginsburg is right – this is a dangerous precedent that could be used by other religiously oriented businesses that object to other critical treatments. What will a future Court decide when another company objects to vaccinations, life-saving blood transfusions, or prenatal care for unmarried women? Simply put, businesses shouldn’t be allowed to impose their religious beliefs on their employees and women should be trusted to make decisions about their health in conjunction with their doctors, not their bosses.
We're ready, are you? By the looks of it, Kansas City Power & Light District is ready again today too! #OneNationOneTeam #WorldCup #USMNT
"Too many of our economic policies are stuck in the 1950s."  Today Jeff joined working moms and dads and child care professionals in Eugene to call for a series of measures to take on economic issues that impact women in the workforce and help working parents support their families. Read more here: 
Helped kick off the Providence Summer Meals Program today with Angel Taveras, USDA Under Secretary for Food & Nutrition Kevin Concannon, former Patriots tight end Jermaine Wiggins, and a host of community partners.  Kids should enjoy their summer vacation, but we don’t want them taking a break from good nutrition.  This program brings children together in a positive environment, gives them a chance to get a nutritious meal, and keeps people working throughout the summer.  I am proud to support federal funding for the Summer Food Service Program.  It is a smart investment in the health of our communities, and will offer more than 312,000 free, nutritious meals this summer to students in need thanks to the combined efforts of federal, state, and local governments along with non-profits and local businesses.  Rhode Islanders wishing to learn more about the program should call the National Hunger Hotline toll free at 1-866-3-HUNGRY or visit: https://www.ride.ri.gov/cnp/NutritionPrograms/SummerFoodServiceProgram.aspx
My thoughts and prayers are with the family and loved ones of each of these young men - Eyal Yifrah, Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frenkel – who were taken from us far too soon. After these young men first went missing, their photos surfaced, and I know so many of us saw a little bit of our own children in each of them. To think that such a callous act could be done to these innocent young men is unconscionable. May their memory be a blessing.   It’s quite clear this was done by Hamas, and the Palestinian Authority made a terrible mistake by linking up with terrorists. When you associate with terrorists they become emboldened in their actions, like schoolyard bullies.  In light of this tragedy and these new troubling revelations, the Palestinian Authority should break ties with Hamas immediately. And if they do not act independently, our government should put pressure on the Palestinian Authority to break from Hamas, even if it means stopping all funding to this coalition. -cs
Senator Shaheen met with state officials in Windham this afternoon to discuss the importance of replenishing the Highway Trust Fund so that projects like the I-93 expansion - which are critical to jobs and the economy - aren't delayed by funding lapses.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/V8OZOH
Good luck to the U.S. Men’s National Team this afternoon against Belgium! #OneNationOneTeam #IBelieve
The U.S. Supreme Court got it wrong in the Hobby Lobby decision. Corporations are not people and they should not be interfering in a woman's access to basic health care. This decision allows corporate executives to extend their reach from the boardroom to the bedroom and that's unacceptable.
I believe that we will win! #OneNationOneTeam
