Tourism is bringing in record revenue for our state. Protecting wild and historic places like Hermosa Creek, Thompson Divide, and Pike’s Trail will help bring in more visitors and economic development.
YouDee stopped by my booth today at the Delaware State Fair to enter my daily American Flag raffle. Stop by to enter to win yours! Each flag has flown over the U.S. Capitol.
Today, The News Journal highlighted some encouraging news from the Senate -- compromise and bipartisan effort are working. I hope the progress on student loans and confirming President Obama's nominees provides a roadmap for working together on a host of critical issues in the coming months. http://m.delawareonline.com/opinion/article?a=2013307220023&f=1194
READ: Donnelly, Chuck Grassley Introduce Bill to Protect Farmers’ Personal Information.
Share this good news with your friends. Congratulations to Josh Trenary, a Clinton County native, for being named Indiana Pork’s new executive director.
READ: Senator Donnelly Announces Grant for the Indianapolis Fire Department.
Important Senate Banking hearing right now about housing finance and the important role community banks and credit unions play. Watch:
This morning I told reporters and other opinion leaders about #NorthDakota's all-of-the-above #energy policy During The Hill Newspaper's  #KXLbriefing.
At about 9 a.m. CT, I will be at The Hill Newspaper's #KXLbriefing discussing national security benefits of #KXL. Watch live:
ICYMI: My column in Roll Call on the importance of the UN Arms Trade Treaty http://www.rollcall.com/news/send_the_arms_trade_treaty_to_the_senate_commentary-226498-1.html
At a HELP committee hearing for National Labor Relations Board nominees Kent Hirozawa & Nancy Schiffer. Both should be confirmed w/out delay
Claire's turning 60 tomorrow! Here's a little playlist she made to keep her dancing on her big day, and she's hoping you'll join her. #Spotify
ICYMI: Be sure to watch my explanation of the history of coal and its importance to American economic growth.  http://bit.ly/1bd6G5Y
House Republicans are failing even by their own metric. They’ve replaced virtually nothing. So by the speaker’s own admission, they’re not getting anything passed and by his own analysis, they’re getting nothing repealed. So they’re doing nothing.
NA
NA
NA
Today I met with Butte's Deryn Ferguson and Nathan Steilman — two smart students who care about strengthening their community and Montana.  Deryn and Nathan visited Washington, D.C. as part of the Do the Write Thing Essay Challenge.
The Department of Veterans Affairs is currently seeking input from veterans about a questionnaire that will be used to create the Open Burn Pit Registry. The registry will enable the VA to better help veterans with health concerns resulting from exposure to toxic chemicals and fumes from open-air burn pits used by the military in Iraq and Afghanistan.    I have been working with the VA to make sure it has the registry up and running expeditiously, and to ensure it meets the needs of our veterans. If you or your loved one were impacted by open-air burn pits, I would encourage you to provide feedback to the VA so our veterans get their information into the registry more quickly and accurately.   Below you can access the draft questionnaire and learn how to submit comments by the August 20, 2013, deadline. Your feedback will help patients, doctors and the VA determine to what extent air pollution caused by open air burn pits has led to medical conditions among service members.   I was proud to work with Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) and bipartisan congressional leaders to get the bill creating the Open Air Burn Pit Registry signed into law, and I look forward to seeing it through for our veterans. Just as they have answered the call of duty for our country, we must answer their call for the information and treatment they have earned. In the meantime, please share this post with other veterans to let them know about the progress.
In case you missed it, here's my latest Time to Wake Up speech, "GOP Falsehoods, Fallacies, and Fantasies on Climate Change." And if you agree that it's time to act on climate change, please click LIKE & SHARE to help refute the misinformation being spread by the far right
Great conference call today with Virginia economic development officials on creating jobs.
Our constant shuffling from crisis to crisis has left businesses from NoVa to Norfolk unable to plan more than a few months in advance, costing them valuable resources and limiting their ability to guarantee workers stable employment. If we don’t come together in Congress and find a permanent replacement for sequestration – a broad, bipartisan agreement that includes both tax and entitlement reforms, as well as smarter spending cuts – we will continue to see this type of waste and inefficiency.  This is no way to do business.
