My statement on last night’s election results:
After yesterdays elections, it's critical now that our two parties come together to strengthen our economy, to build a stronger middle class, to provide veterans with better healthcare, to make our railroads more reliable, and to protect consumers.   For four years I've been a voice for Connecticut on these issues, and for the next two years I'll do the same. I hope my new colleagues in the Senate will join me in these efforts. -RB
U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin today called on lawmakers of both parties to encourage cooperation and seek reasonable compromises on issues of key concern to the American people.  “Inherent in our system of government, no one party has a permanent hold on power. As we once again cycle into a new balance of power in the Senate – and in Annapolis – we encourage all of our current and new colleagues to work together in a bipartisan manner to meet the challenges currently facing our nation.  “Gridlock has never created jobs or provided capital to a small business owner. And it will not bring us no closer to energy security.  “What we need is civil debate and cooperation. We need to put American families at the top of our priority list. We must find a way to break free of the conflicts that have polarized us in the past and seek rational compromises that move us forward, strengthening America’s economy and improving security at home and abroad.  “In Annapolis, as in Washington, the need for rational compromise and bipartisanship is essential. Team Maryland is ready and willing to work with our new governor in a positive partnership that keeps our state moving forward and provides greater opportunity for all Marylanders.”
I had the chance to stop by Integrity Staffing Solutions, a Middletown company helping thousands of Delawareans find jobs at Amazon Fulfillment. Thanks to Sean and his team for showing me how they connect people with jobs.
Do you ever pass Amazon Fulfillment in Middletown and wonder what goes on inside? I got the chance to see the work that goes on and meet the great associates there earlier this week. A big thank you to Director Bimal Patel who keeps the 1.2 million-square-foot facility running with about 2,000 full-time employees. And great news – Amazon Fulfillment is hiring for the holidays. Amazon let me know that each year many seasonal employees stay on in long-term roles.
Joe's office was proud to present World War II vets Bob and Herb with flags flown over the U.S. Capitol today. Any Hoosier can request a flag for themselves or someone they know by visiting Joe's website at http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/flags.
November is #MilitaryFamilyMonth. Take time this month to tell a military family in your life how much we appreciate the sacrifices they make for their loved ones and their country.
Traveled to Valencia County today to discuss economic development. The Valencia Flour Mill is a family-owned small business that helps contribute to the local economy, and they celebrated their 100th anniversary this year. I also met with students and faculty at the UNM-Valencia Campus where we discussed education and career training programs to help job seekers learn the skills they need for New Mexico's tech and health care industries.
The Aztec Ruins National Monument’s new pedestrian trail and bridge will provide visitors with easy access to the monument’s historical, cultural, and natural resources, and help boost tourism opportunities.
Today I spoke at the Basin Electric Annual Meeting in Bismarck to discuss the outlook for energy and environmental issues in the upcoming Congress and how federal regulations have impacted the energy industry in North Dakota. We must continue to push for bipartisan solutions that bring us closer to an all-of-the-above energy plan, including developing a viable path forward for coal. That’s why I brought U.S. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz to North Dakota in August – to urge him to emulate our state’s successful approach to energy production on a national level. I will continue to work closely with the industry and Administration because together, we can attain energy policies and regulations that are both responsible and viable for our future. http://1.usa.gov/1wy5l2s
New federal grants through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will be available for North Dakota’s firefighters and first responders to help support their operations and update equipment. Since the derailment in Casselton, I’ve made first-responder training a top priority to make sure our first line of defense in North Dakota is prepared to keep our communities and themselves safe. I hope eligible fire companies will apply for these federal funds to help them get the equipment and training they need to do their jobs, protect our communities, and help guarantee they will come home to their families each night. For more information on how to apply for these grants, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1kK26vT
“These election results will change the power balance in Congress—but one thing that remains the same is my commitment to work with all of my colleagues, Republican and Democratic, to forge bipartisan compromise, achieve results for Missouri, and strengthen accountability in our government. Congratulations to the winners, and my sincere thanks to those candidates who didn’t win, but still succeeded in making our democracy accountable. Now, let’s get to work.” - Claire
I'd like to congratulate Senator McConnell, who will be the new Senate Majority Leader.   The message from voters is clear: they want us to work together. I look forward to working with Senator McConnell to get things done for the middle class.
