The Senate passed the Violence Against Women Act today. This bill provides victims of abuse with critical resources as they begin the difficult work of moving on with their lives. It also includes measures that will help reduce our national backlog of rape kits and improve safety for women on college campuses. Now, the House needs to pass this important bill quickly because we can’t keep survivors of sexual assault and domestic abuse waiting any longer.
I'll be joining The Huffington Post Live in 15 minutes for a Google Hangout to discuss the State of the Union, gun violence in America and the National Rifle Association's "Connecticut Effect".
 
 Tune in!
 
 http://live.huffingtonpost.com/r/segment/senator-richard-blumenthal-nra/511433fbfe344437580002e2
Think Progress has a story on the appalling National Rifle Association comments about the "Connecticut Effect"
The remarks by a NRA lobbyist that the organization's efforts would intensify after the "Connecticut effect" subsides are callous and offensive and should be denounced by the NRA. If the NRA believes that Americans are going to forget what happened two months ago this week, it is sorely mistaken.  I wrote on The Huffington Post today about why National Rifle Association should repudiate & reject this insult.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-richard-blumenthal/on-the-nras-callous-and-o_b_2670488.html
With Valentine's Day right around the corner, share some love with the Newtown community. Make the Sandy Hook Promise.
Such a pleasure to spend a few minutes with Allison and Ava Schwartz from We Are Newtown today. Keep up the excellent work you are doing each and every day.
Ben- Tonight's State of the Union will be a key opportunity for President Obama to outline his goals for the next year and to show where we've come as a country. What would you like to hear the President discuss?
During my visit to Sussex Central High School last week to discuss FAFSA open enrollment, I met Rosemond Dorleans, who is a senior this year and will be attending M.I.T this coming fall. He is just one of the many bright students we have in Delaware.
One function of the Small Business Administration is to help businesses recover from economic disasters. If your business was affected by last year’s drought, you may be eligible to receive a loan from SBA. The application deadline is March 12. http://1.usa.gov/AioYFT
Tomorrow's State of the Union address is an important opportunity for President Obama to outline his goals for the next year and to reflect on where we've come as a country. Given all that has been happening throughout our country and the world, what would you like to hear the President discuss? Let me know in the comments.
I am honored to have the chance to serve on the Senate Finance Committee where I will continue to fight for Pennsylvania priorities. This assignment means I will have a seat at the table in addressing responsible tax reform to spur innovation, create jobs and promote economic growth. I will also be in an even better position to continue my efforts to level the playing field for American manufacturers through reasonable trade policy, ensure essential programs like Medicare work for current and future beneficiaries, incentivize research and development and protect our future by providing children with access to affordable health care.
“Words cannot express the shock and horror reverberating through our community today. Annie and I were shaken by the news, and are praying for the victims and their families. This kind of violence has no place in our society and no place in our community. While investigators search for answers, it’s up to us to come together to honor those we’ve lost and recommit ourselves to trying to prevent needless violence from shattering yet another Delaware family."
I have been honored to invite soldiers who have served in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars as my guests to the State of the Union since 2005 when I hosted Army Major Tammy Duckworth. I am so proud that she will be attending tonight’s address not as my guest, but as a member of the United States Congress. I am also proud to have Sergeant First Class Pedro Ortiz-Ramon from Chicago, Illinois, with me this evening. He has given so much in service to our nation. I think it is only fitting that he is here tonight to be a part of this special moment in our nation’s history – the State of the Union address. I am humbled by his service and honored to introduce him to my Senate colleagues and have him as my guest this evening.
In a few hours, President Obama will deliver his State of the Union address at the Capitol. Here are a few issues Joe hopes President Obama will focus on this year.
Tonight, Joe is honored to have Fort Wayne native Lieutenant Colonel Dan Gilbert join him for the President’s State of the Union address at the Capitol. LTC Gilbert is a member of the @Indiana National Guard, which is the 4th largest in the nation for the @US Army National Guard.  As a part of the 219th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade of the Indiana National Guard, LTC Gilbert was deployed to Iraq to serve in Operation New DawnShare this post with your friends and learn more about the 219th Brigade.
February is Black History Month, a time to celebrate the contributions of African Americans to American history and culture. Today is we also mark the anniversary of the NAACP. Happy 104th birthday!
I'm proud the Senate passed the Violence Against Women Act. It's time for the House to act—domestic & sexual violence are not partisan issues.
PHOTO: Josh Stepakoff, my State of the Union guest, was only 6 when he was wounded by an assault weapon in a 1999 shooting in Los Angeles.
Bumpfire replacement stocks allow semi-autos to reach fully automatic rates of fire. They should be outlawed.
I’m proud to join the Hispanic Task Force and I look forward to continuing Senator Bingaman’s legacy of working with Hispanic leaders and communities across New Mexico. I remain deeply committed to fighting for the issues that matter most to Hispanic families, including job creation, education, ensuring our veterans get the benefits they deserve, and fixing our broken immigration system in a way that creates an accountable pathway to citizenship.
Today I hosted a conference call with women’s organizations across New Mexico to answer questions and discuss the pressing need to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. I stressed the importance of provisions in the Senate bill that aim to combat domestic violence in Indian country, and thanked these incredible organizations for what they do everyday to protect women and strengthen New Mexico families.
Here is what I am hoping the President addresses at tonight's State of the Union.
So excited to have cosponsored and voted for the Violence Against Women Act which passed the Senate today! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng_f88xNCng&feature=youtu.be
I'm looking forward to sitting with Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire at the State of the Union tonight as a symbol of the sort of bipartisanship we need more of in the Senate.
I was proud to cosponsor and vote for the Violence Against Women Act that provides essential protection for victims of sexual violence and domestic abuse. As Governor, I worked to update domestic violence laws, improve the treatment of victims, and provide additional resources to first responders.
Had an op-ed published in the Richmond Times-Dispatch on the importance of getting our budget back on track and averting sequestration cuts that would harm Virginia.  The best chance of getting our fiscal house in order to grow the economy for the long term is returning to an orderly budget process.
Proud to stand with families of victims, survivors, and my House and Senate colleagues in support of common sense gun reform before the State of the Union.
I am honored to have Major Richard Ojeda, a WV veteran and community leader from Logan, join me tonight at the State of the Union address. He served this nation in uniform in both Iraq and Afghanistan and he continues to serve through his hard work and dedication to his community.  He is truly an inspiration to us all.
Thanks again to everyone from MSNBC’s Morning Joe for having me on today to preview tonight’s State of the Union. Watch it here: http://nbcnews.to/WGC9Fb
Thank you everyone at MSNBC for having me on Morning Joe today to preview tonight's State of the Union.
Today, the Senate stood up for women across the country by reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) with a strong bipartisan majority. Reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act will help law enforcement improve strategies to prosecute violent crimes against women and provide legal assistance to victims of violence and funding for shelters that allow women to escape their abusers. House Republicans should pass VAWA without delay. One hundred sixty million American women are waiting to see action on this proposal.
Tonight President Obama will chart a course to maintain the economic progress we’ve made and revive a still-struggling middle class. I hope my Republican colleagues will give his vision the consideration it deserves. The President will also propose a balanced alternative to the devastating, automatic spending cuts set to take effect. I was disappointed to learn that Republican leaders have no intention of bringing legislation to the floor of the House to replace the sequester with a more sensible approach. Senate Democrats will offer our own solution to the sequester later this week. If Republicans agree that these cuts would be damaging to our economy and to national security, they should work with us to pass an alternative.
Senator Shaheen with David Taylor, her guest of honor for this evening's State of the Union address. Taylor, a Derry native and Army veteran, served as a U.S. Army Specialist in Afghanistan and also as a former Derry Fire Explorer. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WTVuz1(February 12, 2013. Washington, DC)
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Senate voted 78-22 to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). "Like" and "share" to join Senator Shaheen in her support of VAWA.  "Reauthorizing VAWA and providing critical services to victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence has been a top priority of mine and I’m pleased that the Senate could come together to pass this legislation. VAWA is a proven tool in supporting victims, social service providers and law enforcement officials and I’m hopeful that the House of Representatives follows the Senate’s lead quickly by passing this measure with strong bipartisan support.”
NA
“The fact we have not [come up with a long-term solution] means each and every one of us in Congress should take a second look at what our jobs are in this body,” Shaheen said. “The fact is, we can come up with a long-term solution that avoids the impact of sequestration, that avoids the devastating toll all of you are talking about this morning on our military and on our defense. In order to do that, we've all got to put aside some of our sacred cows and be flexible.”
"Wishing a speedy recovery to Executive Councilor Ray Burton, who announced today that he has been diagnosed with curable kidney cancer. Ray is a fighter and I have no doubt he will be back to full health soon. Ray’s years of service to New Hampshire are unparalleled and I know that everyone in the Granite State is wishing him well.” - JS
I'm proud to announce that today the Senate passed Violence Against Women Act.  Click LIKE to help me tell the House of Representatives to quickly pass our bipartisan bill to ensure that Montana women and children have every opportunity to lead safe, healthy lives.
I'll be sitting with Senator Jerry Moran (R-KS) tonight at the State of the Union. We'll be reintroducing the Startup Act tomorrow to jumpstart the economy through the creation and growth of new business.
I’m proud to have cosponsored the Violence Against Women Act,  which passed the Senate today on a strongly bipartisan vote of 78-22. In Virginia, this Act has doubled the resources available for prevention and intervention of sexual violence in communities and on campus. The funding provides vitally important crisis services in nearly every locality in Virginia, and I urge the House to act quickly in passing this bill so we can get it to the President’s desk for his signature.
Senator Warner celebrated the beginning of "the year of the snake" on Sunday at the Eden Center in Falls Church. Check out the celebration in the short video below. (staff)
"We have to stop seeing this as kind of the red-shirt Republicans and the blue-shirt Democrats and actually put the country first," Senator Warner said. "If not you should fire us all." (staff)
Great to meet so many Massachusetts residents visiting the Capitol this morning!
