Go #Buffs! What's your score prediction?
Good luck to Coach Kevin Ollie and our UConn Huskies who tip off tonight in the NCAA tournament! Like and share to wish them luck in tonight's game. #UConn #BleedBlue #GameDay
Please Share ***#AmberAlert***  Relisha Rudd (8 years-old) Vehicle:      1976 GMC Truck, White     Maryland license plate #305015  The Metropolitan Police Department is seeking the publics assistance in locating 8 year-old Relisha Rudd in a White 1976 GMC truck MD tag 305015. She may be traveling with Kahlil Malik Tatum. If you have information, contact: MPD Command Information Center Call: 202-727-9099 or 911   Relisha Rudd      Age now: 8 years-old     Sex: Female     Skin: Black     Hair: Black     Eyes: Brown     Height: 4 feet 0 inches     Weight: 70 to 80 pounds
Here's a #SaveTheBay #TBT with the good folks from the  Chesapeake Bay Foundation.   #ThrowBackThursday
Senator Ben Cardin, co-author of the Cardin-Lugar extractive industries provision in Section 1504 of the #DoddFrank Reform Act, praised the latest step toward greater #transparency in the #oil, #gas and #mining industries.  The White House announced that the United States has become the first #G8  country to achieve candidate status and become an Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (#EITI) implementing country. Per the White House, “we join a group of 41 countries around the world that are working actively to improve the management of their oil, gas, and mining sectors.”    “The transparency frameworks that are integral to the Cardin-Lugar provision and the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative should be the norm around the world for both developing and more developed countries.  As the first G-8 country to join EITI, the United States is leading by example to strengthen efforts to combat corruption, increase energy security, and support economic development for impoverished communities in resource-rich nations. We are not immune to corruption in this country, so the more tools we have to publicize information about our natural resources the more transparent and accountable we become to the American people." - Ben   cc. Publish What You Pay, Oxfam America, Revenue Watch Institute The Lugar Center
Sometimes #lifehappens when you least expect it. That's why it's important to #getcovered.   Visit http://www.choosehealthde.com/ to enroll before March 31!
I want to wish the best of luck to our Blue Hens men’s basketball team as they square off against Michigan State. All of Delaware is behind you, so let’s show the nation what the First State is all about!
Night Markets has enlivened Philadelphia's neighborhoods and helped small business owners gain more exposure. One business owner here began with a food truck at Night Markets and now has a storefront. Now that the Night Markets application is a finalist I'm urging EDA to move forward with it.
Share this #GoodNews: Kokomo was named the most affordable small city in the country by CNN Money. The study highlights the area’s affordable home prices and median income.
The Young Business Leaders in Grand Forks are motivated and hardworking folks - I can't wait to see the great things they do for our state and country. Today I met with them to talk about privacy, infrastructure, workforce topics and other issues.
Today I was at Case New Holland in Fargo with U.S. Export-Import Bank President and Chairman Fred Hochberg. CNH is a great example of how to build a company by both selling products in the U.S., and also exporting globally. I even got to drive one of CNH's tractors.
Check out this video from my visit with sociology students at Red River High School in Grand Forks today. We talked about the recent rise of sex and human trafficking in North Dakota and my bill that would allow those forced into trafficking to be treated as victims, not criminals. 
From tractors to sunflower seeds, North Dakota makes some of the best products in the world. Today I was joined by U.S. Export-Import Bank President and Chairman Fred P. Hochberg to connect him with our states many innovative small businesses and to make sure that North Dakotans have the resources to sell their goods across the globe. http://1.usa.gov/1lTiEDm
Enjoyed taking questions from folks in Fargo tonight at my Town hall. Thanks to all who came out tonight.
NA
I’ll keep fighting to ensure child care across Maryland is available, affordable, reliable, safe & exceptional. As a child care social worker, I know the importance of quality care for working families in preparing kids for successful futures.  Today in Baltimore I convened a child care roundtable discussion with care providers, teachers, advocates & families on improving critical child care. At Milford Mill Child Development Center I saw first-hand the impact child care can has to ensure that children are learning-ready. 
This week I continued my Maryland Jobs Tour embarking on three-stops in St. Mary’s County meeting with leaders of Maryland’s public and private defense assets and community leaders to discuss my fight to support jobs in Southern Maryland  A stronger America begins at home. That’s why I’m here in Southern Maryland to talk jobs, jobs, jobs and my unwavering commitment to the men and women working to keep our nation safe. I will continue to fight for Maryland’s public and private defense assets, keeping our nation safer and Maryland’s economy stronger.
Claire and Senator Roy Blunt teamed up at the Missouri Air National Guard Base in St. Joseph today for a roundtable discussion with base and community leaders to talk about the role of Missouri’s military bases in our national defense and the impact of the recently proposed Pentagon budget cuts.  Claire and Senator Blunt addressed their commitment to working together to support the base in today’s changing budget environment.
Excellent investment that will lead to a brighter future for our youth in the Mountain State. I applaud the efforts of Big Brothers Big Sisters of South Central West Virginia. http://bit.ly/1kMuuPS  
Senator Shaheen visited Globe Manufacturing in Pittsfield this morning to learn about the equipment and gear they produce to keep firefighters safe on the job and highlight the importance of manufacturing to New Hampshire’s economy. More here: http://1.usa.gov/Ny1U8v
We had amazing turnout at our Hawaii Get Online workshops with Google today. More than 200 small businesses packed the Maui Arts and Cultural Center. The morning session attracted so many small businesses that Google added a second workshop.
"U.S. Sen. Mark Warner said the Shenandoah Valley's quality of life is a key ingredient in attracting new industry.  But Warner, D-Va., told a roomful of Valley leaders Wednesday that the Valley must capitalize on its tourism offerings and be part of ever improving workforce training to continue attracting jobs."
