"The #Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure that we all have responsibility to protect and restore. I worked hard to ensure that the #FarmBill we are sending to President #Obama delivers on our responsibilities to the Bay. The Farm Bill will continue to provide Maryland farmers with the resources they need to ensure their ability to continue to do their part to conserve the #ChesapeakeBay watershed,” said Senator Cardin.    “Agriculture is Maryland’s number one industry despite the great challenges that come with farming in our state. Pressure from developers is compounded by the water quality concerns that persist in the Bay and its tributaries causing farms to meet extremely high standards of operation to prevent sediment and nutrient loss.  But Maryland farmers understand how valuable a healthy Chesapeake Bay is: a healthier Bay means better water and soil for regional farming and a healthier overall economy for the region and the nation.  “I was proud to champion the effort to ensure a more level the playing field for #Maryland farmers who have been good stewards of the watershed but forced to compete with producers whose costs are lower because their operations are located in states that do not have the same environmental concerns. The bill passed by Congress re-establishes that farmers must protect highly erodible lands and wetlands in order to qualify for crop insurance premium assistance. In Maryland, these practices are commonplace not just because our farmers want help protect the Bay but because our state requires farmers to manage for wetland and soil loss.”    Senator Cardin expressed his concern that the final bill makes cuts to critical programs, including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (#SNAP) that are significantly deeper than the reductions made in the Senate-passed bill, although far less than the extreme measures wanted by the House of Representatives.   “I believe in a strong, robust SNAP program that provides resources to Americans in need. This is not the time to be cutting off core safety net programs that help families put food on the table for their children,” Senator Cardin added.
Watch Barack Obama speaking live from #Adelphi Maryland about the #ConnectED initiate- a plan to enrich K-12 education for every student in America by connecting them  to next-generation connectivity within five years.   http://www.whitehouse.gov/live
The safety and security of our drinking water is a critical issue that impacts every American-- past, present and future.
I was happy to vote to pass the Farm Bill today to help millions of Americans and thousands of Delawareans working in agriculture.  This bill reduces our deficit and supports access to healthy foods and conservation across the country. 
Today we recognize #WorldCancerDay – a time to honor those we have lost, commit to continuing our groundbreaking research, and keep fighting for a cure as we never lose hope.
I have fought for years to enact a comprehensive #FarmBill and I certainly support the goal of a comprehensive Farm bill to provide long-term certainty for our farmers.  I commend Chairwoman Stabenow for her tireless work to get this bill across the goal line.  She managed the very difficult task of negotiating a bill that advanced without some of the most egregious and draconian proposals and for that reason I believe the bill deserved a vote. The bill also includes some very good policies including specialty crop provisions that are good for Pennsylvania that I worked to enact. Nonetheless, the bill includes significant cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (#SNAP) program that will have a devastating impact on Pennsylvanians.  According to the Greater Philadelphia Coalition Against Hunger, as a result of these changes 175,000 Pennsylvanian households will lose, on average, $65 for food each month. The SNAP program plays a critical role in the battle against hunger for children, seniors and families across our Commonwealth and throughout our nation.  For every dollar invested in this program, it is estimated that the economy gets $1.75 in return.  The program fuels consumer spending while providing much needed nutrition for 1.7 million Pennsylvanians. Therefore, I could not support this bill.
Great article on Pittsburgh’s ability to adapt in difficult economic conditions, let it serve as a model for others.
NA
Joe was pleased to meet with representatives of the Catholic Social Ministry Gathering this afternoon. Joe met with individuals from the University of Notre Dame, Poverty USA, St. Vincent de Paul, and Bishop Dwenger High School.
Senator Donnelly today voted in favor of the bipartisan, five-year farm bill that passed the Senate by a vote of 68 to 32. Donnelly, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, advocated for several Hoosier priorities during the farm bill debate.   “The Hoosier ag community now has the certainty it deserves,” said Donnelly.  “There are a number of provisions in this bill important to Indiana, and I look forward to continuing to work with our state’s farmers and rural communities.” 
As Indiana prepares for another round of snow and ice, please take a moment to review the winter weather safety and preparedness tips at http://www.in.gov/dhs/getprepared.htm and check to see if your county has been placed under a travel advisory at http://www.in.gov/dhs/traveladvisory/.
The Keystone XL pipeline has bipartisan, bicameral support in Congress, and the approval from the labor industry, businesses and national security leaders. It’s in our best interest – economic, national security, and energy security – to approve the project. This process has dragged on for far too long.  It’s past time for the President to make a decision – the right decision – and approve the Keystone XL pipline so we encourage and benefit from energy production from a friend and ally, rather than get those resources from volatile countries elsewhere across the world. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=9cc196fe-9e74-4e77-a0cd-9b60b6c3b438 
Over two years ago, well before I took office, I pledged to work tirelessly to get a long-term Farm Bill passed," said Heitkamp. "While I’m proud to follow through on this promise, that is not why I’m so satisfied today. Finally, we stepped up and gave our hardworking farmers and ranchers the certainty they absolutely deserve to do their jobs.  In North Dakota, we live and breathe agriculture. It creates jobs, supports our families, boosts our communities, and feeds our kids. And as much as we know how important agriculture is for North Dakota, we also know how important North Dakota’s products are to the country and the rest of the world. That’s why a Farm Bill is so essential for all of us.  Working in lockstep with North Dakotans throughout this whole process, I fought to shape this legislation so it will work for our agriculture producers. From enhanced crop insurance, to investments in rural development and biofuel production, to needed livestock disaster assistance, this Farm Bill will benefit so many farmers, ranchers, and consumers throughout our state.  The partisanship in Congress has been deeply frustrating, but this Farm Bill has been a bright light. Working together – Republicans and Democrats – we were able to produce a strong Farm Bill that works in our best interests. That’s what compromise and cooperation are all about. I hope that bipartisan approach continues as we work on other important issues for North Dakota and our country.  But our job isn’t done. Now, I’ll work to make sure this bill is properly implemented, and continue to listen and advocate for North Dakotans, to make sure this law works for them. 
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has a new GI Bill Comparison tool that will better help veterans understand their education and benefits options, including  key information about college affordability, so veterans can choose the best education program for their needs. http://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/gi-bill-comparison-tool/
I’m heartened that Congress came together today to pass a farm bill that restores certainty for farmers across the country. This bill saves taxpayers $23 billion over ten years, eliminates wasteful direct payments, strengthens crop insurance, and closes loopholes in the SNAP program without reducing nutrition access for the neediest people.  It also ensures robust support for Chesapeake Bay restoration and improves farmers’ access to export markets and consumers’ access to fresh, local, organic foods.  While no bill of this scope is perfect, this farm bill greatly benefits farmers and families across the country and serves as another positive sign that Congress will work across the aisle to get things done this year.
“Ours is a very special and very precious state, but I think it points out that every state in the Union can face this problem.”  -Sen. Leahy on the Senate Floor TODAY on the need to address opiate addiction and America, and thanking Gov. Peter Shumlin for addressing opiate addiction in his State of the State address. 
VIDEO: On Senate Floor, Leahy slams those pushing deep #SNAP #FarmBill cuts for hungry children, while voting for a $2 trillion unfunded war in Iraq: 
“Even one case of fraud would have been too many, instead we now know that thousands of servicemembers, their families and friends may have participated in schemes to defraud the government they served and the taxpayers. Worst of all this program has the potential to become a stain on thousands of recruiters and National Guard members who do their jobs so well, and so honorably. And when I looked into how this could have happened the story just got worse." -Claire 
Today I  voted in favor of the bipartisan farm bill which reforms the country’s agriculture policy while also reducing the deficit by $23 billion and supporting 16 million jobs. In addition, the bill contains an amendment I sponsored to help young children and pregnant women develop healthy eating habits.   Read my statement: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=84e73a61-e056-4a1f-9a4f-d66913f92b72
ICYMI: My testimony at this morning's Senate hearing on the chemical spill: http://youtu.be/eP_gYswL8Js
The legislation I crafted with Senator Boxer would go a long way in ensuring that every American has access to safe drinking water and that if, God forbid, an incident like this occurs again, we have the tools to respond as quickly and effectively as possible.   This morning I testified at the Senate Environment and Public Works (EPW) Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife hearing to discuss the importance of passing our legislation to improve oversight of chemical facilities and help strengthen states’ abilities to prevent chemical spills.  Visit my website for more information on today's hearing: http://1.usa.gov/1doRXQB  YouTube video of my testimony is available here: http://youtu.be/eP_gYswL8Js
To all our NY fishing families: 2014 is the first year of #Fluke fairness
Researchers say "“It’s going to be hard to maintain strong economic growth with such a large proportion of the population falling behind. We might be able to muddle along — but can we really recover?” This year Senate Dems are working on ways to recover.
The Farm Bill finally passed Congress today.  This bipartisan, long-term bill will give Montana's farmers and ranchers the certainty they need while saving taxpayers billions.  I will continue to support our state's hard-working producers who put food on our plates and drive our state's number one industry.
Today we in the Senate finally approved a new Farm Bill, which is major legislation for New Mexico. Farmers and ranchers from Portales to Lordsburg have told me how much they need certainty about prices and assistance to help them recover from historic drought & herd losses. I'm glad were finally able to come together in a bipartisan fashion to reauthorize programs that help New Mexico's rural communities and our state's overall economy. The Farm Bill helps almost every N.M. county provide basic public services and funds critical rural development grants that enable New Mexicans in our small rural communities to start businesses and become homeowners. It also increases support for New Mexico's specialty crops – like our beloved chiles and pecans – and helps expand the role of farmers' markets to get these products to more people. For more information on the farm bill and how it helps New Mexico, click here:
Congratulations to Deming's Marianna Wheeler and Yvonne Marquez on becoming new homeowners today, thanks to loans made possible by USDA Rural Development in New Mexico. This afternoon, the Senate will vote on the Farm Bill, which includes renewed funding for USDA Rural Development. Programs like new loans for homeownership help strengthen our families and our economy, and I’ll continue making sure they reach more places like Deming to improve the quality of life in our rural communities.
Proud that the bipartisan farm bill that will now become law includes my provisions to protect the Chesapeake Bay and expand access to rural broadband.   It’s an embarrassment that in America in 2014, there are still more than 18 million people without broadband access, and more than 75% of those customers live in rural areas. Virginians recognize that access to broadband helps spur economic growth and create jobs. My provision will help to ensure that broadband service reaches those who need it most.  Additionally, the Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure and I am pleased that the final bill includes my provision to help provide farmers with the resources they need to protect and restore water quality and wildlife habitat.
Unemployment insurance represents our commitment that we’ll pitch in when our friends & neighbors have fallen on tough times #RenewUI
Unemployment insurance is a critical lifeline for people who are trying their hardest and need a little help. Republicans line up to protect billions in tax breaks and subsidies for big corporations with armies of lobbyists, but they can’t find a way to help struggling families trying get back on their feet. Last night I joined Senator Cory Booker for his first speech on the Senate floor to talk about why we need to extend unemployment benefits. Watch my remarks here: 
