Wisconsin's Senators Split Over the Employee Non-Discrimination Act. Tammy believes passing ENDA is a step toward expanding freedom, fairness and opportunity for all Americans.
Wisconsin was the first state in the nation to add sexual orientation to its non-discrimination laws in 1982. It’s time for the House to act and pass the Employee Non-Discrimination Act.
I was so proud to introduce my longtime colleague Linda Spoonster Schwartz, Connecticut's Commissioner of Department of Veterans Affairs who has been nominated to be the Assistant Secretary for Policy and Planning at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.  Watch my introduction here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mjVDfQlIyo
I took to the Senate Floor yesterday to show my support for the Employee Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). No American, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, or otherwise should be denied the ability to obtain or keep a job. Watch my speech here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkf6m351KNw
The creation of the “Silk Road 2.0” proves once again how fast technology moves. Rather than play ‘whack-a-mole’ with the latest website, digital currency or technology, we need to develop thoughtful, nimble and sensible federal policies that protect the public without stifling innovation and economic growth. That’s why I will be holding a hearing on virtual currency later this month. http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/media/majority-media/chairman-carper-statement-on-the-unveiling-of-the-so-called-silk-road-20-website
Do you have questions about the Affordable Care Act and your new health insurance options? Visit www.delawareonline.com at 11 am for a live chat with the state director of Delaware’s health insurance marketplace, Michelle Amadio.
Later this month, I’ll lead a hearing in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to learn more about the emergence of virtual currencies like Bitcoin.   It’s important our federal government can identify any potential risks while at the same time ensure we’re not unfairly hindering a potentially innovative and valuable technology.
Watch my interview on CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning where I talked about North Dakota’s housing shortage, and the need for the Keystone XL Pipeline.
In 10 days I will be choosing the winner of my Facebook cover photo contest and I would like to know which ones you like the best. Take a minute to go through the album and like and comment on your favorite photos. I will choose a winner from the photos with the most likes and comments. Tell your friends, and keep an eye out for the Facebook photo contest winner on November 15.
Yesterday I met Captain Matt Zeller and Janis Shinwari, the Afghan interpreter who saved Matt's life. I'm honored that my office could assist with the effort to secure visas for Janis and his family and I'm happy that they have decided to move to Alexandria. I wish them all the best.
Today I called for a briefing by IRS Commissioner Werfel on Maryland small business owners victimized by Payroll Service Provider tax fraud. I’ve met with these small business owners and introduced legislation to fight payroll service provider tax theft. Small businesses need a government on their side with timely resolutions to their cases, not be subjected to more red tape.
Connecticut has shown that the Employee Non-Discrimination Act, also known as ENDA, works. Connecticut has been a test case for these protections for sexual orientation and gender identity. The parade of horrible consequences that opponents of ENDA say will happen just have not happened in Connecticut. And what we're doing here really is pretty simple. We're not trampling on the first amendment. We're not dictating morality. We're not harming the economy. We're not undermining the religious community. We're just saying that you can't discriminate against people in the workplace because of who they choose to love or who they are inside.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0t2gq0GCag&feature=c4-overview&list=UUbcEa40PIFpLpdDe06n3F3Q
As Claire continues her “Autumn Across Missouri” cover photo contest, we’re sharing the first batch of submissions we’ve received from Missourians all across the state. Please take a moment to vote for your favorite by simply ‘liking’ the photo. Voting closes Wednesday, November 13!  Have a photo you want to submit? There’s still time! Email the photo, with your name, hometown, and photo location to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com by Friday, November 8. We look forward to seeing all your beautiful photos!
A must-read in USA TODAY from two retired Army officers, who’ve worked closely with the military justice system—supporting needed reforms to curb sexual assaults in the military, but raising the alarm about the risks involved if commanders are stripped of their responsibilities in these cases.  Lisa M. Schenck, retired Army Judge Advocate, and John D. Altenburg Jr., retired Army major general wrote that such a move has proven to be ineffective in other countries. “Proponents of reducing commander responsibility cite the military justice systems of Australia, the United Kingdom, Israel and Canada, all countries where military commanders no longer have decision-making responsibility for serious sex crimes. But statistics from these countries are disappointing for those looking for better results than in the U.S. military…No one has made a convincing case that the silver bullet is removing commanders from the system. A "fix" that doesn't target the right problem isn't a fix at all.”
It is time to #PassENDA and end LGBT employment discrimination. Everyone deserves the right to work hard and earn a living.
The Oregonian: In a Congress that seems incapable of achieving, or even talking about achieving, anything, Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., managed something significant Monday. When the Senate, including seven Republicans, voted to take up the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, sponsored by Merkley, it was an advance not only for Congress but for a vital principle.
There are two events going on this Saturday at Tamarack in honor of Veterans Day. Honor our veterans this weekend and check out these inspirational presentations if you are in the area. You won't want to miss out! For more info:  http://bit.ly/1bc3zpk
This is truly great news for veterans in Southern West Virginia. I’m pleased to announce that Mercer County’s new mobile health clinic will begin to serve patients in early 2014. The mobile outpatient clinic will help the growing number of vets in the area access needed primary medical services. I thank the Beckley Veterans Affairs Medical Center and all those who have worked to bring this much needed health care access to Mercer County. 
 
 To read more, visit my website: http://1.usa.gov/187w0ng
I always say if you want to help a vet, hire a vet. Unemployment is one of the biggest problems currently facing our veterans. In addition to our gratitude and support, our veterans need jobs.  Yesterday, Starbucks made a tremendous commitment to help hire veterans. MUST READ STORY: http://bit.ly/1dNvTSO 
In case you missed it: CBS covered Senators Jeanne Shaheen and John McCain meeting with Capt. Matt Zeller and Janis Shinwari this morning. Janis served alongside American troops in Afghanistan and last week, finally arrived in the United States because of the Special Immigrant Visa program that Shaheen and McCain are working to extend.  The program would benefit thousands of Iraqi and Afghan civilians, just like Janis, who risked their lives serving with our military during the war. CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO:http://bit.ly/1elflEu
Congress is long past due to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. Please like and share to show your support for workplace #equality.
Senator Schatz is working collaboratively across the aisle to introduce legislation to expand clean energy, cut overall energy use, and taxpayer dollars.  Senator Schatz introduced the Utility Energy Service Contracts Improvement Act of 2013, which would change existing law and give agencies more options to realize cost and energy savings opportunities.  “We need to do everything we can to save energy and taxpayer dollars. This bill makes a commonsense change that has the potential for an enormous impact on energy cost and consumption,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “The federal government is the largest consumer of energy in the country, and this bill will expand our ability to invest in clean energy projects while saving money. I am glad that I was able to work across the aisle to partner with Senators Alexander and Coats on this practical solution.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=348000
My office is pleased to host an upcoming Udall Serving YoU open office hours in Los Alamos today. Staff will be available at the Betty Ehart Senior Center on Wednesday, Nov. 6, at 11 a.m. If you’re in Los Alamos County and need assistance with a federal agency, I encourage you to come by so we can review your case and find out what help might be available. Click here for more information:
DATA will establish an open and accountable system for tracking every dollar spent by the federal government. It is incredibly important in this budget environment to have reliable financial data to support the tough spending decisions that Congress will have to make in the coming years. Today’s vote is an important step to keeping policymakers and taxpayers better informed.
