Watch the debate on #KeystoneXL happening LIVE on the Senate floor right now.  In my view, the XL stands for “X-tra Lethal” because the tar sands oil flowing through it would threaten public health and our environment. #NoKXL
I am horrified by the barbaric murder of innocents in a sacred house of worship. This heinous and brutal act of terror has no place in a civilized world and only sets back the cause of peace and humanity. All my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families and I am praying for the recovery of those injured.
My heartfelt sympathy to the families of those slain and the survivors of the unconscionable terrorist attack early this morning at a synagogue in Jerusalem, Israel’s capital. I stand with Israel as it mourns the loss of innocent civilians attacked at their place of worship, including three American rabbis. -RB
We must act now to mitigate the devastating impacts of climate change, and prevent future, escalating harm. I believe #KeystoneXL would be a step backwards. I’ll continue to work on these issues in the Senate with the goal of protecting our climate and future generations. Today, I’ll vote 'no' on #KeystoneXL. -RB
The senseless targeting of innocent civilians has to be stopped; it is unacceptable under any circumstances. My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed and injured in the #Jerusalem attack, as well as the people of #Israel, who have endured far too many of these brutal assaults.  The United States will continue to fight against such atrocities and bring to justice those who commit such acts. As the strongest of allies and partners in combating terrorism, we reaffirm our support for Israel’s right to defend and protect its people.
Share if you agree: #KeyStonePipeline is a bad deal for America.  No on #KXL
#KXL, is a shortcut to an existing pipeline designed to make it cheaper to export some of the world’s dirtiest crude oil – while crude oil prices are already plummeting.  The construction jobs to build #KeyStonePipeline will be temporary; the environmental degradation will be permanent.  To add insult to injury, we’re not even talking about domestic oil; it’s oil sands crude from Alberta, Canada and it’s ultimately destined for other countries.  This is a bad deal.  The Senate should reject it on behalf of the American people.
To put the "economic benefits" of #KeyStone in context-  The proposed #PurpleLine transit project in #PrinceGeorge’s and Montgomery Counties, MD will provide more construction work hours, over a longer period of time, and employ more than five times as many people on a permanent basis as K-X-L, and it will also serve the public good in reducing demand for fossil fuels and improve property values along the route.  I’m pretty sure the same can’t be said about #KXL.  I wish my Republican friends would show the kind of enthusiasm for public works projects, like the Purple Line, that far better exemplify the virtues of job creation and improving U.S. energy security than K-X-L would.
My question is why – when oil supplies are growing, demand is flat, and prices are already plummeting – do we want to provide incentives for producing, transporting, refining, and burning the world’s dirtiest oil?  We don’t need to. #KeyStoneXl #KXL
When #KXL supporters first proposed the project several years ago, I was perplexed.  They argued that making it easier for one foreign country to export its oil to other foreign countries by building a pipeline here in the United States would somehow bolster OUR national, economic, and energy security.  That argument didn’t make any sense to me when oil prices were higher; now that oil prices are plummeting, I think we’re entering the realm of the absurd with regard to #KeystoneXl.
Yesterday I visited Anne Arundel Community College for a discussion on the increasing cost of higher education nationwide.  There are very few families in America who can afford the costs of higher education outright. It’s regrettable, but very true. No American should be priced out of an education and the opportunities that come with it.   Pricing students out of a higher education, or allowing them to drown in debt, hurts our economy and society in the long run. We’re talking about the future generation of entrepreneurs. We've got to do more to help, especially our veterans. There are several provisions #Congress could act on right now that would make education more accessible and less burdensome for millions of Americans. We need to bring down the overall costs of education. We've got to expand Pell Grants.  And we've got to fix things in Washington to make it easier for students to finance their futures.
I was deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Dr.  Martin #Salia. He was a true humanitarian who lived a life dedicated to service. Dr. Salia put himself in danger because he believed that saving the life of just one other person is one of the highest and most noble callings. The good Dr. Salia did over his career, and during his last deployment in #SierraLeone is immeasurable. #Ebola is a terrible disease being combated by awe-inspiring people, people like Dr. Salia. My thoughts and prayers are with his family as they mourn. I thank them for sharing such a brave and compassionate man with the rest of the world.
I’m pleased that the Senate came together in a bipartisan fashion to pass this critical legislation. Increased investment in early education will help children learn more now and earn more later. Putting in place these policies will serve as a foundation for future economic growth. Helping a child learn at a young age puts them on a pathway to success in a way that few other efforts can match.
Americans expect and deserve a government that can keep our nation safe without compromising our privacy.
Today, I met with CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden to discuss the ongoing U.S. government response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa and measures taken to protect our citizens here at home. In order to eliminate the risk of this horrible virus in America, Ebola must be stopped at its source. The U.S. will continue to help in that effort.
The horrific attack at Kehilat Bnei Torah synagogue in Jerusalem is a senseless tragedy. Praying for peace.
Joe’s on his way to the Senate floor to speak in support of the Keystone XL pipeline. You can watch live on C-SPAN 2 soon.
“Whether moms and dads are going to work, school, or a training program, one of the most important decisions they have to make is who will care for their children. This commonsense legislation will help improve the quality of child care for Hoosier families in need. The reauthorization of the Child Care Development Block Grant Act is an example of what Democrats and Republicans can achieve by working together. Our children deserve access to safe, quality child care services, no matter their family’s income level, and this legislation will help ensure the safety and well-being of Hoosier children.”  Read more about the bipartisan Child Care Development Block Grant Act of 2014, which Joe helped to pass last night, at the link below.
Met with Secretary of Veterans Affairs Bob McDonald today to discuss how we can work together to better serve California's 2 million veterans. We talked about homeless housing at the West Los Angeles VA, seismic safety in California and improving accountability.
This debate is not about a pipeline. It's really about market signals. A vote to approve Keystone sends the signal that carbon pollution and climate are not serious economic concerns and that even the dirtiest fuels, such as tar sands, are a good place to invest capital. A vote against Keystone sends the signal that our government is taking the science of climate change and risk analysis seriously, and that the smarter investments are on the low-carbon and sustainable fuels of the future. We have a small and closing window to avoid economically disastrous climate impacts. My vote against Keystone reflects that reality.
My Republican colleagues would do well not to follow the lead of Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Congressman Steve Pearce (R-NM) on the issue of net neutrality. In fact, net neutrality has been the status quo for years and has led to enormous innovation and explosive economic growth.  Most Americans believe we should protect the Internet freedom that has not only allowed the web to flourish, but also makes it possible for small New Mexico businesses, entrepreneurs, and start-ups to compete on a level playing field with huge corporations and industry incumbents. I hope you’ll join me in continuing to support #NetNeutrality.
Carl Sagan once said...  “We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows about science and technology.”   I feel fortunate enough to represent a state whose history and identity is so intertwined with science.
It’s disappointing that we couldn’t pass the Keystone XL pipeline today. Passing this bill would have sent a message to the American people that we are listening to them – that they want the Senate to end gridlock, vote on, and pass bipartisan legislation. And we need to look to vote on – and hopefully pass – other bipartisan legislation as well. We came so close today, and I’m committed to getting this project done in the new Congress in a few months. I’ve talked for a long time about how the Keystone XL pipeline is a key piece of energy transportation infrastructure that is in our economic, national security, and energy interests, and I’m proud to have helped in this effort by rallying support among many Democrats for this project. This process has been going on for far too long – six years – and we still don’t have an answer. That’s unbelievable. We need a true all-of-the-above energy strategy – which includes Keystone as one piece of it – to help build North American energy independence. This project is just common sense, and I’ll keep up the fight to get it done. http://1.usa.gov/1uNcdZ5
Met with the nominee to become Deputy Director of the federal agency overseeing workforce issues nationwide. I discussed with Rear Admiral Gay one of the challenges to North Dakota’s growing economy, which is that the federal workforce in North Dakota isn’t keeping up, and it needs better flexibility to help make sure these employees have the resources they need to do their jobs and earn a decent living to live in the state. The problems with recruiting and retaining these positions is impacting many industries, including energy, agriculture, law enforcement and social services in Indian Country, and many more. Rear Admiral Gay and I both agree that there’s still more work that OPM can do to better support our federal employees, and I’m encouraged by our conversation that we are focusing on these challenges as North Dakota continues to grow and develop. http://1.usa.gov/1EVGoic
Heading to the Senate floor to make the case against #KeystoneXL. Watch my speech live here http://www.c-span.org/video/?322766-2/us-senate-keystone-xl-pipeline-debate&live
Today, I will go to the Senate floor to make the case for why approving the Keystone XL Pipeline is not in our national interest. This pipeline would transport tar sands oil, which is 15-20% dirtier than conventional oil. We need to continue the transition from dirty energy to cleaner energy – quickly enough to preempt serious harm to the climate, while allowing enough time for our economy to adjust. This is particularly relevant in Virginia where drastic increases in sea level rise pose major danger to the Hampton Roads economy and the center of American naval power.   Keystone XL would take us in the opposite direction of where we need to go, which is generating cleaner energy tomorrow than we do today.   You can watch my Senate floor speech at 4:15 PM:
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday urged Senators to take up and pass the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, which faces a crucial procedural vote Tuesday night.
Senator Patrick Leahy Tuesday made the following statement on the Senate Floor about the upcoming Senate vote late this afternoon on the Keystone XL pipeline.  Leahy continues to strongly oppose the pipeline.    http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/senate-floor-statement-of-senator-patrick-leahy-d-vt-in-opposition-to-s2280-the-bill-to-approve-the-keystone-xl-pipeline
Today with Senator Debbie Stabenow, I led a bipartisan coalition of Senate women urging federal health leaders to make combating heart disease a leading priority.   Fighting for women’s health has been one of my life-long priorities. For far too long, women did not believe heart disease was their disease. When I first came to the Senate, women’s health wasn’t a national priority. We’ve changed that paradigm but we’re not done yet.   I continue to fight for women to get the preventive care and treatment they need to live healthy lives. We must raise awareness, raise consciousness, and raise hell so that women are not left behind when it comes to their health.
Despite improvements in women's health, heart disease is still the number one killer for women in America. We must stand committed to #FighttheLadykiller!
If we expect our nation to be prepared for public health crises like Ebola we need a Surgeon General on the job. But Dr. Vivek Murthy has been awaiting confirmation for over a year. It is the Surgeon General who can make sure that science and established facts dictate our response to diseases like Ebola -- or the next disease to threaten America -- rather than politics or innuendo. Check out my op-ed on why the time to confirm Dr. Murthy is now, share if you agree.
“I’ve long supported Keystone, because it isn’t a question of whether this oil gets produced—it’s just how it gets to market. Getting this project moving will mean creating jobs and business opportunities, and boosting America’s energy security. Those are goals we should all be able to get behind, and so my support and advocacy for this pipeline will continue.” - Claire
I was saddened and appalled to learn that three Americans and a Briton, at least some of whom were reported as rabbis, were murdered while worshiping at a synagogue in Jerusalem today. Palestinian leadership must take immediate action to end violence directed at Israeli Jews and condemn terrorists and their supporters. I join the American people in praying for the victims of this heinous attack as well as their families and community members. We continue to stand with Israel as it confronts the menace of this terror.
Last week, my state director, Mara Boggs, attended the unveiling of the Medal of Honor Wall of Memory at the Huntington VA Medical Center. This display includes artwork representing all Medal of Honor recipients who are receiving treatment at the Huntington VA Hospital. It is my hope that a display will soon be established within all of the VA hospitals in our great state. Again, thank you to all those who made this memorial a reality.
Yesterday, I was pleased to introduce the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Bill to improve and modernize the suicide prevention programs and resources available to our veterans and service members. An estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every day, a shocking and unacceptable reality. Our nation has a long way to go to decrease the rate of suicide among our veterans and we must do much better in fulfilling our responsibilities to care for those who have risked everything on behalf of their fellow Americans.  To learn more about this bipartisan legislation, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=68f8f27a-2f71-4e18-856e-16c2b0ec717e
Click here to see my interview with Univision: http://noticias.univision.com/video/545089/2014-11-17/inmigracion/videos/accion-ejecutiva-deberia-ser-legilada
Great meeting a national hero Capt. Sully Sullenberger & talking about ways to work together to keep our skies safe. #aviationsafety
Got my birthday beef-on-weck today at Charlie the Butcher! 100 years & still going strong! Thanks Charlie! #BeefOnWeck #CharlietheButcher #Buffalo #WNY
Until we get dark money out of our elections, folks have a right to know who is a paying for political ads. Today I introduced the SUN Act to shine a light on the major donors who fund dark money groups trying to influence our elections. http://1.usa.gov/1yQqOCg
The Federal Reserve needs governors who will look out for Main Street, not Wall Street. Read my Wall Street Journal op-ed with Sen. Joe Manchin on why the President should use the two Fed vacancies to nominate people who aren’t Wall Street insiders.  http://on.wsj.com/1xi013x
Sen. Tom Harkin, Rep. George Miller, Rep. Rosa DeLauro and I introduced the Schedules that Work Act to give hourly employees more flexibility and certainty at work. That helps both businesses and working families.
