Every Wednesday or Thursday morning when the Senate is in session, I host Colorado Coffee for Coloradans who are visiting Washington, D.C. I would love for you to join me.  During Colorado Coffee, my staff and I meet with constituents to discuss issues important to you.  To sign up for Colorado Coffee, please visit      http://www.bennet.senate.gov/services/coffee/
#ICYMI Senator Cardin on Washington Journal earlier this morning discussing #Syria, #gridlock, the #economy and more. He took calls and responded to constituents on Twitter.
Cardin Troubled By Deteriorating Security And #Humanitarian Crisis In South Sudan  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa, and Senate Chair of the U.S. #Helsinki Commission, released the following statement on the recent political crisis, violence and escalating humanitarian emergency in South Sudan:     “I am deeply troubled by recent reports on the deteriorating security and humanitarian situation in the #Jonglei State in South Sudan. Reports indicate that there are over 100,000 internally displaced persons in Jonglei as a result of the violence and dozens more have been beaten and killed.  The senseless murder and abuse of civilians is inexcusable. I call on both state and non-state actors to renounce violence immediately and instead work towards peaceful reconciliation. I am pleased that the U.S. Department of State  is working with our international partners to ensure that the UN Mission to South Sudan has access to the communities in crisis.     “#SouthSudan is also facing a crisis of leadership. President Kirr’s recent decision to remove his vice president, dissolve his cabinet, and suspend the ruling political party is particularly concerning. I urge President Kirr to swiftly rebuild his government by appointing a cabinet that reflects the diversity of the South #Sudanese people.        “In addition to the political, security and humanitarian crises South Sudan is facing an impending oil shutdown due to continuing disagreements with Sudan. An oil shutdown at this juncture would have a disastrous effect on the already volatile social and political situation, and I encourage Sudan and South Sudan to work towards a solution through a constructive dialogue.     “The United States was instrumental in helping South Sudan gain independence just two years ago and we remain committed to bringing the vision of a peaceful, inclusive, and prosperous South Sudan into fruition.  We stand by the people of South Sudan at this difficult time and urge the Government of South Sudan to ensure the safety, security and universal #humanrights of all civilians.”       ###  http://alturl.com/ubve2
Senator Ben Cardin will be on Washington Journal in a few minutes talking about the #Congress, the #Economy #Sequestration and more watch live here   C-SPAN
CARDIN CALLS STUDENT LOAN “COMPROMISE” A SHORT-TERM ANSWER TO A LONG-TERM PROBLEM  Washington, DC -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee, made the following remarks after Senate passage of H.R. 1911, the Student Loan Act.  Senator Cardin voted against the bill, considering the current 6.8 percent fixed interest rate to be better for Maryland students than the terms included in the bill.  “The federal government should not be making a profit off student loans. College is already too expensive. It is short-sighted to do anything that would put at risk the ability of students to start or continue their higher education. While the bipartisan deal voted upon in the Senate looks reasonable in the short term, the long-term view is not as positive. Treasury rates can only go up and as they do, according to this plan, student interest rates will go up and up. In #Maryland, nearly 55 percent of students in the graduating Class of 2011 borrowed to pay for their education. Student loan debt has surpassed credit card debt at more than $1 trillion. It makes more sense to freeze rates at 3.4 percent until we can work out a viable, long-term fix to bring down the cost of higher education.  “I am deeply concerned about where we are headed in higher education. Last week, I sat down with Maryland students to talk about the cost of college. Most had previously needed loans to afford their tuition. Higher interest rates on federal student loans are essentially #tax hikes on students and their families. We not only risk their future, but we shortchange the future of our national and regional economies by pricing certain Americans out of the college market. I applaud my colleagues for working through the #gridlock and developing a bipartisan solution to the problem of high student loan interest rates. #Compromise is the way the Senate should be working through the issues of concern to the American people. But I cannot support an agreement that provides short-term relief at the expense of adding to the long-term lack of affordability of higher education."
Hospital and nursing home stays can be very stressful times time for older Americans and their families. Pennsylvania’s Medicare beneficiaries shouldn’t have to face the additional burden of thousands in medical bills that Medicare won’t reimburse. Older Americans living on fixed incomes have a reasonable expectation that their reimbursements will not be undermined by a bureaucratic shell game. Passing this legislation will ensure those reasonable expectations are met.
VIDEO: Donnelly Questions DOD and Navy Nominees on Suicide Prevention, Sexual Assault Investigations.
I’m pleased my office was able to help Justin Hawkins with his request for an American flag that had previously flown over the U.S. Capitol. Justin, I hope your new flag enjoys its new home in Sellersburg. -Joe
As the only AmeriCorps alum in the US Senate, I'm very proud to join the National Service Congressional Caucus. Service experiences yield lifelong benefits!
Met with future #NorthDakota #agriculture leaders. Charles from Kenmare & Mikayla from Napoleon. They were in town with National FFA Organization
There's no public official who's served Virginia in the last century who is as admired by Virginians of all political persuasions as former Sen. John Warner. And to be able to be a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and know that this Senator preceded me in fantastic service here is a very humbling thing.
These historic #military sexual assault reforms will better protect victims and prevent future sexual assaults. Claire’s fighting for #justice, join her in this historic fight.
Claire was proud to be joined by a group of retired female servicemembers, along with Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) and Senator Jon Tester (D-MT), to discuss the historic and bipartisan reforms approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee to combat military sexual assaults. The group of retired female judge advocate, commanders, and non-commissioned officers shared their personal views on how best to protect victims and prevent military sexual assault—articulating why keeping the commander involved in prosecutions is a critical component of any reform package.
ICYMI: This morning Senator Burr and I joined Fox and Friends to talk bipartisanship and the Student Loans bill. WATCH:  http://fxn.ws/13ecthE
Enjoyed meeting with young men and women from Boys and Girls State this morning. You make West Virginia proud!
Catch me this morning on Fox and Friends with Senator Burr. We will be discussing the passage of the Student Loan bill. Tune in around 8:40 a.m.
The National Institutes of Health is close to developing a universal flu vaccine -- a lifetime treatment that an individual would take once to gain immunity from the flu. The sequester is damaging NIH’s ability to progress towards this and other life-saving cures. We need to reverse the sequester.
Last night, I spoke with Judy Woodruff on the PBS Newshour. Here's the full interview in case you missed it:
“Discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity simply has no place in the United States. The judicial process should represent our nation’s principles of inclusion and acceptance, and eliminating the discriminatory exclusion of LGBT jurors is a necessary step to meeting that goal.” - CJS
The Senate Appropriations Committee took a major step in approving $16.7 million for the East-West Center.  Thank you to Senators Mikulski and Leahy for working with me to secure this funding.  This is a big win for Hawaii.
LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in standing up against sexual assault in the military and supporting legislation to hold military commanders accountable.  Our military is the strongest in the world, but we cannot tolerate the epidemic of military sexual assault.  My bill empowers survivors and sends the message that MST is always unacceptable.  Read more HERE (http://1.usa.gov/1bnnoQh).
What do the Santa Fe Railyard, Route 66 and Albuquerque's Sawmill neighborhood have in common? They were all revitalized thanks to the Brownfields program, which helps communities clean up and transform formerly polluted land. Yesterday, I was proud to chair a hearing on this program. I invited Bernalillo County NM Commission Vice Chair Debbie O'Malley, Smart Growth America and others to testify about how we are restoring previously unusable land while creating hundreds of jobs in New Mexico. We can do even more with the bipartisan BUILD Act, which I introduced to keep this excellent partnership going. Learn more below:
Here is what I have done and will continue to do: I will keep fighting for the significant federal work force that lives in the Commonwealth of Virginia. I will continue to come down to the floor and appeal to my colleagues and provide real examples of the real impacts that this sequestration is actually having on people's livelihoods. On a personal basis, I am giving up 20% of my salary through the end of this budget year. I am donating it to the federal employee education and assistance fund which provides emergency loans as well as childcare assistance, scholarship and other financial help for the families of federal and postal workers. I will continue to work with any colleague -- Democrat, Republican, Independent, Libertarian, vegetarian, it doesn't matter -- who is willing to work together on a deal to replace sequestration in a more rational way and get our debt and deficit under control.
Enjoyed spending time this morning with Jacob Nelson, Galen Creekmore, Alexis James and Grace Zeng, who are spending a week in DC learning about government and citizenship through American Legion Girls and Boys Nation. The students selected to represent their states are referred to as “Senators!”
NA
