Caitlyn Virts found safe. Such wonderful news. thanks to state and local law enforcement, and to vigilant citizens. Special thanks to Baltimore County Police Department and FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation.
I had the good fortune to meet Jen Hope and Dashun Jackson, two remarkable young people who had the courage to share their personal experiences on the critical issue of overmedication in foster care: http://on.wsj.com/1fdHvw4.  Voices like theirs can help ensure medical standards will be met and best practices followed in the interest of serving our nation’s foster children and their families.
On March 19, I'm co-hosting a Small Business Summit to bring together local leaders to discuss major trends and forces influencing small businesses in our region. Small businesses play a critical role in North Dakota's economy and this is a great opportunity for businesses to discuss challenges and solutions they face. Participants will also have the opportunity to hear from a senior product marketing manager from Google about ways small businesses can utilize online resources to increase sales and grow business. Register below to take part in the Small Business Summit. 
Today on International Women's Day and every day, I am inspired and awed by the the remarkable achievements and contributions women have made around the world. I hope you will join me in commemorating this day that honors women and girls past, present, and future and pledge again to improve the lives of all people and fight inequality wherever it exists.  #IWD2014  -JS
Our veterans deserve all the benefits they have earned.  The VA home loan program gives them the opportunity to own a home and stay in Hawai‘i.  After the VA dropped the maximum home loan guarantee for Honolulu earlier this year, Senator Schatz worked with the VA to increase the loan guarantees to $721,050 from $625,500, making it easier for Hawai‘i veterans and their families to own a home.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bK1fx8TC8Hk
Today is International Women's Day.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in celebrating and recognizing the achievements of women in our society and the progress we must continue to make.
