Voting against the resolution authorizing the use of military force in Iraq was one of my proudest moments as a Senator. It is long past time to close this tragic chapter in American history. 
Claire McCaskill joined Tammy at their first of three roundtables to discuss how colleges can better prevent and respond to campus sexual assault.   Read more here:
"At what point is access to abortion so limited that it violates the right to the procedure granted by the United States Supreme Court in 1973 in Roe v. Wade?”   Further evidence we need to pass the Women’s Health Protection Act NOW. A woman’s access to constitutionally protected rights should not depend on what state she lives in.   Share this. http://j.mp/1lW09NX
Harvey Milk became one of the first openly gay elected officials in the US, and gave a voice to an LGBT community that was experiencing widespread discrimination throughout the country.   It’s #HarveyMilkDay, so take a moment today to remember or read about this brave man who undoubtedly changed our country for the better: http://j.mp/1pg5sd #HarveyMilkDay
#TBT to a 1988 stroll on the beach. Enjoy the opening weekend in our great beach season in Delaware on one of our 5-star beaches and be safe on the water!
Funnel cloud spotted near Hartly http://delonline.us/1nw1OLc via Delawareonline.  Be safe out there!
Happy to have played a role in helping Congress come together to pass the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, a great investment in our nation’s water infrastructure that will help grow our economy along the Port of Wilmington and offer more resources to protect the Chesapeake Bay watershed.
Starting now!
NA
As we approach Memorial Day Weekend, I am calling on the VA to create a database to keep track of cemeteries where African American veterans who fought in the Civil War are buried. These soldiers volunteered at great personal risk, and it is important that we honor their heroism.  This is an important first step to ensure that we do not lose track of these historic sites, and it is the least we should do to honor these heroes.
Expanding access to higher ed is essential to building the middle class and ensuring all Americans get a #fairshot #TBT http://instagram.com/p/oTaXe9mCM3/ College of the Holy Cross
This afternoon, the Senate Armed Services Committee voted to include Senator Joe Donnelly’s Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014 as part of the national defense bill, which has been signed into law for 52 straight years. The bill will now advance to consideration before the full Senate later this year.  Donnelly said, “This is an important first step…addressing military suicide cannot wait. There is no one solution to prevent military suicide, but there are commonsense steps we can take to help our servicemembers before it’s too late. I will continue to work nonstop with my friend Senator Roger Wicker and colleagues on both sides of the aisle to see this through to the finish line so that the Sexton Act can be signed into law by the end of this year.”
Glad to see my friend and colleague Harvey Milk honored today. Read my statement here:
A range of different groups come together on Klamath Basin proposals. Great to see compromise on difficult issue.
When your day gets long and you need a boost, what snacks do you reach for?
If Speaker Boehner were truly concerned about keeping our border safe, he would stop blocking the bipartisan immigration reform bill passed by the senate nearly a year ago. His comments ring hollow. I invite Speaker Boehner to actually travel to New Mexico’s border community and visit America's newest National Monument. 
When does red chile and black coffee make for a historic breakfast...?  Don Rogelio of Don Rogelio's Salsas in Las Cruces sent this Red Chile Sauce to DC as part of the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks celebration yesterday.  Thanks to Don and all the other businesses who supported this effort.  See you in Cruces, Don!
Check out this article from the Grand Forks Herald about how my bill to create a Commission on Native Children is moving full steam ahead. I'll keep fighting to give our Native kids the support and futures they deserve. 
Today I helped pass a comprehensive, bipartisan bill that will authorize permanent flood protection for more than 200,000 North Dakotans. It also makes clear that the Army Corps can’t charge for water from Lake Sakakawea and Lake Oahe – an issue I’ve been working on since I was Attorney General. We still have a lot of work to do, but I’m confident that if we work together on these projects, we can achieve long-term flood protection for North Dakotans.
Today I introduced a bill to help support foster children and their foster families, and encourage more Americans to consider offering safe homes for foster children. The bill would establish a tax credit to help cover the costs of caring for a foster child. North Dakota foster parents change children’s lives, and do it without asking for much in return. We need to encourage families and give them the support they need. This is particularly true for Native American kids who are three times as likely to be in foster care compared to the general population. 
I called on President Obama to reassess the EPA’s proposed regulations on new coal-fired power plants. I have long said that we need to reduce emissions, but the Administration’s proposed regulations on new coal-fired power plants are forcing companies to use clean coal technology that isn’t yet available. Instead, we need to incentivize the development of clean coal technology to improve air quality while also finding a realistic path forward for coal – as the bill I introduced would do. I called on the President to reassess its proposed rule because coal provides nearly 80 percent of North Dakota’s electricity, and if we just freeze coal out of our system, coal jobs will go away and electricity costs will spike. 
Check out my letter to the editor in the Grand Forks Herald about why we need to raise the minimum wage. 
VIDEO: ‘Now we’re ready for the next step.’ Sen. Leahy, after House OKs Leahy-Sensenbrenner USA FREEDOM Act in strong vote. 
I applaud today's decision by the United Nations Security Council to add Boko Haram to the international terrorist list. This decision will help stop the ability of Boko Haram thugs to terrorize the people of Northern Nigeria and help stop reprehensible attacks in the future.  Earlier this month I led a bipartisan letter with all 20 Senate women calling on President Obama to take action to push the U.N. Security Council to take action. #BringBackOurGirls 
"Missouri has a proud tradition of military service, and I'm proud to once again help craft policies to bolster our national security, and maintain the critical role our state plays in keeping America safe. This legislation includes huge steps forward on stronger accountability over taxpayer dollars, on keeping our promises to our military veterans, and on our continuing effort to better protect and empower victims of sexual assault. And its wide, bipartisan support is a welcome reminder that America's security doesn't have to be a partisan issue." -Claire
Nobody who works hard their entire life should have to worry about making ends meet in retirement. It’s time we stop talking about reducing Social Security benefits and instead focus on giving our seniors a raise.
It’s been 329 days since the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration bill that would create jobs, reduce our deficit, and keep families from being torn apart.  Let’s pass immigration reform today, and make it take effect at the beginning of 2017.  If Republicans don’t trust President Obama, then let’s give the next President the opportunity to implement it.   To be clear, delaying implementation of immigration reform is not my preference. But I’ll do whatever I can to help get this important bill across the finish line.   http://fusion.net/america_with_jorge_ramos/story/boehner-spars-jorge-ramos-immigration-reform-706699
My colleagues and I wrote a letter to the NFL urging it to change the derogatory and offensive name of Washington's football team.  
I’m calling for equal voting access for Native Americans because the right to vote is a sacred right that should not be infringed upon.  1.usa.gov/1jZuGrk
What I hear from Rhode Island families is that the cost of college is getting harder and harder to bear.  But gaining the skills and knowledge necessary to succeed in our economy requires advanced training and often a college degree.  That’s why I’m standing with Senate Democrats in fighting to reduce the burden of student debt and make college more affordable for middle class families.  Sign our petition and tell the Senate our students need a fair shot: http://democrats.senate.gov/fairshotcollege/  
Today the Senate passed the Water Resources Development Act, and sent the bipartisan legislation to the President to become law. The final legislation included Warner-Kaine amendments which provide commonsense fixes to allow us to continue making progress on important Virginia priorities. We have cut red tape to provide a land transfer that supports the Craney Island expansion – a port expansion project that will strengthen Virginia’s economy and support thousands of jobs. In addition, we protected funding for Bay oyster restoration efforts, which will help restore the health of the Bay while also generating income for Virginia’s working watermen.
