Millions of Americans are now able to have affordable health care. With the new law, we can say goodbye to lifetime limits, denial of coverage based on pre-existing conditions, or higher premiums simply because of you are a woman. If you are having concerns about your enrollment or coverage, please call this toll free number: 1 (800) 318-2596.
Can't wait to see the #Tigers take down the North Dakota State Bison. #FightOn Towson University
NA
It’s crucial that we make sure our kids are given healthy meals at school so they are ready to learn each day. But we also need to give flexibility to schools, especially those in rural areas, to enable them to provide nutritious meals without excessive restrictions. I’ve heard from North Dakota educators about how the current law makes it hard for them to find this needed balance. That’s why I cosponsored legislation to give our schools the flexibility they need to provide healthy meals for students. And the USDA will announce it plans to use the approach in that legislation to strike the right balance, which helps put North Dakota’s schools and students on the right path forward.
My state offices are continuing to offer internships to students this spring for motivated North Dakotans in the Fargo and Minot areas. Interns play critical roles in my office, have a chance to participate in the government processes, and gain real-world skills and experience. Below are the details to apply.
Eight years ago, the precious lives of twelve miners were taken tragically at Sago. On that day, I grieved with the miners’ families and with all West Virginians. Their strength and sacrifice remain in my heart each and every day, and my thoughts and prayers go out to them and their loved ones on this sad anniversary. Since Sago, we have made tremendous strides to improve mine safety by passing historic legislation, and today serves as a reminder that we must continue to make improvements so that that our miners’ lives are never in jeopardy.  The safety of our workers is our number one priority, and I remain absolutely and totally committed to making sure our miners come home safely after every shift.
Buck Harless was a dear friend not only to me, but to all of West Virginia. Gayle and I are deeply saddened to learn of his passing, and we extend our condolences to his wife Hallie, his entire family and to all of those who were touched by his exceptional life. I will always remember and admire Buck’s passion to make West Virginia a better place to work and to live, and his contributions to our state, particularly to our coal industry, state education programs and Boy Scouts of America, will never be forgotten. Buck was, and will continue to be an inspiration to me and so many others in this state, and he will be deeply missed.
Successful pheasant hunt in beautiful Monroe County, WV with my grandson Jack and my sons in law Jeff Bresch and Marshall Roberts.
The first order of business when the Senate returns next week will be to vote on extending unemployment benefits that have expired. We must pass this legislation in order to continue our economic growth and help expand the middle class.
