Last week, along with Senators Claire McCaskill and Kirsten Gillibrand, I introduced a bill to address campus sexual assault. As we recess for the month of August, we cannot lose sight of the importance of this bill and its role in college students lives as they return to school for the fall.  No victim should suffer alone. Share this, and sign up to tell Congress we want safer college campuses. Join us in support of the Campus Accountability and Safety Act: http://democrats.senate.gov/casa
Read Ben's op-ed on what Congress can do to bolster the U.S-#Africa trade relationship, elevate #humanrights and fight global poverty.  "The U.N. projects that by 2035 Africa’s working-age population will be larger than that of China or India. The potential importance of this emerging demographic, both as producers and potential consumers, is difficult to overstate. #AGOA allows the U.S. and Africa both to take advantage of this dynamism."  
NA
NA
This week I was able to visit the NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. Wallops contractors and NASA have been in partnership with numerous Delaware companies and universities; this includes UD’s leadership with the Mid-Atlantic Coastal Resiliency Institute and the Port of Wilmington and Spaceport Support Services liquid fuel system among others. I am very excited about the work they are doing and their continued partnership with Delaware in the future.
While at the Indiana State Fair yesterday, Joe visited the Pathway to Water Quality exhibit. Pathway to Water Quality promotes good land and water management practices to protect our soil and water resources.
Joe hosted a U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging Field Hearing in Indianapolis entitled "Trust Your Instincts? Tools to Empower Seniors to Identify Scams and Fraud." The hearing aimed to help Hoosier seniors recognize potential warning signs of financial predators. For more information and to read testimony from Joe and other Field Hearing participants, click here: http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-holds-field-hearing-to-empower-hoosiers-generate-new-ideas-on-how-to-address-scams-and-fraud-targeting-seniors
Today I brought together top U.S. Department of Agriculture officials – including U.S. Agriculture Under Secretary Robert Bonnie and former U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ed Shafer – in Wahpeton to highlight the importance of rural development and investing in rural communities throughout North Dakota We also celebrated the 100th anniversary of the Richland County Courthouse. Having grown up in a small town in Richland County, I know how critical and valuable it is to invest in rural communities – the backbone of states like North Dakota – and I’ll keep fighting to help our rural towns thrive. http://1.usa.gov/1pXOpv4
Today I brought a top U.S. Department of Agriculture official overseeing conservation compliance to North Dakota to hear firsthand from our farmers, just as I have, about the challenges they face in complying with these rules. During the drafting of the 2014 Farm Bill, I worked to eliminate the most harmful provisions associated with a new policy to require conservation compliance for crop insurance because I knew the burden it would put on North Dakota farmers. I’m hoping today that USDA Under Secretary Robert Bonnie will better understand farmers’ challenges and take special attention as the Administration implements the changes so they better support farmers. http://1.usa.gov/1paTfc1
While I was in Grand Forks today, I stopped by Dakota Harvest Bakery, Waterfront Kitchen and Bath and Dave Badman's Design to see the great products they have.  It's important that as a community,  we support our local small businesses - which in North Dakota, represent 96% of all employers.
Yesterday, Congressman Steven Horsford and I announced that newly confirmed Secretary of Veterans Affairs Bob McDonald has signed off on relevant paperwork to begin the permitting process for the construction of an outpatient veterans clinic in Pahrump, Nevada.  I am pleased Secretary McDonald has fulfilled his commitment to our veterans in Pahrump who have been waiting for too long for this new clinic. Congressman Horsford and I will continue to work together to ensure that the Pahrump clinic is completed to guarantee our nation’s veterans always have access to their benefits.
Met Trina yesterday in NYC. Fighting to pass the Able Act to ensure a bright future for stars like her.
Spent time on Wednesday with folks from the Lexington Center - a nurturing environment where children and adults with disabilities can truly achieve their goals. The Able Act would help even more in the Capital Region and across NY do the same.
Taking it easy with Jackson Browne.
John Fogerty still ain't no Senator's son.
Senator Shaheen today welcomed the announcement by the Air Force that Pease Air National Guard Base – home to the 157th Air Refueling Wing – has been officially selected to receive the new KC-46A air refueling tanker.   “The official selection of Pease to be the home of the KC-46As is a testament to the 157th Air Refueling Wing’s exceptional record of service. Aerial refueling is a vital component of our military’s ability to operate around the world, and the new KC-46As at Pease will serve our national defense and local economy well for years to come. I want to congratulate all the men and women at Pease for this extraordinary recognition and look forward to continuing to support all of their efforts.”  -JS  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1vaEz1h  
#KeepItPublic
Honored to bring the Chairwoman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Barbara Mikulski, to Newport News Shipbuilding to meet the world's best shipbuilders and see the strong ties between the Navy and Hampton Roads.
Great turnout at the @VA_Cntr4SchoolSafety #safetyforum in Hampton, Va. Bipartisan #CASAct is a strong step towards ending campus sexual assault and making campuses safer
NA
