Tammy was proud to participate in a panel on “The Middle Class Squeeze & Effects of Inequality” at the Center for American Progress 2014 Policy Conference, #MakingProgress.  “Making progress means building a strong middle class from the bottom and the middle out!” - TB  View Tammy’s panel discussion here:
Tammy supports the President's recent proposal calling on the FCC to protect the free and open Internet and to keep Internet service providers from creating an unequal playing field.  “Equal equitable access to the Internet…is something we hold very dear.” - TB  Read more about Tammy’s stance on net neutrality here:
After Colorado experienced historic and devastating natural disasters in recent years, we asked the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) to examine climate change’s impact on the cost of federal flood and crop insurance. Today’s findings demonstrate that we must act quickly to address climate change in our country. Washington’s failure to act will leave our kids and grandkids with even tougher decisions – on both climate and our debt and deficit.
Earlier this week, Senate Republicans blocked an NSA measure that would have increased the trust and credibility of our intelligence system. By regaining strong, effective oversight, I will continue to fight for intelligence reform and to hold our government accountable for protecting Americans essential right to privacy. http://j.mp/1tezLRJ
Happy birthday VP #Biden.
I was thrilled to address the Jobs for America's Graduates (JAG)'s leadership awards today as this proud organization, started under the leadership of former Governor Pete du Pont and currently chaired by Governor Markell, celebrated its millionth student! Even better I was able to meet some of Delaware's promising high school students and their advisers involved in JAG who made the trip to Washington.
It is shameful that black lung benefits claimants have to wait years for their cases to be decided.  Our nation’s hard-working miners deserve much better. This legislation has the opportunity to add transparency to the black lung claims process, improve it in a significant way and bring justice to miners and their families.
Today is National Rural Health Day and it is important to recognize the amazing work rural hospitals do for Illinoisans from Rockford to all the way down to Carbondale. I’ve always been a strong supporter of rural hospitals because of the critical services they offer and the important role they play in keeping Illinoisans healthy. Picture here is from May at a ceremonial groundbreaking for the renovation of Community Memorial Hospital in Staunton, IL.
#TBT to exactly 511 days ago, when the Senate passed a bipartisan comprehensive #immigration reform bill: http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=5d3e75e1-5d76-4009-8550-74103c737c35
“Seniors and all Hoosiers should have peace of mind knowing they can answer their phones free from the risk of having a criminal on the other end of the line seeking to scam them. This bipartisan legislation would take steps to help protect seniors and all consumers from phone scams by giving people additional protection and closing existing loopholes. We must work together—both Democrats and Republicans as well as government and private industry—to crack down on spoofing and phone scams.” –Joe today announcing his support for the Anti-Spoofing Act of 2014.
Today is National Rural Health Day. Hoosier health care professionals are doing amazing work each and every day for our rural communities across the state. Learn more about #NRHD below.
The bill I introduced this week will help to build a "front door," literally and figuratively, where the community can interact directly with the scientists and engineers who are our laboratory's greatest assets.  This will eliminate many of the barriers that have historically limited commercial technology transfer and incentivize the private sector jobs that result from successful commercialization projects.
Today, for National Rural Health Day, I want to thank the hard working and dedicated doctors, nurses, lab technicians, and other health care professionals that continue to provide top-notch care for rural patients all across North Dakota. In addition to being our neighbors and community leaders, rural health care professionals commit themselves to demanding, and often times thankless, jobs that are essential building blocks for our rural communities. As I travel across North Dakota, I try to stop at rural health facilities, like the Sakakawea Medical Center in Hazen I visited last earlier this year, to thank rural health care professionals and learn about how I can help make sure they have the resources they need to care for folks in our communities. Join me today in celebrating National Rural Health Day by thanking the nurses, doctors and health care professionals in your community.
This morning, I brought together key experts and policy makers to discuss how we can get to the root of the effects of traumatic stress on Native American children, and help stop it. The scars of exposure to violence and traumatic events run deep in our tribal communities, particularly for our Native American children. Thanks to a growing body of research, we are beginning to decipher ways to treat this trauma, and more importantly, how to prevent it from happening in the first place. For years I’ve been fighting for better protections for our children – my first bill in the Senate would create a Commission on Native Children to confront adversity kids in Indian Country face, and I’ve worked closely with the Justice Department’s Task Force on violence against Native kids. We’ve come a long way – but we still have much work to do. Our Native kids are counting on us for a brighter future – and we can’t let them down. http://1.usa.gov/1vtN4oG
Today I met with my friend, Jasper Schneider, the recently-named Rural Utilities Service Acting Administrator and North Dakotan to discuss his new role and the importance of making sure rural communities have access to essential utilities. About 40 percent of North Dakota’s population lives in rural areas, so access to water systems, high-speed Internet, and reliable and affordable electricity are services families and businesses think about every day. I’m confident that Jasper will continue to stand up for rural communities, and I will keep working closely with him to help support small towns in our state and around this country. http://1.usa.gov/1r11zcf
Pushed for today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing because of the historic trauma Native kids are facing in North Dakota and across the country. Our Native children deserve a fair shot to succeed and we must help them overcome the long term impacts of traumatic stress. To continue to look into this challenge, tomorrow morning at 8:00am CT/9:00am ET, I will be leading a roundtable discussion with experts and lead policy makers about the impact of traumatic stress on Native American children and how to stop it. Native American children have a 2.3 percent higher rate of exposure to trauma and two times the rate of abuse and neglect than other ethnic groups. Click here to watch the discussion live tomorrow morning: http://1.usa.gov/1xE8CyU. We need to address violence in Indian Country on the front end. We can’t let another generation go without adequate care. We can’t just say we are working on it, because in the face of the statistics, is not an adequate response. We need real solutions with real results.
Now more than ever, Americans need a Surgeon General with the right combination of experience to address the modern day public health threats we face. Dr. Vivek Murthy, President Obama's nominee for Surgeon General, is a well-qualified physician and public health leader who has what it takes to be the nation's top doctor. That’s why he has the support of hundreds of health organizations and former Surgeons General. Throughout his entire career, he’s worked to improve the health and well-being of communities. Today I met with Dr. Vivek Murthy and I’m proud to support his nomination. I urge my Senate colleagues to swiftly confirm his nomination so he can begin working on behalf of the American people.
A very special #TBT: A few meaningful moments meeting with & working alongside pro-immigration reform men & women in the past decade+. Thank you for your support!  Tonight, as President Obama takes executive action on immigration, I think about how this impacts millions around our country who want nothing more than to keep their families together & contribute to this nation.  No matter what side of the aisle you’re on, we can all agree our immigration system is terribly broken. This historic announcement gives us the opportunity to move the ball forward & begin to fix it.
Today I issued a call for comprehensive reform of the Connecticut election administration. Many local registrars have run smooth, efficient elections for decades, but simple and inexcusable mistakes on the part of some local registrars have resulted in citizens being denied their constitutional right to vote. Read my full statement in the Hartford Courant.
Claire today grilled automakers on whether they have adequately responded to recalls of Takata driver and passenger side airbags, telling executives from Chrysler and Honda: "I don’t think the people who are driving these cars understand the risk. Because you guys aren’t even comfortable with being consistent as to whether or not you’re telling [the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration] it’s a service campaign or a safety recall."
I disagree with the President’s decision to use executive action to make changes to our immigration system, and I disagree with the House’s decision to not even take a vote on the bipartisan Senate legislation that overwhelmingly passed in June 2013.  The American people made it clear on election night that they want government to work better for them and to solve real problems that impact their lives. We have the chance to show them that we heard their message and are willing to act. We will only achieve sustainable, comprehensive immigration reform if all sides work together. For that to happen, Congress must work with the President to debate the issues and vote to secure our borders, create a tough legalization process, and ensure employers don’t hire illegal immigrants. We successfully passed a bipartisan bill on the Senate side, and all we’re asking is that the House takes a vote as well. http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=63333d1d-eed4-4e10-ba31-1f3a9ac4d12a
Today, I am proud to introduce legislation with my colleagues that will ensure coal miners receive the benefits they have earned and deserve by reforming the federal black lung benefits program. The very least we can do is make sure that all miners have access to adequate medical care and legal counseling while ensuring that unfair practices do not delay or deny a miner their benefits. I will continue this fight until our brave miners receive the necessary assistance and care they have earned.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7a0a70e5-c75c-4110-858e-c98aa3b4c460
On November 20, 1917, one of the greatest Americans to grace the hills of West Virginia and the halls of United States Senate, Robert C. Byrd, was born. From his humble beginnings as a child of the Appalachian coalfields to his rise as one of the most influential voices in Congress, Senator Byrd led a distinguished life that has inspired so many, including myself. He was a proud defender of the Constitution, a determined fighter for the Mountain State and a dedicated husband and father, and his contributions to our state and nation are unparalleled. I know that his life and his legacy will continue to inspire West Virginians and Americans for generations to come, and every day that I walk down the halls of the United States Senate, I do my best to follow in his footsteps. So today, on his 97th birthday, I join all West Virginians in remembering our great statesman for his lifelong dedication of outstanding public service. May God bless his memory today and every day.
There are families all across America who worry everyday about being torn apart. They will be in my mind as I listen to the President tonight.  The immigration action by the President is not a political victory; it is a victory for families. It’s about saying to good, law-abiding people that they don’t have to spend another holiday season wondering if it’s the last they’ll spend together.
#tbt to Presidents Eisenhower, Nixon, Ford, Reagan, HW Bush & Bush acting on #immigration - precedent for @barackobama's immigration action today.
ICYMI: The Washington Post Editorial Board calls on the Senate to take up Senator Shaheen's and Senator Portman's bipartisan energy efficiency plan. Shaheen-Portman would create nearly 200,000 jobs, reduce pollution and save taxpayers billions of dollars.
Today is National Rural Health Day – a day to recognize the unique health care challenges and opportunities in rural areas. In the Senate, I'm committed to addressing those challenges, and am working to ensure that families in rural communities in New Mexico and throughout the country have access to quality health care. I've introduced legislation to increase access to primary care services in rural communities through incentives attract more nurses and doctors to live in work in rural areas and on tribal lands. I continue to push for funding for expanded telehealth technologies to provide patients in rural areas with greater access to highly specialized care, without needing to be transported to larger hospitals. And I've also introduced the bipartisan Rural Veterans Improvement Act to improve access to care for our veterans living in rural areas through expanded transportation options, recruiting and retraining doctors, and improvements at rural clinics. Everyone deserves access to quality health care, and I'm committed to addressing rural health challenges to ensure the health and economic well-being of our rural communities.
Congratulations to the 49th Wing at Holloman Air Force Base on winning the 2014 Air Force Outstanding Unit Award! I’m glad the Air Force has recognized the hard work of the outstanding men and women at Holloman, and proud to have such an exceptional unit representing New Mexico and the nation. Their dedicated service in support of our national security is certainly worthy of this prestigious award.
I am deeply troubled by the horrific sexual assault allegations at the University of Virginia that were reported by Rolling Stone magazine, and I add my voice to those calling for a full and thorough investigation.   It’s time that Congress, universities, and law enforcement authorities work together to combat this epidemic. That’s why I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in introducing the Campus Safety and Accountability Act, which would empower students, improve reporting, and strengthen transparency and accountability at our colleges and universities.   Since introducing this legislation, I have traveled the Commonwealth and met with numerous college and university officials to discuss the issue and press for real reforms. Across the Commonwealth and across the country, we must end a culture that tolerates campus sexual assault.    http://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/7/bipartisan-bill-takes-aim-at-sexual-assault-on-campuses-protecting-students-boosting-accountability-and-transparency-at-colleges-and-universities
Last Wednesday, President Obama nominated Antonio Weiss to serve as Under Secretary for Domestic Finance at the Treasury Department. Neither his background nor his professional experience makes Weiss qualified to oversee consumer protection and domestic regulatory functions at the Treasury. Enough is enough.
