The Senate just passed my resolution with Senator Dianne Feinstein honoring the 150th anniversary of the Yosemite Grant Act. You can see why President Lincoln decided to protect the Yosemite Valley and Mariposa Grove for future generations to enjoy. #Yosemite150
We ate oysters from East Coast Shellfish Growers Association , cheese from Beltane Farm, and Skyped live with crew aboard the Morgan—an 1841 Mystic Seaport wooden whaling vessel sailing the New England coast.   25 Connecticut businesses came to Capitol Hill to showcase their products and #DiscoverCT was a hit!
The best way to honor the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act is to move forward additional changes that are critically needed to strengthen the civil rights of all Americans. I am proud to join the leaders of the House Quad Caucuses in this effort. Racial profiling is un-American. It has no place within the values of our country. It should have no place in law enforcement. It wastes valuable resources. It turns communities against the partnerships needed to keep our communities safe. It can harm people. It has to end.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVzHW2qzT0s
About to talk #ChesapeakeBay health with Chuck Todd on the The Daily Rundown. Tune into msnbc now.
It was an honor to introduce a Delawarean, Richard Wilkins of Greenwood, to my colleagues at Senate Finance today as we met to discuss trade enforcement, a topic vital to our farmers in Delaware.
On Monday, I stopped by the customer service company Sitel in Milford to meet with employees. They have 100 positions open and are hiring!
"Americans’ privacy rights don’t end when their information is on a screen instead of on a page."
Great last practice early this morning before playing in tonight’s Congressional Baseball game at Nationals Stadium. Looking forward to representing Indiana and wearing jerseys of IPFW Athletics & Ball State Sports.
I am disappointed San Francisco missed the opportunity to house the George Lucas Museum. The City would have benefited.
Key federal court decisions today on gay marriage, including 1st Appeals Court decision since SCOTUS struck down DOMA. The march continues!
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled today that police need warrants to search cellphones of people they arrest. Privacy rights prevail!   
Thank you to all of my Facebook followers who today helped me pass the 5,000 fan milestone! I appreciate all your support and feedback – and don’t forget to share my page with your friends!
Today at a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, I questioned the witnesses on how we can encourage folks to invest in economic development in Indian Country. 
Today the Mandan Rural Fire Protection District received more than $87,000 in federal funds to purchase equipment for its new fire truck. These funds will help make sure the Mandan Rural Fire Protection District has the necessary and updated equipment to arrive on the scene prepared to respond to any situation, while also making sure they are protected as they do their jobs. 
Today, I called on the President to seek Congressional authorization for any U.S. military action in Iraq and submit a new Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) to deal with today's threats. Watch my floor speech:
Senator Leahy Wednesday held a hearing on bipartisan and bicameral legislation to strengthen the Voting Rights Act and combat voter discrimination in all states and jurisdictions.  The Hearing coincided with the 1 year anniversary of the Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby County v. Holder, which weakened the long standing civil rights legislation.
On this 1st annual #ImmigrantHeritageMonth, check out the video below with my family’s story.   I hope this month allows us to think of – & thank – the immigrants who came before us & followed their hearts, worked hard, & contributed to America’s exceptionalism by living the American Dream.   I also think this new celebration of our immigrant past should help lead us to a brighter, more prosperous future with no second-class citizens.
I've travelled across Connecticut to meet with entrepreneurs and hear about their challenges in the startup business world. Over and over again I hear that one of the biggest challenges they face is accessing the capital to grow a business. That's why I introduced the Angel Tax Credit Act: a bill that would provide investors with further incentive to invest capital in startup businesses. The bill is based on Connecticut's Angel Tax Credit, which has generated millions of dollars for startups in the state by encouraging investors to support these small businesses.  We should be doing everything we can to create small business jobs in high-growth industries. These companies are the backbone of our economy and I'm proud to introduce legislation that will support their future growth.  http://www.nhregister.com/business/20140624/connecticut-sen-chris-murphy-pushes-for-angel-tax-credits
Had a great time last night at Discover CT with Senator Blumenthal. We hosted 25 Connecticut businesses on Capitol Hill for a reception to showcase what makes Connecticut the best state in the nation. People from all over the country stopped by to taste great food and drinks and visit with Connecticut companies that are making a difference in their states. Thanks to all the businesses for coming down and to all who stopped by! Beltane FarmEast Coast Shellfish Growers AssociationFoxon Park BeveragesKillam & Bassette Farmstead, LLC Mystic Aquarium & Institute for ExplorationMystic SeaportOla! FoodsNestlé WatersStew Leonard'sStarwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.White Oak Farm and TableBack East Brewing CompanyBroad Brook Brewing Willimantic Brewing Company Cambridge House Brew Pub of Granby Olde Burnside Brewing Thomas Hooker Brewery The Mashantucket Pequot Museum & Research Center The Mark Twain House & Museum PEZ Candy, Inc. Pepperidge Farm Palmieri Foods Tantaquidgeon Museum Marco Pizzeria
ICYMI: Today I joined Senator Whitehouse on the Senate floor to discuss the impacts of climate change and the importance of coal in America’s energy portfolio. I am pleased that we could begin a dialogue on how we can establish an all-of-the-above energy policy that acknowledges the reality of climate change, while also understanding that fossil fuels – including coal – will be a vital part of our energy mix for decades to come.  To watch a video of our remarks, please click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlgCcaIO69o&feature=youtu.be
I am proud to congratulate the city of Williamson for receiving the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) Culture of Health Prize for its work to help improve the community’s health and wellbeing through creative and innovative strategies. There is no sweeter feat than when community members come together to take charge of their own future and make plans to revitalize the place they call home. The Williamson community truly deserves this award for taking matters into its own hands, improving the quality of life for the surrounding area and making it a priority to live healthier lifestyles. I congratulate Williamson’s success and hope the city’s initiatives will inspire other communities around our great state to take action.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=4a1e29c8-84f6-404e-9304-8128eb065404
I'm pleased the Senate voted 95-3 today to pass the bipartisan  Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA). The bill aims to improve workforce development and help more Rhode Islanders access 21st-century job opportunities.  Here is my floor statement from earlier today on WIOA and our latest bipartisan effort to #RenewUI:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlK05kYm6DY&feature=youtu.be
Congrats to #RI’s Irish step dancing master Kevin Doyle for winning a National Heritage Fellowship from National Endowment for the Arts, our nation's highest honor in the folk arts.  Kevin is an elite artist with a common touch.  He makes Irish step dancing look easy, but he is someone who has poured many years of hard work, sweat, and soul into honing his craft.  I think it is great that he is being recognized on a national stage and making Rhode Island and our Irish-American community proud.  http://arts.gov/honors/heritage/fellows/kevin-doyle
My Republican friends often complain about Senate procedure regarding votes on amendments. The truth is, Republicans are complaining about process because they simply don't want to pass so many important bills that would help middle class American families.  Today, I offered Republicans a vote on Keystone and energy efficiency. They rejected it: 
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Today is the 138th anniversary of the Battle of Little Bighorn.  The battlefield serves as a monument to our past and a reminder that America can only move forward if we work together in peace.
Today, I'm glad to report some bipartisan progress on a bill to help New Mexicans get back to work. Earlier, I joined the Senate in passing the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act - a bill I strongly supported to make much-needed updates to our job-training programs.   Not only will this bill provide investments to update and improve job and skills training, it will eliminate duplicative and outdated programs, all while giving states like New Mexico the funding and flexibility we need to cater services to our individual workforce.   This bill is just one way I’m working to help create new jobs and rebuild New Mexico's economy, and I'm very pleased we were able to come together across party lines to get it passed. Click below to learn more about what's in the bill, and share it with others to spread the word.
Continuing to produce outdated or duplicate government reports year after year is a waste of time and taxpayer money, so I am pleased to see such strong bipartisan support for our effort to eliminate at least 60 of them. Federal agencies should be focused on delivering results for taxpayers instead of wasting time and resources producing reports that nobody uses or even reads.
Best of luck to University of Virginia Baseball playing for the national championship tonight! #GoHoos 
