This weekend at its national conference in Houston, the National Rifle Association celebrated. The organization is celebrating the fact that the Senate, despite the wishes of a majority of Americans, failed to pass the gun violence prevention bill last month. Don't take my word for it. Take theirs.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-richard-blumenthal/theres-nothing-to-celebra_b_3211185.html
U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today issued the following statement after the Maryland Chapter of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in Americavisited his state office to thank him for his support of gun control legislation.  “Last month the Senate failed to pass, bipartisan, commonsense gun control that 90% of Americans favored. Today, I met with members of the Maryland Chapter of Moms Demand Action on Gun Sense in America. I stand with them in continuing to call for passage of gun control legislation that will save lives. I told the mothers who visited my state office today that I will continue to support background checks, a ban on military style assault weapons and high capacity magazines as well as regulations designed to stop interstate gun trafficking and increase access to mental health services.  “I also want to thank Moms Demand Action for their passionate, common sense advocacy and for putting a face on an issue that claims many thousands of American lives each year. As lawmakers, we cannot stand idle after each tragedy, failing to take action. We know that we won’t be able to stop every tragedy, but we absolutely can save lives.”  http://alturl.com/g2r7j
NA
The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe( U.S. Helsinki Commission), Chaired by Senator Cardin   Democracy in Albania: the Pace of Progress  Monday, May 6, 2013  3:00 p.m.  Prior to 1991, Albania was ruled by one of the communist world’s most repressive regimes and was the only country in Europe refusing to participate in the Helsinki process.  In the two decades since, the country made enormous strides to become a democratic state where human rights are respected and to become an active participant in European affairs, including as a member of   North Atlantic Treaty Organization since 2009.   Despite this progress, Albania continues to struggle in building its democratic institutions and practices, including respect for the rule of law.  As Albania prepares for parliamentary elections in June, this hearing hopes to assess the degree to which progress has begun to fall short of expectations at home and abroad, and what can be done to accelerate the pace of further reforms related to good governance.  The following witnesses are scheduled to testify:  Philip T. Reeker, Deputy Assistant Secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs, U.S. Department of State  Gilbert Galanxhi, Ambassador of Albania to the United States of America  Elez Biberaj, Director, Eurasia Division, Voice of America  Besa Shahini, Senior Analyst, European Stability Initiative  **Streaming will be available 3pm EST**  http://www.senate.gov/isvp?type=live&comm=srs&filename=csce050613
Senator Donnelly has a new website where by clicking here you can sign up for his e-newsletter, learn about how Joe's office can help you with federal agencies, or request a tour of the Capitol. Check it out today.
National Teacher Week gives us the opportunity to raise awareness about the important role teachers play in our lives. New Mexico’s prosperity depends on expanding educational opportunities for all students and ensuring our teachers have the resources and support necessary to succeed. Thank a teacher today!
It is clear that it is unfair to let out-of-state businesses benefit from tax loopholes, while brick-and-mortar North Dakota businesses are held to a different standard.
Two Fargo Davies students named Presidential Scholars. Way to go Maneesh and Anjali!
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
I just introduced the Syria Stabilization Act. To learn more about it and read the full text of the bill, check out my press release: http://1.usa.gov/10jZGJZ
At Yale this morning discussing why we need to get big money out of politics
Reason for recent Facebook silence? Just back from trip to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Syrian refugee camps. Details to come.
Today, I voted in support of the Marketplace Fairness Act because it is a chance to do more than just talk – it’s a chance to show we really care about small businesses. It levels the playing field and gives our Main Street businesses a fighting chance in competing with Internet vendors that are not required to collect sales tax.   To see my recent floor speech in support of the Marketplace Fairness Act, please click here.  http://1.usa.gov/15GXH9S
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 45 – Monongalia County      Fact: Home to the late Don Knotts, best known for his role as Barney Fife on The Andy Griffith Show  Recommendation: If you want some real excitement, try a WVU game. Let’s go … Mountaineers!   http://www.wvusports.com/
Always enjoy when my friend Davey Johnson, manager of the Washington Nationals, stops in for a chat. We had a good conversation this afternoon about Nevada baseball greats Bryce Harper and Greg Maddux.
Via Seacoastonline.com, a telling reminder why an Internet sales tax would be bad for business and bad for the Granite State.
"At a time when too many Americans are unemployed, too many businesses are struggling to deal with rising energy costs and the country relies too heavily on foreign oil, implementing an energy efficiency strategy is a matter of common sense," Senator Shaheen wrote in the Nashua Telegraph this week on her bipartisan energy efficiency bill.  Read more below on why the bill is a win-win-win for America's economy, environment and energy independence.
In April, Senator Schatz co-sponsored legislation designating this week as Public Service Recognition Week. We now have a chance to honor the thousands of public employees serving communities in Hawaii. They include our fire fighters, food inspectors, public health providers, military personnel, and cancer researchers—to name a few. Please join Senator Schatz in taking a moment to thank our public servants this week.  http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/D?c113:1:./temp/~c1136lZvM1::
This week is Public Service Recognition Week, when we honor the hard-working public servants who go the extra mile to serve our communities.  On behalf of all Montanans, thank you to our troops, our teachers, our firefighters, and the many others who keep us safe, strengthen our economy, and take care of our veterans.
