"My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Ariel Sharon and the people of Israel at this very difficult time. For eight years, they have stood vigil as a great general fought the greatest battle of his life. His legacy shall always be an unwavering dedication to the security of the Jewish State of #Israel and his willingness to move the peace process forward. May he now find the #shalom he always sought for the land of our ancestors."
In case you missed it, Senator Donnelly gave a speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate on Wednesday outlining his Opportunity Agenda, a blueprint of common sense policies designed to expand economic opportunities for Hoosier workers, businesses, and their families in four critical areas. Watch the full speech here.
Today in Fargo, I met with Senator Klobuchar, experts and advocates to discuss sex and human trafficking. While we already knew human and sex trafficking was a serious and growing concern, it was very helpful to hear from folks who are dealing with this issue right here in our communities. As a former Attorney General, I know how important it is to assist victims of these horrific crimes, and do all we can to prevent them from happening in the first place. Working with Senator Klobuchar and a bipartisan coalition of other Senators on our bill to crack down on human and sex trafficking, I’m committed to raising awareness, and putting in place concrete steps to put an end to it. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=c3cb7d5c-de06-4496-839d-f010e1d1c878
UPDATE: There will be a donation drive from 2 to 6 p.m. tomorrow (Sunday, January 12) at Big Sandy Superstore Arena in Huntington.  Pullman Plaza Hotel in Huntington will offer showers until 11 p.m. You are asked to bring your own towel and bathroom supplies. Showers are free but donations are accepted.  Tri-County YMCA in Scott Depot will also offer showers. You will need to bring your own towels and bathroom supplies. YMCA says they will also be able to fill water on a limited basis. No large containers please.  Howell's Christian Assembly in Ona has said that they have setup a dormitory for showers. They may still have water and ice available too.
Here are some photos of our staff helping get water to those in need on Friday night. We are continuing to do everything in our power to help you get the resources and assistance you need. Please visit my online Emergency Information Center for contact numbers and updates: http://1.usa.gov/1iqmLVY
Click here for an updated list of water distribution centers. WOWK 13 NEWS http://bit.ly/1db1S02
Five Former His Excellencies at today's inauguration of Virginia's 72nd Governor.  We're still looking for former Governors Holton, Allen and Kaine [they're here somewhere] but we have a quorum!
