Thought this should be shared
The Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation, Inc.   is one of the largest private charitable foundations in the United States.  The Weinberg Foundation provides approximately $100 million each year to nonprofits that provide direct services to low-income and vulnerable individuals and families, primarily in the U.S. and Israel.  Since 1990, the Foundation has made grants totaling $1.6 billion dollars -- that's billion, with a "b". We are thankful for the work they have done in Baltimore and around the world.
It is with great pleasure and pride that I join in the celebration this month of a landmark moment for democracies and free societies worldwide:  the 65th anniversary of the founding of the modern State of Israel.    On May 14, 1948, pioneering statesman David Ben-Gurion proclaimed Israel’s independence. This established a sovereign homeland for the Jewish people in a land which has had a continuous Jewish presence for thousands of years. Israelis mark this day annually on the 5th day of the Jewish month of Iyar with an Independence Day, called Yom Ha'atzmaut. This year that falls on April 16.   Modern Israel is a relatively young nation which is a vibrant oasis of democracy in a region of the world replete with secular and religious dictators.  Israel has withstood near constant military and terrorist threats, economic boycotts, and diplomatic hostility. Yet it still stands as a thriving, pluralistic democracy where the rule of law and an independent judiciary work to protect freedoms of speech, association and religion; a free press; and, fair and open elections.    This year, as it has on many occasions, we in Congress recognize the special relationship between the United States and Israel based on democratic values and strategic interests. As an institution, we have reaffirmed our support for Israel as it pursues peace with its neighbors. We staunchly support Israel’s right to defend itself against threats to its security and its existence. We are committed to strengthen the bonds of friendship and cooperation between our two countries.   Over six decades, Israel has transformed an arid desert into thriving farmlands and a worldwide hub for agricultural technology, information and communications, energy and medical research, theoretical physics and engineering.  Israel also has become a world leader in search-and-rescue techniques, responding with humanitarian aid and emergency relief to help victims of natural and man-made disasters on nearly every continent. Without a doubt, they are a major player on the global social and economic stage.     I congratulate the people of Israel on the milestone of the 65th anniversary of the founding of the modern state of Israel and wish them a prosperous future built on a foundation of peace and security.
Ben will be joining Dan Rodricks shortly on WYPR tune in
My thoughts and prayers are with the City of Boston especially the victims and families impacted by these tragic events. I commend the first responders and volunteers who undoubtedly saved lives in the aftermath of the explosions.  We must ensure that those responsible for this act of terror are brought to swift justice.
Recognized for his support for pro-growth policies, Joe was honored with the Spirit of Enterprise Award by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce this afternoon.
Keeping everyone in Boston in my thoughts and Prayers. Very moving to see the courage of the first responders.
I commend Department of Defense (DOD) Sec for cancelling a non-combat award that would have outranked some combat medals.
Good conversation about issues in the beer industry with North Dakota beer distributors.
"We do not have to put our body in front of bullets to keep people safe...all we have to do is cast votes"
It's been 6 years since the tragedy at Virginia Tech. Today we remember those lost and the heroism shown in the face of horrific violence.
Today is Rutgers Student Advocacy Day, and it comes at an interesting time of year. I am discussing immigration reform and gun violence with students. 
 
 As we announce Comprehensive Immigration Reform by the Gang of 8, we look toward boosting the economy, increasing our security, and fixing a broken system that has left too many in the shadows for too long. And, while we discuss this, we’re also talking about what Washington can do to curb gun violence in America; I hope legislation will include background checks and a ban on assault weapons. 
 
 Students represent the future and I am honored to speak with them about such important issues tonight!
Possible sequester furloughs for thousands of NOAA employees would have real consequences on family livelihoods & weather safety. At the start of hurricane season, we need a weather service ready for duty to quickly issue warnings that protect lives & communities.
If you're in Washington tomorrow, come join me at "Coffee with Chris" in Room 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building at 4pm. Looking forward to meeting all Nutmeggers in the area
Another reminder from Claire that she’s looking for your help with her upcoming hearing. Submit stories about aggressive sales marketing tactics you’ve encountered in the medical equipment industry to whistleblowers@mccaskill.senate.gov by Friday, April 19. More info here: http://1.usa.gov/YvHCjR
Hawaii Delegation Partners to Expand Access to Affordable Care in Rural Areas, Neighbor Islands  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341407
NA
Today, Senator Brian Schatz joined Senator Jay Rockefeller and 17 other Senators in introducing The Medicare Drug Savings Act, which will protect seniors and reduce the deficit by $141.2 billion.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341403
At today’s Senate hearing on student loans and the challenge of college affordability, I asked students to share what Pell Grants mean to them. I’d like to hear from you, too.  Do you receive Pell Grants? Do they make a big difference? And what percentage of your financial obligation do you think they meet? How important is it to your education?
Today, I urge you all, on this National Healthcare Decisions Day (NHDD), to discuss your healthcare preferences and goals with your family and friends. Fill out an advance directive. Think of it as a gift.
Senator Warner marked the sixth anniversary of the April 16th shootings at Virginia Tech with a speech on the floor of the Senate today. He praised Virginia officials for moving quickly after the 2007 shootings to add mental health court records to Virginia’s instant background check for gun purchases.  During the floor speech, Senator Warner confirmed that the gun control legislation about to be debated in the Senate includes his proposal to set-up a National Campus Safety Center. The Center will coordinate national research and federal resources to make America’s college and university campuses safer. (staff)
We remember April 16, 2007.
