Our thoughts are with everyone in Colorado dealing with these terrible floods, especially the families of the victims who have lost their lives.  We urge everyone to stay safe and heed warnings and emergency alerts from first responders and local authorities.  Our office is in touch with state and federal officials and has offered support and assistance to ensure emergency personnel and agencies have the resources they need to keep people safe and quickly respond to the destruction.
I spoke today on the Senate Floor in support of the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness (ESIC) Act. This measure is so important and so vital to the future of our country not only in the ends and policies it achieves, but also the trust that it will inspire if we're able to come together and work on a bipartisan basis and get this job done. It can set a template for changing the mind-set within this building and across the country as to how congress can function.  the ESIC will spur the use of energy efficiency technologies in the residential, commercial, and industrial sectors of our economy. This will save consumers and taxpayers money through lowered energy consumption, help create jobs, make our country more energy independent, and protect our environment from harmful emissions.  Watch a short piece of my speech on Instagram below.  http://instagram.com/p/eLCz5lGqOm/#
Ivy Tech Community College's John Hogan on the “skills gap” in Indiana: “Indiana is finding itself in a conundrum. There is much talk and discussion about the difficulty in finding skilled and professional workers for positions today and those that will be vacated by retiring workers in the coming years. This phenomenon has been dubbed 'the skills gap' by national experts. Debates are being waged over how best to bridge this gap – and rightly so.”
Share this good news with your friends. This week, Victory Media added Indiana Tech and Indiana University–Purdue University Fort Wayne (IPFW) to their 2014 Military Friendly Schools List for doing the most to “embrace America’s military service members, veterans, and spouses as students and ensure their success on campus.”
This is Suicide Prevention Week, and Senator Donnelly’s office will be sharing some facts about suicide and leading risk factors.   FACT: More than 90% of people who take their own life have at least one and often more than one treatable mental illness such as depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and/or alcohol and substance abuse. With better recognition and treatment, many suicides can be prevented.  Learn more at www.afsp.org.
I encourage everyone to stay safe during the severe storms around the state. My staff and I are working with the community and officials to ensure they have the support they need to address flash floods in affected areas. The Red Cross in New Mexico has helpful safety and preparedness tips.
Attention North Dakotans: During my second Twitter town hall on Tuesday at 3:15pm CT, I'll be answering questions from North Dakotans about Syria. Go to Twitter now and submit your questions using #AskHeidiH and include your hometown. I'm accepting questions starting today and will answer as many questions as I can next Tuesday at 3:15pm CT. I look forward to hearing from you.
The North Dakota National Guard continually sacrifices to protect our state and country. The Guard's service and bravery is invaluable and I was honored to spend the evening with some of our courageous servicemembers at a reception in honor of North Dakota National Guard's 188th last night.
Yesterday, I spoke with the National Congress of America Indian Tribal Unity to restate my commitment to advocating and fighting for Native American rights.  Together, we can work to better the lives of our Native American brothers and sisters in North Dakota and across the country, and give them the housing, education and support they deserve.
On Tuesday, September 10, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski speaks at a bipartisan ceremony posthumously awarding a Congressional Gold Medal to the victims of the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing in Birmingham, Alabama on September 15, 1963.
Great news: Student arrests dropping in CT as schools handle more offenses without police intervention and keep kids in schools where they belong. http://bit.ly/1aEPA0Z
Glad to see Save the Bay was awarded a $71,800 federal Bay Watershed Education and Training (B-WET) grant for their environmental education program.  Save the Bay does an outstanding job of working with local schools and teaching kids about the importance of our watersheds, their connection to Narragansett Bay, and how we can all work together to protect them.  The B-WET program gives students a chance to get their feet wet while learning about the Bay and connecting with nature.
If Republicans insist on delaying or defunding Obamacare, they are putting us on a path to shutdown. It is that simple. Now is not the time for political stunts. The American people are tired of watching us lurch from crisis to crisis. Everyone with a firm grasp on reality knows what we need to do: Pass a clean bill to keep the government open as we continue to debate the fiscal issues before us.
A Nevada reporter asked me what songs are on my iPod these days, and here’s what I told him: http://www.newsreview.com/reno/public-servant/content?oid=11387279
NA
Tragic and disturbing new statistics show an increase in sexual assault in the Navy. The time is now for the Pentagon to implement reforms; we have to do everything in our power to stop sexual assaults in the military. http://cbsn.ws/1aEX7gg
Today, Senator Brian Schatz announced that he is in contact with federal agencies to aid the State response to the spill of an estimated 224,000 gallons of molasses on Sunday, September 8, 2013.  Since the molasses spill, hundreds of fish have died, and its long term impacts on fish and other marine life are uncertain.  “Today I have contacted state officials and federal officials at NOAA, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Army Corps of Engineers to get briefed on the situation and to ensure that all appropriate federal resources and expertise are focused on this spill,” said Senator Brian Schatz.  “We must take swift action in order to minimize harm to our oceans and natural resources.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345706
As New Mexico faces extreme drought - and flooding like we’re seeing this week - we should do more to build smart water efficiency systems. This will help our cities and towns conserve energy and use less water while saving taxpayer dollars and creating jobs. Click here to read more about three common-sense proposals I offered today to do this, and share them if you agree - we can't afford to continue wasting water or money.
Four reasons why I voted "no" in Syria, and why I continue to oppose military strikes, from my USA TODAY op-ed. Thank you for backing me up on this issue and helping me make these simple arguments to others.
While my Tea Party colleagues tried to issue a "defund Obamacare" ultimatum earlier this week, I stood with my colleagues to count all the ways that Obamacare is already benefiting thousands of Americans. Please watch & share the video below.
In February, #DREAMer Ambar Pinto was my guest for the State of the Union. Proud to welcome Ambar back as one of our interns this fall!  #tbt #throwbackthursday
