Join our grassroots team in wishing Tammy a very happy birthday! 'Like' & share to send your best wishes!
Witnessing one of Fort Carson's finest, Staff Sergeant Clinton Lavor Romesha, receive the Medal of Honor was a remarkable experience. Staff Sergeant Romesha displayed the exceptional heroism, bravery and sense of duty that define a Medal of Honor Recipient. Confronted by extraordinary danger and stress, Sergeant Romesha risked his life to recover his fallen comrades. His courage never wavered. CNN has an excellent report about Romesha and I'd encourage you to watch it.
What would you like President Obama to say about gun violence in the State of the Union? Tell me in the comments below
Sadly, no community is immune to violence or senseless tragedy. Today, it struck at home. My heart goes out to the friends and families of those killed and wounded today in Wilmington, and I'm deeply grateful to the brave men and women in law enforcement who were there to protect and serve.
With Vice President Joe Biden for a roundtable discussion with local police and state prosecutors.
As Congressman, Joe wrote an op-ed advocating for closing the existing skills gap in our country. Sen. Donnelly will work to modify programs to provide certifications that are in high demand by manufacturers. Workers can be trained for high-skilled, good-paying jobs and more Americans can get back to work. As your Senator, Joe wants to build bipartisan support for this and other common sense legislation. “Share” this post with your friends, and tell your friends to support Joe for bringing common sense ideas to Washington.
With Adrienne Linde and Senator Hoeven at Army Staff Sgt. Clinton Romesha's Medal of Honor ceremony in the White House.
Proud to invite Adrienne Linde, whose husband was tragically killed in action with the North Dakota National Guard, to the State of the Union
Excited to announce my State of the Union guest at 3 p.m. CT!
Watch North Dakota's Clinton Romesha receive the Medal of Honor now: http://www.whitehouse.gov/live/president-obama-awards-clinton-romesha-medal-honor
On my way to the White House to see North Dakota’s Clinton Romesha receive the Medal of Honor.
Congrats to the ND NationalGuard members who represented North Dakota well in the U.S. Army Markmanship Unit's U.S. Small Arms Championship.
Traveled to Fort Belvoir to visit the hospital, participate in a roundtable discussion with wounded warriors, and tour the base. I was honored to meet with wounded warriors and members of their families to hear their concerns and their advice for me in the Senate. These servicemen and women deserve nothing less than our complete support.
Honored to have first responders Det. Dan McAnaspie and Det. Jason Frank with me in DC tomorrow for #SOTU, both of Newtown PD.
Wishing Claire’s alma mater a very happy 174th birthday!
Great news. The Treasury has approved a pilot program in Multnomah County to help underwater homeowners refinance. Refinancing underwater loans is good for homeowners, their communities, and our broader economy. We need to do everything we can to prevent more foreclosures and put more cash back into the pockets of middle class families in Oregon.
Central Oregonians:  On the 18th, I will be holding town halls in Prineville, Bend, and Madras, my 15th, 16th and 17th town halls of 2013.  Talking directly to Oregonians is a great way to hear about the issues folks want me to fight for in Washington. I urge all who can to come and share their opinions on how to make our state and nation a stronger place.
Had a great discussion with Neil Cavuto today on getting our fiscal house in order.  Watch it here: http://fxn.ws/11Cb7CI
Senator Manchin will be talking with Fox News's Neil Cavuto on Your World around 4 p.m to discuss bipartisanship. Please tune in.
Senator Manchin will be talking with Tamron Hall on MSNBC ‘s News Nation today. Be sure to tune in at 2 p.m. ET.
NA
I wish everyone in Nevada and across the nation celebrating the Chinese New Year a year of health, peace, and joy. This is the year of the snake, or Shé, which symbolizes steady progress and focus. These are themes which we can all strive towards. As is traditionally said on this holiday - May your happiness be without limit.
Senator Shaheen applauded the Pentagon's decision today to extend benefits to LGBT family members and took the opportunity to call for the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act, which prevents same-sex military couples from receiving equal benefits. Click "like" and "share" to join Senator Shaheen in supporting full and complete equality for LGBT military families!
Senator Shaheen sent a letter to Air Force Chief of Staff General Mark Welsh along with Senator Kelly Ayotte, Congresswoman Carol Shea-Porter and Congresswoman Annie Kuster highlighting Pease National Guard base as an "optimal location" for the new KC-46A aerial refueling tanker.
Very excited to have New Hampshire business Axenics in Washington this week for a meeting with business leaders on innovation, job creation and strengthening the economy. 
Montana's renewable energy resources will create jobs and provide affordable energy across the nation, and we should do everything we can to responsibly harness those resources.  That's why I introduced a bipartisan bill to streamline the development of renewable energy on our public lands.
All women — including Native Americans -- deserve to live free from violence and domestic abuse. That's why I'm working to pass a more modern Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). Spread the word that we need a more inclusive VAWA bill by sharing this article with friends.
Congress must pass a modernized Violence Against Women Act -- the law that has helped protect women for 19 years. Today, many Native American women who experience domestic violence aren't able to fully benefit from VAWA, even though they are 2.5 times more likely than other U.S. women to be victims of sexual assault. Watch my speech from the Senate floor on why Native women and other communities should receive the full benefits of VAWA and get the justice they deserve.
“This was set up to be so stupid that nobody in their right mind would allow it to happen.  I know people in Hampton Roads are scratching their heads, but I’m also up there scratching my head… Those of us who are trying to say’ ‘time out – let’s both sides give a little bit,’ we keep getting squeezed out because screamers on both sides tend to get more attention." - Senator Warner to Rumble in the Morning on FM99
We need your help picking a winter-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
I'm very grateful for the work of our brave police officers, firefighters, emergency medical personnel, and other first responders to keep all of us safe during this weekend's storm. I'm also grateful for the workers who have been out there day and night clearing our roads and working to restore power for so many people across the Commonwealth. Governor Deval Patrick did an incredible job leading Massachusetts during this historic storm, and I will do my best to support his recovery efforts in the days and weeks ahead.
