NA
I was disturbed to hear the reports of chemical weapons use in Syria. The UN inspection team on the ground should look into these new claims and determine if the regime has once again employed the use of these terrible weapons.  This should also serve to refocus the attention of the US and international community.  Hundreds continue to be killed in Syria on a weekly basis. And once again, the Administration's red line appears to have been crossed. I continue to believe that the US should consider assertive ways to end the atrocities committed against the Syrian people.  Our national security interests continue to be at stake - every day that Assad remains in power is a benefit to Iran and the terrorist group Hezbollah.
Natural gas development and new coal technologies will allow Pennsylvanians to control our economic and energy destiny. Now is not the time to cut back on vital investments that help move natural development and coal forward and will ultimately lead to more job creation and economic growth. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/19Jynmn
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Purdue University was awarded a grant by the U.S. Department of Energy to help transform how electric vehicles store energy. Purdue will develop a lithium-ion electric vehicle battery pack that can better withstand impact during a collision.
In case you missed it: Cummins Inc to add up to 500 new jobs in Columbus. #GoodNews
Wishing all the students returning to school good luck and success during their school year. You are New Mexico's future!
Wapisiw Lookout - a former storage area for oil sand tailings that has been reclaimed and turned back into wetland and forest.
Overlooking the Suncor upgrader
At the Suncor Millennium Extraction control room
Outside of Suncor with Minister Cal Dallas.
Headed to Suncor oil sands with Minister Cal Dallas.
Touring the Suncor oil sands operation.
Reception with top Canadian officials hosted by Minister Cal Dallas with senior Alberta government officials, industry officials, Canada’s Ambassador to the U.S., and the United States Consul General.
A video message for Westport Little League at the Little League World Series
Saying hello to a woman during Congress on Your Corner whose door I knocked on in my 98 State Rep race.
On the 47 bus from Wethersfield up through Hartford to hear what's on people's minds this morning. #congressonyourbus
Today’s St. Joseph News-Press highlights Claire’s ongoing work to rid consumers of fraudulent robocalls, by calling on telephone companies to implement technological solutions that would filter out fraudulent calls.
 
 Read more: http://www.newspressnow.com/news/local_news/article_427d360d-60fb-552f-9ec0-5183c617bd15.html
 
 Encountered a consumer scam? Let Claire know how she can look into the problem on her website: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=form&id=45
NA
During the spring, many groups of West Virginia students came to Washington, D.C. for a year-end field trip. Senator Manchin enjoyed meeting the students and talking with them about the Senate.
As co-chairman of No Labels, Senator Manchin attended and spoke at the organization's 'Make Government Work' event in Washington, D.C. No Labels is a group dedicated to promoting bipartisanship and problem solving to end gridlock in Washington.
Senator Shaheen was recently honored by the New Hampshire Chapter of the Military Officers Association of America with an award for supporting the 157th Air Refuel Wing, New Hampshire Air National Guard’s, national bid to be selected for the U.S. Air Force KC-46 fielding at Pease Air National Guard Base. Click here to read more: http://bit.ly/13FX5Sb
Excellent work by the Army Corps in cleaning up ordnance from Waimea Elementary School.
I have been traveling across our state to meet with families and discuss the work that I’m doing in the Senate to protect Social Security and Medicare, make college more affordable, and create new clean energy jobs in Hawai‘i.  I am so pleased to meet with my friends and neighbors whose concerns and values I will bring back with me to Washington.
Governor Steve Bullock and I attended the fire briefing today from the Type 1 Incident Commanders to get an update on the Lolo Creek Complex Fire.  Our appreciation goes out to the firefighters on the front lines working to contain the blaze.
At Hardywood Park Craft Brewery for a tour and a roundtable with some of Virginia's great craft brewers. Proud to support a growing industry in Virginia.
