Check out my filibuster explanation on The Daily Show with John Oliver. Thanks to Jansing & Co. for the assist!  http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/tue-july-16-2013/filibusters?xrs=eml_tds_071713
Qualified nominees  like Tom Perez  are being held up in the Senate by partisan gridlock, that in turn holds this Nation back.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance and Small Business Committees, praised the long-awaited Senate confirmation today of Richard Cordray to be the first Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Three years ago, #Congress created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an independent agency focused on protecting consumers – like #military families, #students, and older Americans – from abusive financial practices.     “American consumers deserve to have a watchdog on their side, focused on standards to protect and inform individuals and families as they use financial products. I am pleased that Richard #Cordray finally will be on the job, allowing the #CFPB to be fully functional, giving Americans greater confidence in the security and stability of their major and every day finances, including mortgages, credit cards and other products or services. CFPB will work to eliminate tricks and traps that could make proposed products or services unfit for the marketplace. Finally, it will give consumers the tools they need to avoid becoming victims as they purchase homes and prepare for retirement.      “With a strong leader now at the helm, the CFPB will be able to weave together the functions of consumer protection and education so we have a strong foundation to improve the financial literacy of Americans. #Maryland has successfully crafted laws that protect consumers from many predatory lending practices, but many states are still working to improve these standards. I believe that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, under the leadership of Richard Cordray, will help avoid many of the issues we saw at the height of our economic meltdown – including the mortgage crisis and credit defaults. Every segment of the financial services industry can benefit from improvements to the system of regulation and oversight.      “I am especially pleased that the #Senate was able to set aside unproductive posturing and move forward on this nomination in a bipartisan manner, allowing for an up or down vote on the nomination. I hope this is the start of a long-term trend that puts the business of our nation before #partisan #gridlock.”     ###
I know it's not quite Throwback Thursday, but still worth a share! Proud of all Delaware State University and its grads have accomplished over the past 20 years. #tbt
Best of luck to Emma and Bryce, finalists in The Great American NO BULL Challenge.
Today, I was happy to meet with the 4-H students from East Chicago. -Joe
Cluster munitions are indiscriminate, unreliable and pose an unacceptable danger to U.S. forces and civilians alike. The U.S. government’s cluster munitions policy is outdated and should be immediately reviewed.
Today the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission stood up for California’s consumers and ratepayers, using authorities I fought for in 2005. This record fine—$453 million and the surrender of $34.9 million in profit—results from FERC catching Barclays manipulating our power markets for more than two years.
California has the most at stake in any immigration reform debate. We are home to nearly a quarter of the nation’s undocumented immigrant population – more than any other state. Our constituents and our communities are ready and waiting for reform.
A powerful piece from the Brookings Institution on Sandy Hook family advocates and the road to end gun violence in America.
Good article in the Ruidoso News about my recent visit to Lincoln County where I toured the Little Bear Fire recovery sites. It was really encouraging to see people working together from all different backgrounds and representing different constituents but understanding that we're all in this together.
Discussed commodity markets at a Senate Ag Committee hearing. Protecting customer accounts my top priority #Agriculture
NA
Check out highlights from my social media town hall today. It was a great way to get feedback on issues that matter to Virginians and I look forward to holding more in the future #AskTim.
Jennifer Mayne Hoppe: #AskTim Thank you for being so outspoken in favor of the Manchin-Toomey amendment in the weeks leading up to the Senate vote. Like many Virginians, I was shocked and saddened at the Senate's failure to pass legislation that would have expanded the background and improved check system for gun sales. Can I count on you to work with your colleagues in the Senate to work toward passing meaningful gun reform, including background checks? #gunsense #momsdemand  I was disappointed that the Manchin-Toomey compromise to improve our background record check system was blocked by a filibuster in the Senate.  As Governor during the horrible shooting at Virginia Tech, I worked to improve Virginia’s background check system to ensure those who have been adjudicated mentally ill and dangerous were prohibited from purchasing guns.  In addition, I improved mental health services and reporting, increased funding for mental health services, strengthened standards for court ordered mental health care, bolstered accountability for agencies that provide mental health care, and provided more education for campus officials on how to spot mental health issues.    I strongly support a comprehensive approach to curbing gun violence.  My experience as Governor proves there are things that we can do that work to protect these senseless acts of violence in our country. #AskTim
Mary Ann Strock: Why doesn't the Immigration reform bill provide for more ICE agents? There are fewer ICE agents for the entire US than LAPD has Police officers? How can 5000 ICE agents enforce Immigration laws in the US? You can't just fix part of the Immigration problem and ignore the rest.  The immigration reform bill that passed the Senate includes the biggest investment in border security funding in our history.  This bill will double the size of the U.S. Border Patrol and require an additional 350 miles of fencing along the U.S.-Mexico border. #AskTim
Merry Susan Schafer Schreck: What are you doing to create jobs and get the economy moving??? Also, how about reducing out-of-control government spending and debt - the country is on a DISASTER track economically.  We can strengthen the recovery and create jobs by embracing the strategies that worked in the Commonwealth during my term as Governor. In March, the Senate approved a budget for 2014.  I supported this budget, a balanced proposal that will bolster our economic recovery and boost job creation while seriously tackling our deficit and debt in a credible way. This budget calls for an end to sequestration and protects investments in education, medical research, and infrastructure that will keep us the economic power of the world.  The Senate budget is a pro-growth plan that also includes $1.85 trillion in deficit reduction, stabilizing our nation’s finances.   I’ve gone to the Senate floor multiple times to call on my Republican colleagues to let us go to a conference with the House and pass a budget once and for all. So far they have objected but I’m optimistic we can find common ground and move forward on this critical issue.  #AskTim
Darren Page: #asktim I would like to see work done on marriage equality in Virginia. We will start loosing talented professionals if we don't make equality a priority. I plan on leaving VA in the next 5 years if marriage equality does not become a reality.  I agree with you, we must be a welcoming state to all individuals.   As Governor, I signed an executive order that banned state employers from discriminating against any group of people.  Not only is this the right thing to do but more businesses will choose Virginia because of its friendly environment & great place to do business.  I am proud to have been one of the 212 members of Congress who signed an amicus brief that challenges the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) before the U.S. Supreme Court. I am pleased that on June 26, 2013, the Supreme Court struck down DOMA as unconstitutional.  #AskTim
Kate Lauderdale: #AskTim What's your plan to getting immigration reform back on track? 11 million people living in the shadows (and growing), and many of them children who did not have a choice, is not good for our country, and our economy.  Senate bill is strong and I'm very proud of it.  We all need to explain to the House that failure is not an option. #AskTim
Allison Grace: Sen Kaine, what specifically are you doing to help the 79,000 Virginians currently losing 20% of their pay due to sequestration and the Federal furlough? Not interested in blame; interested in an immediate end to a situation which is bad for individuals and bad for the mission. Thank you for your consideration.  Sequester is a horrible idea.  Voted to turn it off in February--we had 53 votes but other side filibustered and we needed sixty.  Passed Senate budget in March replacing sequester with a more targeted plan that would have shrunk cuts and avoided furloughs--House not on board yet.  Now working to find a budget compromise that will get rid of sequester in fy 14 and beyond.
Today at noon I’ll hold my 1st ever Twitter & Facebook town hall. Use #AskTim to ask me a question & follow the conversation in real time on Twitter.
The Senate Judiciary Committee held a  hearing titled “From Selma to Shelby County: Working Together to Restore the Protections of the Voting Rights Act.”  It is the Committee’s first hearing following the Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby County v. Holder, in which the Court narrowly struck down the coverage formula of the Voting Rights Act.  Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) had a lead role in reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act in 2006 and has long championed voting rights and voting access for all citizens.  Testimony, member statements, and a webcast of the hearing are available online.
Thanks for taking my poll yesterday! 
 
 The most popular answer was all of the above.
 
 So, I’m weighing in on all four in the image below. 
 
 Like many of you, I want agreements made ASAP & will continue to work hard to help make that happen.
Headed to the Senate floor now to talk about why we need Gina McCarthy at the helm of the EPA. Tune in:
Senator Schumer and I are calling on the U.S. Department of Transportation to launch an investigation into whether Saudi Airlines is violating federal discrimination laws by prohibiting Israelis from flying on their airline out of U.S. airports
Claire is thrilled to announce today that more than 400 civilian #jobs are staying in #KansasCity for at least another 30 years. Kansas City beat out New Orleans for the long term offices of the Marine Corp Information Technology Center.
Around 5 p.m. I will be speaking on the Senate floor on how coal has been an integral part of building America for decades and how it will be an important source of energy for decades to come. To watch it live, please click here:  http://1.usa.gov/1div1CY
Around 5 p.m. I will be speaking on the Senator floor on how coal has been an integral part of building America for decades and how it will be an important source of energy for decades to come. To watch it live, please click here:  http://1.usa.gov/1div1CY
We need to have an effective U.S. Senate and I think in the foreseeable future I'm hopeful we're going to have one.
NA
Great feature in The New York Times on Concord, New Hampshire and some of the great things the city has to offer!
Schatz Hosts President-Elect of Hawaii Chamber of Commerce at Senate Leadership Meeting
Our country was founded to protect freedom of speech and freedom of the press, and that's why I’m introducing a bipartisan bill to strengthen journalists' First Amendment rights.  LIKE or SHARE to join me in standing up for the Constitutional rights of ALL Americans: 1.usa.gov/13kotlR
Today I was proud to host two New Mexico chamber of commerce leaders — Alex Romero of The Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce and Laura Sanchez of the New Mexico Green Chamber of Commerce — at the U.S. Capitol for a discussion on job creation and economic recovery.
 
 Our state is still facing tough economic times, and I am working very closely with the private sector in New Mexico to put us back on a path to creating more good-paying jobs. Our business community is full of ingenuity, and I was glad to showcase that during our meeting. Leaders like Alex and Laura provide valuable resources to job seekers, workers and businesses every day, and I'm doing all I can to make sure the federal government is supporting their efforts as we continue to strengthen New Mexico's economy.
Good news! The Senate cleared the filibuster of Richard Cordray and confirmed him as the first director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau last night. I look forward to working with him to protect consumers from the abusive practices of the financial industry and ensure that the Wall Street banks are giving Rhode Islanders a fair shake. 
 While I’m still deeply concerned about the pattern of obstruction by Senate Republicans on everything from executive and judicial nominations to important legislation, I'm glad that the GOP agreed to drop its filibuster of Cordray and other Presidential nominees yesterday.
Today I sent a letter to the Pentagon asking them to explain a TRICARE change in services for military families with autistic children. I voted in support of expanded autism treatment options as part of the 2013 defense bill, because we know our military families face unique stresses and challenges from deployments and relocations. We’re asking the Pentagon to explain why they now have chosen to make disruptive changes to these important services to military families with special needs children. There must be a better way.
Congratulations to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc on their 100 year anniversary! Great to meet with some of their Virginia members today in D.C.
Yesterday, the Senate finally ended the filibuster and confirmed Rich Cordray as Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, ensuring American families will continue to have a strong agency fighting for them in Washington. Today I joined CFED and Democracy Journal to talk about how the consumer agency is already making a difference. Watch my remarks here.
