"Freeing political prisoners is always a good thing and necessary step. Releasing Mikhail #Khodorkovsky and others brings #Russia closer to where it should be as a modern #European state. It is too early to tell if this could lead to broader reform. For now, I share the joyful anticipation of those who may get to greet 2014 in #freedom and the company of loved ones."
Remember: To get health insurance through the marketplace on Jan. 1, you must enroll at http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance by Monday, Dec. 23.
 
 Here's the first of five ACA benefits for the First State.
NA
Working to reduce military suicide has been one of my top priorities during my first year in office. I want to thank Senator Roger Wicker for his help with the Donnelly-Wicker provision in the 2014 National Defense Authorization Act. I look forward to continuing to work on this issue in a bipartisan fashion in the years ahead. –Joe
Last night, Senator Donnelly voted in favor of the Fiscal Year 2014 National Defense Authorization Act. The bill passed the Senate with a bipartisan vote of 84-15.  Donnelly said, “As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I was proud to work with members of both parties to pass this important legislation to support our servicemembers and their families and ensure our military has the resources it needs.   The bill improves the well-being of our military by strengthening DOD’s response to the epidemic of sexual assault, examining the pressing issue of military suicide, and making critical adjustments to respond to the effects of sequestration.  I am pleased that four provisions I introduced were included in the bill.”
Cheering on the Bison for the big game tonight with my staff in DC who went to NDSU. #BisonNation
The Senate passed a bill I cosponsored to build a Native Veterans' Memorial on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Per capita, Native Americans serve at a rate four times higher than any other ethnicity or race. This memorial recognizing Native veterans' service and commitment is long overdue. I’ll continue to fight to make sure Native veterans get the recognition they deserve. And I'll continue to stand up for our Native families.
Helped pass bipartisan legislation to enable our military to have the resources it needs to protect our nation, and it includes my provisions that support North Dakota's military priorities. In our state, we understand the importance of military service and the need to support those who put their lives on the line every day to protect each one of us. Whether it’s the National Guard, our air bases, or our burgeoning UAS industry, the military plays such an important role in our state. I’ll keep fighting to make sure they continue to thrive in North Dakota.
I’m proud that key provisions of the first piece of legislation I introduced, the Troop Talent Act, were included in the 2014 defense bill that was passed with bipartisan support in the Senate. It will now be the law to provide active duty servicemembers with the tools they need to more easily receive credentials for the skills they acquire through military training, greatly easing their transition to a civilian career. This is a small but important step to help whittle away at the unacceptably high rate of veterans’ unemployment – particularly among those returning from Iraq and Afghanistan - and I remain committed to exploring all avenues to address this issue.
Very nice shout-out! I'll continue to support Alzheimer's research however I can.
Last night I voted to pass the National Defense Authorization Act, legislation that includes more than 30 historic reforms to combat sexual assault in our military. This bill strengthens the justice system for victims, provides counsel & support and provides serious deterrents with serious consequences. Our men & women in uniform who fight the enemy on the front lines shouldn’t have to fear the enemy within.
Claire took advantage of the plans available on healthcare.gov this week, and enrolled in a new insurance plan. She wanted to have the same process as Missourians—so she used healthcare.gov instead of the Washington, DC exchange—which means she forfeited her federal employer contribution to her health plan and will be paying the entire cost of her new plan. Learn about her experience using the federal health insurance exchange. You can read specifics of her new plan, HERE: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=12046
“For me, this year has been largely defined by my fight for victims of military sexual assault—and I know that’s also the case for many of my colleagues. We all recognized the crisis that sexual crimes represent to our servicemembers, and we pursued reforms that would encourage survivors to report these assaults, lead to more prosecutions, and put these perpetrators behind bars.   The overwhelming majority of these reforms were met with near-consensus, but there were also areas of spirited disagreement—areas that often received a big share of the spotlight. What received less attention was the incredible dedication and tenacity with which Congress approached this work. Washington is often characterized as ‘broken,’ and too often that characterization is true. But this issue should give us all optimism that we can work together to find serious solutions to tough problems.   This represents a huge win for victims of sexual assault, and for justice in America’s armed forces, but this is no finish line. In the months and years ahead, vigilance will be required to ensure that these historic reforms are implemented forcefully and effectively. Given the incredible advocacy and passion displayed by so many on this issue, I know we are finally, belatedly, headed in the right direction.” -Claire
17,800 Oregonians will lose their unemployment benefits on December 28, just 3 days after Christmas, because of Republicans' refusal to continue the program. That is just wrong.
Senator Reid has been released from the hospital and is back at home with his wife, Landra. As previously stated, he went to the hospital as a precaution. The doctors diagnosed him as exhausted, not anything more serious, and have cleared him to go back to work. He spent today resting, talking to family, friends and colleagues, reading the news and discussing Senate business. He appreciates the kind words and thoughts sent by so many, thanks the doctors at George Washington University Hospital for the excellent care he received, and wishes everyone a Happy Holidays.
Early this morning, Senator Reid was not feeling well and as a precaution decided to go to the hospital. Tests have been conducted and everything is normal.  He is alert, resting and feeling better.  Doctors have asked that he remain in the hospital for observation so he will not be working today.
Congress is finishing this year less popular than a cockroach, and mindless, knee-jerk obstruction from a handful of Republicans is exactly why.   Here's one example of what we're dealing with: Senate Republicans have voted to block nominees, and then, moments later voted to confirm them.
My staff is ready to go home to New York for the holidays!
Please be safe this holiday weekend. There is potential for a significant ice storm in New Hampshire, so make sure to visit http://www.nh.gov/readynh/ for important updates.
Happy Holidays! Wishing you and your families health and happiness in the new year – watch my holiday greeting here: http://bit.ly/Jb85wZ
Nothing says happy holidays like luminarias in New Mexico. Thanks to Hunter in Albuquerque for entering this picture in our photo contest.  #PhotoFriday.
As we close out the year, I'm proud to release a new episode of the “The Udall Update,” a public access TV program that provides you with an inside look at what’s happening in the U.S. Senate and how it impacts life in New Mexico. Featured in this episode are two "Sensible Solutions" I helped pass in Congress on behalf of New Mexicans, including the Katie Sepich Enhanced DNA Collection, which is now law thanks to the tireless efforts of Jayann Sepich of Carlsbad. I also sit down with Albuquerque residents MSgt Jessey Baca and his wife Maria for a special interview about our work to pass the Open Burn Pits Registry Act for military families in New Mexico and across the nation. Click below to watch the entire episode, and visit the "TV Extras" page for extended interviews and additional footage from the show.
It was great meeting with members of the New Mexico Farm and Livestock Bureau at the U.S. Capitol this week. We talked about a number of ways to support New Mexico's ranching families, including a top priority for all – passing a new Farm Bill. Farming and ranching are a big part of our state's economy, and I'm pushing Congress to agree on a Farm Bill. I'm glad the House and Senate are close to an agreement on this and I look forward to its final reauthorization very soon – our farmers and ranchers have waited long enough.
It's not just Democrats who think it's time to act, Republicans outside of Congress support action on climate change too. Watch my latest "Time to Wake Up" speech to find out more.
Passage of our Military Whistleblower Protection Act is an important first step toward better protecting our military men and women from misconduct, including sexual assault. This legislation will encourage our service members to report fraud, waste and abuse and provide them with the retaliation-free working environment they deserve. Virginia has a strong military tradition and I am proud that this legislation will now become law.
