Moments ago the Senate rejected an amendment that would have seriously and critically weakened standing provisions of the Clean Water Act that protect our access to clean water. This was a win for the Chesapeake Bay and the people of Maryland. Pollution doesn’t stop at state borders-- we need to act responsibility and legislate responsibly on the local, state and federal levels to ensure our sustained physical and economic health.
Ribbon Cutting Ceremony for the Dundalk Veteran Center. The center will provide a broad range of services including counseling, outreach and referral services to eligible veterans to help with readjustment to civilian life. Centers like this are where the rubber meets the road as far as providing valuable care to our veterans. Veterans will be treated in their community by the community- in a cutting edge facility. Our vets have earned this care and we look forward to more opportunities to address veterans issues on a local, statewide, and federal level.
In honor of National Police Week, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) toured the new Rockville City Police Station today and urged the passage of a national Blue Alert System. Senator Cardin was joined in Rockville by Mayor Phyllis Marcuccio, Rockville Police Chief Terry Treschuk, Montgomery County Executive Ike Leggett, and Captain James DeWees, who is the Washington-Metro Troop Commander for the Maryland State Police.    Based on the success of the Amber Alerts for missing children and Silver Alerts for missing seniors, The National Blue Alert Act of 2013 (S. 357) would create a nationwide system that would be used to disseminate critical information to law enforcement agencies, the public and the media to help apprehend violent criminals who have injured or killed police officers.  According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), 72 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the line of duty in 2011. Tens of thousands of law enforcement officers are assaulted every year, and many sustain serious injuries as a result of the attack.    “During this National Police Week, we acknowledge the valor and sacrifice of those brave men and women who officers put their lives on the line every day to protect Marylanders and citizens nationwide. We thank them for making us and our communities safer,” Senator Cardin said. “I am proud that Maryland has been a leader in the use of the Blue Alert System. It works. We now need to expand this valuable tool put in place a national alert system that will ensure the speedy apprehension of violent criminals. Our public service officers go above and beyond to protect our communities, and in return, we need to go above and beyond for them.”  The National Blue Alert Act of 2013 (S. 357) has been endorsed by the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the Concerns of Police Survivors, and the Sergeants Benevolent Association of the New York City Police Department. During the 112th Congress, similar legislation passed the House of Representatives 394-1 and also was passed by the Senate Judiciary Committee. The National Blue Alert Act of 2013 currently has 13 cosponsors including Senators  Lindsey Graham (R-SC),  Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Barbara Boxer (D-CA), Richard Durbin (D-IL), Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), Amy Klobuchar (D-MN), Senate Judiciary Chairman Senator Patrick Leahy(D-VT), Sherrod Brown (D-OH), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), Chris Coons (D-DE), Jeff Merkley (D-OR).
The Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013 is a bipartisan bill that protects millions of ag jobs across the country and makes the tough decisions to cut spending, increase accountability, and eliminate duplicative or unnecessary programs to get our country’s fiscal house in order.
“I am pleased that the Senate Ag Committee has approved a common sense, five-year farm bill to give the Hoosier ag and rural communities the certainty they deserve.” –Joe
Senator Donnelly proposed an amendment to the farm bill that would help establish a common sense safety net for next generation bioenergy crops.
WATCH: Senator Donnelly and the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee begin consideration of the Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013, a five-year farm bill aimed to protect millions of ag jobs across the country.
Celebrating New Mexico’s Institute of American Indian Arts’ 50 years of empowering creativity and leadership in Native arts and culture. Every day this institution makes a difference in the lives of its students, giving them opportunities to enrich their culture, leverage their talent, and spur their creativity.
Wonder why I am fighting so hard for a long-term Farm Bill? Watch this clip.
Senate Ag Committee came together to pass a strong, bipartisan Farm Bill. Next step: full Senate.
Senate Agriculture Committee Farm Bill mark-up starting now. Watch live:
On 790 KFGO-AM this am at 8:40 CT. Discussing Farm Bill just before we start mark-up at 9 a.m. CT. Listen live:
It’s National Police Week. Please join me in showing your support for the hardworking men and women who keep us safe.
Happy 406th birthday to the Virginia National Guard! As governor, I was proud to serve as their Commander and I'll continue to support them as senator.
Had a great time talking with Herndon High School students about bipartisanship, the budget & our favorite U.S. presidents this afternoon.
Very happy Long Beach Island is receiving $30.6 million in federal Sandy aid.
 
 Check out my statement about this: http://1.usa.gov/103b6FF
Yesterday I went to the floor of the Senate to tell the stories of people whose lives have been cut tragically short by gun violence. I’ll be doing this often as we fight for common sense solutions on gun reform. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=henaYVG9Vpw
We can't wait until 2020 for the UN to act on climate change. Targeting SLCPs now gives us the most bang for our buck
What’s missing from the climate debate: new op-ed in The Hill this morning.
Claire joined Senator Dick Durbin (Ill.), and Congressman Bill Enyart in St. Louis at the Thomas F. Eagleton U.S. Courthouse to present local law enforcement officials with the Congressional Badge of Bravery, an award honoring exceptional acts of bravery in the line of duty by federal, state and local law enforcement officers.  On March 8, 2011, the award recipients demonstrated great courage during the apprehension of an armed fugitive in St. Louis, Missouri, which resulted in the death of a distinguished U.S. Marshal. Recipients of the award for exceptional acts of valor are Supervisory Deputy U.S. Marshal Patrick James, Deputy U.S. Marshals Theodore Abegg, Travis Franke, Nicholas Garrett, Jeremy Wyatt, and fallen Deputy U.S. Marshal John Perry.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 37 - Pendleton County  Fact: The highest point in our state is Spruce Knob at 4861 feet   Recommendation: Don’t miss the 44th Treasure Mountain Festival this September
The Justice Department's subpoena of Associated Press phone records is inexcusable. The First Amendment is one of the great things we have as a country, and press should not have to fear encroachment by national security officials.
Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Kelly Ayotte today welcomed the Pentagon decision to exempt shipyard workers from furloughs:   “We’re pleased that the Department of Defense and the Navy recognize the importance of shipyard workers to our national security.  This exemption should allow the workers at our four public shipyards, including Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, to continue their critical work maintaining our nation’s naval readiness without interruption.  This announcement gives our shipyard employees the financial certainty they deserve and allows the shipyards to avoid furloughs that would have resulted in costly delays in ship and submarine maintenance.”
Senator Shaheen will pay tribute to fallen Greenland Police Chief Michael Maloney this evening at memorial service in Washington as part of National Police Week, an annual remembrance for officers who have died in the line of duty. Maloney, a 26-year law enforcement professional, was killed by gunfire during a drug raid on April 12, 2012 in Greenland, NH.
Great to see New Hampshire companies seeing the direct cost saving benefits of energy efficiency. Energy efficiency is a clean, fast and cost-effective approach to create strong jobs in the Granite State and improve our nation's energy independence.
What a great win for the Boston Bruins!
This week is National Women’s Health Week, a week to promote women’s health and empower women to lead a healthy lifestyle. As a mother and grandmother, Senator Shaheen knows firsthand the importance of healthy lifestyles and the responsibility women often hold as the health care decision-makers in the family.     Last week, Senator Shaheen cosponsored the Gestational Diabetes Act of 2013 aimed at lowering the incidence of women developing diabetes during pregnancy and preventing women and children from developing type 2 diabetes later in life.  Visit http://1.usa.gov/126NLAJ to read about one of the ways Senator Shaheen is working to protect women’s health.
Whoever follows Dr. Steger will inherit a healthier and more dynamic Virginia Tech than ever, and President Steger should take considerable pride in his 14 years of service as his life moves into its next chapter.
If we work together in the Senate to extend the Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic model, we could help many of our veterans AND help reduce the VA backlog.
