It’s been exactly a year since the Gang of 8 introduced our #immigration bill, so I thought it would be appropriate to share this photo. I’m not great at taking pictures with my phone but this is from a naturalization ceremony at Fort Carson in Colorado Springs. On that day, the 13 soldiers and spouses you see here became American citizens. They represented 12 different countries, and have been serving the United States with honor and distinction. Each one of them came here for the American dream. If you think it’s time to fix our broken immigration system once and for all, please add your name to this petition telling the house to take a vote on the Senate’s bipartisan immigration bill.
Great news coming out of Clarksburg, Maryland.   BrightFocus is awarding 8.7 $8.7 million in research grant awards to find a cure for #Alzheimers & #glaucoma.   This act of generosity in #Maryland will help people across the world. 
Sending thoughts and prayers to all in South Korea touched by the ferry sinking. USS Bonhomme Richard (LHD 6) has been dispatched to aid in the rescue operation. Will continue to watch the situation as it unfolds.
#ICYMI, Cummins is featured in Forbes today for its commitment to community service. Cummins has a long history of supporting economic, infrastructure, and educational development in several communities across central and southern Indiana. The story will appear in the May 5 print issue of Forbes.
On Thursday, Senator Donnelly will visit Columbia City sonobuoy manufacturer USSI to commend the company’s efforts in aiding the ongoing search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Recent acoustic signals picked up by sonobuoys and other devices led search teams to narrow down the approximate location of the plane’s wreckage site. USSI provided 3,000 sonobouys for use in the search.
Indiana is a leader in conservation practices, and we hope to see that continue in the years ahead.
The U.S. Surface Transportation Board did the right thing by directing the railroad industry to report by April 18 its plans to make sure fertilizer is delivered to farmers for spring planting. North Dakota farmers have serious deadlines coming up and this was a much needed step.
I’m forever proud & grateful to have been part of the cohort that hammered out a strong bipartisan immigration reform effort in the Senate last year.  Despite being so close to permanently fixing our broken system once & for all, the path forward continues to be inexcusably stalled in the House of Representatives.   It is my sincere hope that House Republicans move away from extremes so that commonsense immigration reform can be finally pushed over the finish line.
April 9, 2014, 7:05 a.m. - Sen. Manchin arrives bright and early outside of MSNBC’s studio to meet his Communications Director and other members of his staff for his “Morning Joe” interview.   To see more behind the scenes pictures, visit the "Day in the Life" photo gallery on our website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=a-day-in-the-life
YOU'RE INVITED: Please join me & US Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz at the RI Convention Center in Providence on Monday, April 21 for a discussion about New England’s energy infrastructure needs and challenges.  The event is open to the public and will include an open mic session for the public to comment on issues related to the Quadrennial Energy Review.
Honored to meet so many fine veterans on Staten Island today
Sandy showed no mercy to either shore of LI & we must ensure fed funding to safe guard communities on the North Shore too
Senator Shaheen hosted a roundtable discussion at the Derry Police Department this morning to discuss the growing heroin and prescription drug addiction epidemic in New Hampshire. The group discussed ways in which local, state and the federal government can coordinate to improve enforcement and treatment. The roundtable was the second Shaheen has hosted on the topic this month.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hKLQNn
Great news for NH and North Country veterans! Today Senators  Shaheen and Ayotte announced that the Department of Veterans Affairs has approved the opening of two VA health care sites in Colebrook and Berlin.   Learn more about the clinics set to open in Colebrook and Berlin this fall here: http://1.usa.gov/1j0u5qS 
Great visit to the Sandia Science and Technology Park today, where we toured an award-winning and job-creating small business made successful through technology transfer -- taking research from our national labs and applying it in the private sector. Applied Technology Associates (ATA) has added employees and recently completed a 26,000-foot expansion to its Albuquerque headquarters. We can build more innovative companies like ATA if we boost tech transfer efforts, such as through the provisions in my ATTAIN Act. I’ll keep working to help promote more of these public-private partnerships that create jobs in New Mexico.
Speaking to a packed house at the Economic Forum of Albuquerque about my #1 priority – jobs. We all know the recovery in our state has been way too slow, but I’m doing all I can to promote economic growth for working families, small businesses and our farmers and ranchers. New Mexico is at a crossroads now, and our path forward depends on governments and the private sector working together. That’s what our discussion was all about today, and that’s what I’ll continue doing as we work to grow our economy and create more jobs.
Productive visits with community and small business leaders in Northern New Mexico this week. After holding an economic roundtable in Española, Mayor Lucero, several economic development officials and I visited the small business "FLUTe" (Flexible Liner Underground Technologies), which makes environmentally-friendly products used in mapping ground water contamination and municipal ground water resources. FLUTe is innovation on display and it's growing jobs for the area economy. I'll continue working to support resources and policies so FLUTe and small businesses like it can keep creating jobs for New Mexico families.
Exciting grand opening at the Santa Fe Business Incubator – their new BioScience lab holds great promise for our economy. We have the best scientists in the world in New Mexico, and we have great entrepreneurs, but we must do more to develop technology transfer - a key economic plan I’ve been working on to support high-tech job growth.   The new lab is an example of how New Mexico isn’t going to sit back when it comes to creating more jobs and turning around our statistics, and I look forward to working with Los Alamos National Laboratory, the U.S. Economic Development Administration, the City of Santa Fe and private sector leaders from the National Business Incubation Association on growing more of these jobs every day.
Do you know the Gettysburg Address? I was proud to join other New Mew Mexico leaders and recite Lincoln's famous speech in celebration of the 125th anniversary. You can watch the video below, and "The Address" tonight on New Mexico PBS to learn more about why this speech still moves us today.
#WeAreVirginiaTech
