Today we remember the long road women have walked to fight for equality, and how far we still have to go. Happy International Women's Day! -TB
Happy International Women’s Day! This important day is a time to celebrate how far we’ve come on the road to equal rights for women. However, it’s also important to remember that we have a long way to go – women still do not receive the same level of pay as their male counterparts and are not equally represented in the upper echelons of business and politics. We must continue this fight, so that our daughters and granddaughters grow up in a world where women have just as many opportunities as men.
We have Constituent Advocates around the state ready to help you work through problems that involve federal agencies. Here’s a recent story of how my staff was available and quickly responded to a Coloradan looking for assistance. Although we cannot guarantee a successful resolution to all issues, we are ready to work with you to navigate the federal bureaucracy and red tape.
The House’s decision to finally provide this assistance to Colorado and other states that suffered devastating natural disasters last year is a welcome sign. I’m grateful for the Colorado House of Representatives delegation’s commitment to continue to fight for this funding after the House eliminated it earlier this year.
NA
Today is International Women’s Day and March 10th marks an important anniversary—the 100th anniversary of Harriet Tubman’s passing.    Harriet Tubman was a remarkable woman, and a remarkable Marylander, for whom I’m so proud to help lead the efforts to commemorate her legacy in the form of the Harriet Tubman National Historical Parks Act.  Her story of dedication to the principles of freedom and justice is known around the world. Her strength and the courage of her convictions are timeless lessons- from which we can all make ourselves better.  Harriet transformed herself from a woman who had never experienced liberty, to one who came to embody precisely what liberty is.    After Emancipation, Tubman began to fight for women to have the right to vote.  Harriet Tubman’s legacy is an essential part of the story of America’s evolution. She was devoted to human rights for all Americans.
Call for passage of my anti-bullying bill, The Safe Schools Improvement Act
The private sector has recorded job growth for 36 consecutive months, but it is clear that we need to do more to create jobs and grow the economy. It is essential that Republicans and Democrats work together in the coming months to give businesses the certainty they need to hire, expand the economy and move the recovery forward. My top priority continues to be job creation.  That is why I introduced a tax break to incentivize small businesses to hire new workers and increase wages. This measure is a common-sense step to create jobs. Helping small businesses, protecting the middle class and fueling the economy is something that representatives on both sides of the aisle should support.
AmeriCorps is hosting a number of events around the state in honor of AmeriCorps Week, which begins Saturday. Click on the blog to learn more about the important work done by AmeriCorps members in Delaware and how you can get involved.
Today, Thor Industries, Inc. announced increased quarterly revenues for the fiscal year due to strong sales in the RV industry. In the second quarter, Thor’s RV sales were $636.6 million, up 27 percent from the year before, and total sales reached $741.6 million, up 24 percent from last year. As we continue to rebuild from the recession four years ago, good news like Thor’s is a sign of a recovering economy and a country that’s back on track. Like this post, and let’s continue to share good news happening to Hoosiers in Indiana.
VIDEO: I joined Hardball with Chris Matthews yesterday to discuss John Brennan, the CIA and drones. Watch HERE:
VIDEO: I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about the nomination of John Brennan as CIA director and drones. Watch HERE:
Women have contributed to New Mexico’s rich, diverse history in profound ways. Who do you celebrate on International Women's Day?
Don’t forget to set your clocks this weekend!
Couple weeks ago I had a great dinner at the Grand Forks Olive Garden with my friend & Grand Forks Herald columnist Marilyn Hagerty.
Toured HDT Robotics in Fredericksburg where I discussed the harmful impact of budget uncertainty on small businesses. HDT employees demonstrated the state-of-the-art technologies they produce that disable IEDs and protect soldiers in the field and described how congressional budget uncertainty has made it difficult for them to recruit and hire Virginia graduates as they traditionally do.
In the Senate I'll stand up for all women, like these great leaders who make real change across the globe http://1.usa.gov/Yh2BRT  #womensday #IWD
Tough to tell whose smile is bigger here.
Ok, I know this list is all over the place. The only thing that all of these songs have in common is that they all warm my mood, and make me smile. And at the end of the day, that's one of the things that make music an important part of my life. I have eclectic tastes in music. I strive to keep an open mind on all things in my life. My children have really helped with that. I've tried hard not to say "would you please turn that down!" too often. Hope you enjoy. -Claire
Hey guys, Claire here - sorry, I'm wrapping up some work for the week before I post something fun - check back around 6pm CT.   - Claire
Today Claire has something fun in store. Check back here right around 5pm ET, when Claire takes over the page for a bit.
Check out today’s St. Joseph News-Press for more on Claire and Senator Blunt’s work to get additional C-130 aircraft assigned to the Air National Guard Base in St. Joe.  
 
 “It would benefit America’s military readiness and the St. Joseph community to see these aircraft assigned to Rosecrans,” Claire wrote. Story here: http://www.newspressnow.com/news/local_news/article_f6beac8d-96cf-591b-8525-1c5b3f068dad.html
Happy International Women's Day. Today, let's celebrate and love the women in our lives and show them our appreciation and respect.
This latest brazen theft, from a Niagara Falls home shows why Congress must pass the Metal Theft Prevention Act: http://ow.ly/ix1y4
"Today, we commemorate International Women’s Day – a day observed around the world to celebrate the economic, political and social achievements of women past, present and future. As we come together today, let us celebrate the progress we have made and reaffirm our commitment to the fight for equality around the globe." - JS
In case you missed it: yesterday I appeared on "Hardball" to talk filibuster with Chris Matthews.
Happy International Women's Day! It's never too early to start teaching your daughters that they can be anything they want to be.
NA
