NA
“Beginning this week, hundreds of thousands of civilian defense employees in Maryland and across the country will experience furloughs as a result of Congress’s inability to compromise on a balanced, responsible agreement to reduce the deficit. In addition to the non-defense federal employees in Maryland who have already taken furlough days, over 41,000 of our constituents who work at defense installations will begin furloughs this week, and we once again urge the House to take action to replace the sequester in its entirety with a balanced alternative and end these unnecessary furloughs.     “Our civilian defense employees are talented, dedicated men and women who work alongside uniformed personnel and ensure our war-fighters have the resources and support they need while serving in Afghanistan and fulfilling their missions elsewhere in the world. Unfortunately, civilian employees at our seventeen defense installations in Maryland will see their ability to support our uniformed personnel significantly eroded as they are forced to take unpaid leave for one day each week over the next eleven weeks. Many of these hardworking civil servants expect significant financial hardship due to this unfair 20% pay cut, which will cost our state over $137 million and will impact local businesses outside of the gates of these facilities, as well. We are deeply concerned about the harm these furloughs will have on Maryland’s economy and on our nation’s military readiness.     “Congress ought to be working toward a balanced agreement to replace the sequester, end furloughs for all federal employees, and put our nation back on a fiscally sustainable path. We continue to urge our colleagues to reach such an agreement as soon as possible. For the sake of working families in Maryland, our uniformed military personnel, and the mission of our defense installations and other federal facilities, we cannot delay.”
I'll miss Janet's leadership. She's done so much to protect folks in Delaware and across the country.
Wilkes-Barre police has made a significant effort to reduce crime and keep the community safe. It’s incumbent upon Congress to make sure police officers have the necessary resources to do their jobs. The law enforcement cuts that the House is proposing are wholly irresponsible and will make the job of police officers more challenging. I’m urging the Senate to reject these cuts and ensure that police departments like Wilkes-Barre have the tools they need to combat crime.  http://1.usa.gov/18dOic1
Earlier today, Senator Donnelly addressed Indiana's American Legion for their 95th annual state convention in Indianapolis.
Janet Napolitano will make a fine president of the University of California. I welcome her to California and look forward to a new constituent.
Visiting staff and troops at Holloman Air Force Base today. Getting briefed on the aircraft flown here, including the MQ-9.
It was great to see so many of our servicemembers and veterans at the Iron Hide Safety Awareness Motorcycle Rally today in Alamogordo. You are helping to make sure we don’t lose anyone else to needless accidents on the road. Big thanks to the Alamogordo Chamber of Commerce and all of the people who helped organize the ride for their hard work to make the rally a success.
Visiting the Brackish Groundwater National Desalination Research Facility in Alamogordo today. I congratulate the facility for winning the Department of Energy 2012 Better Buildings Federal Award and commend the entire team here for supporting a culture of excellence and shared responsibility. Energy efficiency is within reach, and New Mexico is leading the charge!
Grateful to Roanoke’s public safety professionals for rescuing and helping citizens during this week’s flash floods. Thank you, City Manager Morrill, Chief of Police Perkins, and Fire-EMS Chief Hoback.  I know the surrounding jurisdictions helped and I’m glad to know the Roanoke Valley works together in emergencies.
NA
Pat Moores' mother passed away while waiting for VA benefits due to the VA backlog. Our vets and their spouses deserve better
Checking out Gov. Trumbull's War Office in Lebanon.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUV_As5ABpA  West Virginians, if you have not yet heard Pocahontas County native Wyatt Turner’s original song, “Remind Me of West Virginia,” I would recommend taking a moment to watch this video.   An aspiring country music artist, Wyatt is incredibly talented. His song truly captures the beauty of the Mountain State and the pride that we, as West Virginians, take in the place we call home. I look forward to watching him grow in his music career.
We must end the unprecedented obstruction that presidential nominees have faced in the Senate. #EndGridlock
Remember, the immigration debate is about improving people's lives.
Congratulations to Exeter's Victoria Arlen, nominated for the ESPY Awards as the "Best Female Athlete With a Disability." New Hampshire is proud of Victoria's achievements and fortunate to have such a wonderful role model to inspire us all!
During the 4th of July work period, I was glad to travel through eastern New Mexico and talk with local leaders, farmers and ranchers and small business owners about how I can work with them as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee to improve economic conditions in our rural communities. From Tucumcari to Raton, I heard about the incredible need for affordable housing and community development projects, the desperate situations our farmers and ranchers are facing during the drought, how we can care for our veterans, and most importantly, how we must support our small businesses to create jobs and help our communities thrive. I look forward to continuing the partnerships we are forging as I keep fighting for New Mexico priorities in the Senate. In the meantime, you can click below to see more photos and read about the trip.
Congratulations and thank you to Goodwill Industries of New Mexico, Mesilla Valley Community of Hope and New Mexico Veterans Integration Centers for receiving a combined $1.9 million in grant funding to provide services to veterans in 26 New Mexico counties who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless. Homelessness among veterans is a serious problem that we must solve, and I am pleased to see funding go to three excellent partners on the ground who are working to help our veterans. It's especially important to ensure services are in place as more of our military men and women come home to New Mexico from serving overseas. As a a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, I won't stop pushing to ensure the federal government is doing everything it can to help provide access to housing, employment and other essential services in their communities after defending our country around the world.
Glad to join U.S. Department of Agriculture Under Secretary Kevin Concannon to kick off RI's Summer Food Service Program, which provides free, nutritious lunches for children around the state. To find a summer lunch site in your neighborhood, visit http://1.usa.gov/15bOGnb.
I joined 15 of my colleagues yesterday in calling for an investigation into the fees and practices associated with pre-paid “payroll cards,” cards some employers use to pay their employees instead of payroll checks or direct deposit. We must send a loud and clear signal that we will not tolerate financial products that take advantage of vulnerable, low-income workers.
Spoke this morning at Bisnow's 2nd annual #NoVA State of the Market in Falls Church.
Today I joined CNBC's Squawk Box to talk about why we need the 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to make our financial system more stable and secure, and protect American families. Watch the interview here.
