Today I had the honor of presenting Bridgeport, Stratford, and Hartford with EPA brownfield grants. I also met with Rep. Joe Courtney and members of the EPA to discuss potential future grants for the town of Somers.   Cleaning up brownfields is one of the best investments the federal government can make in a community. It greatly improves the environment, it provides areas for new businesses to grow, and strengthens our local economies. These grants will play a vital role in revitalizing contaminated sites in Bridgeport, Stratford, and Hartford.   I look forward to working with the EPA and local leadership to provide more grants like these across Connecticut.
Today I pushed for passage of a plan that would allow those with current student loans in good standing to refinance at the new lower rate of 3.68%.
Best of luck to Jackie Robinson West as they play today in the 2014 Little League World Series. You make Chicago and Illinois proud.
Glad to visit the Farbest Foods facility in Vincennes, one of the largest turkey producers in the U.S. Farbest ships about one million pounds of raw fresh and frozen turkey products daily to brand-name food processors in the U.S. and around the world.
California water bond will fund storage, levees, watershed restoration and more. I urge voters to approve in November.
Today I spoke with local law enforcement and some old friends from my time serving as our state’s Attorney General at the North Dakota Peace Officers Association Convention. North Dakota’s recent growth and prosperity has presented us with many opportunities, but it has also brought with it many challenges for the state’s various law enforcement officers. However, I know no matter how great the challenges may be, our North Dakota Peace Officers will rise to meet them, and I look forward to continuing my longstanding relationship with our state’s law enforcement as I continue working to make sure they have the resources needed to handle these new challenges. http://1.usa.gov/1kE1hu5
"This is about me coming to #Ferguson, talking to everyone on the ground and making sure they understand that I get it....This is not a wound that is going to heal overnight, it's going to take time...I'm just trying to do what I can." - Claire  Photo credit: Christine Ingrassia
“We need to de-militarize this situation—this kind of response by the police has become the problem instead of the solution. I obviously respect law enforcement’s work to provide public safety, but my constituents are allowed to have peaceful protests, and the police need to respect that right and protect that right. Today is going to be a new start, we can and need to do better.” - Claire on the ground in #Ferguson today speaking with the community.   More information, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/mccaskill-in-ferguson-time-to-de-militarize-this-situation
Today Social Security turns 79 – a lifeline for seniors & a covenant we must protect.
My staff and I enjoyed the delicious corn on the cob yesterday at the State Fair of West Virginia. Thank you, Shady Spring FFA Chapter!
It is hard to think that the scenes unfolding in Ferguson are taking place in an American city in the year 2014.   The nation's eyes are on the city of Ferguson and we will be watching closely. The public deserves a full disclosure of the facts surrounding the heartbreaking death of Michael Brown and the events that followed. Every community in America deserves equal justice and equal protection under the law.
Social Security reflects the best of America’s values. It promises all Americans that if they work hard and play by the rules, they can retire and live in dignity. Social Security is not a handout. It is a benefit that Americans earn, by working and paying into the system.
Great to have Susan Sylvester, president and chief financial officer of Absolute Resource Associates in Washington last month to advocate on behalf of women owned businesses and in support of my bill the Women's Small Business Procurement Parity Act.   Read more here: http://bit.ly/XkvSmq 
Last week, Senator Shaheen met with the North Country Veterans Council to discuss bipartisan legislation recently passed by the Senate to reform the VA and greatly expand health care access for New Hampshire veterans.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1sYHtB4 
It was a great day in Great Falls!
