Today marks 5 years since last time the federal minimum wage was raised. Raising the minimum wage is win-win-win: it will help Americans put food on their tables, boost the economy, and lift families out of poverty. It would benefit 28 million + workers across the country, including 228,400 in CT.  Senate Republicans have blocked a vote on this once this year, but we’ll keep working to get it passed. Share this.
Great meeting with Claire McCaskill and Kirsten Gillibrand on campus sexual assault—hopeful we will introduce strong bipartisan legislation soon.
Please share if you know a veteran or their family member in need of work. Go to carper.senate.gov/veterans for more info.
Listen to Joe discuss Congress and the Baseball Hall of Fame on ESPN podcast Capital Games with ABC's Rick Klein and ESPN's Andy Katz.
Brent Scowcroft and I introduced Liz Sherwood-Randall at the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Great pick for Deputy Secretary of Energy.
Federal assistance programs overlook homeless children and families. My bill with Senator Portman fixes this problem.
Important step for Iraq with the election of a new president. An inclusive government is key to Iraq's democracy and the battle against ISIL.
A new report from the Union of Concerned Scientists shows how climate change increases the risk of wildfires in California.
About to go live on KUNM Radio's Call In Show to discuss the Central American refugee crisis. Tune in to 89.9 FM or 
Today I met with the President’s top advisor, John Podesta, to again urge the Administration to reconsider proposals to slash the effectiveness of the Renewable Fuel Standard that will hurt farmers, cost jobs, and threaten renewable fuel production. The Administration has heard repeatedly from me on this issue, including when I brought the EPA Administrator to North Dakota, and I believe our persistence will pay off.  Now is the time for America to embrace homegrown, renewable fuels and the jobs it creates, not hinder their development with shortsighted proposals. 
Today I met with U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Nominee Robert McDonald to discuss how he would work to restore trust to the VA and make sure all veterans, including Native American and rural veterans, get access to quality resources and benefits in a timely fashion. We need changes at the VA to address problems that have been persistent for far too long so we improve care for all veterans. http://1.usa.gov/1rEh4eB
Yesterday I spoke on the floor about the #refugeecrisis at the border and 6 ways we should respond.
The Montford Point Marines broke down barriers for African Americans serving in our Armed Forces. For their heroic service, I cosponsored a bill awarding them Congressional Gold Medal.  Life-long Calvert Co. Marylander Corporal Elmer Mackall served his country as a Montford Marine, but never received his medal or official recognition.  I was proud to cut through the red tape & break bureaucracy so Cpl. Mackall received this long-overdue honor he deserves. We're demonstrating that a grateful nation never forgets.  
Happy Birthday Claire! You don't look a day over 16. ;) #TBT
It has been 5 years since the last federal minimum wage increase went into effect – share if you think it’s time to bring the minimum wage up to match today’s cost of living. #1010Now
Operation Stand Down is hosting a job fair for all RI veterans today at CCRI in Warwick.  More than 50 employers looking to hire Vets will be on hand.  Please spread the word!  http://www.providencejournal.com/business/content/20140723-operation-stand-down-hosting-job-fair-thursday-for-r.i.-veterans.ece
My friend Bernie Sanders, the Chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, is absolutely right.
If there’s any one thing that should cause a politician to look past political games, it’s our nation’s veterans. It’s time for the House to stop playing games and do the hard work of reforming the VA and making sure our veterans get the care they earned. Veterans are watching. http://1.usa.gov/1kef4Yn
