I've been working with a bipartisan group of senators to reform our broken immigration system. Today, we announced our framework, which includes many of the tenets laid out in the Colorado Compact and begins the process to pass comprehensive immigration reform. There is still a difficult road ahead, but I look forward to continuing this bipartisan work. Read the details of our plan and add your support:
NA
Cardin  On Bipartisan Framework For Comprehensive Immigration Reform Monday, January 28, 2013-----  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a supporter of comprehensive immigration reform, released the following statement in response to the bipartisan immigration framework announced today. The measure would strengthen our border security, create a tough but fair legalization program, create a workable system to ensure that employers only hire legal workers in the future, and make sure we admit workers that can help America better compete in the 21st century global marketplace.   “There is bipartisan agreement that our nation's immigration and border security system is broken and must be fixed. We must ensure that our borders are secure. At the same time, we must find a tough but fair process that allows illegal immigrants to come out of the shadows and find a path toward citizenship if they want to stay in this country. This is about keeping families whole and ensuring that immigration laws are respected. I commend my colleagues, including Senators Schumer and McCain, for coming together across party lines to develop a bipartisan framework for comprehensive immigration reform.  I also appreciate that the principles announced ‘will strengthen prohibitions against racial profiling and inappropriate use of force.’”
Shots snapped by Senator Cardin during the second swearing in of President Obama.
Ben- Staff in Baltimore sent this in. No way a wintry mix is going to keep Ravens Nation from showing their Purple Pride!
Today, my Chrysler Town & Country minivan hit 333,333 while driving around the riverfront in Wilmington!
Today, Joe received a piece of Senate history when he was told his new desk once belonged to Senators Edward Kennedy, Charles Goodell, Vance Hartke, and Richard Lugar. Joe is looking forward to continuing their efforts to find common sense solutions in a bipartisan way.
VIDEO: I spoke with Bob Schieffer on Face The Nation yesterday about gun policy. Watch here:
VIDEO: I joined Candy Crowley on CNN State of the Union yesterday to talk about my assault weapons bill. Watch here:
Senator Barbara Boxer and I just bet Senator Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski that the San Francisco 49ers will beat the Baltimore Ravens in the Super Bowl. Go 49ers!
Extremely pleased that a bipartisan group of Senators has agreed on what basic principles must be included in immigration reform legislation. Heading to a press conference with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to discuss what meaningful, comprehensive immigration reform looks like. Tune in here at 2:30: http://cs.pn/e1vwvH.
Today Senator Cardin & I challenged Senators Feinstein & Boxer of California to a high-stakes wager as the Ravens & 49ers head to the Super Bowl. We're so confident that the Ravens will bring back the Lombardi trophy we've put Faidley's crab cakes, Heavy Seas beer and Berger cookies on the line.  And so they won't look so ruffled after the Ravens fly high to victory, I'm even throwing in a can of one of Baltimore's favorite hair sprays!   While the 49ers may come in red and gold, they'll be seeing nothing but purple when they leave!
Baltimore comes together this morning to cheer on our Ravens headed to the Super Bowl! The Ravens are a first-rate team & I'm looking forward to bringing the Lombardi Trophy back to Baltimore!  WBAL TV has the rally live: http://www.wbaltv.com/news/sports/ravens/LIVE-at-11-30-Ravens-sendoff-rally/-/10042718/18303400/-/15onky/-/index.html
“Where I hope to make the most noise is in the space of making government more accountable.” – Claire
Immigration reform is an issue that we’ve had bipartisan support for in the past, and I am encouraged that key Republican voices are once again joining Democrats to work toward a solution.    I have long been an advocate for comprehensive and common-sense immigration reform and I am optimistic that Congress can finally get the job done.  For those who are here and working hard, there needs to be a path for earned citizenship.   This bipartisan framework could help build momentum, but it won’t mean much if it isn’t followed up with legislative action.  It won’t be easy, but we have an opportunity to create a stronger and more effective immigration system that is balanced and fair and strengthens America’s economic competitiveness.  Now is the time to act.
I am pleased that a bipartisan group of eight Senators have announced an agreement on a framework for comprehensive immigration reform this afternoon. Successful immigration reform must include a path to citizenship for the estimated 11 million undocumented individuals in our country. As Senator from Nevada who witnessed firsthand the difficulties our broken immigration system presents for immigrants and their families it is important to me personally that we resolve this issue.  I will do everything in my power to get a bill across the finish line.
Teaming up with Al D'Amato in Island Park to urge passage of critical Sandy aid bill
Thank you for all of your kind words and birthday wishes today! It was wonderful to hear from so many great people in New Hampshire.
We pay homage to Concord native Christa McAuliffe today on the 27th anniversary of the Challenger space shuttle tragedy.
Three years ago, the U.S. Supreme Court took elections out of the hands of Montanans by allowing corporations to spend secret sums of money.  That's why today I reintroduced a Constitutional Amendment to overturn the Supreme Court's ruling and put people back in charge of our elections.
I am very encouraged by the bipartisan framework that has been unveiled in the Senate to modernize our broken immigration system. Reform is long overdue. The proposal contains the elements necessary to overhaul the system, including securing our borders, a roadmap to earned citizenship and employment verification to hold employers accountable. I'm also pleased that it would provide further certainty for DREAMers and recognizes the importance of workforce stability within the agriculture industry. As a border state, this is good news for New Mexico. I look forward to reviewing the details of this legislation as it takes form and working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to give this issue the attention it deserves.
Encouraged by bipartisan consensus on comprehensive immigration reform. Looking forward to POTUS speech tomorrow. / Animado por el anuncio bipartidista sobre una reforma migratoria integral. El momento para hacer esto una realidad ha llegado.
