Two bedrock values that make America unique are that we are a nation of laws, and we are a nation of immigrants. Our bill embodies these American values by securing our border, creating a better process for future legal immigration, and providing a path to citizenship for families who came to this country for a better life but have had to live and work in the shadows for far too long. Please share this photo if you support fixing our broken immigration system.
We are discouraged but not defeated. The Senate said no to America today, but we will not take no for an answer. The Newtown families & Leader Reid say this is just round one. As they said today, “We’re not even close to done.” Today was a sad & shameful moment for Democracy, stymied by the 60 vote filibuster rule that stacked the deck against gun safety reform.
On December 14, 2012, Adam Lanza took the lives of 20 children and six educators at Sandy Hook Elementary School using 30-round magazines, enabling him to fire more than 150 rounds in five minutes. Lanza left his small capacity magazines at home, in what seemed to be a conscious decision to kill as many students and teachers as he could as quickly and lethally as possible. High capacity magazines are the key means of massacre for mass murders & must be banned. Read my op-ed today on The Huffington Post.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-richard-blumenthal/high-capacity-magazines_b_3100361.html
Video from Senator Cardin's interview this morning on C-SPAN.   Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) discussed current issues before Congress including- the attacks in Boston, gun sale background checks, immigration reform, and the President's budget.*He also discussed tensions with North Korea from his perspective as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific…
Sad and disappointed by Senate failure to pass a commonsense, bipartisan measure, sponsored by Senators Manchin and Toomey, to expand background checks and begin to address gun violence in this country. This is a tragic outcome in the aftermath of the Newtown shooting. Despite that, I won't give up in pushing for commonsense reforms to that keep dangerous weapons with the capacity to inflict unthinkable harm in our communities out of the hands of criminals, terrorists and the mentally ill.
This is an eye-opening piece in the New York Times on guns purchased online without background checks. Few rules, little regulation, and lots of risk. It underscores the urgent need for us to take action on background checks NOW.
Our job fair in Sussex County is less than two weeks away! You can go to http://coons.senate.gov/jobfair for a current list of registered employers. Please share!
Congratulations to Army Reserve combat medic and Winamac native Blayne Peterson for winning “Best Warrior Noncommissioned Officer of the Year” for AR-MEDCOM’s Best Warrior competition in Starke, Florida. The Best Warrior competition, created in 2002, highlights a competitor’s physical endurance, military knowledge, and mental perseverance in a competitive environment by measuring how well participants perform these tasks under stress. Peterson will now advance to the next level in the Best Warrior competition later this year.
Congratulations to Dick Lugar for being knighted by the British Empire last night for his work on US/UK relations.
Disappointed by today’s assault weapons vote, but knew this was an uphill battle. I will carry on the fight against these weapons of war.
PHOTO: I met with actress and child health advocate Jennifer Beals on the dangers of toxic chemicals in children’s products.
I am currently speaking on the Senate floor on my assault weapons legislation. Watch on www.c-span.org.
Thanks for stopping by the office today, Shiloh Christian School!
Congrats to Fargo teacher David Midgarden! You have made an impact on the lives of so many North Dakota students!
This conversation should be about what is in people’s minds, not about what is in their hands.
On the sixth anniversary of the horrible shootings at Virginia Tech yesterday, I took to the Senate floor to remember the 32 Hokies who lost their lives.  The tragedy happened after a dangerous young man illegally purchased weapons due to flaws in the background records check system.   I told the story of Liviu Librescu, a professor who lost his life barricading a classroom door with his body so that his students could escape to safety.  I hoped that Professor Librescu's example of selfless courage would embolden my colleagues to vote to reduce gun violence.  Instead, a minority of the Senate chose to use the filibuster to block a 54-member majority from passing a reasonable expansion of our nation's criminal background record check system.   I'm very disappointed that we missed a chance to make our country safer.
Earlier today I spoke on the Senate floor about gun safety. I will repeat here a portion of what I said: Too many times I have come to this floor to say, ‘I offer my thoughts and prayers to the parents of the victims of an assault weapon attack. How many more times will we have to offer our thoughts and prayers to victims of gun crimes?’  We need to take gun safety action.  The proposals we’ve seen are a good start, but we need to do more to protect Americans.
The common-sense immigration reform proposal that the Gang of 8 introduced early this morning represents a significant milestone in our nation’s efforts to fix our broken immigration system. It is the product of months of negotiations and is the most comprehensive immigration reform initiative in three decades. And it accomplishes something the American people have been asking for - true bipartisan compromise.    READ more here: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-bipartisan-gang-of-8-introduce-commonommon-sense-immigration-reform
Senator Manchin remains optimistic and he will continue to explain his bill to his colleagues and anyone with concerns until the minute they vote.  So far Senator Manchin has managed to garner support from an A-rated NRA member and three Republican Senators as well as 90 percent of his own party.   He will be speaking on the floor at 11:15am to explain facts of bill and dispel myths of his bill.   Watch it live here: http://www.senate.gov/floor/index.htm
NA
Many of you have inquired as to why I voted against the Manchin-Toomey background checks legislation, even though I fully support it. Good question. I voted no for procedural reasons so that I can retain the right to bring it up for a vote in the near future. For an explanation of this rather odd Senate rule, please read this article:
Forces of work against background checks became so obsessed they lost sight of the big picture - standing up for victims:
Today’s vote was a disappointment. But this is not over, and we are not giving up. As I told gun violence survivors today, I will do everything I can to fight for stronger background checks.
This morning, I laid out my detailed views on gun rights and gun safety in a speech on the Senate floor. Here’s the transcript and video: http://democrats.senate.gov/2013/04/17/reid-remarks-in-support-of-assault-weapons-ban-limits-on-high-capacity-magazines/
Lunch today with a terrific group of interns in the DC office
Our immigration system is broken. Let's start a national conversation on how to fix it. Read the bipartisan Senate immigration reform bill here: http://www.schumer.senate.gov/forms/immigration.pdf
Senator Shaheen's statement on the defeat of Manchin-Toomey compromise to expand background checks to reduce gun violence:    “In New Hampshire we have a long tradition of safe and legal firearm ownership and that is a tradition I support and respect. But, as Americans, we also have a responsibility to work to reduce gun violence and to prevent horrible tragedies like the Newtown shooting. Conducting background checks on individuals seeking to purchase firearms is a matter of common sense and the Manchin-Toomey bill provided a bipartisan framework to help meet that objective. This proposal represented a pragmatic and sensible way to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people while protecting the rights of law-abiding citizens and I am disappointed that this legislation failed to advance. I am hopeful that we can continue this debate and in the future, move forward with policies that effectively reduce gun violence while safeguarding the rights of law-abiding citizens.”
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
Via The Concord Monitor, read about Senator Shaheen's fight for commonsense, price-saving reforms to the U.S. sugar program that costs consumers and businesses an estimated $3.5 billion and 20,000 jobs a year.
DON'T MISS IT: Senator Schatz chairs first Energy Subcommittee hearing, highlights the amendments to the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhK9Nipf724&feature=youtu.be
"Race to the Top must work better for kids in rural America:" http://1.usa.gov/Zs0Cia
It’s disappointing that, in the wake of one of the most tragic acts of gun violence in our nation’s history, a group of Senators chose to block by filibuster these commonsense measures – effectively standing with far-right groups like the NRA over gun-violence victims and their families.  I was proud today to stand with the majority of Americans who support efforts to get rid of background-check loopholes and high-capacity ammunition magazines, and I will continue standing with them for as long as it takes.  We must not give up.
Why will I be pushing for a high-capacity magazine ban in today's Senate votes? Because it can save lives. In this video of his Senate testimony, Colorado U.S. Attorney John Walsh testifies about the role of high-capacity magazines in Aurora, Tucson, and Newtown. It is a call to action.   Click SHARE to help make sure your friends and family understand the role of high-capacity magazines in Aurora, Tucson, and Newtown.
It’s very disappointing that we could not reach 60 votes in the Senate for the reasonable, bipartisan legislation to strengthen background checks.
I am reviewing the bipartisan Group of Eight immigration proposal and my initial impressions are very positive.  I am encouraged to see a consensus forming to take action to reform our broken immigration system. Immigrants in Virginia are small business owners, entrepreneurs, agricultural workers, top students, neighbors and community leaders.  These new Americans help make our Commonwealth stronger. /  Estoy estudiando la propuesta recientemente publicada por el grupo bipartidista de ocho senadores y  mis primeras impresiones son positivas. Virginia cuenta con una comunidad hispana vibrante y creciente que ha contribuido en todas las facetas en la historia de nuestro estado. Los inmigrantes en Virginia son propietarios de pequeñas empresas, fundadores de compañías de tecnología, trabajadores agrícolas, estudiantes sobresalientes, líderes cívicos y más que nada nuestros vecinos. Son estos nuevos estadounidenses los que han contribuido en la creación de una Virginia llena de oportunidades.
"35 to 40 percent of tech-related companies in Northern Virginia have at least one founder that is a first-generation American," Senator Warner said. "If we had Post-9/11 immigration policies in place in the 1980s and 90s, I am not sure we would ever have had companies like Intel or Google."  (staff)
Every year during the Marathon, we are one family. We cheer for each other, and we carry each other across finish lines. When tragedy strikes, we are also one family. We hurt together, and we help together.  In the weeks and months ahead, your struggles will be our struggles, your pain our pain, your efforts our efforts. We will be together through sorrow and anger, rehabilitation and recovery. We will be together because we are one family.
