President Obama can bring workers out of the shadows, support family unification and ensure that children have the right to live free in the only country they have called home.  We cannot allow eleven million individuals to continue living in fear and uncertainty. United We Dream
Tuesday was a rough night for Democrats, but had huge victories for gun reform. Washington State passed a ballot initiative to implement tough universal background checks. Read and share: http://j.mp/1tgQ5RC
Dia and Eric Ames' business Zoup! is a great example of how the U.S. Small Business Administration can help small business owners. Zoup! opened in Wilmington with an SBA-backed loan through Applied Bank and created 12 new Delaware jobs and counting.
A long overdue honor for one of the heroes of Gettysburg.
Following the successful capture of Eric Frein, I'm glad to be joined by local Poconos’ business leaders and SBDC officials to promote the region’s businesses and destinations as once again ‘open for business.’
Illinois lost one of its kindest, most caring public servants with the passing of my friend and colleague Lane Evans. We came to Congress together in 1982 and recall many of our common causes for veterans and serving in our downstate districts. Parkinson’s may have trapped his body, but never restrained his great spirit. Thank heavens for Lane Evans.
The Red River Corridor Fund received more than $1.1 million in federal funding to incentivize private companies to help small businesses and local economies grow. When our small businesses have an environment they can thrive in, it creates more jobs and helps grow our communities and state. These funds will help encourage more private-public partnerships across the state so small businesses, private lenders, and the federal government can work collaboratively to build North Dakota’s already growing economy.
The North Dakota Department of Transportation received nearly $350,000 in federal funds to support state highway programs, including efforts to reduce impaired driving and speeding, reduce crashes from unsafe driving behavior and more. North Dakota’s population and economic growth has created many great opportunities for our state, but with that has also come new challenges. One of these challenges is the need to expand highway safety programs, which these funds will help expand so folks can safely get to and from work and school.
Hampton Roads is a low-lying coastal region where sea level rise, land subsidence, and extreme weather vulnerability converge to create major flooding challenges. This summer, Old Dominion University unveiled a two-year pilot program aimed at coordinating the response to the challenges that sea level rise and recurrent flooding pose to the Hampton Roads region. I’m urging federal support for ODU’s pilot program because it’s time to tackle the complex issue of sea level rise. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1qrQAII
Honored to be part of the PBS series MAKERS: Women in Politics, talking trailblazers for women in politics. Tune in to PBS or MAKERS.com to check it out.
Inherent in our system of government, no one party has a permanent hold on power. As we once again cycle into a new balance of power in the Senate – and in Annapolis – we encourage all of our current and new colleagues to work together in a bipartisan manner to meet the challenges currently facing our nation.    Gridlock has never created jobs or provided capital to a small business owner. And it will not bring us closer to energy security.    What we need is civil debate and cooperation. We need to put American families at the top of our priority list. We must find a way to break free of the conflicts that have polarized us in the past and seek rational compromises that move us forward, strengthening America’s economy and improving security at home and abroad.  In Annapolis, as in Washington, the need for rational compromise and bipartisanship is essential. Team Maryland is ready and willing to work with our new governor in a positive partnership that keeps our state moving forward and provides greater opportunity for all Marylanders.
Interested in learning more about the college financial aid process?  Join me in Warwick on Monday, November 10th at 6pm for a free workshop with financial aid experts:
Cleaned my plate at family-owned Totonno Pizzeria Napolitano of Coney Island - Zagat & I say it’s the best pizza in NY!
This historic, over $1.6 billion federal investment will provide a massive shot of adrenaline for New York City’s public hospitals and their recovery from Superstorm Sandy.
Yesterday, I had the honor of participating in the dedication of a new exhibit at the National Museum of Nuclear Science and History in Albuquerque commemorating the significant contributions made by the 150th Fighter Wing of the New Mexico Air National Guard, better known as the “TACOS”. Our state has a great tradition of military service, and when our nation has called, New Mexico has always answered.  The 150th Fighter Wing--the legendary TACOS--answered that call many times: from Korea to Iraq, from Bosnia to 911. And that tradition continues with the 150th Special Operations Wing, with its ongoing mission to train and support our fighters. In the Senate, nothing is more important to me than honoring the brave New Mexico men and women who serve our country, and making sure our veterans get the respect and benefits they have earned. That is a solemn obligation, and one that I strive to meet every day.
People who work hard and invest to build savings should feel confident that the investment advice they receive is honest and well-intentioned. We need a strong fiduciary rule from the Labor Department and SEC so that brokers cannot push bad investment products that improve their own finances at their clients’ expense.
