Another day, another GOP attack that ignores the 9 million Americans who have new coverage since Obamacare was enacted.
To clear up confusion, Peyton Manning explains his patented "Omaha" call.
A year to the day that President Obama launched the “Now is the Time” violence prevention initiative, Congress has successfully passed $115 million in support of the program. Funds appropriated through today’s approved FY2014 spending bill will be used to help improve mental health care in this country by allotting:
CARDIN, MCCAIN INTRODUCE GLOBAL HUMAN RIGHTS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT   “Visiting the United States and having access to our financial system, including U.S. dollars, are privileges that should not be extended to those who violate basic human rights and the rule of law.” WASHINGTON- U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-Md.) and Senator John McCain WASHINGTON- U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-Md.) and John McCain (R-Ariz.), both members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, have introduced the Global #HumanRights Accountability Act, legislation that would ensure human rights abusers from anywhere in the world are denied entry into the United States and barred from using our financial institutions. The bill, S. 1933, would expand the #Russia-specific sanctions in the Sergei #Magnitsky Rule of #Law Accountability Act (Public Law 112-208) to apply globally, as outlined in the 2012 Senate Foreign Relations Committee- and #Senate Finance Committee-passed versions of the bill.   “The United States must maintain its global leadership in the fight against corruption and human rights abuses wherever they occur,” said Senator Cardin. “This #bipartisan bill gives us the tools to deter future abuses throughout the world, while also protecting our strategic financial infrastructure from those who would use it to launder or shelter ill-gotten gains.  Gross violators of human rights from #Zimbabwe to #Ukraine, and #Honduras to Papua New Guinea, are put on notice that they cannot escape the consequences of their actions even when their home country fails to act.”   “#Congress passed the Magnitsky Act in 2012 to place the United States firmly on the side of those struggling for human rights and the rule of law in Russia,” said Senator McCain. “This bipartisan legislation extends that effort, holding accountable those who commit gross violations of human rights across the world. Standing up for the rule of law and establishing clear consequences for abuses of fundamental human rights serves our nation’s interests and reflects of deepest values, and I am proud to join Senator Cardin in this effort.” Cosponsors of the Global Human Rights Accountability Act (S. 1933) include Senator Dick Durbin Roger Wicker Carl Levin Senator Richard Blumenthal Edward J. Markey Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Today, our climate change debates are focused on the science – instead of the solutions.  Our debates focus on backsliding current clean air laws instead of improving them.   Essentially, we are back to debating whether we can have a strong economy OR a clean environment.  History has shown this is a false choice. 
Research and development transforms ideas into innovations that grow businesses and create good manufacturing jobs. Senator Coons and Senator Roberts came together this week to introduce a bill that will help more small companies and innovative startups invest in R&D.
“I am pleased that Congress is doing its job.  By passing a funding bill for the year, we will avoid another unnecessary government shutdown that would cause further harm to our economy.  We have a lot of work to do to help create jobs and improve our economy.” 
Today I joined my Senate colleagues on the Hispanic Task Force to discuss issues important to the Hispanic community, including the urgent need for the House to act and pass comprehensive immigration reform that includes the DREAM Act. DREAMers are leaders in their communities and contribute so much to this country.
Read this article in the Dickinson Press about my meeting yesterday with Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird and Canadian Ambassador to the U.S. Gary Doer. We talked about the importance of approving the Keystone XL pipeline to help lead us toward North American energy independence. 
WASHINGTON (Thursday, January 16, 2014) -- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wis.), Congressman John Conyers (D-Mich.), Congressman John Lewis (D-Ga.) and Senator Chris Coons (D-Del.) held a press conference to discuss their bipartisan, bicameral introduction of legislation to uphold the Voting Rights Act.
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday joined Chuck Todd on MSNBC to discuss the NSA and the Leahy-Sensenbrenner USA FREEDOM Act.
Today I introduced legislation that would protect our pilots and air traffic controllers. As a pilot myself, I recognize that there is nothing more important than making sure our skies are safe and I appreciate the FAA’s efforts to offer the best guidance on how to do so. I also believe that government should work as a partner with the private sector. It’s just common sense to let the pilot community provide public feedback during the rulemaking process before the FAA finalizes any new guidelines.  To read more, please visit my website.
We are not going to forget about unemployment extension. We are not going to walk away from this issue. Please read this: 
Our 80s suits were timeless; hairlines weren't, unless you're George Miller. #tbt
Nice story:
Senator Shaheen, a member of the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee, released the following statement after the Senate approved the bipartisan appropriations bill by a vote of 72-26.   “The bill we passed today puts in place a responsible plan to spur economic growth and job creation, protects us from the economic consequences of another government shutdown, and invests in critical New Hampshire priorities.  It also cuts wasteful spending in a smart, targeted way, provides New Hampshire small businesses with desperately needed certainty for the future, and represents the kind of bipartisan compromise we need more of in Washington.  I hope we can carry the bipartisan momentum behind this bill forward into the future to further promote efforts to create jobs and grow our economy.”   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1djNmCa 
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon to call for passage of the bipartisan appropriations bill that will both promote economic growth and job creation. The bill also includes many key measures important to New Hampshire and championed by Shaheen in recent months. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1d4iFxj   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGDjKA4DWQI&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA&feature=c4-overview
A reminder that my staff will be in Windham and Pelham today to speak one-on-one with area residents seeking assistance with federal agencies. Details here: http://1.usa.gov/1cXtCUN 
Talking about the troubling influence of money in politics earlier today on Morning Joe.  LIKE and SHARE to help me spread the word about the damage that unlimited and secret spending is having on our government and society.
Today I received an important commitment from a powerful Senate committee chairwoman to work with me on finding reliable funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes  (PILT) program, a critical source of revenue for local governments throughout New Mexico and the rural West.  In some of our counties, 70% of the land is federal, and because it can't be developed and it can't be taxed, the federal government makes payments in lieu of taxes to help compensate local communities. The program, which has been in place a very long time, is currently expired, but I'm fighting to get it fully funded in the future so our counties and local governments can continue providing key services like law enforcement, public safety, roads, education and health services. Click here to watch our discussion in the Senate today.
It's good to see Congress return to an orderly process. This two-year agreement should help Virginia families, employers and community leaders move forward with more predictability and confidence. While I’m pleased that, at least in the near term, we will not be lurching from crisis to crisis, we still need to have an adult conversation about our nation’s spending and debt.
