NA
The year 2013 was a particularly challenging year for #humanrights, and today we cannot afford to be silent. The Global Human Rights Accountability Act (Global #Magnitskty) serves as encouragement for champions of democracy, promoters of civil rights, and advocates of free speech across the globe. As the great human rights defender Nelson #Mandela once said “There are times when a leader must move out ahead of the flock, go off in a new direction, confident that he is leading his people the right way.”   In this great body, the Senate, we have a responsibility to lead the way toward accountability for global human rights.  I hope you will join me in cosponsoring this important legislation today.
Are you following Ben on Twitter? Stay up to date on what's going on the Senate Floor and across Maryland by following @SenatorCardin
I’ve always felt Delawareans and all Americans have a right to know who’s funding our campaigns.  It’s time that we stop allowing special interest groups from having a disproportionate influence over our political process through unlimited, secretive spending.
The hearing I'm leading on Electronics Recycling has been rescheduled to begin at 1:00 p.m. Join me and watch it live:http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/hearings/recycling-electronics-a-common-sense-solution-for-enhancing-government-efficiency-and-protecting-our-environment
Today I'll be holding a hearing on recycling electronics in a way that's efficient and friendly to the environment. Join me at 1:30 p.m.
As a long-time supporter of smart investments in transportation, I applaud President Obama’s proposed reauthorization of our nation’s federal transportation program that will expand economic opportunities for both businesses and workers.  
Senator Donnelly this morning spoke with the Greater Lafayette Commerce as part of their annual trip to Washington, D.C. Donnelly gave remarks regarding opportunities for economic growth in our state and discussed how we can work together to continue to close the skills gap between Hoosier workers and businesses in order to fill the jobs available today.
The New Mexico Museum of Natural History & Science and Explora Science Center in Albuquerque ranked in USA TODAY's list of Top Ten Best Museums for Families. I couldn't agree more!
Fargo resident Jesse Breidenbach with the Safety Net Hospital for Pharmaceutical Access stopped in today to talk about the importance of discount drug programs for safety net providers.
Met with North Dakota Up with Downs to talk about ways we can improve assistance for those with down syndrome and continue to fund research for it. It made my day to see such an energetic and wonderful group.
Today’s new report from the State Department’s Inspector General shows proper measures were taken in vetting and selecting Environmental Resources Management to assist in preparing the required environmental evaluation for the Keystone XL pipeline. In fact, in some cases, the Department actually made the selection process even more stringent for ERM than prescribed. This report finally puts this issue to bed. Another box has been checked in this long, exhaustive process, and the evidence again shows that we must continue toward final approval of the Keystone XL pipeline without delay. As I have said - and will continue to reiterate - this project is in our economic, national security, and energy interests. And it hurts us all when the delays on it continue.
On Monday, February 24, 2014, Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.), Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, continued her Maryland Jobs Tour at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Senator Mikulski announced that the recently-passed Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014, legislation she introduced that was signed into law by President Obama, champions federal employees by ending the threat of a government shutdown and rolling furloughs and pays for a one-percent cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for both blue collar wage-grade and General Schedule (GS) scale federal employees. The legislation also cancels devastating sequester cuts and includes a $1 billion increase over fiscal year 2013 levels that will help NIH meet its mission of enhancing health, lengthening life, and reducing illness and disability.
This week I continued my Maryland Jobs Tour meeting with employees at the National Institutes of Health along with NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins. NIH is a world-class institution, serving as the foundation for U.S. medical innovation. Investments in NIH are investments in community health, research, education and our innovation economy.   Every day, the NIH is meeting compelling human need developing new treatments and cures. It truly is the National Institutes of Hope. That’s why I fought so hard to support critical health innovation and research at NIH in the Consolidated Appropriations Act law. I will continue to fight for NIH and the thousands of men and women working every day in every way for patients and families in Maryland and across America. 
In honor of the 53rd anniversary of the Peace Corps, I would like to thank the West Virginians who are currently serving abroad as Peace Corps Volunteers. Your desire to make a difference around the world has improved the lives of millions. Thank you for proudly representing America's legacy of service.   #PeaceCorpsWeek2014
Here's how I really feel about what happened to the bipartisan veterans benefits bill today: http://youtu.be/IspmggDtj8Q
There are plenty of issues on which Republicans and Democrats will always disagree. But, historically, Democrats and Republicans have been able to agree on one thing: Congress should do everything in its power to protect those who risked their lives to protect this country. Sadly, Republicans didn't allow that to happen today.
#Syracuse Univ Taishoff Center is leading the charge to make college accessable to those with disabilities
NA
Energy efficiency remains the fastest and most cost-effective way to address our nation’s energy needs and this legislation will be a big step in moving toward a more energy-efficient economy. –Senator Shaheen  More here: http://1.usa.gov/1dFZgo4
Great speaking with constituents during tonight’s telephone town hall. Looking forward to the next one! -JS
This week I called out the Department of Homeland Security for proposing a misguided plan to collect license tag numbers from vehicles nationwide.  Montanans elected me to protect their privacy rights, and I will continue to stand up to any proposal that threatens the privacy of law-abiding Americans. http://1.usa.gov/1hXhjh4
With continued declines in snowpack and rainfall levels across the state, water conservation gets more important every day, and I'm doing all I can to help  our communities cope. That's why I fought hard for federal conservation grants to be included in the farm bill, and I'm pleased the USDA is following through on my request to make more assistance available in New Mexico.    Individuals, local governments, tribes, irrigation districts and acequias qualify for new conservation innovation grants, and I encourage all those who rely on a dedicated water supply to learn more and apply. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue working hard to make sure resources like these are reaching our communities.
The Affordable Care Act means seniors in Rhode Island and across the country save hundreds of dollars on their prescriptions as the Medicare doughnut hole closes.  It means new access to free preventive services.  And for those who don’t qualify for Medicare yet, it means not worrying about losing insurance coverage if they retire early or change jobs.  I was glad to join my fellow Senators yesterday to send a message that the Affordable Care Act is making a real difference for American seniors, plain and simple. If you’re a Rhode Islander who needs insurance, take some time to explore your options at www.healthsourceri.com.
