Shamil has stage 4 cancer. He wished to become a U.S. citizen, but failed the verbal part of the test and likely does not have enough time left to learn English well enough to pass. Senator Blumenthal’s office worked with USCIS to get a rare exception to the verbal part of the test, and had USCIS and a member of the court go to his home to swear Shamil in as a U.S. Citizen, since he is weak and has difficulty traveling.  His daughter passed along these words: "we are very grateful because of the dear Senator's help in making my dad's dream come true. My father said, 'I am going to take my last breath as a citizen of this wonderful nation. Thank you for making that possible.'"
As we celebrate #EarthWeek, more than four decades after the first #EarthDay in 1970, one of the most important lessons we can pass along to our children and grandchildren is that we must work to protect and improve the livability and environmental health of our planet.   This is an urgent issue. From the dead zones in the #Chesapeake Bay - an icon at the heart of #Maryland's #economy and culture - to thick air in downtown #Beijing, #China, and places in between, climate change is the biggest global threat facing humanity. Deadlier storms, rising sea levels, crippling droughts and deadly wildfires are leaving #American taxpayers with growing tabs for mounting costs of disaster recovery. The cost of preparation is far less.  As a Nation, we must demonstrate to the next generation that change is possible.  We must act now to reduce our carbon footprint. We can reduce pollution, and in doing so we can help our environment and grow our economy by continuing the American tradition of technological innovation.   Seventy percent of Marylanders live in coastal zones. We see the scientific impact of climate change on Smith Island and the Inner Harbor, in the fields of Western Maryland and the edges of Ocean City. But in Maryland, strong clean energy rules have had an impact for the better. We saw it in the lesser damage incurred during Hurricane Sandy and we've seen it in job creation and economic growth. Investing in renewable energy, energy efficiency and infrastructure resiliency will result in cleaner, healthier communities, it will create jobs and it will bolster our economy regionally and nationally.
Join me in congratulating #MD's own Tatyana McFadden on winning the #BostonMarathon's women's wheelchair race. #Maryland raised and #BostonStrong! Congrats & happy birthday!
Good luck to all the #BostonMarathon runners. Would like to express special support for the ~600 #MD marathoners. #BostonStrong
Great story from NPR showing the power of love from man’s best friend. Wishing all the best to Jessica Kensky, Patrick Downes and all Boston Marathon bombing survivors.
Today, 73 Delawareans and runners from across the world will stride towards the finish line in this year’s 118th Boston Marathon. I hope the great weather, crowd, and festivities will help them reach their goal. Best of luck to all! #BostonStrong http://watchlive.baa.org/ 
NA
Headed West on I-40 to the Gila National Forest. Tomorrow I'll be in the forests along the Arizona-New Mexico state border with U.S. Senator Jeff Flake to discuss restoration and related treatment, conservation, and protecting our communities from wildfire.
Today the United States Postal Service announced that they will introduce Mobile Point of Sale devices in six locations across North Dakota this week – following through on a commitment from Postmaster General Donahoe after our meeting about mail delivery conditions in North Dakota. It’s no secret that mail delivery and service standards need to be improved in our state and this is a positive step forward. 
Today I hosted Federal Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerta, where he announced that North Dakota’s Northern Plains Unmanned Systems Authority is the first of six UAS sites to be officially up and running. I have always said North Dakota is a perfect spot for our nation to develop UAS technology and procedures and it’s great Administrator Huerta is able to see that for himself today. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=92dd5723-e6b9-4e15-98c1-b6e3537ec48a
Five years ago I helped lead the charge for the Serve America Act to refresh and renew our commitment to national service. I stood with President Obama when he signed it into law.   National service is about American values of neighbor helping neighbor, transforming lives & transforming communities.
A minimum wage worker in Nevada would have to work 93 hours each week just to pay rent for an average 2-bedroom apartment, according to this report. Hardworking Americans deserve a raise.
Councilman Bob Anderson knows in #NiagaraFalls we need more "jobs, jobs, jobs!"
Wrote on City of Niagara Falls Community Dev't Program's "For My City" Boards today.
To celebrate Earth Day, Senator Schatz visited Kauai Community College and spoke to students and administrators about the important work they are doing to promote sustainability and preserve our environment.
Senator Schatz spent the morning in Hanalei and hosted a Community Talk Story with Mike Ching at Ching Young Village.
Today is the 5th Anniversary of the Serve America Act that expands national service initiatives like AmeriCorps.  Whether bringing meals to seniors or mentoring young students, Montanans who serve our communities make our state a better place and deserve our support.
Every year I have the honor of nominating outstanding young people from New Mexico to our nation's military service academies. I'm pleased to announce the nominating process is open and my office is now accepting applications. We'll also be hosting information sessions, including two academy nights this week -- Tuesday in Santa Fe and Thursday in Las Cruces -- for high school students and recent graduates who are interested in applying. For more, watch this video below or visit my website at http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/academy and share if you know someone who would make a good candidate.
