Earlier this week, I called on the National School Boards Association to stop its planned partnership with the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. The partnership was meant to promote a supposed youth tobacco prevention program, Right Decisions Right Now. By saying that “kids shouldn’t use tobacco products,” the program implies that use of these products is safe for adults. Using the message that kids need to wait until they are adults to use tobacco products in effect dares or invites them to begin smoking now. It’s misleading and a dangerous message for our children.   I was pleased to hear yesterday that the National School Boards Association is severing this dangerous and deceptive partnership before Big Tobacco again infiltrates our classrooms. http://j.mp/ZsOmkE
The recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling on a Texas law has helped make sure this image doesn’t become a reality—the ruling temporarily allows women in Texas continued access to safe and legal abortion by preventing the closure of over a dozen abortion clinics throughout the state. Without this ruling, only eight abortion clinics would have remained open in the entire state of Texas, forcing many women to drive over 200-300 miles to receive the care they need.   Now, the case will be heard by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. When the Senate reconvenes in November, I will assuredly work to pass the Women’s Health Protection Act, which would prevent laws like these from passing in the first place. http://j.mp/1ttyUmv
Today is White Cane Safety Day, a day to celebrate the achievements of people who are blind or visually impaired. America leads the world in ensuring people of all abilities can contribute to making this country better. To continue our international leadership the Senate should ratify #CRPD.  Ratify the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has just announced a new program to fund the replacement of diesel engine school buses. The new buses will provide our nation’s children with healthier, more environmentally friendly rides to and from school.
Great to speak with Rog and Davo on Men In Blazers about the need for greater transparency from #FIFA. Also honored to be considered a #GFOP
I know of no other place more beautiful than Pennsylvania, especially so in autumn. To celebrate, I'm hosting a fall foliage photo contest on Facebook. Submit your favorite photo with your first name, hometown, and photo location to photos@casey.senate.gov. We'll select a few of our favorites and post them to Facebook and the photo that receives the most 'likes' will be used as my Facebook cover photo for the rest of the year. Please submit your photos by October 31st to be considered!  Note: photos will be cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions of 851 px by 315 px
October is National Cyber Security Awareness Month. Visit http://www.dhs.gov/stopthinkconnect to learn about the Department of Homeland Security’s Stop.Think.Connect campaign designed to raise awareness of cyber threats and help Americans be safer online. #NCSAM
It was a pleasure to visit Fair Oaks Farms this afternoon to learn about their eco-friendly, high-tech farming techniques. -Joe
Joe had the opportunity yesterday to tour the ArcelorMittal plant in Burns Harbor, the company’s second largest U.S. steelmaking facility.
Medicare’s open enrollment period starts today and runs through December 7. Take a few minutes to review your plan at Medicare.gov to ensure it’s the right plan for you. Learn more about choosing a health plan here:
Joined U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx in Albuquerque today, to tour the Paseo I-25 Interchange Reconstruction Project. We also announced $8 million in Federal Land Access Program funds for transportation improvements leading to the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge in the South Valley. Investments in public transit, roads, and alternative forms of transportation help increase economic development and tourism opportunities.
North Dakota will receive more than $23 million in federal funding to help the state’s low-income families, Native American tribes, and seniors heat their homes during the coming winter months. It’s no secret that North Dakota winters can be brutal, and these funds are essential because they will help prevent families from being forced to choose between heat for their homes or food on the kitchen table. For more information about eligibility and applications, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1kVqakw
A new app created by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement will help keep folks informed about child predators in your area through alerts, providing an easy channel of communication to share information and news updates about arrests and prosecutions. This is a great tool to help make sure our children and families are safe.
During this National Energy Awareness Month, let's remember the incredible progress Nevada has made on clean energy. We won't rest on our accomplishments, though. I'll keep fighting for better and greater advancements.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2LWtUy3m98
“LIHEAP provides an indispensable lifeline for low-income families and seniors in New Hampshire during the cold winter months, and we are pleased HHS has acted quickly,” Shaheen and Ayotte said about today’s release of more than $23 million for LIHEAP in New Hampshire. “October marks the start of the home heating season, and this preliminary release of funds will help protect Granite Staters who need assistance from being forced to choose between paying to heat their homes or for necessities like food and medicine.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1w9iWN3
A new report shows just how much money is being spent on the upcoming election to influence people’s votes and protect big money’s interests.  Click below to learn more and SHARE this post to spread the word and help me improve our campaign finance system
I was excited to spend some time this morning with Tim Harris, the owner of Tim's Place in Albuquerque.  I really appreciated Tim taking me around and introducing me to his customers.  We spent some time talking about his business, and I'm very impressed by his dedication and commitment to his business and the community.  The chicken & rice soup and Caesar's salad were both excellent, but the highlight of the day had to be Tim's hospitality!
