Today I toured Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where I released a new report detailing the most common and harmful errors at our nation's hospitals and what facilities like UCLA Medical Center are doing to prevent them.  Every year, between 210,000 and 440,000 Americans die as a result of preventable errors in hospitals, such as hospital-acquired infections, adverse drug reactions, patient falls and bedsores - numbers equivalent to a jumbo jet crashing every day with no survivors. Research has also found that the direct costs of medical errors total $19.5 billion annually and that the economic costs of medical errors, including lost productivity, could be as much as $1 trillion a year.   Read the report: http://www.boxer.senate.gov/en/press/releases/042514.cfm  
Delaware’s Bayshore is one of our state’s most valuable resources, and I’m glad these two $1 million grants from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will help allow us to preserve the area for years to come. http://1.usa.gov/1pxXa4G 
Happy Arbor Day! Delaware is blessed with beautiful parks and forests, so even if you can’t plant a tree yourself today, let’s be sure to do our part to keep our saplings going strong.
Western Pennsylvania has always been a region that creates its own future. Taking the lead on this ambitious commercial space travel initiative is only fitting. The fact that a company in our region is under consideration for this project is an indication of how high our tech industry has risen over the last decades. I’m hopeful that NASA will select Astrobotic Technology so #Pittsburgh can lead the way in this exciting endeavor.
Happy #ArborDay! PA is home to the tallest tree in the northeast http://bit.ly/1iiKARJ, learn more about planting and caring for trees - http://www.arborday.org/arborday/
Joined by officials from Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) and mass transit advocates from across Southeastern Pennsylvania, I'm pushing to renew an expired tax credit that has allowed Philadelphia region commuters to save nearly $1,000 annually on their taxes since 2009.
NA
Senator Joe Donnelly responded to the Department of Defense (DoD) release of a report today on suicides in the military in 2012.  DoD is using an updated method of tracking suicides and, with this new method, determined that 319 active component servicemembers, 73 selected reserve servicemembers, and 130 National Guard members committed suicide in 2012.  That is a total of 522 servicemembers who took their own lives in 2012.   Donnelly said, “Any servicemember lost to suicide is one too many.  These statistics are staggering and warrant a strong response.  While there is no one way to prevent suicide, we need to start focusing on consistent mental health screening across the branches because many servicemembers are not being reached outside of the deployment cycle.  The Guard and Reserve and those who are serving here at home must have access to mental health screening and resources.”   Read more here. 
The grand opening of the new and improved Raton VA clinic is an example of a true community effort. I’m honored to play a role in its completion. We must be unwavering in our commitment to our veterans who have been promised more than just words of gratitude for their sacrifice, we owe them -- without delay -- the best care and benefits our country has to offer.
Spaceport America
The U.S. Department of Justice announced the launch of a $3 million special initiative to support local communities fight crime in western North Dakota and on MHA Nation. Since day one in the Senate, I have pushed to reauthorize and improve the Violence Against Women Act because I have seen how critical it is for women across North Dakota, especially on Tribal lands and it is great news that this initiative will be used to beef up the resources of VAWA programs in North Dakota. 
Prescription drug abuse has torn apart too many lives, families and communities across the state and all of us need to do our part to help put an end to it. Remember to participate in National Drug Take-Back Day on Saturday by bringing expired or left over medicine to one of the locations across the state to can help reduce access to prescription drugs and push back on the growing problem of prescription drug abuse in North Dakota. 
I’m honored Cindy McCain invited me to participate in the McCain Institute’s annual Sedona Forum where we’ll discuss with world leaders, philanthropists, and the business community our efforts to combat human trafficking, which includes both sex and labor trafficking. We can’t solve this problem overnight, but by shining a bright light on the growth of human trafficking in North Dakota, the U.S., and around the world, we can help reduce it. 
Thanks to the hard work and leadership of our Secretary of State, Denise Merrill, Connecticut has same day registration, online registration, and she's championed legislation to get a constitutional amendment allowing early voting on the ballot this year. That's why Republicans are so focused on defeating her this November. Help her qualify for public financing with a $5 contribution today:  http://www.chrismurphy.com/denise
Claire will appear on CBS' Face The Nation this Sunday, April 27 to talk about her efforts to curb sexual assaults on college campuses, as well as other news of the day.   The show airs at different times in different television markets, so please check local listings for the air time in your market, here: http://www.cbsnews.com/face-the-nation/local-listings/
I sat down with WPRI.com's Ted Nesi and Tim White today to tape Newsmakers. Click below to see our discussion:  http://wpri.com/2014/04/25/newsmakers-42514-u-s-senator-jack-reed/
I was glad to join the Center for Southeast Asians in RI for their New Year event in Providence this afternoon.  CSEARI is doing great work to promote and improve family engagement, child literacy, and early childhood education in our state.
Raising the Armenian flag in North Providence this morning in honor and remembrance of survivors and those who were killed in the 1915 #ArmenianGenocide.
NA
Good news for eastern Montana: the U.S. Department of Justice has just announced $3 million in grant funding to support survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault in the Bakken. http://1.usa.gov/PBc4WQ
We've got deep agricultural roots in New Mexico, and I'm working with our farmers and ranchers to help encourage a new generation to carry on the traditions and maintain our farming industry. That's why I helped champion the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program in the most recent Farm Bill. Our state has a high percentage of farm operators over age 65. This program will help young farmers and ranchers establish themselves, and build operations on a sturdy foundation that will prepare them for future growth.   I'm pleased to announce grant funding is available for New Mexico organizations and people aiming to start farming or who have been farming or ranching for 10 years or less. Click below to learn more, and share it with others who may be interested in this great opportunity.
New Mexico has taken strong steps in fighting the prescription drug abuse epidemic, but we must keep it up. This Saturday, I hope you'll take advantage of National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day - a free and anonymous opportunity to get unused or expired prescriptions out of our medicine cabinets, off the streets and out of the hands of our children. Flushing them in the toilet or throwing them in the trash can contaminate our land and water supply, so it's especially important that we dispose of them safely.   To find the drop-off site nearest you, visit the website below, call 1-800-882-9539 for more information, and share it with others to spread the word in your community. Sites will be added daily.
Today my climate road trip brought me through North Florida, where coastal cities face many of the same urgent threats from climate change as Rhode Island communities do. Thanks to Senator Bill Nelson and Congresswoman Corrine Brown for welcoming me to their state. Senator Nelson is one of our nation's strongest voices on the need to act on climate change and I was honored to stand with him today.
