With fairs and parades from Goshen to Haddam Neck, and Bridgewater to Newtown, it was a pleasure this weekend to see so many Connecticut residents out enjoying our beautiful state. It was also a reminder of the hard work that so many men and women contribute to our communities. Labor Day is an important time to honor the working people of this country. Thank you, all. -RB
It wasn't long ago that I sat in Dr. Williams office at Delaware State University and we discussed launching an Early High College High school where students could earn 30 to 60 college credits before they graduate from high school. I was so happy to help announce the start of this high school in Dover today.
An overdue honor for a remarkable man.
Great tour of Knauf Insulation, where they are doing impressive work, in Shelbyville this afternoon. -Joe
Meeting with the staff of Decatur County Memorial Hospital to talk about rural health care.
Good to be in Brookville this morning to visit Hautau Tube Cutoff Systems.
If you missed it, I appeared on NBC’s Meet The Press on Sunday to discuss ISIL and the situation in Ukraine. 
Are you or someone you know interested in learning more about service academies? Come to the Raymond J. Bohn Armory in Bismarck on September 3 from 6 – 7:30 pm to meet with representatives from the Air Force, Naval and Military Academies and with Service Academy Coordinators from all of North Dakota’s congressional delegation, including my office, and get your questions answered.
Today I slammed the U.S. Postal Service for going back on its promise to keep more hours of operation at rural post offices across North Dakota. I called on USPS to reverse its destructive decision and launched a new petition, as part of my Fix My Mail initiative, for North Dakotas to join together and express their outrage while pressuring the Postal Service to change its new plan. How can we trust anything the Postal Service says when it promises one thing and does another? Through my Fix My Mail campaign, I’ve heard terrible stories from North Dakotans all across the state about serious problems with mail delivery and service. That must change, and we need our post offices to be fully operational to help make that possible.
Had a great day at the Newtown Labor Day parade and events in Willimantic and Columbia. Happy Labor Day to everyone in CT!
If the federal minimum wage had kept up with inflation since 1968, it would be worth about $10.56 per hour today. #RaiseTheWage
I am pleased to help welcome Condor Airlines to TF Green Airport (PVD) starting next summer.  This new international service will give Rhode Island travelers a direct, affordable connection to Frankfurt and Europe. And it should help make Rhode Island a more popular destination for European tourists and businesses looking to expand to our shores.    As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I have helped direct an estimated $110 million federal investment to upgrade TF Green, which is key to helping attract new business, jobs, and tourism to Rhode Island.
Beautiful day for the parade today in Brooklyn!
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after reports indicate that American journalist Steven Sotloff, a graduate of Kimball Union Academy in New Hampshire, was murdered by ISIL terrorists:  "The brutal murder of Steven Sotloff by ISIL militants is yet another abhorrent act of terrorism and a tragedy for those who knew and loved Steven. Steven was an innocent journalist whose life was horrifically taken in another cowardly act of terrorism that sadly emphasizes the growing threat of ISIL to the region, Americans abroad and the world. ISIL must be stopped, and we must use every tool at our disposal, short of introducing ground forces in combat roles, to put an end to the threat they pose to our national security."
Labor Day in Butte and Missoula
