I join the millions of Americans sickened and grieving after this weekend’s senseless murder of two members of the #NYPD. Law enforcement officers put their lives on the line daily to defend the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. The attack on Officers #Ramos and #Liu was a heinous attack on two brave public servants and the rule of law. My thoughts and prayers are with the Ramos and Liu families, the entire City of #NewYork, and all law enforcement who serve honorably to protect our communities.
Great to meet Kate and her parents, Megan and Ken. So glad that they are among those who will directly benefit from the #ABLEact!
In Allentown, discussing the next steps for #ABLEact implementation and how it will impact PA families.
From the Indy Star: "Donnelly ended the 2014 session with a significant first-term legislative victory. It’s significant because it could help a lot of people and because of what it symbolizes."   Read more in "Tully: Sen. Joe Donnelly - Indiana's Man in the Middle"  http://www.indystar.com/story/opinion/columnists/matthew-tully/2014/12/22/tully-sen-joe-donnelly-indianas-man-middle/20760559/
ICYMI: Joe was on Morning Joe to discuss the #SextonAct and how it will help prevent military suicide. #EndSuicide   http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/watch/life-after-war-375874627878
My reason #4 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Most of the “reindeer” are locals.
My reason #5 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: You can choose between skiing powder in Taos or tanning on powdered gypsum at White Sands.
Check out this piece on KXMB-TV about moderates in the U.S. Senate. I'm proud to be one of them.
"When Missouri voters sent me to the U.S. Senate, I promised to wage a fight to make their federal government more transparent and more accountable to them ... That fight has seen some big successes, including a ban on earmarks — funding for politicians' pet projects based on politics instead of merits. And sometimes that fight has been a lonely one ... But as we saw this past weekend, the fight for a more transparent and accountable government still has a way to go." - Claire.   Read the full column in the Springfield News-Leader.
It is a great privilege to recommend 36 of West Virginia’s brightest young men and women to the U.S. service academies. All of our students worked hard to earn these nominations and are determined to serve our country. I join all West Virginians in congratulating these hardworking and dedicated students, because a nomination to one of our elite service academies will develop these young men and women to become our next generation of military leaders.  To view a list of students I am recommending, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=df5878d3-0fc5-4a65-a7e0-aa014bc9aa19
I spoke at Hofstra University yesterday and made the following comments about the tragic murder of two brave NYPD police officers this weekend:  “It’s a sad moment in New York history. I think it’s only appropriate to pay our respects to the families of the two great police officers who lost their lives in a brutal, despicable murder.  They were murdered simply because of who they were: New York police officers who protected us and defended us greatly, as our men and women in blue throughout the New York-area always do, risking their lives to keep us safe. We mourn them, we pray for their families, and we pledge to do everything, everything that we can to make certain that this never, ever happens again.”
“Wishing everyone in New Hampshire and across the country a very happy holiday season!”  -JS
This holiday season, we remind all veterans – especially those suffering with the unseen wounds of war – that this nation will live up to the promises we made when they entered the service. Take a #selfie with a veteran to remind them that we will always honor their sacrifice. #NoVetAlone
