Student loan debt in the U.S. exceeds credit card debt at almost $1.2 trillion. This debt keeps young Americans from buying a home, saving for retirement or even starting a family – hurting our entire economy in the process. If you are a student struggling with your student loan payments and would benefit from the ability to refinance your loans at the current lower market rate, I would appreciate hearing from you about how a #fairshot would affect you personally. 
After today's live stream ended, Senator Warren and I walked to vote and continued to discuss how we could help relieve students of their overwhelming debts.  Our conversations about this and other issues don't just happen in front of television cameras or during live streams: we're committed to helping current borrowers refinance their loans, and we'll do everything we can to give every American a #FairShot at success.  If you missed the discussion today, you can watch it here: http://j.mp/1tFJt0f
Don’t forget: TODAY at 3:30pm, join Senators Blumenthal, Warren, and Baldwin to get your big questions answered about student loan refinancing, and how it can help you.   Sign up here: http://j.mp/1nIzZUo
#MD crabcakes need your vote to take down buffalo wings in Roll Call's annual Taste of America Contest.This round ends Friday, vote and share to show your #MDPride
June 4 marks a painful history for many within #China and around the world. The images of #Tiananmen Square on that day, 25 years ago, are seared into our memory.  We hope the tragedy of the events can be the foundation for an accounting of and discussion of the past and modern-day reforms that will ensure that these events are never repeated. A quarter century later, it is disappointing that more progress has not been made and that individuals associated with the events continue to face harassment and imprisonment.  On this important anniversary, we must continue to voice our concerns on restrictions and abuses against freedom of speech, internet freedom, freedom of association, and persecution of religious and ethnic minorities in China.
NA
Good news for users of the Charm City Circulator, the Baltimore City Department of Transportation has received an $854,130 grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation to fund the Charm City Circulator Harbor Connector water taxi service. This grant will allow for the continued operation of the state-of-the-art, all-electric water taxi and high-powered smart charging infrastructure.  Prioritizing public transit is good for Baltimore. It keeps our cities moving safely and efficiently, fueling economic growth and reducing pollution. This grant for the Charm City Circulator represents a smart federal investment in continuing this Chesapeake Bay friendly transit for Baltimoreans and our visitors
Yesterday I met with  students, faculty and administrators at the College of Southern Maryland  to discuss the growing cost of higher education. Student loan debt has ballooned to roughly $1 trillion, a sum larger than the amount of credit card debt held by Americans. At the same time, prices at public four-year institutions have risen more rapidly from 2012-13 than over either of the two preceding decades. All Marylanders – all Americans – deserve a fair shot at pursuing their dreams and succeeding in a field of their choice. We want more of our students to be able to attend outstanding colleges like the College of Southern Maryland. But our students are drowning in college loan debt. In Maryland, more than half of graduating students are borrowing to pay for their education. Nationwide, almost one-third of all undergraduate students rely on subsidized, federal Stafford loans. The fact that the United States Government is making money off of these already overburdened students is shameful. The federal government is earning an estimated $66 billion in profits from student loans originated between 2007 and 2012. This was never congressional intent, and it makes absolutely no sense.
NA
Today I met with folks from Children's Advocacy Centers of North Dakota to talk about the importance of early childhood education, my bill to create a Commission on Native Children, and my efforts to combat the growing problem of human trafficking in North Dakota.
Discussed the importance of improving pay at Minot Air Force Base and workable solutions to help employees keep up the growing cost of living with the Department of Defense Deputy Assistant Secretary Hinkle-Bowles.
The Pautre Wildfire was completely preventable. I appreciate the head of the U.S. Forest Service visiting Dickinson, but I’m now hearing reports from ranchers that the U.S. Forest Service may attempt to deny fault for the fire in order to limit compensation for damages which totaled $10 million. If true, this is unacceptable and I’ll keep working to make sure the Forest Service bears responsibility, steps up to the plate, and fully reimburses ranchers for the damages it caused. 
NA
Senator Patrick Leahy Tuesday held a hearing titled “Examining a Constitutional Amendment to Restore Democracy to the American People.” The hearing’s focus was on a constitutional amendment to respond to the Supreme Court’s decisions regarding campaign finance and money in politics. It marked the first time that the Majority and Minority leaders in the Senate testified before the Judiciary Committee to speak on a policy matter.
A year ago today, New Jersey & our nation lost a dedicated public servant.   Frank Lautenberg was our tenacious Senator & our image of what it means to live, learn, earn, and then give something back will forever be reflected in his name.  I miss you Frank; thank you for your faithful service.
TODAY: Polls are open in New Jersey for the primary elections.  As always, I encourage you to take some time to vote & play a role in our democracy.
Senator Manchin traveled throughout Israel to meet with Israeli officials and reaffirm the importance of our critical alliance between the United States and Israel. Senator Manchin met with senior government officials, toured Holy Sites and met with business and energy leaders. He was accompanied by Rabbi Victor Urecki, who has served as rabbi and spiritual leader of B’nai Jacob Synagogue in Charleston, West Virginia since 1986.
ICYMI: This morning, I was pleased to join the folks at Morning Joe  for a discussion on the EPA's new proposed carbon emissions rules.
Yesterday's USS Illinois keel laying ceremony with First Lady Michelle Obama and Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus was a great tribute to the men and women of the US Navy and Rhode Island's defense industry.  See photos from the event:
If money equals free speech, how could working Americans afford to make their voices heard? Most Americans can't compete with billionaires.  What bothers me most is the notion that money gives the Koch brothers or corporations a greater voice in government than American voters.  We face a simple choice: We can argue forever about which side's billionaires are right – or, we can work together to get this shady money out of our democracy.
Yes, it costs money to take care of vets. And it's money well spent!  If we can spend money to send them to war, let's care for them at home too. 
Student loan debt is soaring. Tell Congress to give working families a #fairshot to afford college! http://democrats.senate.gov/studentdebtclock/
Schaffers Tavern of Staten Island could be the best German restaurant in NY. Had great brats, kraut & potato pancakes just last week.
This plan is not only going to protect our shoreline and our marsh area, but it's going to add a dimension of recreation and aesthetic improvement for residents. It's a win-win project that demonstrates how working with the state and federal governments really can build smarter and better.
We must restore public trust in our government by “Closing the Revolving Door” to ban lawmakers from lobbying Congress. http://1.usa.gov/1otU25a
This morning, there will be an important hearing on my constitutional amendment to reform our nation's broken campaign finance system. With the recent actions by the U.S. Supreme Court, and the unprecedented amount of money in politics today, it's crystal clear we need to get money out and return our elections back to the people.   My amendment is simple: it will restore authority to the American people, through Congress and the states, to regulate campaign finance, and it would enable them to pass reforms that withstand constitutional challenges. If we don't act, wealthy individuals with unlimited cash will continue to drown out the voices of regular voters. Like this post and share it with others if you agree, we need to pass my amendment to ensure our government is of, by and for the people - not bought and paid for by secret donors and special interests.
The EPA’s Clean Power Plan is a powerful step in the fight to protect our health and environment, and to tackle the climate crisis. Watch my remarks on the Senate floor: 
Tune in at 3:30pm EDT for a live chat on my student loan refinancing bill. I’ll be answering your questions with Senator Tammy Baldwin and Senator Richard Blumenthal. Every kid deserves a fair shot at affording college. RSVP: http://bit.ly/1kmVcRK
