To our state’s workforce & their families - thank you for all you do to strengthen our #MadeinWI economy. Happy #LaborDay! - TB
Happy Labor Day to you! Today we celebrate the workers who made our economy the strongest in the world and we pledge to support them in keeping us there.
As Pennsylvanians enjoy this #LaborDay let us not forget the contributions made by working men and women to the country’s prosperity and to improving the rights and benefits workers.  While much progress had been made since Labor Day became a national holiday in 1894, much work remains to protect the rights of workers, boost their economic security and put more Americans back to work.
On this Labor Day, let us pay tribute to the hard working men and women across the country who are the cornerstones of our economy and the building blocks of our middle class. I am committed to ensuring working families have a fair shot to get ahead, including raising the minimum wage. When our workforce in New Mexico and around the nation succeed, we all thrive. I wish you and your family a happy and safe holiday.
Thank you to all the North Dakotans, who day in and day out work hard to provide a roof over their family, put meals on the table, and are helping grow our state’s economy. I appreciate all that they do, and will continue to fight to make sure they have fair shot to succeed. Happy Labor Day.
On this Labor Day, I encourage all West Virginians to take a moment in between picnics, parades and time with family and friends to reflect on the true reason for this annual celebration—our dedicated American workforce.  It is so important not just today, but every day, for us to pay tribute to the hardworking men and women across West Virginia and America whose strength, vision and drive have been the bedrock of this great country. Our labor workers represent the heart of America, taking pride in their work and always going the extra mile to do the job right. So on behalf all West Virginians, I want to express my utmost gratitude to our workers for supporting our communities, keeping our country running every day, and contributing immeasurably to America’s economic prosperity.  To learn more about the history of this annual American celebration, please click here: http://www.dol.gov/laborday/history.htm
Senator Shaheen released the following statement celebrating Labor Day:   "Today I'm proud to recognize the working men and women whose hard work and dedication are the backbone of our economy and middle-class. As families and friends gather for barbeques and parades this Labor Day, I hope people across New Hampshire will join me to celebrate the contributions our workers have made to our country."
No matter the business, no matter the era, we respect those who put in an honest day’s work.  As Montanans, we put special stock in the men and women who labor tirelessly to provide for their families and strengthen their communities.  As your senior Senator, I’ll keep working to make sure Montanans enjoy what so many have fought for: fair wages, quality health care, first-rate schools, and our right to organize and bargain.  Montana and this country are strong because of our workers, and together we will ensure America remains the greatest country on Earth.   Have a safe and happy Labor Day.
