Yesterday, I announced the Ammunition Background Check Act of 2013. Ammunition sales should be subject to the same legal requirements as firearm sales – instant background checks using the FBI’s national database. There is no rational reason why a person can walk into a store, fill their shopping cart with hundreds of rounds of ammo, pay up, and walk out without so much as giving their name. This proposal would close this ludicrous loophole. 
 
 Share if you think we need a sensible solution to gun violence in America.
 
 Learn more about my proposed bill here: http://blumenthal.senate.gov/ammunition-background-check-act-of-2013
Great view this morning.
On Monday I joined Gov. Jack Markell and Delaware Economic Development Director Alan Levin at Burke Equipment to help owners Mark and CeCe Babbitt celebrate their Delmar location's one year anniversary. What a great customer-oriented, family business!
NA
Chris visited the University of Delaware STAR Campus on Tuesday to get a firsthand look at an exciting venture between UD and NRG Energy, where they are developing electric vehicle batteries that are tapped for their stored power and can be used during peak power usage times.
2012 was the hottest year on record in the contiguous United States. Climate change is real and Congress must act.
NA
http://bismarcktribune.com/news/local/heitkamp-responds-to-attack-ads/article_a036c128-59e3-11e2-89e8-001a4bcf887a.html
Today I spoke at the opening session of the Maryland General Assembly on behalf of Maryland's Congressional Delegation.
 
 Team Maryland is on your side in every county & every community, working to protect the day to day needs of all Marylanders. The next 90 days in the State House will be our rendezvous with destiny.
Congratulations to Joplin Superintendent of Schools C.J. Huff for being one of only four finalists for National Superintendent of the Year by the American Association of School Administrators. Claire met with Huff (second on the right) when he visited Washington last spring and has commented that “no one deserves this award and the recognition more than C.J.”
In case you missed the hint to last night’s Jeopardy question on Rhode Island, here is the video:
NA
Senator Shaheen announced today that New Hampshire's Pease Air National Guard base has been selected as one of only five National Guard bases being considered to receive the KC46A, a next generation military tanker. This is exciting news for the Pease base and for New Hampshire.
It's great to be back in New Mexico, where I'm touring small businesses to learn best practices in keeping our economy moving forward. Today's visit to Caterpillar CleanAIR Systems, Inc. is a reminder that we can create jobs and help the environment at the same time, which the Santa Fe community knows how to do very well.
Over the years, federal agencies have been instructed to expend considerable staff time and other resources producing thousands of reports,  yet we never look back to see if these reporting requirements might be outdated, duplicative, or even relevant. If these reports are sitting on a shelf collecting dust, then it’s time for them to go. Congress should take every opportunity to create a more effective and efficient government, and the elimination of these outdated reports is one step in that direction.
