Today I met with University of California, Los Angeles Chancellor Gene Block to discuss the harmful effects of sequestration on education and research.
We're seeing a lot of new things on factory floors that you wouldn't have seen in your father or grandfather's factory – TB.
Higher ed partnerships with business community are vital for growing economy. Read about Tammy's visit to Western Technical College.
Tonight I took to the Senate Floor to condemn House Bill H.R. 1797 and its war on women. It's another example of legislation that feigns concern for women's health when actually it would endanger the lives and well-being of women across this great country.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiY1q-iSfiE
Today, I chaired a hearing of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation on improving passenger and freight rail safety – a hearing I requested in light of recent train accidents in Connecticut and Maryland. During the hearing, the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) confirmed that the May 15 inspection report of the MTA Metro-North Railroad shows that there were safety issues on the track prior to the derailment in Bridgeport, and I emphasized the need for MTA to adopt shunt technology – a $200 device that could have likely saved the life of the Metro-North track foreman Robert Luden who died in a train accident near West Haven.  Watch some of the hearing here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQu94Wmb5NM
Tune in LIVE at 10AM as I chair my first Commerce Committee hearing where we'll be discussing rail safety, accidents like those in Bridgeport and Baltimore, and what we must do to improve our rail safety and infrastructure. Tune in LIVE here: http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/live
Ben- Had the pleasure of meeting Ben Simon of Food Recovery Network yesterday. You all are doing great work, congrats. 
Yesterday Ben Simon of the Food Recovery Network came by the office. Founded at University of Maryland, FRN is fighting hunger in America using common sense and collaboration. After seeing how much food was being wasted at universities across the country, as well as the amazing need that exists for food- the FRN found their calling. By recovering perfectly good food that would have otherwise been wasted they are providing those in need with quality meals. I’m proud that FRN was founded here in Maryland and I am proud that it has expanded to 23 other campuses. Hunger in America is a serious problem but there are many things we can all do to make sure no one goes to bed hungry.  Look at their website for more on the great working being done nationwide http://www.foodrecoverynetwork.org/about-us/our-work/
Today, we celebrate the 148th anniversary of Juneteenth, the oldest national celebration commemorating the end of slavery in the United States.  Juneteenth -- or June 19th -- is the day in 1865 when Union soldiers enforced the Emancipation Proclamation and freed all remaining slaves in Texas.    While we have closed the door on this painful chapter of our nation’s history, we cannot allow ourselves to forget.  We owe it to those who endured the brutal institution of slavery – including 100,000 people in Maryland -- and to those who dedicated their lives to ending it.    Today, our children study about Marylanders like Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass, both former slaves who became leaders in the abolition movement. As we celebrate Juneteeth, we remain committed to our nation’s ideals of liberty, equality, and justice.
Today, Congress welcomed a new addition to the U.S. Capitol, a statue of the abolitionist Frederick Douglass. This gift was presented by the residents of the District of Columbia and represents the first statue that DC has contributed to the Capitol building. Despite having 600,000 residents, DC has been denied basic representation in Congress. This fall, I plan to chair a hearing in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on my bill to give DC statehood.
Paying for college is a major burden for families and students, and Congress shouldn't add to that by allowing the interest rate on student loans to double. Congress should come together around a bipartisan solution to prevent student loan rates from doubling which would prevent a significant challenge for families and hurt the economy. With ten days to go, it’s critical that Congress take immediate steps to protect families and students.
Today, Senator Donnelly joined Senator Susan Collins to introduce the Forty Hours is Full Time Act. Starting in 2014, the Affordable Care Act would require employers with more than 50 full-time employees to provide their full-time employees with basic-level health insurance or face a penalty. Under the law, full-time is defined as 30 hours per week.  Many Hoosiers, like many Americans, think 40 hours per week is full-time. Because of the 30 hour definition, some businesses, local governments, and school districts have chosen to cut their part-time employees’ hours so they are no longer considered “full time.” That’s why Joe and Sen. Collins introduced legislation to say #40isfulltime.
In case you missed it: Senator Donnelly joined Senator Susan Collins to introduce the Forty Hours is Full Time Act. #40isfulltime
Today, Joe will join Senator Susan Collins for a press conference to propose changes to the #AffordableCareAct. Learn more by clicking here.
During our visit to the prison, we were briefed on the Department of Defense policies regarding forced-feedings and I remain concerned that these policies are out of step with international norms, medical ethics and practices of the U.S. Bureau of Prisons.
I support the president’s call to renew negotiations with Russia to reduce deployed strategic nuclear weapons by one-third, from 1,550 to around 1,000.
Immigration reform is good for our economy: the Congressional Budget Office finds it would reduce budget deficits by $197 billion over the next decade, $700 billion in the second decade.
Looking forward to being on The Julia Goldberg Morning Show this morning at 8:30 a.m. MT to discuss immigration reform and other topics. Tune in live! The Voice of Santa Fe KVSF 101.5
Today I discussed provisions of the Farm Bill with members of the Independent Beef Association of North Dakota (I-BAND). The Farm Bill that I helped shape as a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee recently passed the Senate by a strong bipartisan vote of 66 to 27. The bill reauthorizes key livestock disaster programs important to ranchers in North Dakota. #NorthDakota #FarmBill #Cattlemen
Today, NDSU President Dean Bresciani presented me with a North Dakota State Football helmet to display in my office. Thank you to President Bresciani and the 2012 championship team! #NorthDakotaPride #NDSU
Yesterday I met with Anjali Lall and Maneesh Apte, U.S. Presidential Scholar recipients who recently graduated from Davies High School in Fargo, ND. The United States Presidential Scholar Program annually awards up to 141 high school graduates nationwide, honoring students who demonstrate exceptional academic achievement. Congratulations Anjali and Maneesh!
Interested in applying to a military service academy or know a student who is? Learn more about the application:
Just launched the #Senate Defense Communities Caucus with Senator Isakson. North Dakota Defense Communities have unique needs. Our communities take immense pride in their military installations and their servicemembers. These communities work hand in glove with their bases to develop partnerships that benefit our states in countless ways. They provide crucial support and stability to our servicemembers, all while raising their families, educating their children and working to grow their local economies.
I’m proud to join 28 of my colleagues in the Senate to co-sponsor legislation that recognizes today as Juneteenth Independence Day. It is fitting that the statue of Frederick Douglass, a true American hero, was unveiled this morning in Emancipation Hall. It’s critical we raise awareness of this significant day in American history.
WASHINGTON – (WEDNESDAY, June 19) Senator Patrick Leahy, in the United States Capitol on Tuesday, had the honor of presenting Vermont World War II veteran Glen Goodall with two medals commemorating his service.  The 94-year-old Mr. Goodall and Patrick Leahy have known each other since Leahy was a youngster, growing up in Montpelier. 
 
 The two medals are the State of Vermont Veteran’s Medal and a campaign service medal.
 
 Mr. Goodall has never been able to visit the Nation’s Capital before and plans on seeing the World War II Memorial, the Korean War Memorial and other landmarks.  He now lives in Williamstown, Vt., where he is a neighbor of renowned sculptor and creator of the Korean War Memorial, Frank Gaylord.  During World War II, Mr. Goodall served in the South Pacific.  He was recently awarded a ceremonial key to the City of Montpelier, and Mayor John Hollar also proclaimed a day in his honor.
Good news! An independent report from the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) says immigration reform will strengthen our economy.  CBO’s numbers negate any reasonable argument the opponents of this legislation have. Check out my full Senate Floor speech about the economic impact of reform: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfHJk3Zspfw
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 1 - Wetzel  Fact: Gas well drilled in Town of Hundred in 1886 is still producing today.  Recommendation: Go across the Fish Creek Covered Bridge, the last remaining covered bridge in the county.
Genaro, who came to the U.S. years ago from Mexico and married an American woman, is one of 11 million people in America without proper documentation. Last night, the Congressional Budget Office issued a report that made it clear: passing immigration reform will boost our economy, and let hard-working immigrants like Genaro stay in the U.S. with their loved ones — their U.S. Children, siblings and spouses. The time is now:
Americans who live in D.C. finally have a statue representing them here in the U.S. Capitol. It is of  Frederick Douglass -- an unflinching voice for freedom, an unyielding advocate for justice — who championed the cause of D.C. statehood.  Like him, I believe the District and its 600,000+ residents deserve statehood. Take a look at these photos from today's ceremony, and find my speech on its significance here: http://1.usa.gov/1bWh5Oo
Wonderful group from New York, DC and across the country gathered today in Emancipation Hall, to honor Frederick Douglass and celebrate the remarkable legacy of a statesman, an abolitionist, a brilliant self-taught writer, and a man who never stopped fighting for emancipation, equality, and for the dignity of every American.    Thanks to the Congressional Black Caucus for the great photo.
Keeping up with Small Business Week, Senator Shaheen brought New Hampshire small businesses and policymakers together for the 3rd Annual New Hampshire Business Day Luncheon. #SmallBizWeek
Max the Moose has arrived and I'm looking forward to welcoming New Hampshire businesses and organizations to give Washington a chance to #ExperienceNH tonight!
Our amendment provides a smart, targeted improvement to the bipartisan immigration proposal by expanding the ability of qualified entrepreneurs and foreign-born STEM graduates to pursue investments and new jobs here in America. We need to become more competitive in the global race for talent, and this amendment provides additional tools that will help boost America’s competitiveness.
