Tammy is looking forward to shaping an agenda over the next few years that protects middle class families. And how do you do that? Tammys says: "The hallmark needs to be what's fair." See more. http://bit.ly/WKv0ys
Readers and subscribers of Wisconsin Politics named Tammy their "Most Important Politico of the Year (D)." http://bit.ly/U8VDPU
My office is hosting a series of workshops across the state for businesses looking to ship their goods and services abroad. Although there are federal resources available to support businesses looking to expand internationally, navigating the process can be daunting. These sessions will help explain that process in greater detail and provide expert advice on international exports and patent protection. For more information or to RSVP, visit: http://www.bennet.senate.gov/beyondcolorado
Today is United in Orange Friday! Show your support for Peyton Manning and the Broncos before tomorrow's game against the Ravens by making this your cover photo.
NA
Next week, Senator Donnelly will visit 18 communities across Indiana as part of his “I Work for You” tour. Joe wants to listen to you and hear your ideas so he can bring Hoosier common sense to Washington. “Share” this message with your friends and tell them to “Like” Joe for standing with hard-working Hoosiers.
Sorry to hear that my good friend Senator Jay Rockefeller—a great senator for West Virginia—will retire at the end of his term.  He will be missed.
Senator Heitkamp is working hard to get state offices up and running as quickly as possible. Office locations are:  Bismarck Office: 228 Federal Building 220 East Rosser Avenue Bismarck, ND 58501 (701) 258-4648  Grand Forks Office: 33S. 3rd St., Suite B  Grand Forks, ND 58201 (701) 775-9601  Fargo Office: 306 Federal Building  657 Second Avenue North Fargo, ND 58102 (701) 232-8030  Minot Office: 105 Federal Building 100  First Street SW Minot, ND 58701 (701) 852-0703  Dickinson Office: Coming soon.  Washington, DC Office: G-55 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington, DC 20510 (202) 224-2043
Trafficking is an affront to human dignity and a generator of human suffering that we cannot ignore.
Meeting with one of my younger constituents at my Polk County Town Hall in Dallas.
Gayle and I join all West Virginians in thanking Senator Rockefeller for representing our state for more than 40 years – whether it was as a state legislator, Secretary of State, our Governor or as a member of the United States Senate. We wish him, his wife Sharon and their family only the best in their future endeavors, and I know that Jay will continue to make a difference in the lives of others.
U.S. Senator Jack Reed recently travelled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to get a firsthand look at security and political developments in the region and their impact on America’s national security. During the trip, Reed met with high-ranking foreign leaders, diplomats, and American military commanders, civilian personnel, as well as service members from Rhode Island who are currently serving overseas.
Senator Shaheen will be appearing on WMUR-TV's Close-Up this Sunday morning at 10 a.m. Tune in!
U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen posthumously honored George Giotas, a World War II veteran and Manchester native, at a military medals ceremony yesterday. Shaheen presented the Giotas family with six awards to honor Mr. Giotas for his service to the United States. The awards included the Good Conduct Medal, American Campaign Medal, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, WWII Victory Medal, Honorable Service Lapel Button and Marksmanship Badge with Carbine Bar. Mr. Giotas worked as an automotive mechanic and earned the ranking of Corporal while serving in Italy and Greece from 1942 to 1944.
Montana veterans received welcome news today after my veterans transportation bill became law.  Click here to learn more.
I had a great time speaking with students at Mt. Pleasant High School's Law and Society Class today. Talking with Rhode Island's future leaders about the issues affecting our state and our country is something I cherish. Special thanks to their teacher, Mr. George McFadden, for inviting me.
“We ended up with something that avoided the worst consequences of the fiscal cliff, but candidly didn’t get the job done," Senator Warner said. "My hope would be that rather than waiting until the eleventh and a half hour [to get a deal], that there could be a more bipartisan effort coming out of the center that could actually get a hearing on the floor of the Senate or the House.”  (staff)
Warner said the bill would "show to the federal workforce that we're not just simply trying to be additive, that we're actually trying to eliminate some of the outdated and some cases repetitive, ridiculous requirements we, as Congress, have put before folks." (staff)
