ICYMI: Tammy made stops along the Mississippi River as part of her freshwater coast tour earlier this week. Read more about the tour, her commitment to restoring and protecting Wisconsin’s freshwater resources, as well her support of investments that will strengthen the state’s environment and economic security, via WXOW: 
How 'bout them O's! Baltimore Orioles have a six game lead in the AL East for the 1st time since 9/15/1997. Yankees come to #Birdland next week.
August 18th is the first of our Veterans Job Fairs this month. Join us in Milford from 10 am-2 pm. More info about the location and the employers that will be in attendance available on my website. http://1.usa.gov/1rF1Mos
Sometimes dining in can't be beaten.
Today I brought U.S. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz to the Hess Corporation Tioga Gas Plant to see that North Dakota’s energy companies aren’t just developing oil, gas, coal, wind, and biofuels, we’re also making worthwhile investments, improving efficiency, and making these technologies better every day. Hess is one of those companies as its recent expansion at the Tioga plant should reduce flaring at Hess’s Bakken operations by 5-10 percent – a worthy investment. http://1.usa.gov/1muAonN
Following the meeting in Bismarck, I brought U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to Dakota Gasification in Beulah to see the one-of-a-kind clean coal facility. It's essential that we develop an energy strategy that is realistic and takes into account that coal provides 80 percent of North Dakota's electricity.  We need pragmatic solutions, like my clean coal technology bill, to incentivize companies to develop clean coal technology and put it to use. Earlier this summer, I invited Secretary Moniz to participate in a discussion in Washington about incentivizing the use of clean coal technologies and about my bill. Today's visit to Dakota Gasification continues that discussion.
New York's summer concerts aren't just for millenials - stars are playing at #JonesBeach & @LincolnCenter from my generation too #NYCconcerts
Happy birthday to New Mexico's own Smokey Bear. Thanks for 70 great years of preventing wildfires alongside our brave firefighters.
