The struggle of middle-class families in #WI should not be disregarded in Washington. Like and share if you stand with Tammy.
As we begin the push to fix our broken immigration system, I'd like to hear your story so I can bring a Colorado perspective to Washington. We're collecting videos and written stories from around Colorado. Just go to my website at http://www.bennet.senate.gov/americanstories and submit a YouTube video telling your American immigration story. I believe the narratives of how we came here matter. They tell us who we are and who we’ve been. But they matter just as much for who we are going to be as a nation.
On Tuesday, I joined National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Association, Guttmacher Institute, ACLU Nationwide and other advocates to celebrate the 48th Anniversary of the Griswold v. Connecticut decision. Here's a recap of the event!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dDU6eFKqkQ&feature=youtu.be
The Supreme Court’s historic decision in Griswold v. Connecticut recognizing a fundamental right to privacy profoundly expanded a woman’s access to birth control. Forty-eight years later, legal access to contraception has helped enable women to seek higher education and join the workforce in record numbers. Since Griswold, the Supreme Court has firmly established a woman’s right to privacy in accessing contraception and I believe the current Court must continue to recognize and protect this right. Whatever the legal issues at stake, access to emergency contraceptives and other forms of birth control is, at its core, a human issue that intimately affects the lives of women and their families.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and John @Boozman (R-AR), have taken the lead on sending a bipartisan letter to President Obama urging his Administration to make a strong commitment to tackling malnutrition at the June 8, 2013 Nutrition for Growth Summit.     “Too many children in the U.S. and around the world go to bed without knowing where or when their next meal may come. Nutrition is vital to cognitive development and individual’ productivity within societies and the U.S. must continue to leverage its global leadership on nutrition and food security,” said Senator Cardin.  “Malnutrition accounts for one-third of all child deaths and is something that is simply and cheaply prevented. It is in our national security and economic security to work to ensure this happens.”     “We have the safest, most reliable and affordable food supply in the world, but hunger has no boundaries. Unfortunately there are children in our country who go to bed hungry every night. The same stories play out all over the globe.  Investments in nutrition that focus on the first thousand days, from pregnancy to age two, not only saves lives, but also contribute directly to other development outcomes, including improved economic growth. Taking steps to address malnutrition and food security will make a real impact in the future success of these children,” Senator Boozman said.     In addition to Senators Cardin and Boozman, the letter signed by Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Tim Kaine (D-VA), Sherrod Brown (D-OH), Thad Cochran (R-MS), Susan Collins (R-ME), Dick Durbin (D-IL), Diane Feinstein (D-CA), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Johnny Isakson (R-GA), Carl Levin (D-MI), Barbara A. Mikulski (D-MD), Patty Murray (D-WA), Roger Wicker (R-MS), Ron Wyden (D-OR), and Marco Rubio (R-FL) asks the President to use this G8 opportunity to leverage U.S. leadership on nutrition and food security.     The full text of the letter can be found here:     President Barack Obama  The White House  1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW  Washington, DC 20500     Dear President Obama:     As members of Congress committed to reducing hunger, advancing food security and improving global health, we urge your administration to maintain the strong U.S. commitment at the Nutrition for Growth summit being convened by the UK Government on June 8, 2013 in London.  This event presents a key opportunity for the U.S. to continue to demonstrate its leadership on nutrition.     Malnutrition remains one of the world’s most pressing but preventable problems.  Globally, nearly 200 million children are chronically malnourished and suffer from serious, often irreversible, physical and cognitive damage.  For 2.5 million young children every year, malnutrition is a death sentence.     While the human and economic costs of under-nutrition are enormous, the solutions are basic, proven, and cost-effective.  Nutrition programs – especially those that target women and children during the critical 1,000 day window from pregnancy to age two – offer one of the best returns on investment.  Every $1 invested in nutrition generates as much as $138 in better health and increased productivity. In contrast, malnutrition can cost individuals up to 10 percent of their lifetime earnings and countries up to 11 percent of their annual GDP in lost productivity.     We capitalize on other international development investments when we address nutrition.  An undernourished child has a diminished capacity to learn and work, therefore, malnourishment puts at risk the potential for continued progress in education, health, and economic growth around the world.     On June 8th, global leaders – from donor and developing countries, foundations, civil society and the private sector – will gather at the Nutrition for Growth summit in advance of the G8 Summit to commit to tackling malnutrition.  This is a unique opportunity to leverage U.S. leadership on these issues and we urge your administration to seize this opportunity by:     1.      Pledging support for plans in poor countries to strengthen and expand nutrition interventions;  2.      Developing a whole-of-government nutrition strategy to coordinate and align U.S. nutrition efforts; and  3.      Committing to transparency and accountability by reporting and tracking U.S. investments in nutrition across programs and accounts.     The U.S. has a strong, bipartisan history of supporting international nutrition and food security efforts. Such interventions strengthen our national security and the security of our allies. We urge you to make the most of this opportunity by continuing the tradition of U.S. leadership to fight malnutrition.     Sincerely,     Benjamin L. Cardin  John Boozman  Richard Blumenthal  Tim Kaine  Sherrod Brown  Thad Cochran  Susan Collins  Dick Durbin  Diane Feinstein  Kirsten Gillibrand  Johnny Isakson  Carl Levin  Barbara A. Mikulski  Patty Murray  Roger Wicker  Ron Wyden  Marco Rubio        CC:  The Honorable John Kerry, Secretary of State  The Honorable Rajiv Shah, USAID Administrator  The Honorable Tom Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture
NA
NA
Just back from Guantanamo with Senator McCain and White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough.
I firmly believe this is the right thing to do for the more than 7 million Californians who live within 50 miles of San Onofre.
Met Dr. Stephen Moran at the Mission of Mercy free dental clinic in Bport. 900+ people received care they need today
Checking out future plans for the Stratford Army Engine Plant facility with Mayor Harkins. Stopping by as part of my 169 in 169 tour
Stopped in New Canaan on my 169 in 169 tour - got to check out the town's first drug store w the historical society
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 13 - Wyoming  Fact: This county, which is the heart of West Virginia’s southern coal and natural gas producing region, is also the birthplace of current Los Angeles Lakers coach, Mike D’Antoni.   Recommendation: Twin Falls State Park is the perfect destination for outdoor, adventure seekers and shows off some of West Virginia’s most beautiful golf courses. http://bit.ly/1avgAu4
On August 13, I'll be co-hosting the Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas. Nevada is the ideal location to host this summit because our state is a leader in developing wind, solar and geothermal resources. I look forward to continuing to make progress on clean energy and hope you can join us. http://www.cleanenergysummit.org/
