NA
Every 4th of July we celebrate the values and traditions that make America extraordinary.  Independence Day is a powerful reminder that we are all one nation with a shared belief in the strength of our democracy. As many of us celebrate our nation today with loved ones, we remember the brave men and women overseas who are fighting to protect the gifts of freedom, justice and equality that define our country.
Happy July 4th Pennsylvania, the birthplace of freedom. Let us honor our troops for protecting the greatest nation on earth.
From the founding of our great country to today, we have a lot to be proud of and thankful for as a nation. Happy Independence Day. -Joe
Today, we gather with family and friends to celebrate the birth of our nation and the anniversary of the Declaration of Independence. Indeed, July 4th is the day that marks not only our nation's fight for freedom, but also celebrates the freedom of Americans to live in a land of opportunity where we can work to make our dreams come true and where each of us is guaranteed the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Let us honor our modern day heroes who guarantee these rights--our brave women and men in uniform serving in our armed forces at home and around the world. As we celebrate, I ask New Mexicans to join me in keeping those heroes and their families in our thoughts and prayers. I wish you and your family a happy and safe Fourth of July.
Enjoying this Independence Day with family on the Missouri River. Thanks to all those who have served to protect our freedom. #thankful
Happy 4th of July! Honored to spend the day visiting Virginia troops in Afghanistan.
Happy 4th of July everyone!   Superstorm Sandy couldn't bring us down! Today we reopen Liberty Island & Lady Liberty stands as proud as ever.   It's a great day for perseverance!
“#IndependenceDay offers an opportunity each year to take stock of the many blessings we have in #America—foremost, our hard-fought freedoms. It’s a chance for us to honor those who’ve served throughout our nation’s history, and who continue to serve today, putting their lives on the line to defend our way of life and keep our families safe. And it’s a time for us to renew our commitment, to do our part, to continue to build a more perfect union. Today, I join all Missourians, and folks across the country, in paying tribute to this grand democracy, that continues to provide a beacon of #liberty to nations across the globe.” -Claire
Today is a wonderful time to gather with family and friends, to thank those who have sacrificed for our country, and to reflect on the freedoms we are granted as Americans. Happy Fourth of July!
My family and I are moved by the overwhelming support and condolences for my cousin Randy Udall. He was an extraordinary person who touched so many lives with his spirit, his intelligence and his example. His death is a tremendous loss, and we will miss him more than I can express. There was no one like him.  Randy and I were especially close. We shared a love of the mountains and a passion for the wonders of the West, particularly the Wind River Mountains where we hiked and fished together nearly every summer for three decades. He died doing what he loved, and that is a blessing.
Proud to take part in the 228th Bristol 4th of July Parade, the oldest in the nation! This is a wonderful RI tradition and I thank everyone who came out today to help us celebrate America's independence. Happy 4th!
I'll be attending two must-see Rhode Island events tomorrow – Bristol's 4th of July Parade and the annual Ancients and Horribles Parade in Chepachet. What will you and your family be doing tomorrow?
Fantastic July 4th story of military service and pride: eager to help display this POW-made USA flag in Virginia. 
