The current trade negotiations with the European Union threaten not only the names of common state products, but also key drivers of our Wisconsin economy. -TB
Read how Tammy is fighting to protect Wisconsin brats, beer, and cheese from an European Union trade initiative seeking to change the names of products Wisconsinites enjoy everyday.
Wishing you a Chag Sameach on this the start of the Passover holiday. Whether you are taking part in your own celebration or not, the greater meaning behind this holiday can certainly resonate with all of us: to do our part to protect others from injustices, and to give a voice to those who have none.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the shooting in Kansas City yesterday. It’s heartbreaking that acts of violence like these continue to occur throughout our nation in what are otherwise peaceful and tight-knit communities. As your Senator, I will continue to work to ensure that we all can feel safe through every aspect of our daily lives: in our religious institutions, our community centers, our military bases, walking through our neighborhoods, and dropping our kids off at school.
I was deeply saddened to hear about the tragic shooting in Kansas. The hate that motivated this act of violence flies in the face of everything we believe as Americans.  We have made so much progress against prejudice and intolerance in this nation, but this senseless killing illustrates just how far we still have to go.  Anti-Semitism has no place in our society, and I urge all Americans to stand with the people of Overland Park.  My prayers are with the victims’ families at this difficult time.
In #Baltimore meeting with members of the #MD #Ukrainian community about the ongoing situation in #Ukraine.
Provisions in the Farm Bill are already helping to support local Delaware farmers and are providing delicious, healthy lunches to students in the First State. I had a great time visiting North Laurel Elementary to learn what the kids think. One word- “yum!”
It was great being a part of Lewes’ Historical Society awards and having the opportunity to honor Mayor Ford for the service he’s provided our state for the past 20 years.
Senator Donnelly was on campus at Purdue today to discuss ways he and the Military Family Research Institute at Purdue are working together to ease the transition of military servicemembers into civilian life.
Joe enjoyed a great lunch at Judge’s BBQ in Indianapolis today. He’s pictured here with owner Judge Smith.
Senators Donnelly and Coats today announced the process for candidates interested in the upcoming vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana. Judge Sarah Evans Barker recently announced her intention to take senior status effective June 30, 2014. To apply, interested candidates should visit www.donnelly.senate.gov/judge and be prepared to submit an application highlighting their qualifications for the position and reason for seeking nomination to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana. Applications are due no later than 5 PM EDT on Monday, May 12, 2014. 
While in Mexico with Senator Klobuchar and Cindy McCain, we sat down with Sergio Alcocer, the Undersecretary Foreign Minister for North America to discuss ways we can work together to better combat human trafficking.
Met with Mexican officials to discuss human trafficking and pave the way toward finding solutions to combat this devastating crime.
Human trafficking affects families all across the country, and all around the globe. I had a productive meeting with U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Anthony Wayne and Mexico's Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam about what they have already done to address human trafficking, and how we can start to combat this serious crime.
Check out this Associated Press article about how I'm pushing for a true all-of-the-above energy strategy. 
Human trafficking is a grave problem both abroad and in our own backyard. My trip to Mexico with Senator Klobuchar and Cindy McCain will enable us to learn about the actions Mexico is taking to stop these horrific crimes, and help us as we work to address them in North Dakota and around the nation. Senator Klobuchar and I already have a bill that would make it easier for victims of sex trafficking to come forward and offer them a path toward a normal life. 
Passover starts tonight. It's a remarkable and meaningful commemoration of God's protection of an oppressed and enslaved Jewish people in Egypt thousands of years ago. All over the world, people will sit down to a Seder meal and recount the story of bondage to freedom that describes Jewish history, but also offers hope to all peoples and to all individuals. Anne and I will participate in a neighborhood Seder that we've attended for nearly 20 years.  The joy of Passover -- like the joy of Easter Week-- is not unalloyed happiness.  During this season, we confront hard realities of slavery, oppression, sin, betrayal and death. We were reminded of these painful realities yesterday with the horrific shootings in Kansas. The Jewish Community Center is about a mile from my parents' home and I've often been there when visiting my family in Kansas City. It's a place open to all for education, family events, exercise and fellowship.   That an anti-Semitic individual would choose this place in this season to strike out and kill others is deeply tragic. But, this week reminds us that hatred is overcome by love, that slavery is followed by freedom and death by resurrection. I will pray for the victims and their families during dinner tonight and also pray that our society will do all we can to rid ourselves of hatred and violence.
When I was growing up, my dad worked with his hands to make ends meet, first as a millwright at a timber mill in Southern Oregon and then as a mechanic in Portland.  Although we were never rich, his hard work was enough to provide for our family. On the wages he earned, my parents bought a three-bedroom ranch house, kept food on the table, and even put aside some money to help me become the first in our family to go to college.  In the decades since, it’s become increasingly hard for working parents to provide for their families’ basic necessities. There are many factors that have contributed to tougher times and shrinking paychecks for working Americans, but the declining federal minimum wage is a significant one.  In the coming weeks, the U.S. Senate will take up the Fair Minimum Wage Act, legislation I’m leading to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour and index it to inflation.   Congress should act to ensure that America's minimum wage rewards the millions of families that depend on it.
Great study by Mayor Byron Brown and Buffalo Niagara Partnership further highlights need to extend and expand Historic Rehab Tax Credit:
NA
Threw out the first pitch for Lindenhurst Little League yesterday - they're off to a great season!
Wishing a Happy Passover to all who are celebrating!
On the eve of tax day, Senator Shaheen reiterated her strong opposition to Internet sales tax legislation that would force New Hampshire, and other non-sales tax states, to collect sales tax for online sales.   “As people all across the country complete the annual task of filing their tax returns, Washington ought to be considering ways to cut red tape and bureaucratic obstacles,” Shaheen said. “Online sales tax legislation would impose new and unnecessary burdens on New Hampshire small businesses, at no benefit to Granite Staters or our economy, and I will continue fighting to make sure the online sales tax bill never becomes law.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1gWTXkQ  
I was honored to host a roundtable discussion on improving child wellbeing in New Mexico with leaders on the ground who go to bat every day for our children and families. We all share the frustration that progress has not been made, but we are committed to ending the cycle of poverty. After today's discussion we're ready to roll up our sleeves and redouble our efforts to address the problems we face.
 Today I look forward to hosting an important discussion in Albuquerque on improving child wellbeing in our state. Children have to be a priority for all of us – at every level, and that’s why I’m bringing together many community partners like the United Way of Central New Mexico New Mexico Voices for Children and YDI to help examine what steps can be taken at the federal level to help lift children and families out of the cycle of poverty. I look forward to getting their insights, and will continue working to provide smart investments and solutions for our families.
To create jobs, we need to develop new businesses and promote existing ones.  Our economy will thrive if innovative Rhode Island businesses can bring their products to new markets.  That’s why we have to connect companies like those in our composites industry with the ideas and resources that allow them to grow.  Thanks to all those who joined me today to promote this important sector of the Rhode Island economy.
