The horrific kidnapping of Nigeria’s school girls underscores the need for Congress to pass the International Violence Against Women Act (IVAWA) I introduced today with a bipartisan group of colleagues #BringBackOurGirls
It's been one month since the Senate passed legislation to renew unemployment insurance. 514,000 Californians are waiting for Speaker John Boehner and House Republicans to #RenewUI.
It’s unimaginable that more than 270 young girls in Nigeria are now being sold as slaves simply because they strived for an education. My staff and I stand with these girls and their families. #BringBackOurGirls -RB
#TBT: the day I announced I was running for Attorney General—June 28th, 1989. That day was the beginning of a long but incredibly rewarding journey. More than 20 years later, I’m honored to still be working for the great state of Connecticut.
Had the pleasure of addressing members of the National Dental Association today.   Good oral health has proven to be essential to general health and well-being. It is critical that individuals with unmet dental needs within the U.S. health care system obtain timely and cost-effective treatment. It will save lives. It will save money.  Both the Children’s Health Insurance Program and the Affordable Care Act have made great strides toward getting American children access to needed coverage.  But still too many needs are unmet.
Year one of the Chip Kelly-era went great, and now we’re just a few hours from the start of year two with tonight’s first round of the NFL Draft! Who do you want to see the Eagles select?
NA
I am honored the American Red Cross has chosen me as its Community Resilience Champion. In the last several years, powerful storms have hit Delaware and the East Coast, reminding us that it’s never too early to prepare our homes, businesses and communities for these terrible events.  I will continue my efforts to help spread the word and educate citizens to become better prepared for emergencies and life-threatening situations, and to encourage the folks who can, to volunteer.
The Delaware River watershed contains $149 billion in annual wages and provides drinking water to 16 million people.  That’s why Chris Coons and I, along with 5 other Senate colleagues, introduced a bill to create a program that strengthens the economic and environmental health of this vital resource.   
We're talking about how federal agencies acquire, implement and manage IT this morning. Join us live!
Spoke with Jim Koch of Samuel Adams and Bill Covaleski of Victory Beer about the need to pass the #SmallBREWAct http://instagram.com/p/nvli9WmCGO/
Great article about Moscow PA native Sara Wolff and her efforts to help #passtheABLEact
Please share! We've got more than 70 employers hiring for more than 800 open positions coming to our May 19th job fair in Rehoboth Beach.
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Beth from Smyrna about the importance of BEACH Act grants for water quality monitoring in Delaware.
#TBT to 2011 when Senator Mike Enzi (R-WY), Senator Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and I discussed #efairness bill. The House should act in 2014 to pass this bill.
Joe was happy to meet with Karen Moyer this afternoon to discuss all the great work of The Moyer Foundation on behalf of kids everywhere. To learn more about The Moyer Foundation click the link below.
School choice is vital and charter schools are a big part of that—join me in recognizing National Charter Schools Week!
Bringing the Lucas Museum to San Francisco would be great for the City—a boon for art, education and tourism.
Today I met with Major General Jack Weinstein, the commander responsible for leading our nation’s Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) force, to talk about the importance of ICBMs and how critical they are to our military. Our servicemembers – including those at Minot Air Force Base – have shown time and time again that they perform a duty that can’t be replaced. I will keep pushing to maintain critical support and resources for military personnel and our ICBM force. http://1.usa.gov/1m34OzP
As a mother of two children, it absolutely pains me to know the heinous criminal acts committed by the terrorist group Boko Haram in Nigeria. Girls as young as 12 years old have been kidnapped and forcibly sold into slavery and possibly marriages –simply because they wanted an education. I joined the 19 other Senate women to condemn these actions and pressed for international cooperation to impose additional sanctions against the terrorist organization. #BringBackOurGirls http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=35bfaf5b-40bb-40fc-84fd-8d840e983329
Today, I introduced legislation to extend the Special Immigrant Visa program for civilians who served alongside Americans in Afghanistan. Thousands of Afghans who risked their lives serving as interpreters for servicemembers from Virginia and assisting other U.S. troops and non-governmental organizations would have the chance to relocate to the United States and escape the constant threats of danger they continue to face. Last November, I was proud to welcome Afghan interpreter Janis Shinwari and his family to their new home in Virginia after his Special Immigrant Visa was granted. It’s my hope that we can give more brave Afghans like the Shinwaris a chance at a fresh start in a safe place.
Senator Leahy is delighted to welcome more than 55 Vermont companies to the Nation's Capital for the Ninth Annual Taste of Vermont this evening. The event is an opportunity for Vermont businesses to showcase all of the high quality products and services that Vermont has to offer.
I think we need more consumer protections for air travelers – not less! That’s why I introduced the “Real Transparency in Airfares Act.”  While others in Congress are trying to make pricing more deceptive, I want customers to see full airfare costs upfront & think industry violators deserve a hefty penalty.  Click here to learn more & become a citizen co-sponsor of my bill: http://menendez.senate.gov/airfares-act
It's been 24 days since terrorists abducted more than 200 girls in Nigeria – it’s time to #BringBackOurGirls! This week I led a bipartisan letter to President Obama with all 20 Senate women condemning this atrocity and urging stronger international sanctions against Boko Haram thugs.  I'm outraged & horrified that these young women have been kidnapped, sold into slavery, had their education curtailed & may have been forced into marriage. The Senate women stand united in condemning this reprehensible crime.
Yesterday it was announced that a new fleet of Presidential helicopters will be made at Sikorsky. For decades, their iconic white top helicopters have served the President as Marine One, and this new fleet will continue to make Connecticut proud. I couldn't be more thrilled for the Sikorsky team - I'll continue fighting for you. http://www.nhregister.com/business/20140507/sikorsky-lands-marine-one-contract
NA
Joined Rep. Xavier Becerra, Rep. Diana DeGette, Rep. Donna Edwards, Rep. Matt Cartwright yesterday to send a message to House GOP: #ACAworks. Stop political repeal game. Their obsession with stripping health benefits from Americans is dangerous for families and it has to stop.
Happy Birthday President Truman!   What better way to wish Harry Truman a happy birthday than a bipartisan initiative with Senator Roy Blunt to ensure his legacy lives on for generations. Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1kRvf7Q
Did you know that West Virginia's delicious pepperoni roll won first place overall for best state food in America last year? Well, it's time to defend our title. The 2014 Taste of America contest is underway, and I encourage you all to help the Mountaineer snack advance to the second round.   Vote here: http://bit.ly/1jlLf5F 
ICYMI: This morning I was honored to introduce Sylvia Mathews Burwell, a native of Hinton, West Virginia, during her nomination hearing to be the next Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).   Here is the video from this morning's hearing:
As an early Mother's Day tribute, here is a Throwback Thursday photo of Mom and me from 2008.
Watch live as I introduce WV native Sylvia Mathews Burwell at HELP committee: http://1.usa.gov/1mFFnqZ 
Thoughts are with the kidnapped young women in Nigeria and their families. #BringBackOurGirls
I spoke with Andrea Mitchell Reports today about serious issues at the VA. Some are already calling for VA Secretary Shinseki to resign, even before we have an investigation. While finding a scapegoat may be politically convenient, it’s irresponsible. That’s why I’m holding a hearing next week to get to the bottom of this. http://on.msnbc.com/1kSQRR4
