Nurses are on the front lines of healthcare in the United States. In our schools, hospitals, homes and almost everywhere else, nurses work every day and every night to provide Americans with top quality healthcare. In their all their diverse roles- nurses are pivotal in keeping America healthy in every sense of the word. Their dedication, compassion and talents deserve our deepest thanks. During this #NursesWeek and every week we should be thankful and proud of America’s nurses.   Many Thanks,
Ukraine’s Leadership of the OSCE- Chaired by Senator Cardin Wednesday, May 8, 2013  2:00 pm    Scheduled to testify: His Excellency Leonid Kozhara, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine and Chair-in-Office of the OSCE Ukraine’s Foreign Minister, Leonid Kozhara, will testify before the U.S. Helsinki Commission in his capacity as Chairman-in-Office of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). The hearing takes place one-third of the way through Ukraine’s 2013 chairmanship of the 57-country OSCE, an organization based in Vienna Austria, and best known for its work in promoting democracy, human rights and the rule of law. Minister Kozhara is expected to discuss the Chairmanship’s priorities and provide insights regarding the ongoing work of the OSCE. Ukraine’s Chairmanship faces formidable tasks in leading an organization that operates on the basis of consensus and includes countries ranging from democracies to dictatorships.  The Ukrainian Chairmanship’s priorities include finding new ways to address protracted regional conflicts, energy security, and human dimension issues such as human trafficking, media freedom, tolerance, democratic elections and efforts to improve implementation of commitments regarding fundamental human rights and freedoms.   OSCE Parliamentary Assembly                                                                              ### Hearing will be streamed live here at 2PM EST http://www.senate.gov/isvp/?type=live&comm=srs&filename=csce050813
Witness intimidation is a cowardly crime that has a chilling effect on the work of our region’s law enforcement. This legislation will give law enforcement and prosecutors additional tools to combat witness intimidation. I’m hopeful we’ll get a bipartisan consensus to pass this legislation this year.
Senator Coons sat down with Bill Gates this week at the Senator's office in Washington. During the meeting, they talked about global health and college access.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), Chairman of the Senate’s Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, spoke today about the critical role Scott Air Force Base has played in ongoing military actions around the globe at a hearing on the Air Force’s FY2014 budget request today.
In a hearing examining the Air Force’s fiscal year 2014 Budget, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), Chairman of the Senate’s Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, raised concerns about the amount of Defense Department Tuition Assistance funding going to for-profit colleges that often deliver questionable outcomes.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), Chairman of the Senate's Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, expressed his deep skepticism of the base closure commission process at a hearing on the Air Force's FY2014 budget request today, and called on the Air Force to share an accounting of the net savings from past base closures.
Joe led members of the Indiana delegation in inviting the Secretaries of Defense, Homeland Security, and State to observe the largest annual homeland security exercise, taking place this summer at Muscatatuck Urban Training Center in Butlerville, Indiana.
Like this photo. This morning, Senator Donnelly visited World War II veterans as they made their Honor Flight to Washington. Since 2005, the Honor Flight network has helped many World War II veterans visit the memorial in Washington, D.C. For more information on Honor Flight and how you can volunteer for this program, please visit their website at www.honorflight.org.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Subaru announced a $400 million investment to build the Impreza small car at its Lafayette factory, adding an estimated 900 jobs by 2016.
Discrimination is unacceptable and has no place in the workplace. The LGBT community in New Mexico and across the country shouldn’t fear harassment at work, or risk losing their jobs simply because of who they are or who they love. I was a proud cosponsor of EDNA in the House, and I will continue to support it in the United States Senate.
My visit to Santa Teresa included a tour of the Port of Entry to discuss economic opportunities and a briefing with U.S Border Patrol. I also had the opportunity to meet with members of the Border Industrial Association.
My visit to White Sands Missile Range (WSMR) allowed me to meet some of our country’s brave servicewomen and men. I toured Cox Range Control Center and the 2nd Engineer Battalion Headquarters. I also had a helicopter tour of test facilities, and met with WSMR tenants to learn more about their missions and economic impact on New Mexico.
My visit to NMSU included a tour of its biofuel facility, Algae Cultivation Testbed, and a briefing on their latest science, engineering, and economic development programs.  As the only engineer in the senate, I am a strong advocate for STEM education and training.  During my visit, I also sat down with KRWG’s Fred Martino and discussed my trip to southern New Mexico.
My visit to WIPP included an underground tour, briefing, and updates of WIPP’s mission to provide safe transportation and disposal of defense-related transuranic waste.
This federal $ will play an important role in Minot, North Dakota’s cleanup and redevelopment efforts.
At Small Biz hearing abt strengthening female minority businesses. I discussed challenges facing Native biz owners.
Thank you for your service to North Dakota and our country.  I will not forget.
I was honored to join members of the Virginia delegation to present Congressional Badges of Bravery to 7 heroic DEA agents from Virginia, including Special Agent Joe Piersante who sustained a severe head injury in 2011 under Taliban gunfire and survived because of the bravery of his team members.
I was pleased to welcome Republic of Korea President Park Geun-hye to Congress this morning. Her visit came at an important moment, as we face continued challenges from North Korea. And, as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I stand firm in my commitment to the 60-year alliance between our countries.
 
 I made an official statement about her visit this morning, you can read it here: http://1.usa.gov/144dStT
Happy Birthday President Truman! Today we celebrate the birthday of one of our country’s finest presidents, and one of Missouri’s most cherished leaders.
Check out today’s St. Louis Post-Dispatch, which highlights Claire’s tough questioning yesterday of Air Force leaders about assaults in the military. The same day, a report from the Pentagon estimated 26,000 people in the military were sexually assaulted last year, an increase of 7,000 from 2011. That translates to more than 70 sexual assaults daily at U.S. military installations around the world.
 
 Read the full article: http://bit.ly/16hq8LE
 You can also watch highlights of her questioning here: http://bit.ly/ZHC3eB
Almost every family has a story of a nurse who was there to help during a difficult time. Nurses are the hands, feet, and – most importantly – the heart of our health care system. They expertly administer tests and medication. They keep hospitals and clinics moving. And they provide empathy and comfort to their patients. Happy National Nurses Week!
Today Senators Boozman, Moran, Tester and I have introduced The Servicemembers Choice in Transition Act of 2013 to make sure that when our brave veterans separate from the military, they are aware of the educational opportunities, counseling programs and benefits they have earned and deserve.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16h9Oe5
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 43 –  Upshur County  Fact: Home to the West Virginia State Wildlife Center. If you go, make sure to say hi to French Creek Freddie!  Recommendation: Next month, make a stop at the West Virginia Strawberry Festival, held in Buckhannon.   http://www.wvstrawberryfestival.com/
It's been 46 days since the Senate passed its budget. Under regular order, which the Republicans have repeatedly called for, we should be proceeding to a budget conference with the House of Representatives. But Republicans are obstructing us from doing so.
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
NA
Just a few short weeks after its introduction, the energy efficiency and job creation strategy created by Senator Shaheen and Senator Rob Portman today passed the Senate Committee on Energy by a bipartisan vote of 19-3. 
 
 “At a time when bipartisan agreement is unfortunately hard to come by, it is clear that energy efficiency is one area where we can all find common ground. With energy efficiency, we have the cleanest, fastest, and most cost-efficient way to strengthen our economy and create American jobs, while also addressing our nation’s energy challenges," said Shaheen and Portman.
 
 Read more: http://1.usa.gov/143T4CB
Had a chance to meet Her Excellency Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea, after her address to a Joint Meeting of Congress.
Senator Warner led an effort on the Senate floor today calling on Republican colleagues to allow budget negotiations to begin with the U.S. House of Representatives. Senator Warner, a member of the Budget Committee and a leader since 2010 in bipartisan efforts to reach a compromise on meaningful deficit and debt reduction, reminded his colleagues that the Senate passed its budget resolution 46 days ago. Since then, however, Republican senators repeatedly have blocked efforts to name budget conferees to sit down and work to resolve the differences between the Senate and House budget resolutions. (staff)
The biggest banks in the country – the ones that wrecked our economy and cost millions of Americans their jobs – pay next to nothing on their debt, while students pay nine times as much. If those interest rates are good enough for banks, they’re good enough for students.
Today I introduced my first bill, the Bank on Students Loan Fairness Act. Students help us build a strong economy & middle class. They should get the same loan rate as big banks. Watch my speech on the Senate floor here:
