The National Football League and Commissioner Roger Goodell just responded to my calls – along with other Senate women – for a real zero tolerance policy for domestic violence in the NFL. You can read the letters and my response below.
The San Gabriel Mountains are one of California's crown jewels and I applaud the President's plan to protect this spectacular area. The next step is to ensure this area has the resources it needs to provide a world-class experience for visitors.
I had the honor of hosting a retirement presentation for 1st SGT Dufresne of the Connecticut National Guard. Due to circumstances beyond his control, 1SG Dufresne was not given a formal retirement presentation, so my office worked with the National Guard to get his awards and materials.  Today I presented him with the Meritorious Service Medal, the Armed Forces Reserve Medal, the Connecticut Medal of Merit, the Connecticut Longtime Service Medal, and a framed Unit Guidon.  1SG Dufresne heroically served in our armed services for over 20 years—he deployed for Operation Joint Endeavor and Operation Enduring Freedom. He was awarded two Bronze Stars and a Purple Heart.  Thank you, 1SG Dufresne for your service.
Proud to earn a perfect score from the Human Rights Campaign. I will continue protect and advance the rights of #LGBT Americans. This has been a watershed year for LGBT equality in America. We've made great progress but I refuse to be satisfied.
***Watch Live***  Today at 930AM, I will open a one-day forum on the future of public health advocacy at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in #Baltimore.   The forum’s primary purpose will be to explore this relationship and especially understand how #publichealth research affects policy and what mechanisms yield engagement and impact.  Looking forward to being joined by Michael Klag – Dean, Johns #Hopkins #Bloomberg School of Public #Health and Mark Suzman – President of Global Policy & Advocacy,of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.   #JHSPHAdvocacyForum #Advocacy4Health 
Talk about it! I am during Mental Illness Awareness Week and really all year, along with NAMI Delaware. Join us by sharing this photo!
I’m encouraged by recently announced grants from National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Wildlife Conservation Society, & Doris Duke Charitable Foundation. In total, they provide $28.8 million to help build more resilient communities along our nation’s coasts. I look forward to continuing working with the President to make sure all our communities are more resilient to the changing climate - especially coastal communities like the ones in Delaware that are already at risk.
No longer should our nation's aging and sick coal miners be denied their medical records or decent legal representation. The black lungs claims process is fundamentally broken and my proposal will seek to get it on a better footing.
Joe met with the Rush County Economic Development Corporation yesterday to get an update on business growth and job creation in the area.
Share this #GoodNews: The Indiana State Police are receiving a $567,000 Department of Justice Anti-Methamphetamine Program grant to fight the production and distribution of methamphetamine.  Indiana is one of only 10 states to receive one of these grants.
Stopped by the Wells County Council on Aging this morning to thank Executive Director Bonnie Valind and her staff for all they’re doing to address issues affecting Hoosier seniors.
#throwbackthursday There's never a dull moment when I'm with my family
Met with employees from Canadian Pacific Railway about the agriculture shipment delays across North Dakota, my support for rail workers, and the need for the rail company to get back on track with its shipments. Extreme backlogs have hurt our state’s farmers, unnecessarily costing them time and money. Rail workers, including those from Canadian Pacific, have shown a great deal of commitment through these difficult circumstances to help farmers and address these agriculture shipment delays – but we need those at the top of the company to get on board and make real changes. 
Today Republican Senator John Thune from South Dakota and I led a bipartisan group of 34 senators in expressing our concern to the Administration that federal rules for health care facilities do not reflect the reality of providing care in rural communities. So many North Dakotans live in rural communities, and we need to make sure any health care policies also support them. Such efforts would help make sure seniors, families, veterans, and others can access services they need in their communities, rather than forcing them to travel long distances for care. 
This week in Glen Burnie I was joined by Anne Arundel County Executive Laura Neuman, Anne Arundel County Fire Chief Michael Cox together with local leaders and fire fighters to make a major announcement of $3 million in federal grant funding for critical breathing safety equipment for Anne Arundel first responders.  Every day our first responders put their lives on the line to protect families, homes, businesses and communities. We must protect our protectors with the tools they need.  I was also proud to be recognized as Legislator of the Year by the Congressional Fire Service Institute for my unrelenting fight to support fire fighters.
Thank you Human Rights Campaign! #EqualityForAll
Ensuring that all individuals have protection against domestic violence just makes common sense. That’s why I am a proud cosponsor of the "Violence Against Women Act." Since it first passed in 1994,  domestic violence has been reduced by more than 50 percent through the critical programs it funds. But still, domestic violence remains a terrifying reality. This Domestic Violence Awareness Month, I urge all West Virginians to help raise awareness for the millions of brave survivors and for those who are still suffering.
Congratulations to Wheeling Park High School teacher Gail Adams on being named West Virginia's Teacher of the Year. I know I speak for all West Virginians in thanking Gail for always motivating and challenging our students to reach the highest levels of achievement.   http://www.wtrf.com/story/26741178/wheeling-park-high-school-teacher-chosen-as-west-virginias-teacher-of-the-year
Elections in this country should be run so that every eligible American who wants to vote can cast a ballot that will count, but harsh Voter ID laws are stifling the voices of African Americans and young people who need to be heard. 
Teaming up with Judge Greg Pinski and officials in Cascade County today to announce new resources for the Veterans' Court in Great Falls.  Just like yesterday in Kalispell, this is another great example of Montanans working to support veterans 'on the ground.'
NA
From Rhode Island to Florida, our coastal communities are ground zero for the effects of climate change. Today, I joined Senator Bill Nelson, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, and local climate change leaders to see firsthand what climate change is doing to Florida’s coasts. I spoke with fishermen, local government officials, and business owners who said if we do nothing and sea levels continue to rise, their economy and the environment will suffer. It’s not all bad news, though, and I’m encouraged by stories of local governments working together to act on climate. I’ll keep fighting for action in Washington, so RI’s coastal communities and those elsewhere can thrive.
