More than 220,000 Californians are counting on Congress to do the right thing and #RenewUI
The Senate just voted to confirm Janet Yellen as the next chair of the Federal Reserve. Yellen will be the first female to lead the Bank in its 100-year history, a historic and noteworthy achievement. The Fed is in good hands under her experienced leadership.
Today I voted to extend emergency unemployment benefits for an additional three months for the 1.3 million Americans and 3,600 Delawareans who saw this vital assistance lapse just a few days after Christmas.   At a time when unemployment remains far too high in far too many states, it doesn’t make sense to abruptly end these emergency benefits.
The Senate today did the right thing by moving forward with a bipartisan measure to extend unemployment insurance.  This legislation will provide an essential lifeline to middle class families who rely on the program to stay afloat as they actively seek work.  With the program affecting 73,000 Pennsylvanians currently looking for work, extending it will also provide an essential boost to our state economy.  I am hopeful that the Senate will pass the bill swiftly and that Speaker Boehner will bring it to the floor so it can pass the House. #renewUI
Senator Coons appeared on MSNBC this morning to talk about the Senate's vote to advance legislation he cosponsored to extend vital assistance for jobseekers for three months. 3,600 Delawareans lost their federal unemployment benefits on December 28th. Watch his interview below.
Today I spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the importance of helping struggling families as they look for work.
Last month, Congress failed to extend unemployment insurance for those still trying to find new work. Nearly 82,000 individuals in Illinois and 1.3 million individuals nationwide abruptly lost benefits between Christmas and the New Year. With the unemployment rate at 8.7% in Illinois, and nearly 11 million Americans are unemployed it’s unconscionable for Congress to let unemployment benefits lapse. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to extend a helping hand for struggling families when we vote later this morning.  It is time for Congress to address growing economic disparities and step one should be working together to pass an extension of unemployment insurance to provide a helping hand up to those still trying to recover from the great recession.
Senator Donnelly today announced his 2014 nominations for admittance to the U.S. Military, Naval, Air Force, and Merchant Marine Academies. See the full list at the link below and share this status if someone you know was nominated.   Donnelly said, “It is a great privilege to have the opportunity to nominate these outstanding young Hoosiers to our nation’s service academies. If accepted, these young men and women will receive a top-quality education and will be prepared for successful careers as officers in our military. I want to thank everyone who applied for their desire to serve our country.”
Extending federal unemployment insurance means thousands of hardworking New Mexicans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own have a vital economic lifeline. It's critical that Congress act immediately to extend these benefits for those who need them most. Failing to act will take a toll not only on New Mexicans looking for work, but will also have negative consequences for the broader economy.
Today I met with officials from the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) to talk about the investigation of the train derailment near Casselton last week. I impressed upon the NTSB that the people of North Dakota are expecting a thorough and comprehensive investigation of what happened in Casselton. I also stressed that the NTSB must work collaboratively with other state, local, and federal officials, so a coordinated response can be developed to limit the possibility of accidents like this from happening again. With the increase in crude rail shipments, I’m committed to seeing that policies are in place to make sure the people of my state are safe.
Steep flood insurance rates are financially hurting hardworking families, if they can even still afford to insure against flooding. We should not be subjecting homeowners to outrageous flood insurance bills. I recently heard from a family from Grafton whose flood insurance rate skyrocketed to more than $4,200 a year – a whopping 375 percent increase – in October. That’s unbelievable. The good news is we have a bipartisan bill to fix this, but we need to get it done soon. And we’re fighting to make sure it includes a needed exemption for families that have flood-proofed their basements -- as many families in our state have. North Dakotans have already waited too long for their rates to go down to normal levels. Now Congress needs to act.
Today I voted along with bipartisan Senators to move ahead with debate to restore critical unemployment insurance for 1.3 million Americans - including 23,000 Marylanders.  I’ll continue to fight to restore this important safety net. No one should be redlined or sidelined by their government when they need it most.
Don’t let your New Year’s resolution find you in a scam. Learn more about Claire’s new initiative and tell her your story on her website, here: http://1.usa.gov/KAjok4
Senator Manchin visited Andrews Air Force Base in December to participate in pre-deployment training work-up flights and to see first hand sequestration's impact on Marine Corps units. Marine Corps leadership discussed with Senator Manchin the impacts of sequestration and the road ahead for aviation modernization & recap.
For a list of West Virginia students I have recommended for the U.S. service academies, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1cyvq6D  West Virginia has built a reputation of service and sacrifice, and I'm extremely proud of these students for their commitment to carrying on our state’s tradition. These bright, young leaders have worked hard in the classroom and in the community to earn these nominations, and I'm honored to recommend their talents to the U.S. service academies. I am confident that these young men and women will make our state proud and I wish them the best in their future endeavors.
I hope that all West Virginians are staying safe and warm in these freezing cold temperatures. To find a warming shelter in your town, please click here: http://bit.ly/1fb1vWz
It’s not just coastal states facing flood risks; it's every part of the US that needs us to #FixFlood insurance.
It’s not just coastal states facing flood risks; it's every part of the US that needs us to #FixFlood insurance.
By reforming our broken #immigration system this year, even more Americans with "fresh eyes” will have a chance to become citizens of this nation:
NA
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after an emergency unemployment assistance extension bill cleared a key procedural hurdle in the Senate this morning:  “Emergency unemployment assistance provides a critical lifeline to New Hampshire families who are struggling to make ends meet while people look for jobs.  A failure to extend these benefits would be bad for jobs and our economy, so I hope we can act in a bipartisan fashion – just like we did this morning – as quickly as possible to advance this proposal. We have to extend these benefits on behalf of the families who desperately need this support.”
Senator Schatz today voted to move forward legislation renewing emergency unemployment insurance for the thousands of Hawai‘i families who rely on it.  These unemployment benefits help families still looking for work get by, and the money is pumped right back into our economy, supporting jobs. 
 
 “Today, the Senate took the first important step to restore this program and help families in Hawai‘i.  This was an uphill fight, but we were able to get Republicans to cross the aisle and join us to move this extension forward. For thousands of families here in Hawai‘i, and millions of Americans across the country, unemployment insurance has been the lifeline that’s meant the difference between keeping their heads above water or losing their homes, or seeing their children go hungry.  The long-term unemployment rate today is more than double what it’s been at any other time that Congress has let emergency jobless assistance expire.  Families are struggling, and they need a little help.  Unemployment benefits are pumped right back into are economy, helping to spur growth and creating jobs.  Renewing unemployment insurance is critical for Hawaii families and for our economy.”  – BES
Senator Schatz sat down with Lara Yamada at KITV to talk about some of his legislation that was signed into law by President Obama.  One law will help move forward a memorial to honor Native American veterans. The other will improve the quality of life for service members and their families on bases and decrease congestion.  He also discussed his priorities for the new year, which include renewing unemployment benefits, making college more affordable for Hawai‘i students and families, and doing more to help middle-class families in Hawai‘i.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SLYAiuLyyA
Click SHARE to spread the news: Missoula is fifth among small cities nationwide when it comes to starting new, high-tech businesses.  I’ll keep pushing to help Montana entrepreneurs get their companies off the ground to strengthen our economy and create more jobs.
By a vote of 60-37, the bill to renew unemployment insurance cleared a procedural hurdle in the Senate today. This vote brought us one step closer to extending emergency unemployment benefits for struggling Americans.  Even with the worst of the recession behind us, too many Rhode Islanders have been unable to find work.  Emergency unemployment benefits help families stay in their homes and put food on the table while they search for jobs, and we should make sure these benefits remain available for those who need them.    A final vote on the bill will likely come in the days ahead and we'll need 60 votes to overcome any potential filibusters. Keep raising your voices on this issue and please join me in thanking Senator Reed for leading this fight!
Unemployment insurance isn't something Congress should let fall by the wayside. It's too important to Rhode Island families. I'm proud to be a co-sponsor of Senator Jack Reed's bill to extend unemployment insurance and I look forward to tomorrow's procedural vote on the bill.
