More than three years ago, we had the idea that the country didn’t need one more patent officer in Washington. Instead, we thought they should be in the most innovative communities in America. That was the spirit behind our amendment to the America Invents Act to create satellite patent offices throughout the country. It’s been a long road but today, we officially opened the patent office in Denver. And the location makes sense because Colorado is leading the charge for the country’s innovation economy. Our citizens have discovery and exploration woven into their DNA, and having the office in Colorado will bring innovators closer to the resources they need to succeed.
Share this if you agree: Religious liberty is about the right to practice your religion, not the right to impose your religion on your employees. Congress must act to restore workers' rights to make their own health care decisions.
Today, the Supreme Court said that corporations can decide whether their employees can access birth control. The Court’s decision means that women risk not being able to get the health care that they and their doctors determine is best. It means women could face higher health costs than their male counterparts.    More than 361,000 women in Connecticut currently enjoy the right to insurance coverage of contraception without any additional costs.    Share this if you’re with us. http://j.mp/1jCNZbn
Share if you agree-   "Whether a woman uses contraception should be a private decision not subject to a financial veto by her employer"
With the #HobbyLoby decision, #SCOTUS has put the health of American women at risk while opening the door for private employers who are looking for a reason not to comply with the law. Exempting secular, for-profit corporations from the Affordable Care Act’s contraceptive-coverage requirement is inconsistent with the plain language and legislative intent of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (#RFRA), and undermines the government’s compelling interest in providing women access to preventive health care under the ACA, including contraceptive coverage.  Corporations are not people.Whether or not a woman uses #contraception should be a private decision not subject to a financial veto by her employer. The #ACA guarantees the majority of women coverage for comprehensive preventive health services, including contraception. Imposing additional financial burdens on a woman because her employer claims to hold certain beliefs contrary to the law is harmful and sets a dangerous precedent.
This morning I stopped by the Food Bank of Delaware's Milford Branch to pack lunches that will be distributed later today to children in need. Delawareans can call 211, text the word "food" to 877-877 or go to whyhunger.org/findfood to find free lunches near them.
Today, the Supreme Court created a disturbing new precedent that gives for-profit employers the ability to influence the health care decisions of their female employees. Women’s health care decisions belong between the patient and her doctor, not the patient and her boss. The Supreme Court got it wrong, plain and simple.
Helping more Americans secure their retirement while caring for their parents and raising their children is a significant challenge that will require government, the private sector, educational institutions and non-profits to work together. Thousands of residents in Western Pennsylvania and throughout the country are working harder than ever to make a decent living, squeeze every dollar they can to prepare for a retirement and meet their obligations to their family. Today’s hearing, in particular the personal testimony from Western Pennsylvanians, will play an important role in the policies that Congress and the Administration should examine in the coming months.
I’m very pleased that Philadelphia has been awarded this competitive grant, which has the potential to improve the local economy and help to transform this neighborhood. I weighed in with HUD about Philadelphia’s strong application, and I’m glad they also saw the great opportunity this neighborhood presents for economic growth and job creation.
In Philadelphia this morning to announce that the city has received a $30 million grant from HUD that could transform North Central Philadelphia.
"The days are over when a high school diploma or even a bachelor's degree could set up a worker for life. The world is too competitive for that. Delaware and in fact every state in the country are in battle for high-wage jobs."
Joe helped Jeffboat with a barge launch in Jeffersonville along the Ohio River
Check out my Instagram account to see more pictures from my day in Dickinson that was filled with business, barbers and babies. 
Grand Forks Head Start received nearly $2.5 million in federal funds to continue providing quality, accessible, and affordable early education to North Dakota children. It’s because of affordable programs like Head Start that we can make sure all kids get the education they deserve starting at a young age. A recent study shows if children read at grade level by third grade, they are four times more likely to graduate from high school.
KinderKidz is a great example of the kind of early childhood education all children should have access to. The top-notch work of the care providers here truly make a difference in the lives of these children, and they’re helping to put North Dakota’s kids on the right path forward starting at a young age. Recently, KinderKidz received a $300,00 federal loan to expand its facility to accommodate 45 more children. We need to keep investing in our kids, and the recent funds to help expand the number of children at KinderKidz is a case in point. http://1.usa.gov/1pF200n
Today I attended the opening of Univar, a major energy supply business, in Dickinson. Our state has become the envy of the nation, and it’s because of our people and businesses, like Univar, that are willing to invest in North Dakota and build out their operations here. Dickinson has truly stayed ahead of the curve with smart planning and collaboration between city and county officials, and businesses and local residents. That has helped draw even more economic development, build needed infrastructure, and created jobs throughout the area. http://1.usa.gov/1z2HHvJ
I cannot understand how a majority of the #SCOTUS can say that an employer, for religious reasons, may deprive employees of health care coverage for contraception but for no other standard medical service or treatment. It makes the case less about religious freedom and more about denial of access to contraception. I am mystified that the Court chose to join an ideological battle against contraception.
I want to thank  Representative Scott Rigell Congressman Bobby Scott and Congressman Rob Wittman for joining me to host a bipartisan conference today at Old Dominion University on the challenge of sea level rise in Virginia. We had a constructive dialogue with policy experts and regional stakeholders about the urgency of combating sea level rise, which is already having visible impacts on the Hampton Roads region. Read more about the conference here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/kaine-rigell-scott-wittman-host-sea-level-rise-conference-in-norfolk
I'm almost at 10,000 likes! Help me reach my goal by sharing my page with your friends!
President Obama’s decision to nominate Mr. Bob McDonald as the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs demonstrates his commitment to resolving the issues that have plagued the VA.  Mr. McDonald’s military experience and business, management and leadership skills are needed to lead our nation’s largest health care network.  I look forward to the Senate’s quick confirmation of Mr. McDonald so we can right the ship and together continue to tackle the issues in the VA.
Hope you can join Congressman Himes and me at our town hall in Westport tonight. We want to hear your thoughts on the situation in Iraq and the Middle East https://www.facebook.com/events/296883013818691/
Bosses and CEOs shouldn’t be able to impose their own personal views on their workers’ health care.   Read my full statement on the Supreme Court’s decision on Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Inc. here: 
I enjoyed visiting the Clarksburg VA this morning and was very pleased to see the high quality of care, the cleanliness of the facilities and the competent health services available to our veterans. As I toured the medical center and met with many patients, veterans and staff members, I received overwhelmingly positive feedback. The reports from the national VA audit that were recently released did not match the reports I gathered firsthand today. I plan to look into how the audit report was conducted and to discuss these issues with the new VA Secretary nominee, Bob McDonald. I thank our Clarksburg VA Director, Beth Brown, and the entire staff for their hospitality and for the great work they do every day to take care of our veterans.
ICYMI: I was pleased to join Bob Schieffer on  "Face The Nation" yesterday to talk about the situation in Iraq.
Speaker Boehner has made it absolutely clear that he won’t lift a finger to fix our broken immigration system so President Obama is right to protect families from being torn apart.   Speaker Boehner is out of excuses and his failure of leadership is enormous. Our broken immigration system is one of the biggest challenges we face as a nation and Speaker Boehner knows that addressing it is the right thing to do, yet the Tea Party spooked him into cowering in a corner. Instead of working with Democrats to forge bipartisan solutions, Speaker Boehner has sunk to suing the President and wasting taxpayer money in a transparent attempt to appease the Tea Party.   “More than a year ago, the Senate passed bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform. The Senate’s legislation would reduce the deficit by $200 billion over the next ten years, more than all waiting House bills combined. But it is now clear those of us looking for common-sense solutions do not have a partner in the Republican-led House. With no prospect for reform in the Republican-led House, the choice is between taking action and letting hard-working families continue to be torn apart. President Obama is right to take action to protect families by asking Secretary Johnson and Attorney General Holder to look at what he can do within his administrative authority.  
If the Supreme Court will not protect women’s access to health care, then Democrats will.  It's time that five men on the Supreme Court stop deciding what happens to women. 
Celebrating the steps New York has made; remembering those still waiting for equality.
Stopped by a Point Lookout staple for breakfast, JoJo Apples (in the Town of Hempstead) #NYtownoftheday
Great to meet so many brave New Hampshire veterans at the Welcome Home Korean War Veterans Ceremony in Concord this weekend. Thank you for your service!
LIKE and SHARE if you agree that women should make health care decisions with their doctors, not their employer. Read my statement on the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby ruling here: http://1.usa.gov/1k6c2iU 
It was just over a month ago that we dedicated the Yellowstone National Cemetery in Laurel as a national burial ground, and now the new sign has been installed.  A big thanks to everyone who made this possible!
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court got it wrong. The Court's ruling in Hobby Lobby is a step backward for women's health and another disturbing decision in which the justices put corporate interests ahead of American citizens. Nearly every woman in the United States will use birth control at some point in her life. And regardless of her reasons, the decision should be between a woman and her doctor -- her boss shouldn't have anything to do with it.  In the coming weeks and months, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services will determine how to implement this ruling. I urge the administration to do so in a way that will allow women full access to needed health services. But this decision also reinforces why I'll keep fighting to ensure the Senate fills judicial vacancies with mainstream judges who share the values of New Mexico families -- not corporate interests.
While the Court's #HobbyLobby decision is narrow, I believe these conversations should be between women and their doctors, not a woman and her boss. I trust the women of Virginia to make their own healthcare decisions.
