Thank you to Mayor Techel, Congressman Thompson, and all the federal, state and local officials who joined us in Napa on Saturday for an important briefing on the ongoing earthquake recovery effort. We must do everything we can to help families and businesses get back on their feet.
Today I joined Andrea Mitchell to discuss U.S. strategy for defeating #ISIL: 
Edward is a U.S. Marine Corps veteran whose wife was pregnant and stuck in the Philippines, living in a shelter after her home was destroyed by a typhoon. Edward petitioned for his wife to immigrate to the U.S., but suffered setbacks with USCIS. He desperately wanted their child to be born in the U.S., and was further concerned that his health insurance would not cover the medical expenses if his wife delivered in the Philippines.   My office worked in conjunction with Senator Christopher Murphy's office to expedite this case in the U.S. and with the Manila Embassy. Edward’s wife was able to obtain permission to fly from her doctor and we worked with the Embassy to see and issue her a visa in time for her to fly on September 12—in time for her to have her baby here in the United States.  Congratulations Edward and family on your new addition!
This data shows exactly why we must start taking sexual assault more seriously, and why I’ve proposed bipartisan legislation to help colleges and universities better address sexual assault on campuses. We must work to provide support and guidance for our schools to support sexual assault survivors, and help implement processes to properly adjudicate sexual assault cases on campus: http://j.mp/1vqSRrH
Maryland is at the epicenter of cyber technology innovation.  Proud to announce that the U.S. Department of Labor  has awarded $14,957,899 in federal funding to fourteen Maryland community colleges as part of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and Career Training (TAACCCT) initiative.    Of the nearly $15 million, Montgomery College received $5,371,743 to lead and fund the Cyber- Technology Pathways Across Maryland (CPAM) Consortium. CPAM is comprised of fourteen Maryland community colleges.  It seeks to train and educate Trade Adjustment Assistance workers, veterans, the un- and –under employed and low skilled adults. The Consortium will work to connect participants with employers looking to fill thousands of unfilled job openings. CPAM focuses on bringing women and other underrepresented populations into the growing fields of cyber technology and cyber security.
This morning, Congressman John Carney and I went to the 126-year-old Aetna Hose, Hook and Ladder Company in Newark to announce a federal grant award that will allow them to purchase 40 new sets of firefighting gear.
Our seasonal job fair at the Christiana Mall is tomorrow from 3 to 7. Please share with your friends looking for seasonal work!
We're all in this together.
#ICYMI: South Central Regional Airport Authority received a $2 million grant from the Federal Aviation Administration to continue work on expanding the runway at Clark Regional Airport. #GoodNews
Today’s peaceful democratic transition in Afghanistan is an important step for the country’s future. I look forward to continued U.S.- Afghan security cooperation. Terrorist safe havens must be prevented.
Today I spoke at a ribbon cutting event to celebrate the opening of the newly-constructed runway at Minot Air Force Base. The courageous servicemembers at Minot Air Force Base defend our nation every day, and we need to make sure they have the best facilities and resources they need to do their jobs. This reconstruction project was long overdue and takes an important step toward fulfilling that pledge. And we can’t forget that the completion of this project means military families will now be able to reunite as several had to separate during renovations. As a staunch advocate for our servicemembers and their families, I'll continue to make sure they have the tools and resources they need. http://1.usa.gov/1u6DKnC
It’s National Honey Month and I’m celebrating with an op-ed on Refinery29 about how North Dakota is the country’s number-one honey producer. Our honeybees help pollinate American staples like almonds, apples, and blueberries. Help create a little buzz about North Dakota’s busy bees – read and share my op-ed in Refinery29. 
ICYMI: Yesterday I joined Bob Schieffer on CBS' Face The Nation to discuss Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL. Watch here: 
Check out my first ever Buzzfeed listicle:  8 Reasons Why You Should Care About Super Pollutants #ActOnClimate http://www.buzzfeed.com/senatormurphy/8-reasons-why-you-should-care-about-super-pollutan-105c1
I'm pleased that both Berkeley County and Harrison County have been designated as High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA) and will receive additional federal resources to address the influx of drugs and reduce drug abuse. I have every assurance that our local law enforcement officials who are on the frontlines of this fight will put these resources to good use.  Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b80e58ef-58e1-4230-b40b-9a73b0ea0574
“Honored to join New Hampshire veterans in Boscawen this weekend at the at the annual New Hampshire VFW and Ladies Auxiliary POW and MIA Recognition Day Ceremony. We owe it to the brave men and women who wear our uniform in battle and to their families to search for every single one who is missing in action and to not stop until every prisoner of war is freed.”  -JS
The insurance giant AIG made reckless bets that nearly crashed our entire economy, forcing the government to bail it out with billions of taxpayer dollars. Now former AIG CEO Hank Greenberg – with the help of some of his Wall Street buddies – is showing his gratitude by suing the government for billions more because the terms of the bailout weren’t generous enough. What part of "we bailed you out" doesn't Hank Greenberg understand? 
