Tammy knows that reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank is essential to Wisconsin businesses. Last week, Tammy toured three Sturgeon Bay companies to listen to the concerns of local business owners who benefit from the Bank's assistance. Read more about Tammy's Sturgeon Bay tour and support of the Export-Import Bank here: 
It's troubling that 38,000 Wisconsinites are currently uninsured. Governor Walker's decision to decline federal aid to expand BadgerCare Plus under the Affordable Care Act resulted in cuts that have yet to be addressed. Tammy is urging Governor Walker to track those cut from BadgerCare and develop a strategy to remedy this situation. For more on Tammy's advocacy on this issue, read here: 
“A big thank you to Admiral Dick Young and Bruce Erek  from the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve @ESGR for presenting us with the Patriot Award for supporting staff in the National Guard deployed overseas . Supporting Guardsmen and Reservists as they train and deploy overseas is the least we can do to say thank you for safeguarding our freedoms.
Today, the Department of Veterans Affairs launched an updated version of their GI Bill Comparison Tool. This tool “is designed to make it easier for Veterans, Servicemembers, and dependents to estimate their GI Bill education benefits and learn more about VA’s approved college, university, and other education and training programs across the country. It also provides key information about college affordability and value so beneficiaries can choose the best education program to meet their needs.”  I encourage veterans and their families to use this tool, and am pleased to see the VA providing updated services for our men and women in uniform: http://j.mp/1tGA4sj 
"Geography can be tough. Here’s a guide for Russian soldiers who keep getting lost & ‘accidentally’ entering #Ukraine" A geography lesson from Canadian Joint Delegation to NATO. 
We let homeowners refinance their mortgages. Congress passed special legislation it allow that. We allow businesses to refinance their loans --to the lowest competitive rate. Why can't students do the same? They should be able to and that’s what U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren's #BankonStudents legislation would do. We need 2 votes to break the filibuster, hope it is brought to the floor in the next session. #DegreesNotDebt
Today in 1963 Martin Luther King, Jr. delivered his “I Have a Dream” speech at the Lincoln Memorial. His words are as true today as they were 51 years ago:   "Let us not wallow in the valley of despair, I say to you today, my friends.  And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.  I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal."  America has made great strides since his historic speech, but  as #MLK said - "we will not be satisfied until "justice rolls down like waters, and righteousness like a mighty stream."
Today I toured Delaware to view critical transportation projects across the state that may not move forward unless Congress approves a long-term transportation bill by the end of the year.  I will continue to keep fighting to see that we do pass a long-term solution because these projects are critical to our economy, mobility and safety.
NA
Join Senator Donnelly and WFYI for a screening of "Coming Back with Wes Moore," a PBS program on servicemembers' transition home and the challenges of Post-Traumatic Stress. Discussion with Senator Donnelly to follow.   This event is free and open to the public. Please RSVP to Donnelly_Events@Donnelly.Senate.Gov.
Share this #GoodNews: General Motors has announced plans to invest $48 million into an expansion of its Bedford plant, creating or retaining 45 jobs.
Joe last week traveled to Lawrenceburg, Rising Sun, Vevay, Madison, New Albany, Jeffersonville, Corydon, Marengo, Tell City, Chrisney, Newburgh, Evansville, and Mount Vernon on his Ohio River Tour. During the tour, Joe visited communities along the Ohio River to discuss economic development, job creation, and other local issues with area businesses and organizations.
Discussing tech-transfer and commercialization in Albuquerque today at Qynergy, a company that collaborates with inventors, customers, industry partners, and research centers to identify innovative technology and mature it to be ready for low volume manufacturing.
If you are interested in applying to one of the United States Service Academies, my staff will be available to help answer questions tonight at a Military Service Academy Information Session in Las Cruces from 6 to 8 p.m. at Centennial High School. For more info for parents and students about the nomination process, visit:  
Discussing the new south side Santa Fe VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic with KOAT. The new clinic is more than double the size of the old one, and will provide better access to veterans with disabilities, offer more parking, and provide improved primary care and mental health services. 
Today I called out Canadian Pacific Railway for the company’s new, yet seriously flawed, system to handle the delays of agriculture shipment in North Dakota that ignores the current number of unfulfilled requests from grain elevators. Just over a week ago, some grain elevators using Canadian Pacific reported past-due cars ranging anywhere from 200 to 2,000 cars, but under the new system, those delays range from zero to 50 cars.  But it isn’t because Canadian Pacific has fulfilled those requests. Rather, it’s because Canadian Pacific is making grain elevators cancel most of their open orders, leaving them without certainty that they will receive the cars they need under the new system while preventing them from selling the grain that has been delayed for months. Our farmers and grain elevators are suffering, and just leaving crops from the past few months that haven’t been shipped – because of the railroad’s failure to deliver cars – on the side of the road hurts us all, including our state’s economy. While Canadian Pacific’s new reporting system may provide more transparency in the long run, the company cannot just sweep under the rug the delays of the past year and start from scratch.
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) Tom Vilsack Thursday joined Senator Patrick Leahy and other Vermont leaders at the Lake Champlain waterfront here to announce $46 million in new federal funding over the next five years, from the recently enacted Farm Bill, for water-quality-driven conservation measures on Vermont farms in the Lake Champlain watershed.  The funding adds up to one of the largest commitments to cleanup efforts in the lake’s watershed since the lake’s water quality became a high ongoing priority more than two decades ago.
NA
In one week I'll be at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas, along with Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, White House Senior Counselor John Podesta, and Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack.   You can sign up to attend here: http://www.cleanenergysummit.org/
Some argue the Noon Mark Diner in Keene has the best pies in NY. Stop in and see for yourself! #NYtownoftheday
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after an agreement to resolve the ongoing Market Basket standoff was announced last night:   "Market Basket stores are an important part of our communities and their return to normal operations is a win for their workers and people across New Hampshire. I was pleased to hear of the agreement and look forward to their workers being back on the job."
Working to do what’s right for New Mexico’s economy is my top priority in the U.S. Senate. Watch below to learn more about the work I'm doing with communities across the state to help create jobs and build a better future.
Rhode Island veteran Raymond Mahon has finally received the medals he earned during World War II. He and his fellow soldiers joined one of the most difficult conflicts in history, and their sacrifice and resolve won them their rightful reputation as our Greatest Generation. I was honored to celebrate these awards with him today. Congratulations to Ray and the entire Mahon family!
