Thanked Peter Lee and Covered California staff today for their hard work signing up over 1.2 million people for healthcare coverage.
Thanks to the Colorado members of the U.S. Paralympic and Olympic team for visiting us today. Susan, the girls, and I enjoyed watching them all compete in Sochi. These athletes dedicated years to training for the special opportunity to represent our country on the world stage.
My thoughts are with the Fort Hood community today, as they grieve in the face of unimaginable and senseless violence. -RB
At a Senate hearing yesterday dealing with GM’s defective cars and safety issues, Sen. Blumenthal pressed CEO Mary Barra on the safety of defective cars that are still being driven.   General Motors has still not set up a compensation fund for victims, and while its recall warnings use detailed language about the conditions under which certain car models are likely to shut off, GM continues to tell drivers they can drive the recalled cars—even without repairs—as long as they use only the ignition key.   Watch, and share: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhCPWQ0kq94
Proud to introduce introduced the Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act of 2014 with Senator Marco Rubio. The bill would require the U.S. Department of State to report to relevant congressional committees on #warcrimes and crimes against humanity committed in Syria. This would include an account of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both the regime of President Bashar al-#Assad and violent extremist groups and other combatants involved in the conflict. The report also requires a description of U.S. government efforts to ensure accountability for #humanrights violations in #Syria. U.S. Senator Tim Kaine also a member of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , is an original cosponsor of the legislation.   Read more here:
Joining Senator Mike Crapo in celebrating the voice vote approval today in the Environment and Public Works Committee of The National Fish Habitat Conservation Act (#NFHCA) authorizes $7.2 million annually for fish #habitat restoration and protection projects that are supported by regional #Fish Habitat Partnerships. The bill leverages public-private partnerships and engage stakeholders like commercial #fisherman, anglers, outfitters and other angling and sportsmen industries to make lasting improvements to the health and sustainability of our nation’s fish habitats.  Choosing to protect our natural resources is good for our environment and our economy. We need deliberate and targeted action to stem the loss of our precious fisheries resources and millions of related jobs, by ensuring that these important aquatic habitats are better preserved. Our bill takes a comprehensive approach to stopping the single greatest cause of declining fish populations, by stemming the decline of healthy aquatic ecosystems that are critical to all fish species. We need to encourage healthier habitats for waterfowl and other wildlife as well as safer recreational waters for Americans to swim, boat and fish.  According to the most recent data available from the National Survey of Fishing, Hunting, and Wildlife-Associated Recreation, in 2011, more than 90 million U.S. residents – 40 percent of all those over age 16 – participated in wildlife-related activities, including fishing, hunting and wildlife watching. These recreationists spent over $145 billion pursuing these activities, contributing to millions of jobs in industries and businesses that support wildlife-related recreation.
I’m hopeful that this tax extenders bill will provide certainty to families and businesses now to aid their planning for the upcoming year, while also serving to bridge towards broader reform that provides clarity for taxpayers later on. 
In honor of the opening week of @MLB, here's a #TBT of a 10 year old me with my Dad, brother, and Pittsburgh Pirates legend, Roberto Clemente!
Big news today on Senator Coons' bill to help innovative startup companies grow and create jobs.
Senator Donnelly joined Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) today in applauding the bipartisan House passage of the Save American Workers Act of 2014, legislation similar to their bill, the Forty Hours is Full Time Act of 2013, which would improve the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.   Donnelly said, “This is a common sense improvement to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that would help Hoosier workers and employers.  Most Hoosiers would agree that 40 hours is full time, which is why we need to make this change to the definition of ‘full-time employee’ in the law." 
Joe had the opportunity to visit Walter Reed National Military Medical Center this afternoon where he met with Blue Star Mothers from St. Joseph County. The bags shown here are homemade care packages assembled by Hoosiers.
Joe had the chance to meet with representatives of Indiana Pork Farmers this morning to discuss the importance of their work to Indiana’s economy.
All of us in Indiana are praying for those who were injured and those who lost their lives in the shooting at Fort Hood. They will remain in our thoughts and prayers. -Joe
Read my statement on the Intelligence Committee’s vote to declassify the CIA detention and interrogation study.
I join New Mexicans in keeping the entire Fort Hood community in our thoughts. Our hearts are heavy, especially for the families of those who died and the victims who suffered injuries yesterday. I commend the efforts of the law enforcement officers who put themselves in harm’s way and emergency responders who aided those who were hurt.
Great picture of the Organ Mountains. Photo Credit: Mike Groves
Next week I will participate in a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing to examine the levels of federal resources that are needed to keep our railways safe for passengers and communities. It will be another opportunity to continue to highlight how important it is that we improve rail safety to make sure our families and communities are safe. 
Today, Republican Senator Susan Collins and I introduced a bill to help schools provide healthy meals for students. Right now, 74% of school districts in North Dakota need at least one piece of kitchen equipment to better serve healthy meals. But the median cost to meet the new lunch requirements is approximately $18,000 per school in the state. Our bill would help give schools resources so students can get the healthy fuel they need to focus as they learn and grow. 
Joined the Instagram world today. Check out my first post and follow me for a behind-the-scenes look at my work in the U.S. Senate. 
I was honored to stand beside President Obama today as he signed the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act into law - a bill that honors a beautiful young girl who fought against terrible odds and wanted to help others. Her efforts helped raise awareness that so little of our research in this country goes toward any childhood condition, cancer or otherwise. When Majority Leader Eric Cantor came to me when the House bill passed and asked, "will you let me bring the Miller family to your office?” I said, absolutely. And all it took was one visit with Eric, Mark and Ellyn Miller, and watching the wonderful videos of Gabriella to say, we ought to be able to do this. Thank you as well to my colleagues in the Senate, Mark Warner and Orrin Hatch for their hard work to get this bill passed.
Thousands of Afghan interpreters, who assisted U.S. troops by serving as vital cultural links and in many cases protecting them from harm, have applied for Special Immigrant Visas. Unfortunately, while their applications are stuck in bureaucratic delays, they face the constant threat of violence from armed groups and the Taliban. After learning more about this, I wrote a letter to Secretary Kerry urging him to ensure that we have the resources to help more interpreters. Recently, I met with interpreters Janis and Mohammad, who after a long period of time and tremendous effort were able to obtain their visas. Learn more about Janis’ story here:   http://www.mensjournal.com/magazine/print-view/the-interpreters-we-left-behind-20140326
On Wednesday, April 2, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) spoke before a group gathered for Mines Advisory Group's 25th Anniversary.  A photography exhibit titled "Surviving The Peace: Landmines, Mortars, and Munitions" was on display, timed also for the International Mine Awareness Day.  Leahy has long been the leading U.S. official pressing for a worldwide ban on the use of landmines.  Last week he launched a series of Senate Floor speeches in which he is urging President Obama to sign the international treaty on landmines.  
This week at a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing on the budget for the National Institutes of Health with NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins, I called for robust and reliable investment in innovation.   I call NIH the National Institutes of Hope, giving hope to millions in the U.S. and around the world turning science and discovery into better health for us all. If we want NIH to help combat Alzheimer's, autism and cancer, we need to be on the side of research and innovation. 
Great news that Medicare.gov is now processing enrollments for same-sex marriages. More info here: http://medicare.gov/sign-up-change-plans/same-sex-marriage.html
#TBT: Claire has spent her entire career fighting for victims of violence, and today was no exception: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6SVNe-jCJU&list=UUnarZ9jmNhI-eDcEPBwqMFw
Today, we're one step closer to making sure our chemical facilities are appropriately monitored and inspected and our drinking water sources remain safe. I want to thank members of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee for reviewing and passing this important piece of legislation, because the bottom line is that no American should have to worry about the contamination of their water supply from a chemical spill. I'm also thankful to work with Chairwoman Boxer and Ranking Member Vitter on supporting this issue that affects the health and well-being of all Americans.  http://1.usa.gov/1fP3R8u
Gayle and I join all West Virginians this evening in sending our prayers to the Soldiers and families of the victims of today's shooting at Fort Hood, Texas. We will keep the Fort Hood community in our thoughts, with hope that they are able to rally together at this most difficult time.
We need to get our country back to full employment -- to a place where all Americans have an opportunity to earn a living and build a better life for their families.  We have the resources to achieve this.  The question is: will the minority in Congress listen to the majority of the American people?    With your help, I believe they will.  See how restoring emergency unemployment insurance will impact your state:
Today I discussed the need to give Americans a raise. We’re up against strong forces who oppose us. Did you know that the Koch Brothers not only oppose raising the minimum wage, but that they want to abolish the minimum wage?
The strong and resilient Ft. Hood community is grieving over this latest act of senseless violence. We stand with them.
Congrats to the @BuffaloBisons on their #OpeningDay win. #tbt Can't wait to visit again soon!
Yesterday Senator Shaheen met with Bob Sculley, Executive Director of the Oil Heat Council of New Hampshire and President and CEO of the New Hampshire Motor Transport Association. The two discussed the reauthorization of National Oilheat Research Alliance (NORA) in the 2014 Farm Bill and Shaheen presented Sculley with a signed copy of the NORA bill. Read more about the importance of NORA here: http://1.usa.gov/1grpxqJ
Senator Shaheen at this morning’s Senate Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee hearing, called on U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to address New Hampshire’s growing heroin and prescription opioid abuse epidemic. Shaheen specifically asked Holder for federal assistance for local law enforcement and prescription drug monitoring to appropriately combat what has become a top public health issue in the Granite State. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1ouI53b  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiYt2XMilKk&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA
Senator John Walsh and I today tried to pass the North Fork Watershed Protection Act out of the Senate, but some folks decided to hold it up and play politics instead. http://1.usa.gov/1hFTtUF
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of Fort Hood in the wake of yesterday’s tragedy. Our military community is strong and resilient, and our nation stands with them. Many first responders put themselves at risk to protect both our military members and civilians on the base that day, and we are all grateful.
On April 17, I'll be hosting a a Women’s Career Success Conference in Las Cruces to help New Mexico women enhance their careers. If you're a woman looking to start your own business, needing help improving your résumé, or simply considering a career change, I invite you to join me,  Doña Ana County, area employers, nonprofit organizations and federal agency officials for this exciting conference. Registration is free, but space is limited. For more information, please visit http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/womenssuccess and share this invitation with others.
This morning I'm pleased to report a bipartisan breakthrough on a bill to create jobs and revitalize communities in New Mexico and across the country. The BUILD Act promotes public-private partnerships to redevelop and clean up old polluted "brownfield" sites. Here in New Mexico, we have terrific success stories, like Albuquerque's Sawmill neighborhood, the Santa Fe Railyard, and our iconic Route 66. Reauthorizing the program holds great promise for New Mexico's economy.  I was proud to champion this bill with Senator Frank Lautenberg before he passed, and I hope we can get it through the full Senate soon. Click here to learn more about the bill and the hearing I chaired last year with Bernalillo County Commission Vice Chair Debbie O'Malley:  http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1377
Proud to join the President, Majority Leader Eric Cantor and my good friend Tim Kaine to sign the bipartisan Gabriella Miller #KidsFirst Research Act into law today. Gabriella was incredibly courageous and this new law will further honor her memory by supporting research to help the many millions of children who struggle with life-threatening illnesses.
It has been seven years since Congress last increased the minimum wage.  It’s time to honor work again, time to honor the people who get up every day and bust their tails to try to build a life for themselves and their children. It’s time to end corporate welfare for companies that pay poverty-level wages and then expect taxpayers to pick up the tab when their workers need public assistance to afford food, health care, and other basic expenses. It’s time to #RaiseTheWage to help level the playing field for America’s hardworking families. 
