While in Turkey, our delegation met with representatives of the Syrian opposition. We visited the Kilis refugee camp which shelters more than 13,000 Syrian refugees on the Turkey-Syria border and is one of 17 camps that have been established by the Turkish government. I commend Turkey for keeping its border open to those fleeing the violence in Syria, and for not only sheltering and feeding these refugees, but also providing medical care and educating their children.  Just prior to our visit, the camp residents had held an election and selected leaders for their temporary community. Our delegation met with these elected officials who shared stories of their triumph in leading their families to safety in Turkey. Their frustration with the lack of support from the international community was clear. These leaders repeatedly expressed their expectations that the United States would take decisive action. Our conversation also reinforced concerns that destabilizing elements may take advantage of the void of cohesive leadership in the opposition as time drags on.
A big thank you to Delaware's Health Ambassadors, who help families with access to doctors and health education. These folks came out to celebrate National Public Health Week in Wilmington today.
Really learned a lot on my tour of our northern border this week. Always great to see our borders in person and hear from those stationed there firsthand. As we continue to examine our nation's border security on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, it's important that we recognize the progress we've made and remain thoughtful about the challenges that lie ahead. Thanks for hosting me, Carl Levin and the great state of Michigan.
Finishing up Hoosier JobsRoots, Joe met with small business leaders in Terre Haute for a jobs roundtable where they discussed what the city needs to create more jobs for Hoosier families. Share this post if you agree with Joe’s approach to using common sense legislation to bring better economic opportunities back home.
Joining community leaders from around Evansville, Joe started the final day of his Hoosier JobsRoots tour at the Southwest Indiana Chamber of Commerce where they discussed how they could develop the local economy in Southern Indiana.
Interested in an internship in either my DC office or one of my North Dakota offices? I'm now accepting applications!
Talking housing in Valley City today
Just toured the NASA facility on Wallops Island where I toured the Antares Rocket and the pad it will be launched from on April 17th. Wallops Island will play an important role  in the future of NASA and the next generation of space exploration.
Just stopped by the Parksley Volunteer Fire Department to thank them for all they've done to respond to the recent string of arsons on the Eastern Shore.
Just met with immigration advocates and stakeholders in New Jersey about the progress the "Gang of Eight" is making on comprehensive immigration reform.  We all - every one of us - have a stake in it. Read more here: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-updates-immigration-advocates-stakeholders-in-new-jersey-on-comprehensive-immigration-reform
Joined Rep. Frank Pallone and Njpirg in Asbury Park this morning to discuss the negative impacts that offshore tax havens have on New Jersey small businesses and taxpayers. Offshore tax dodging shifts corporations’ & wealthy individuals’ tax burden to ordinary citizens & small businesses. It's time that we finally close these offshore tax loopholes. The wealthiest Americans and the biggest corporations have earned their success, but they also have a responsibility -- as members of the greater American community that has helped them build that success – to be part of the solution. It’s the right thing – the fair thing to do.
My thoughts on Connecticut's new bipartisan gun laws:
Yesterday, Claire sat down with leaders of Missouri’s National Guard to continue her focus on combating sexual assault in the military. She wanted to hear from the people on the ground about “specific problems they’re facing and ways we need to do better.”   More on yesterday’s visit in Jefferson City via KRCG News.
Today, Senator Manchin kicked off his week-long "Commonsense Solutions" tour in West Virginia.
Congrats to the Buffalo Bisons on the first win of the season!
Paralympic gold medalist Victoria Arlen of Exeter dropped the ceremonial puck at the Boston Bruins game this week. Very cool! Watch here: http://bit.ly/Xg5aaK
Don't forget: members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours today, April 4 from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, and Berlin. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
True to their word, Plum Creek is reopening in Evergreen.  This is great news for the Flathead and for Montana's economy.
Great talking with Eunice residents. Their motto rang true - friendly people, proud town. Thanks to the City of Eunice, New Mexico and the Eunice Chamber of Commerce for their cold iced tea and warm hospitality.
Very interesting things happening at the NMJC Training & Outreach center in Hobbs. New Mexico Junior College was selected as the only educational institution nationwide to partner with Lockheed Martin on developing new training programs that will produce workforce ready technical degrees in the oil, gas and nuclear energy professions. Kudos to Dr. Rhodes at NMJC and Dr. Platt at Lockheed Martin for this innovative partnership that will create good, high paying jobs in Lea County.
In my sequester-replacement plan, I called for an end to Big Oil subsidies, the implementation of the Buffett Rule, and other policies that wouldn't place the burden on the middle class.  
  
 Click LIKE if you agree that the middle class shouldn't carry the burden while Big Oil gets a free pass.
“I know that you share my belief that we absolutely owe it to our military families to ensure we are providing first-rate, safe facilities on our military installations. This is especially true for the children of our troops, many of whom are deployed and rely upon us to provide their families safe and adequate housing and child care,” Sen. Warner wrote. (staff)
