What could possibly be the rationale for dropping critical protections for GLBT, Native American, and undocumented victims of domestic violence? The House version of The Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) is a watered down version of the bipartisan Senate bill. The House even cut our Campus SaVE Act which would have increased safety on college campuses. The House should pass the Senate version of VAWA.
Today, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on Senator Dianne Feinstein's proposed ban on Assault Weapons. Courageous Newtown residents & families came to the hearing to advocate for the law. Neil Heslin, father of Jesse, killed at Sandy Hook Elementary, sent a powerful message on why we must reduce gun violence in this country. Now is the time.
Tomorrow, Thursday February 28 join  Maryland Delegation members  for a twitter town-hall. We will be responding to constituent questions regarding the sequester through their Twitter accounts: 
 
 @SenatorCardin 
 @WhipHoyer Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer
 @SenatorBarb U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski 
 @ElijahECummings Representative Elijah E. Cummings
 @Call_Me_Dutch Dutch Ruppersberger 
 @ChrisVanHollen Chris Van Hollen
 @RepJohnSarbanes John Sarbanes
 @RepDonnaEdwards Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards
 @RepJohnDelaney  Congressman John K. Delaney . 
 
 To follow the Twitter Town Hall questions and responses, follow @AskMDDems. 
 
 
 Submit questions and comments by tagging them on Twitter with #AskMDDems or by e-mailing them to AskMDDems@gmail.com.
We currently have more than 844,000 veterans unemployed in the United States. It is a national embarrassment that we have not been able to provide good paying jobs to our returning heroes. I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, which works to encourage employers to hire veterans.
This was a great trip to Arizona with my friend John McCain and others. I saw firsthand that we've made a lot of progress in securing our border, and I'm ready to use my chairmanship to help ensure we're making it even more secure in a cost effective way.
In order to strengthen the economy, we need to reduce the deficit in a balanced way by cutting government waste and closing tax loopholes for wealthy special-interests.
Excellent demo of H2H.Jobs from SGM Wayne Browser; a great resource for service members transitioning to civilian work. Check http://h2h.jobs/ for more info.
Should Republicans and Democrats come together in a more responsible way to cut spending, sustain the economy, and protect the middle class or should the sequester’s across the board cuts remain in place?
Nearly 50 employers have signed up for next Wednesday's job fair in Newark. Combined, they're hiring for nearly 600 jobs across an array of skill sets. Please share this with your friends and neighbors!
Our nation’s armed services could hurt the most under the sequester cuts. Camp Atterbury, for instance, would see an estimated $1.4 million reduction in funding for the base, and Crane Naval Service Warfare Center would experience an estimated $36 million cut. Indiana could suffer an estimated $133 million economic loss because of the Army’s cuts.  Joe’s ready for Washington to act with some common sense and make thoughtful, not indiscriminate cuts. Share this post with your friends if you’re for a bipartisan solution for balancing our nation’s budget.
If the sequester cuts go into place, Indiana would see reductions in FEMA grants that assist our state’s firefighters and first responders with the resources and personnel they need to protect our communities. There would be fewer inspections for foodborne illnesses and funding would be cut for childhood immunization grants, preventing an estimated 2,770 children from accessing vaccinations from the world’s most dangerous diseases. Senator Donnelly wants to work with lawmakers from both parties to balance the budget without putting citizens’ health at risk.
Under the sequester, Indiana education would see a $32.3 million reduction in funding, putting 339 jobs at risk including 190 teachers and aides. Head Start funding would be cut by $6 million and close to 1,000 students would lose access to this early education program. Joe would prefer a more thoughtful approach to reducing spending: let’s identify which programs are not working rather than cut indiscriminately.
PHOTO: Last witnesses at today’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on assault weapons.
PHOTO: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on assault weapons right now. Tune in here: http://cs.pn/YzEGPt
RIGHT NOW: Tune in to the Judiciary Committee hearing on my assault weapons bill on C-SPAN HERE:
Taking action immediately to avoid sequestration is the only responsible course of action. And make no mistake, what’s at stake are thousands of New Mexico jobs and vital services for children, seniors, and our men and women in uniform. Limping from one self-made crisis to another is no way to govern. We can and must avert these cuts by pairing sensible spending reductions with reasonable revenue increases.
From this afternoon’s meeting with the Credit Union Association of the Dakotas.
Questioning CFTC Chairman Gensler at today’s Senate Ag hearing.
Discussing heifers, hats and the Farm Bill with a rancher today.
Had a blast talking energy with Senator Joe Manchin III this morning on Panhandle Live
I delivered my first speech on the Senate floor. I decided to speak earlier than new Senators typically do because I felt it was so important to address the devastating impact sequestration and budget uncertainty would have on Virginians.
On Wednesday, Senator Leahy met in his Capitol Hill office with visiting representatives from credit unions across Vermont.
You know what sequester will mean?  Across-the-board cuts. It will have a direct impact on America's prisons. Oh, sure, the prisoners will still have their food. They'll still have their hour to be able to do their exercise. But the prison guards will face furloughs, layoffs and even reductions in the workforce. We're placing them at risk while they protect us from risk  I want to cancel the sequester and come up with a balanced solution of revenues and strategic targeted cuts, not across-the-board cuts to 1,300 correctional guards that might face layoffs. We need to be able to have the right law enforcement at federal and state levels to catch the bad guys, whether it's white-collar crime, like mortgage fraud, or street crime, or despicable things like trafficking women and children.
As we look at solving sequester, there are those who want to protect lavish tax break earmarks for a few who can take a tax deduction on their corporate jets. I’m standing up for the many. I’m for the people working every day at our federal labs to find cures for Alzheimer’s, Autism & AIDS.
Claire and Senator Blunt brought federal agencies together yesterday to help resolve a decades-long dispute that’s been delaying a project critical to families and businesses in the Bootheel. The Senators pledged to continue working together to resolved outstanding issues and bring a conclusion to these delays. More on the meeting here: http://1.usa.gov/YZE9Xd
Joe Manchin Talks Honest About Guns  http://youtu.be/xS2lLlH7EHY
NA
Without the determination and sacrifice of Rosa Parks, much of the progress we have made to perfect our union would not have been possible.
I was honored to speak today at the historic unveiling ceremony of the Rosa Parks statue in the U.S. Capitol’s Statuary Hall. I spoke about this photograph from my office which is a potent reminder that – although our journey is not over – this country has come far in its short history toward righting injustice and living up to its founding principles.
I was pleased to meet with representatives from UNR’s College of Agriculture yesterday. UNR’s faculty and students are at the forefront of modern ranching, biotechnology, and conservation research. I look forward to my continued work with the college in the future to make sure they have proper resources to make meaningful progress in their fields of study.
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
NA
Great to see Durham-native Sam Fuld on the cover of this month’s Diabetes Forecast helping bring awareness to the fight against diabetes! Diabetes is a disease that doesn’t discriminate and we are proud of Sam in New Hampshire for his leadership on this important cause.
A thought-provoking op-ed from novelist and Dartmouth '76 grad Louise Erdrich on why the House of Representatives must pass the bipartisan, Senate approved version of the Violence Against Women Act and not leave minority populations unprotected.
Congratulations to Montana's Jarrett Guyer, Jackson Langland, Stewart Harris, Shelby Grant and Gabriella DeMarinis on being accepted to West Point.  I was proud to nominate each of them, and I know Montanans will join me in thanking them for their service to our country.
Yesterday I was honored to present the Sepich family with copies of the federal legislation President Obama recently signed into law named for their daughter Katie. Because of Jayann and Dave Sepich's tireless efforts, we were able to pass the Katie Sepich Enhanced DNA Collection Act, which will help expand New Mexico's "Katie's Law" nationwide. Join me in liking this point and sharing it with others to thank the Sepich family for their work in preventing violent crimes and saving lives.
Really enjoyed meeting with this great group of Rhode Island leaders from Disabled American Veterans. With each visit, they make sure to let me know about processes and policies that we can improve to better serve our veterans. My thanks to them for a great discussion and their invaluable input!
At our 25th Commonwealth Coffee and our first with Senator Tim Kaine, Senator Warner tells the crowd of Virginians that Senator Kaine is bringing optimism back to Capitol Hill.  (staff)
This morning I spoke at the Credit Union National Association and met with the Massachusetts members. Credit unions are a model for how financial institutions can provide real value for their customers and their communities.
