Tom Foley was a public servant of the highest honor who put the future of our nation, our environment and even our fiscal health, above party and even his own political future. I had the privilege of serving in the House of Representatives for the full length of his tenure as Speaker. I appreciated his understated style, immense skills as a legislator, and sheer love of his home state of Washington. My prayers and condolences go out to Heather and the entire Foley family at this time of great loss.
Today I toured Avianax in Grand Forks which is a partnership between the UND Research Foundation and Interglobal Biologics, Inc. They are investigating infections and diseases, like West Nile Virus and avian influenza, and developing treatments. I'm so proud that such important advancements are being researched right here in North Dakota.
I'm grateful for all of the hard work done by our North Dakota Head Start Directors and was glad to speak with them today at the North Dakota Head Start Conference. At a time when we should be investing in more programs like Head Start, wrongheaded policies and reckless across-the-board spending cuts are causing real damage. We absolutely need to reduce the deficit, but we can’t do it by slashing crucial programs, like Head Start, which give our children the affordable education opportunities they deserve and save taxpayers money in the long run.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2afb33cd-afbc-43c7-a502-459383ee9fdd
Joined the Morning Joe team today to discuss the needless government shutdown and the bipartisan agreement to end it. Catch our discussion here:
This morning in Manchester with Head Start kids. Replacing sequester in budget conference will help keep this program running.
While the House shut down the government over Obamacare, Obamacare cut tally of uninsured in Oregon by 10%
Last night I talked with Piers Morgan about the importance of bipartisanship when it comes to getting our financial house in order. We can not govern from the fringes. In West Virginia, we just aren't used to doing business that way. We try to identify our problem, bring people together, put our state ahead of our politics and work through it. That's what we need now in Washington.   ICYMI, watch the interview here:
Enjoyed some prosciutto and mozzarella with Assemblyman Mike Cusick and Senator Andrew Lanza at Demontes in #StatenIsland today. Buon appetito!
