Women on average earn just 77 cents for every dollar made by a man. It’s long past time for us to stop shortchanging half the country and their families. That’s why we called on Republicans today to join us to help pass the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
I’m proud to join Barbara Mikulski and other colleagues on the Senate floor now to call for equal pay for equal work.
Today is Equal Pay Day! Share if you want to see the gender wage gap closed for good. -TB
Heading to Senate floor soon to speak on the costs of our broken immigration system. The Senate passed an #immigration bill last year. Now it's time for the House to follow suit.
Calling all Nutmeggers in DC and surrounding areas: Senator Chris Murphy and I will be hosting a constituent coffee tomorrow, April 9 from 8:30-9:30 AM.  If interested, RSVP to constituentcoffee@blumenthal.senate.gov.
Equal Pay Day should be a reminder to us all: we can't have a fair economy if half of our workers struggle with systematic discrimination that robs them of the income they deserve.  When women succeed, families succeed. Share this in support of #EqualPay.
Exhilarating, exciting, and exhausting—#UConn started strong and stayed strong. Congrats to Coach Ollie and the UConn men's team! 
$8,323,369,708- The average combined amount of money #Maryland women who are employed full time lose in a year due to the #wagegap. Think what that translates to into mortgage, car, and tuition payments. How much in gas and groceries? How much longer will a woman have to be employed to enjoy the same retirement security as a man who worked the same job? #EqualPay for equal work, I support the #PayCheckFairnessAct because I  believe in a level playing field.
On #EqualPayDay we remember that #EqualPay for equal work isn't just a women's issue- Its a matter of basic fairness that concerns all Americans. I stand with U.S. Senate Democrats in supporting the #PaycheckFairnessAct. I hope our friends on the other side of the aisle will join us in giving everyone a #FairShot at success.
If you've seen me around Delaware at a public event in the last eight years, chances are Laura Wisler was behind it. I am thrilled Laura has recently become my Kent County director. I know that she’ll do a great job leading our team in Kent.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1oHKhnW
I'm very proud to announce Bill Ghent will be my new chief of staff effective April 21. Bill has done a superb job of managing my agenda and leading our legislative team for the past seven years and I am confident he will be an outstanding chief of staff.
Today kicks off Water Week, where take a moment to ensure we're doing everything we can to ensure everyone has the clean, safe water that they deserve. We Delawareans are so blessed with Delaware River and Chesapeake Bay Watershed, so let’s do our part to preserve and protect our water.
Wearing red today in honor of #EqualPay Day. It's time we make equal pay for equal work a reality for all Americans.
I’m urging the Appropriations Committee to continue investment in this program that has promoted job growth in Southeastern Pennsylvania while serving as a national model for energy efficiency. Investing in this initiative will help businesses across the country reduce their costs by becoming more energy efficient. I’m hopeful that the Appropriations Committee will continue to support this effort so the Consortium for Building Energy Innovation can continue to innovate and make a nationwide impact.
Indiana Senators Joe Donnelly and Dan Coats made a friendly wager with Connecticut Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy on tonight’s NCAA Women’s Championship Game between the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and UConn Huskies. The participation of two undefeated teams in the women’s national championship is a first in NCAA history. Donnelly, a Notre Dame alum, said: “The Irish are #notdoneyet, and we are very proud of our team and Coach McGraw. The Huskies are tough, but the Irish are ready. I’m looking forward to enjoying brownies and ice cream after tonight’s win. Go Irish!”
Equal pay for equal work is both fair and right. With a little transparency and sunlight, I know we can get there. No one should have to worry that they will lose their job for wanting to know if they are paid the same as an equally qualified co-worker. The President took a critical step today to ensure that every woman has a fair shot at fairness and economic success. Now it’s our turn. I urge every one of my colleagues to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act so that women have the tools needed to achieve equal pay for equal work.
Today – Equal Pay Day – I spoke on the Senate floor about how it’s long overdue that Congress pass the Paycheck Fairness Act. This bill would help close the wage gap between men and women including in North Dakota, where women make just 74% of what men earn. Right now women have to work 12 years longer than men to make up the pay gap.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=70f3ad91-54d4-4f8a-9073-c4bbb8cb2f1e 
During a Senate Agriculture Committee hearing today, I spoke about the importance of biofuels to North Dakota’s true all-of-the-above energy strategy and how the Renewable Fuel Standard is critical to enabling biofuels to support good jobs, strengthen the economy, and lower prices at the pump for North Dakota families.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=61193e75-4168-4c9e-a86d-23f953bcec5d 
After Senator Hoeven and I called on the U.S. Defense Department to avoid eliminating missile silos, like those at Minot Air Force Base, the Defense Department today announced it will preserve these silos. These weapons, supported by the incredible servicemembers at Minot Air Force Base, offer the best deterrent to potential enemies who may wish the U.S. and our allies harm.
The students from King George High School impressed me with their great questions about raising the minimum wage, technology, and unemployment insurance. It was great spending time with them!
It's hard to believe that in 2014 women make on average 77 cents for every dollar that men make. Like and Share if you believe that hard-working women deserve #EqualPay for equal work!
Women deserve to make the same amount of money as men & yet working women in NJ make 79 cents for every dollar earned by their male counterpart.    I support the Paycheck Fairness Act because when women’s paychecks are shortchanged, so are New Jersey families & our economy.  I’m also glad to see President Obama taking action to help close the gender wage gap.
I took to the Senate floor today leading Democratic women in speaking out for #equalpay for equal work! It’s time to give working families a fair shot!  Women in America make up nearly half the workforce - and 40 percent of them are the sole breadwinners in their families. Working women are tired of being paid in crumbs! 
Today at the White House with pay equity activity Lilly Ledbetter I witnessed President Obama take executive action promoting #equalpay for equal work among federal contractors.  It's time to finish the job. It's time for Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to put change in the federal law books so we can put change in family checkbooks.
Unemployment Insurance is a social contract and a social compact. I'll never stop fighting for Maryland families who need a government on their side. I voted to renew UI providing a critical safety net for more than 2.2 million American families - including 47,000 in Maryland - who need it most. This long overdue action by the Senate comes as welcome relief to help pay for housing, food and heat for families looking for work. 
"The Paycheck Fairness Act is a simple step towards making our laws reflect two of the most important values we have in America...Equality and Justice. It's that simple." - Claire #EqualPay #PaycheckFairnessAct
Today is Equal Pay Day – the day each year when women’s earnings catch up to men’s earnings in the previous year.   It is simply outrageous that in the year 2014, every American does not receive equal pay for equal work. This is an issue of basic fairness and equality. It’s also a huge pocketbook issue for Oregon’s women and their families. Pay gaps quickly add up to thousands of dollars. That’s real money that makes a real difference in paying a mortgage, fixing a car, or buying groceries.   It’s time to renew our commitment to equal pay for equal work. I applaud President Obama for acting today, and I look forward to casting my vote for the Paycheck Fairness Act tomorrow. 
ICYMI: I was proud to celebrate Equal Pay Day today and stand up for paycheck fairness on the Senate floor with many of my colleagues. It simply defies common sense that working women in West Virginia earn 70 cents to every dollar a man makes.  It’s past time that we correct this unfairness to make sure that women are paid what they deserve. I will continue to fight for paycheck fairness until all people earn the same pay for the same work.  Also, I  greatly appreciated the witty remarks made by my colleague U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski.
Whether extreme weather hits or an unexpected disaster like January’s chemical spill occurs, it's critical that WV families and businesses are financially prepared for the worst. As part of National Financial Literacy Month, I’m proud to join FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Ready Campaign to highlight the importance of starting early and having a financial plan so that our communities can rebuild and recover more quickly when faced with expensive, financial damages.   For information on financial preparation, please click here. http://www.ready.gov/financialpreparedness 
Last week, something happened in the Senate that rarely occurs in today’s Congress, where partisan gridlock and political dysfunction typically rule. Liberals and conservatives along with moderates and independents worked together to pass a bipartisan bill out of committee, under regular order, that will help ensure our drinking water supplies remain clean and safe.  Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=4b564acd-78e1-4ae2-8404-f64330c450dc
NA
With tax credits for live theatre investments, Washington can give its regards to Broadway.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement commemorating Equal Pay Day:   “Pay discrimination is not fair, is not right, and every day that it persists is a day when we do an injustice to hardworking American women. Equal Pay Day is a stark reminder that while we have made progress in the last several decades, pay discrimination continues to hurt women, families and the economy. As long as millions of American women continue to only earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by men, we have to keep fighting. It’s time all Americans receive equal pay for equal work, and it’s time we pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.”  http://1.usa.gov/1e7VjOX 
It’s Equal Pay Day and Montana women still make 76 cents for every dollar that their male coworkers make.  Montana and this country can do better.  That’s why I’m cosponsoring the Paycheck Fairness Act.  LIKE and SHARE this video to join me in support of Equal Pay for Equal Work.
It's Equal Pay Day, but 50 years after the passage of the Equal Pay Act, New Mexico women still only earn 80 cents for every dollar men earn. This disparity is holding back the economy and our families.   I’m supporting the Paycheck Fairness Act in the Senate this week, and I’m going to keep fighting so all New Mexico women have a fair shot at success. If you agree with me that women deserve equal pay for equal work – help me spread the word by sharing this message with others.
I'm very pleased the Senate was able to step beyond partisan obstruction and vote to extend emergency unemployment assistance yesterday. Thousands of New Mexico families have struggled to find work in a tough economy, and for the last four months since emergency unemployment assistance expired, too many have also strained to pay for basic needs.  Now it's time for the House to do its part to help millions of unemployed workers across the country get back on their feet and pay for necessities while they look for work. Help me send this message to the House by liking this post and sharing with your friends.
America’s women are tired of hearing that pay inequality isn’t real or that it is somehow our fault - and we’re ready to fight back against pay discrimination.  We need to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act now to level the playing field for hardworking women. Watch my floor speech today on #EqualPay:
