Yesterday, Sen. Blumenthal spoke about the great need to increase accountability for the intelligence community—and he has introduced legislation to reform FISA and the FISA courts.   Read more and share. http://j.mp/1daKifm
Senator Dick Durbin shares some well deserved kind words about the University of Maryland on the #Senate floor last week.   "...The best example I can come up with of worthy education through the #military, University of Maryland"
An eventful day in Sussex County took me to see the runway expansion project at Sussex County Airport, the incredible work PATS is doing on aircrafts in Georgetown and to La Red Health Center in Seaford where I met two Delawareans who recently got health insurance for the first time in years.
I voted to advance Dr. Murthy's nomination during a hearing of the HELP Committee and will support his nomination on the Senate floor. Dr. Murthy understands the public health challenges our nation faces, is highly qualified and would make an excellent Surgeon General.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
It’s Severe Weather Awareness Week in Indiana. Please take a moment to review your family’s emergency plans and visit http://www.in.gov/dhs/getprepared.htm for more information on being prepared for the worst.
Today I toured Mt. Taylor Manufacturing and met with the company's president and members from the Cibola National Forest Fire Management to discuss a U.S. Forest Service program to clear small wood from the Cibola National Forest. Mt. Taylor Manufacturing is a family owned business, which was established as a wood molding plant in 1965. The sawmill makes products from trees selectively harvested from the Cibola National Forest.
Road trip indulgence -- New Mexico Style Red Chili (sic) Chips!
From El Malpais National Monument to Pueblo of Zuni to Ramah Navajo Chapter, it's been a good day!
Proud to co-host the Red River Valley Research Corridor’s Small Business Summit today to create an opportunity for folks to learn key information and gain access to individuals that will allow North Dakota’s small businesses to keep leading the way. Small businesses account for over 96 percent of all employers in North Dakota, so their success is important for all North Daktoans. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b2516970-61b1-4af8-805a-f14feba88f0b
Check out this piece in Indian Country Today about my work for Native families -- issues very close to my heart.
Great turn out for my town hall in Bismarck. Thanks to everyone who attended, and appreciate all the questions.
I just filled out my #MarchMadness bracket. I have Virginia Commonwealth University in the Sweet 16 and University of Virginia going all the way. Who’s in your #FinalFour?
NA
Aiming to “keep the economy moving in the right direction,” Claire today heard directly from Missourians at public town halls in Kansas City and Higginsville today, on ideas for how to keep expanding job and business opportunities in the state.
Claire has just kicked off her 'McCaskill on Main Street' town hall in Kansas City on the UMKC Campus and we're live-streaming it to make sure you all get a chance to tune in. Watch LIVE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3in-MJwBKo
Front page in today's Springfield News-Leader: "At a town hall in Springfield on Tuesday, McCaskill, a Democrat, said sexual assaults might be more under-reported on college campuses than in the military.  'I’m looking at what college campuses are doing in terms of keeping statistics, doing an inventory of services offered, finding out how many young people know if there’s a safe space on their campus where they can report,' McCaskill said during a news conference after the event."  Read the full article from Claire's 'McCaskill on Main Street' stop yesterday: http://sgfnow.co/PPoag8
NA
Earlier I addressed the FDA's recent pay-to-play allegations and the dangers of Zohydro on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports.  Watch the interview:
Best of luck to the 24 teams playing in the 2014 WVSSAC Boys State Basketball Tournament this week, and to all the players and coaches, I congratulate you on your accomplishments this season.   http://wvmetronews.com/2014/03/17/boys-basketball-state-tournament-schedule/
Sorry #BarackObama, it's #Syracuse all the way! #MarchMadness
EPA should fund project to restore Greece's Braddock Bay which will boost boating/fishing & protect wetlands #NYtownoftheday
Congrats to the Valor24 & thank you Mr. Libman for reminding us that a #Brooklyn friendship never falters. #MedalofHonor 
NA
Bang! News of #BICEP2 discovery confirming #MIT's Alan Guth is an immense step forward in understanding the universe & shows why #STEM matters. With more federal investment in #STEM imagine how many more discoveries like this will happen in this generation 
Seniors are disproportionately targets for fraud and abuse, which has been on the rise in recent years. Today Senator Shaheen hosted her third seniors information session to help raise awareness among seniors and give them the tools to help identify fraud and stop it in its tracks.   Please share with parents, grandparents, and the seniors in your life! 
My thoughts and prayers are with the loved ones of Capt. Steve McKenna of the Salem Fire Department and the entire New Hampshire fire service community who lost a hero and a leader on Tuesday.   Capt. McKenna's years of service helped make the Granite State a safer place and he will not be forgotten.   -JS
Wondering #wahoo I picked to win it all in my bracket? Take a look!
