At University of Maryland Medical Center announcing new program to help domestic violence victims w/ U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, Dutch Ruppersberger & Anthony G. Brown
Submit a photo with your first name, hometown, and photo location to photos@casey.senate.gov. You’ll get the chance to vote on your favorites and we’ll use the one with the most likes as our facebook cover photo.  Please note, photos will be cropped to fit the facebook cover photo dimensions of 851 px by 315 px. Wide, landscape shots best fit these dimensions.  Please submit your photos by August 15th.
Congratulations to Mo'ne Davis and Philadelphia's Taney Dragons as Pennsylvania advances to the #LLWS! 
Senator Coons joined MSNBC's Jonathan Capehart on Sunday to discuss key takeaways from the three-day U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit that brought more than 40 African heads of state to Washington, D.C.
"When you could have said no, Jamie stood up and said count on me, count on me to take care of my town and my friends" - Joe, in his eulogy at the funeral for fallen New Carlisle firefighter Jamie Middlebrook.  Watch Joe's eulogy here: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10152384086976130 
Joined U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz and  U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell at the Quadrennial Energy Review public meeting in Santa Fe to listen to the diverse voices from communities across New Mexico about how best we can benefit from our state's energy resources. Initiatives to help our country develop homegrown resources will produce both jobs and a healthier environment.
Today I met with Canadian Pacific Railway CEO E. Hunter Harrison in Minot to pressure him to make a more concerted effort to address agriculture shipment delays in North Dakota. Last month, I pressed him about how the company has provided far too little information about the status of its delayed agriculture shipments and the efforts to address them, and this meeting followed up on that call. Since the end of June, Canadian Pacific has only had a 5% improvement in reducing its delay ag shipments, and the wait times have actually increased. The company must do better. We need transparency and an open dialogue between North Dakota farmers and Canadian Pacific about what steps are being taken to accommodate the coming harvest and specifics about the extent of delays in North Dakota. Today’s conversation is a start, but there is still much work to be done. http://1.usa.gov/1oEdb7n
Standing Rock, Turtle Mountain and MHA Nation will receive a total of more than $50,000 in federal funds to support their local law enforcement.  Since I was Attorney General, improving the lives of Native families has been one of my top priorities. Supporting local law enforcement and making sure it has resources, training, and the personnel needed to protect Native families, like these funds will do, is an important piece to that puzzle. I will continue to do my part to hold up our trust and treaty obligation and moral responsibility to our Native brothers and sisters. 
Today I toured the new expansion of the North Dakota Heritage Museum in Bismarck to see the great work being done to showcase our state’s unique history. While I was at the museum, I honored long-time State Historical Society of North Dakota Director Merl Paaverud with a framed copy of a speech I gave on the Senate floor thanking him for his more than 30 years of service, and wished him well on his upcoming and well-deserved retirement.
Claire: "As a mother, I grieve for this child and his family. I pray that the wonderful, hardworking, and God-loving people of Ferguson will find peace and patience as we wait for the results of what will be numerous and thorough investigations of what happened. I, like so many other Missourians, will not be satisfied until we have a complete and transparent understanding of all the facts and circumstances that led to this young man’s death."   Full-statement, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/mccaskill-statement-on-ferguson-shooting
We need to make sure that our children are the most educated and well prepared for the global economy.
From the delicious foods to the countless events and activities, there’s something for everyone to enjoy at the West Virginia State Fair, one of our state’s greatest traditions. I encourage all West Virginians to attend the State Fair this week. This is a great opportunity to experience the best of West Virginia’s culture while indulging in good food and fun. During the years, Gayle and I have always enjoyed our many visits to the State Fair, and I hope you and your family and friends will do the same.   http://statefairofwv.com/ 
Sat down with Andrea Mitchell today to discuss the latest developments in Iraq on Andrea Mitchell Reports:  http://www.msnbc.com/andrea-mitchell-reports/watch/iraq-instability-raises-international-concerns-317195843769
NA
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of political analyst and pollster Dotty Lynch:  "Dotty was a trailblazer for women in politics and was one of the most intelligent and hard-working people I've ever known. She loved politics with a passion because she knew campaigns were true vehicles for change and progress in our country. She was also a great friend of mine ever since we first met on Gary Hart's presidential campaign; in fact, she was one of the first people I called when I decided to run for Governor in 1996.  I was so sad to hear of her passing and will miss her dearly. My thoughts are with her entire family and everyone who knew and loved her."   -JS
NA
Now this is the good life!
