I am so pleased that President Obama signed an executive order today protecting this majestic piece of California's coast for future generations to enjoy.
#ICYMI Ben's #Up4Climate speech from earlier today.    “We can leave our children and grandchildren a cleaner planet and a better future. That's what's at stake here, and that's why we've taken this time.” 
Interested in an #internship with Senator Cardin? Time is running out, the deadline to apply for the summer session is March 15. If you’ve ever wanted to get a behind the scenes look at a congressional office, learn unique skills, and meet new people- this is your chance.  Apply now, hope to see you in the summer.
Final prep for #Up4Climate speech. Should be on the floor at ~8am watch here or tune into cspan radio. 
No one is looking to say "I told you so" when it comes to #climatechange. We need to act today (tonight) so we can all enjoy a better tomorrow. #up4climate
Today marks the 3rd anniversary of the accident at Fukushima Daiichi. I’m encouraged by GAO’s new report on our nuclear safety progress since the incident and hope we take GAO’s recommendations to heart to ensure nuclear power around the world continues to be clean AND safe.  
I support all of my colleagues who are demanding that we finally address climate change by staying on the Senate floor all night. I’m with all of you in believing it’s time Congress acted on this critical issue so we can protect our planet for our children and grandchildren. While we debate in Congress, I also support the Obama Administration's actions to address this critical issue.
#ICYMI, Senator Donnelly last night helped pass the bipartisan Victims Protection Act,  which aims to better address the epidemic of sexual assault in the military by expanding reforms to empower survivors of military sexual assault and hold commanders accountable.
Congratulations to Indianapolis resident Josh Kaufman on his successful audition to NBC’s show, “The Voice.” While singing George Michael’s “One More Try,” all four of the show’s coaches turned their chairs for him. You can read more about his performance here.
I spoke on the floor of the Senate about the Intelligence Committee’s 6,300 page CIA Detention and Interrogation study.
My remarks on the Senate floor to help kick off tonight’s #Up4Climate discussion. 
Like and share if you agree that now is the time to tackle climate change. #Up4Climate
Over the last several months, I have repeatedly heard from North Dakotans who have experienced unsatisfactory rail service. Today I met with BNSF CEO Carl Ice again as part of my efforts to continue to make sure North Dakota rail transportation issues are a top priority for BNSF – from safety on the rails to reliable Amtrak service to on time agriculture shipments. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=780a254f-395d-4490-9a2d-6fd05488185f
Senators Johnson and Crapo worked together to craft a strong housing finance reform bill that builds off legislation introduced by a bipartisan group of Senators last spring. And today, we’re taking another giant step forward – also in a bipartisan manner. I have long said that it’s past time that we reform our housing finance system.  We’re now five years out from the financial crisis, and while Congress has worked to address many of the failures that led to that disaster, we have still yet to make needed changes to our country’s mortgage markets. This legislation includes many proposals I pushed for to support North Dakota’s rural and Native American communities, and protect access to the secondary mortgage market for small lenders.  I look forward to continuing to move this bill through the legislative process in the near future so we can shield taxpayers while maintaining the 30-year-fixed-rate mortgage for North Dakotans.  This important effort shows that Congress can compromise and work together to make our nation stronger. 
Today, I proudly joined my Senate colleagues in passing the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, bipartisan legislation to support pediatric research. This bill honors the memory of Gabriella Miller, a courageous young Virginian diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor. I want to thank Gabriella’s family for their inspiring work and determination to help children diagnosed with cancer. Smashing Walnuts 
This week, three members of my staff, Laura Blevins, Gwen Mason and Evan McWalters, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Botetourt County, Lebanon, Clifton Forge, Bristol, Grundy, Lovingston and Crozet. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
NA
WASHINGTON (TUESDAY, March 11, 2014) -- Following the remarks of Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) Tuesday morning on the Senate Floor, revealing that the Central Intelligence Agency secretly collected documents from Senate Intelligence Committee computers, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday took to the Senate Floor in support of Feinstein, calling her speech one of the most important he has ever heard on the Floor.    "She has spoken to our conscience," said Leahy.  "Now, let's stand up for this country.  Let's stand up as United States Senators should, and as the Senator from California has."
This week the Senate is taking up bipartisan legislation I introduced to refresh and reform the Child Care Development Block Grant program - supporting 1.5 million families nationwide including 19,000 in Maryland.  Every working parent with children – no matter their wallet size and no matter their zip code – worries about child care. What’s affordable? What’s accessible? Will my child be safe? What will help prepare my child for school and give them the greatest chance to succeed?   This legislation to refresh and reform the Child Care and Development Block Grant is the result of two years of bipartisan cooperation where we are working to change the tone and change the tide to make real change. Updating this vitally important child care program will help support those who care for our children, give parents peace of mind that their children are safe and receiving quality care, and better prepare our children for the future. It will help keep working parents at work while ensuring children have a safe environment that provides them the skills they need to begin to develop their potential and be better prepared for school. 
On Tuesday, March 11, Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-MD), Richard Burr (R-NC), Tom Harkin (D-IA), and Lamar Alexander (R-TN), along with Margaret Williams of the Maryland Family Network and parent Cathy Rivera, urged Senate passage of the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Act of 2014, a bipartisan reauthorization that will expand access to and improve the quality of child care for the more than 1.5 million children and families that benefit from the federal child care subsidy program. The law has been due for reauthorization since 2002.
This month, my state staff is hosting senior informational sessions around West Virginia. Mark your calendars, and please help notify the seniors in your area.   For details, please visit my website: 1.usa.gov/1ixZchZ
I'm incredibly proud of the West Virginia University Rifle team members and their achievements as Mountaineer athletes. They are excellent representatives of WVU and of our great state.   Yesterday I was pleased to meet with this tremendously talented team while they were in Washington to attend the White House's NCAA Champions Day. Best of luck in the 2014 NCAA Championship.
When I criticized the Koch brothers, they came after me. But that won't stop me from telling the truth. youtu.be/8IHMWNMUGO0
Thanks to all of the Senators, bloggers, activists, and citizens who tuned in last night to our all-night #Up4Climate effort. Together, we sent a message that Congress needs to act on climate change.
The Senate just passed the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, which honors the memory of Gabriella Miller, a young girl from Leesburg who was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor the size of a walnut at age 9. Gabriella was an incredibly courageous Virginian and a national spokesperson for childhood cancer awareness and research, and I can think of no better way to honor her strength and example than by passing this legislation. I am proud to have worked on this bipartisan Virginia effort with Senator Kaine and Rep. Eric Cantor.
