The renewal of the Violence Against Women Act has been a long time coming - too long, considering it expired in 2011. I'm glad that we were finally able to pass this bill and provide much-needed resources and services for organizations serving victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. In addition to helping survivors heal, this bipartisan bill also includes measures that will help reduce our national backlog of rape kits and improve safety for women on college campuses.
Pleased to see this in  Baltimore magazine. Small investments in making Baltimore and other cities more bike friendly pay off huge dividends in many arenas.  
Click the link below to watch the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee joint hearing I'm chairing with Senator Jay Rockefeller, the chairman of the Commerce Committee, on the need for government & industry to work together to protect cyberspace, information, and our country's critical infrastructure.
VAWA, including my Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act, was signed into law today. We have renewed our commitment to supporting all victims of domestic and sexual violence and established new protections for college students.
Senator Coons released a report on increasing U.S. economic engagement with Africa. The report includes concrete recommendations for strengthening America’s trade relationship with sub-Saharan Africa, including a majority of the world’s fastest-growing economies.
Suicide prevention programs and treatment facilities must be ready to help soldiers and veterans who carry more than visible scars. Joe, as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, wants to work with the Department of Defense by promoting awareness of existing mental health programs and developing additional initiatives geared to help members of our armed services receive the treatment they have earned. To seek help, servicemembers, veterans, or anyone struggling with mental health issues can call the Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 800-273-TALK (8255) 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
I'm joining Hardball with Chris Matthews at 5 p.m. ET to talk about John Brennan, the CIA and drones.
Good news: President Obama has signed a new Violence Against Women Act into law, which protects ALL women from domestic violence.
The Senate Judiciary Committee is debating the Assault Weapons Ban and other gun safety legislation today.
As a member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I asked Secretary of Interior nominee Sally Jewell questions during her confirmation hearing today about important issues to New Mexico, including responsible access to public lands, wildlife management, and the Antiquities Act. It was particularly encouraging to observe her keen knowledge of the nexus that exists between conservation and the Western economy.
If you see me smiling today, it is because I am so happy and proud that the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization is signed into law!
Advocated for Warriors of the North-Grand Forks Air Force Base, Minot Air Force Base, and North Dakota National Guard during meeting with U.S.Airforce.
Talked abt North Dakota’s energy relationship with our friendly neighbor to the north Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall
One of Senator Leahy’s photos from the signing ceremony March 7 for enactment of the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act.  In addition to the President’s signature are the signatures of Senator Leahy (as President Pro Tem of the Senate) and House Speaker John Boehner.
This week I met with Melinda Gates of the Gates Foundation and CARE President Helene Gayle to discuss advancements in community health and ensuring access to care for women & girls around world.
NA
“McCaskill, a former Jackson County prosecutor with experience trying difficult sexual assault and rape cases, is making the nation pay attention to a military culture that still is failing women…This isn’t a women’s issue. It’s about justice, and about integrity in the military that represents the nation in war and peace.” - The Kansas City Star  Watch her call for answers at a Senate Armed Services hearing earlier this week: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQa0GZcmkvU&list=UUnarZ9jmNhI-eDcEPBwqMFw&index=1
Great story by McClatchy DC's William Douglas.
Senator Manchin delivers a speech to the Association of Corporate Growth about the sequester and the importance of bipartisanship.
In case you missed it, here is the video of my discussion with Wolf Blitzer on The Situation Room last night. http://bit.ly/13HqQ3c
Discussed economic development and potential impacts of the sequester, which I voted to stop with a balanced package of spending cuts and revenues through closing tax loopholes, with business leaders from across Rhode Island earlier this week.
“The Violence Against Women Act is a proven tool in supporting victims but also social service providers and law enforcement officials who combat the epidemic of domestic violence in America. This legislation will bring much needed services to millions of domestic violence victims across the country.  While I regret that it took us so long to reauthorize this legislation, I’m proud we were able to get this done and I am grateful that the bill is now the law of the land.” - JS
NA
Don't forget! Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours on TONIGHT from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, Berlin and Claremont. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
Click LIKE to join me in telling the Defense Department that medals earned in direct combat - like the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart - should outrank medals earned away from the front lines.
Today I voted for the confirmation of John Brennan to head the CIA because he is a qualified nominee and this position is too important to our national security to remain vacant. While I’m supporting his nomination, I am not satisfied by the administration’s limited disclosure of documents outlining the legal justification for an extraordinary authority – to target and kill American citizens in the course of counterterrorism operations. I first called on the administration to provide Congress with its legal justification in September 2011, and last month, I sent a letter to the president with eleven U.S. senators requesting the release of all legal opinions justifying this authority. The Justice Department recently provided many of these documents to members of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, but I believe all of us in the Senate should be able to review these documents. I will continue to seek access to these legal opinions so that we in the Senate can fulfill our responsibility to conduct rigorous congressional oversight. When there is no oversight, abuses can occur. And I believe that every administration must be held accountable, regardless of which party controls the White House.
While questioning regulators from the Federal Reserve, the Treasury, and the Comptroller of the Currency’s office, Senator Warner today expressed deep concerns about the failure of regulators to effectively stop or punish big banks’ illegal activity.   “There was a statement from the attorney general the other day,” he began, referring to Attorney General Eric Holder’s comments this week that HSBC was ‘too big to jail,' “and I’d like to get some clarification from you… I do not personally believe that it can be the position of the United States Government that any institution should be too large to prosecute.”  (staff)
Great to hear POTUS has signed the Violence Against Women Act into law. This bill will provide crucial resources and protections, and I am proud to have been a cosponsor.
HSBC admitted to laundering $881 million from Mexican and Colombian drug cartels. Today I asked the Treasury Department: How much drug money does a bank have to launder before we consider shutting them down?
