I'd like to express my gratitude for heroes like Rachel Beauchene from La Crosse, WI, who are fighting against military sexual assault. -TB
Today I joined the 3-238th General Support Aviation Battalion of the Delaware Army National Guard as they got ready to deploy to Kuwait. I want to thank them for their service and ask that they come home safe! God Bless.
Today marks 50 years since we lost President John F. Kennedy in Dallas. 
 
 For those who were alive, I want to ask, “Where were you when you heard the news?” I tell my story below. #JFK50
As co-chair of the Senate Recycling Caucus, I strive to be a friend of the environment by not only recycling in my personal life, but also by raising awareness of the economic benefits of recycling, such as the $346 million the industry contributed to our state’s economy in 2009.
NA
Today we remember President John F. Kennedy. Since 2009 I have had the honor of occupying his Senate office.
Barb - Wilkes-Barre - Dallas Township
#GoodNews: General Nutrition Centers announced today it is opening a $25 million distribution center near Whitestown. This is expected to create 225 jobs in Indiana by 2017. Operations are expected to begin in late 2014.
Yesterday, a bill introduced by Senator Joe Donnelly and Senator John Boozman to authorize a National Desert Storm and Desert Shield Memorial was passed by the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.  Donnelly said, “I am pleased that the National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act is one step closer to becoming law.  The men and women who fought in the first Gulf War, including more than 60,000 Hoosiers, deserve to have their bravery and sacrifices honored.”
Today I held a roundtable discussion with USDA Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services Under Secretary Michael T. Scuse and North Dakota agriculture leaders to talk about the record exports and profits being experienced in our state.  Unfortunately, many of the important programs that help our producers export have expired due to the lack of a new, long-term Farm Bill. This is yet another reason why we need to pass a long-term comprehensive Farm Bill.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=dc7da925-c1f2-4109-bb59-56b0c8057ef9
Great to speak with the North Dakota Farmers Union today in Minot.  With the continued help of North Dakota Farmers Union members, we can keep pressuring Members on both sides of the aisle to work together and pass a Farm Bill that gives certainty to our hardworking farmers and ranchers.  I’m working to make sure North Dakota’s voice is heard as negotiations continue, and I won’t quit fighting until the President signs a Farm Bill into law.
Proud to join Senator John McCain to lead the U.S. delegation to the Halifax International Security Forum this weekend. Secretary Hagel began the forum today with a speech outlining the Department of Defense’s new Arctic Strategy, which shows the importance of international relationships as well as a focus on pragmatic steps to tackle the challenge of climate change.
Senator Patrick Leahy’s recollections of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy 50 years ago, spoken on the Senate Floor.
I was at school in Union City, NJ when JFK was shot. The world stopped. It was the end of an era. 
 
 Comment below to reflect on this sad 50th anniversary.
Today I joined local officials to open a new 4.7 mile stretch of Corridor H, from Bismarck to Scherr. Wild & Wonderful West Virginia!
Fifty years after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, America still mourns his loss. For those of us who were inspired by his Presidency, it’s easy to understand why. In a time of indifference, he reawakened this nation to the finest meaning of citizenship – placing public service ahead of private interest.  John Kennedy was in the White House for only one thousand days, not even three years. But his achievements exceeded his years. It’s easy to dismiss his Presidency as one of rhetoric more than results. But to do so ignores the New Frontier he pioneered – a new era of economic growth, space exploration, civil rights advancements, conservation of natural resources, nuclear disarmament and generations of Americans who have made public service a way of life.  John Kennedy’s immortal words, especially those of his Inaugural Address, still call us to action – to think beyond our own self-interests, and to do what is best for our country and the people of the world.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=967dba96-90ff-43fe-a4a5-6258e0e149f8
One of my most honored possessions that I keep in my office is a letter that I received from JFK when I was in college. I admired him so very much.
Presidential Park Elementary School is open! Had a great morning meeting students & listening to Middletown’s young musicians
On the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy’s assassination we should all take a moment to reflect on his legacy.  Like so many in my generation I was very interested in President Kennedy when he got elected it was particularly inspiring to see a national figure engage young people like me so directly.  His call to service appealed to my generation and encouraged my interest in public service. I remember vividly where I was the day President Kennedy was shot – in high school health class.  My classmates and I were shocked and heartbroken.  It was a tremendous loss for our country and the world.  But President Kennedy changed the country for the better and the generation he inspired continues to carry out his ideals.  His legacy and impact lives on to this day.
Good news for Montana veterans: My push to get the VA to allow more Montana heroes a proper burial at Yellowstone County Veterans Cemetery was successful.  Now, more Montana veterans will get the ever-lasting respect they earned.
Today we remember the life and legacy of President John F. Kennedy. A half century after his death, our nation still feels a profound loss. My father served as Secretary of the Interior for President Kennedy and shared many great memories with the president and his family. He also served during a historic time for conservation and the environment, especially in the West, and for civil rights throughout our nation.   Though we look back on this time as an era that ended too soon, I am encouraged to finish the work they started. Today, let us honor President Kennedy's memory by rededicating ourselves to the public good, and carrying out a more functioning government for all Americans.
I was so proud to join Rhode Island Housing and partners today to celebrate the opening of a new affordable housing development in Jamestown. Not only will this unit provide safe, affordable homes for individuals with developmental disabilities, it will also provide residents with the support they need to pursue careers and meaningful lives. Thanks to RI Housing for the great work on this project.
50 years ago today, I remember coming home and watching the news on a small black and white TV, and days later sitting on my father’s shoulders to see President Kennedy's caisson roll by – a black horse with boots backwards in the stirrups frisking behind it.  President Kennedy’s sudden and senseless death was a dark moment in our nation’s history – particularly here in Rhode Island, which he loved dearly and visited frequently.  But his legacy of calling young Americans into the service of this great country shines on through the decades, and his ideals of optimism, courage and equality can guide us still. #JFK
We all are praying for you and your family, Creigh. 
50 years ago today, when JFK was shot, I was aware that something traumatic had occurred, but I was too young to fully grasp the tragedy. However, I was part of that generation which came of age during the 1960s, and I found myself embracing President Kennedy’s challenge to America’s young people to commit to work toward the greater good, both at home and around the world. I’ve always kept the following quote by him in mind while serving as Governor and now Senator: 
 
 “Let us not despair but act. Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past — let us accept our own responsibility for the future.”
