Good jobs report. Congress needs to keep it going by passing a transportation bill.
#TBT to just a year ago, as Rep. Joe Courtney  and I toured Plum Island in Long Island Sound. Then, we introduced a piece of legislation to reverse a mandate requiring the sale of Plum Island which unfortunately never came to a vote—but we’re at it again this year.   Yesterday we gathered again to urge Congress not to sell Plum Island—it’s a priceless natural habitat that must be preserved and protected from development. It is more than just a beautiful, exquisite piece of land, it’s important ecologically.  We cannot let Congress sell this environmental treasure to the highest bidder. Watch and share: http://www.tout.com/m/go7jrl http://j.mp/1t1o8Do
Today is the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act—a comprehensive bill that laid the foundation for racial, gender, and religious equality for all Americans.   Today we remember the generations who fought valiantly for justice and equality, and look forward to the work still remaining to attain true equality in this country. http://j.mp/TPhRL0
Thank you for following me on Facebook. If you use Twitter you can follow me at @SenatorCardin to keep up with what's going on in  United States Senate and across Maryland.
Saddened to hear of the passing of Wayne Curry. He was a force in Prince George's County
As we approach July 4th it’s important to remember that there are far too many children in Pennsylvania and across the country who are hungry. #SummerMeals is a program that can help children get the food they need during the summer months when school is out. Hunger doesn’t take a summer vacation. We need to raise awareness about it so that every child eligible for summer meals can get them.
Know someone interested in an internship in public service? The deadline to apply for Senator Donnelly’s fall internship program in Washington, D.C. is July 12th. The deadline to apply for his Indianapolis internship program is July 25th. Learn more and apply at the link below.
Thanks again to Holly Petraeus from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for joining us earlier this week in Indianapolis to discuss financial protection for servicemembers, veterans, and their families.
“The flag is a reminder of what generations of Americans have fought for and the sacrifices they have made to protect our country. The flag is timeless and endures through times of peace and war.” –Joe on what the American flag means to him before #IndependenceDay2014 
Share this #GoodNews: Two Indianapolis Colts players gave a home makeover to a Hoosier Army veteran to honor his service and thank him for his work with Wish For Our Heroes Inc., an organization dedicated to helping active duty servicemen and women.
Read my op-ed about how on July 4, perhaps more than any other day, we are reminded that with independence comes collective responsibility. For far too long, large segments of our veteran population have been invisible – including many Native American veterans. But we can work to remedy this if we come together in a cooperative spirit and remember that, at the end of the day, our independence is only as strong as our will to fight for those who fought for our freedom. 
Thrilled to have such a hardworking group of interns in my Washington, D.C. and North Dakota offices this summer. Click below to learn more about my summer interns, and how to apply to intern in one of my offices this fall.  
Yesterday, I visited George Mason University’s Prince William Campus to meet with students and faculty and tour the campus’s #CTE facilities. I had a great time learning about GMU programs that allow high school and post-baccalaureate students to earn certificates in scientific fields and gain hands on experience in laboratories.
#TBT To 35 years ago, the day I graduated from the University of Missouri. This week, as I toured the Commonwealth, I spoke to Virginians about the importance of an affordable, quality education. I shared with them the story of how, because I benefitted from dual enrollment as a student, I was able to graduate a year early, alleviating the cost of college for my parents and me. I’m committed to ensuring that students today have the same opportunities that I did when I searched for ways to pay for college.
I am pleased that Target has announced its commitment to prioritize customer safety by asking guests not to bring firearms into Target stores. As I noted in a letter to Target’s CEO last month after a loaded gun was found in the toy aisle of a South Carolina Target store, when policies are not in place to prohibit firearms in stores, everyone is at risk. Target's announcement demonstrates a strong sense of responsibility by its management team, and follows the customer-friendly approach other companies, such as Starbucks and Chipotle, have taken to prohibit firearms in their establishments. The fight against gun violence in our communities isn’t something any one person or organization can take on alone. I applaud Target for the implementation of this policy, and encourage other retailers to follow their example.  I also want to recognize the advocates, consumers, and everyday citizens who pushed Target to ban guns in its stores. These advocates are working tirelessly to encourage Congress and private organizations to take a stand against gun violence, and I’m proud to stand with them every step of the way.
Very cool: Portland makes Top 10 July 4th fireworks displays! 
#TBT to Sunday night when we saw @publictheaterny's Much Ado About Nothing - a must see this summer! #ShakespeareInThePark #ShakesUSA
NA
This afternoon, I had the honor of welcoming 71 new U.S. citizens from 25 nations in a naturalization ceremony in Alexandria. What a great way to kick off Independence Day!
Had a great time yesterday talking about the #DATAact with the Virginia Coalition for Open Government. Transparency is critical to accountability. 
