The Ammunition Background Check Act of 2013 is a common sense step towards reducing gun violence in America. Here are just a few statistics that will drive home why the Ammunition Background Check Act of 2013 is needed. Share if you agree!
 
 o According to the FBI, over the last decade, over 100 million background checks have been run on firearms purchases.
 
 o The vast majority of checks took about 30 seconds.
 
 o Less than one percent of the checks resulted in a denial.
 
 o But that still meant that 700,000 people that under the law were prohibited from purchasing guns – including felons, domestic abusers, and the mentally ill -- were blocked from those purchases.
 
 Learn more about the Ammunition Background Check Act of 2013 here: http://blumenthal.senate.gov/ammunition-background-check-act-of-2013
--  U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today toured areas impacted by Hurricane Sandy and visited the Disaster Recovery Center to see first-hand how recovery efforts are proceeding.  In December, U.S. Senators Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski and Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley appealed to the Obama Administration to reverse its original denial of Individual Assistance.   On December 15, President Obama reversed the original denial and designated Somerset County as a Major Disaster Area, eligible for Individual Assistance.  The Individual Assistance designation enabled the state to apply for the Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (D-SNAP). The MD Department of Human Resources estimates that 1,400 households in Somerset County are eligible for D-SNAP  Somerset County and the City of Crisfield were particularly hard hit by Hurricane Sandy.   Crisfield, the most economically disadvantaged city in Somerset County, suffered the most devastation from the hurricane.  A total of 585 homes were affected by the storm, including 71 homes that suffered major damage.  More than 100 Crisfield residents were displaced when the city was covered by 5 feet of water.  Additionally, more than 50 businesses were seriously impacted by what has been dubbed as “Super Storm Sandy.”     “Somerset County residents have been deeply affected by Hurricane Sandy, and the D-SNAP program is an important benefit of the Individual Assistance designation that is providing residents with temporary food assistance while they get back on their feet,” said Senator Ben Cardin. “I am here today because I want the people of Crisfield and Somerset County to know that I stand with them as they recover from the devastation of Sandy, and I am committed to doing all I can to ensure that assistance and recovery efforts go as smoothly as possible.”
I look forward to a fair and open confirmation process, during which we can fully examine Mr. Lew’s extensive experience in finding thoughtful and appropriate solutions for our fiscal challenges.
Ben- In case you missed it here's an interview from MPT in which we discuss the budget, the debt, the deficit, the filibuster, healthcare Senator Hagel and much more. Take a look
Talking with Dave Williams on PA Farm Country Radio.
Friends, do you follow Joe on Twitter? Follow @SenDonnelly today and catch the latest news coming from Joe and his office. #FollowJoe
I commend Governor Andrew Cuomo for proposing an assault weapons bill to fight gun violence in New York.   He is right: “enough is enough.”
Another tragic shooting today at Taft Union High School in Taft, California—my father’s high school.   My thoughts and prayers are with the victims.
Read why House Republicans must take action now to help Sandy victims recover and rebuild in this USA Today op-ed from myself and Senators Lautenberg, Schumer and Gillibrand: http://usat.ly/UBHbym
Senator Shaheen joined Andrea Mitchell Reports on MSNBC today to discuss New Hampshire's historic all-female delegation and other current events. Click below to watch.
Senator Shaheen will be appearing live on MSNBC at 1 p.m. with Andrea Mitchell to talk about the historic number of women in Congress. Don't forget to tune in!
NA
Today we also celebrate the conclusion of our bipartisan effort to improve the health and well-being of our veterans. Thanks to the strong advocacy of Jessey and Maria Baca of New Mexico, our burn pits registry bill has now been signed into law by the President.
Good news - Katie's Law has been signed by the President and will help other states take New Mexico's lead on criminal justice efforts. It's a great day for Katie's parents, who have dedicated their lives to making sure their daughter's murder resulted in meaningful action.
According to the latest job numbers, the Santa Fe area recorded 13 consecutive months of job growth, and New Mexico's statewide unemployment rate has dropped from 7.1 percent to 6.2 this year, below the national unemployment rate of 7.7. We still have a lot more to do, but this is a positive sign as we work to grow jobs across the state.
Did you know New Mexico's own Bicycle Technologies International is one of the largest bike part distributors in the US? Andrew and Preston are doing great work and I'm glad to see their operation grow. BTI is another example of a successful small business that will keep moving New Mexico's economy forward.
We believe the Commonwealth is an ideal location for the FBI and will continue working together to advocate for FBI relocation to Virginia.
NA
