It was great to visit with University of Wisconsin-Madison faculty Tuesday! Investing in our world-class research efforts is critical to our future. -TB
I got my flu shot today. Have you received yours yet? Approximately 5-20% of U.S. residents get the flu each year. 
 
 Find out more, including where you can get your shot at http://www.flu.gov/.
We must make sure that the MALSR system is repaired so that the airport can continue spurring economic growth in the region. If the system isn’t repaired soon, many carriers may choose to cancel flights to the airport, which will harm the regional economy. I urge the FAA to prioritize funding for this system, so the airport can continue to grow and create jobs.
When it comes to fixing our nation’s immigration system, the Senate has shown that compromise and bipartisanship are possible. Despite our differences, this is an issue on which both parties can come together and find common ground. I urge the House of Representatives to finish the job of fixing our broken immigration system. As the son of an immigrant, I understand how important reform is for hard-working families in New Mexico and across the country.
Prescription drug abuse is a rapidly growing problem in North Dakota and across the country. Safely dispose of your drugs during Drug Take-Back Day on Saturday, October 26 from 10:00am - 2:00pm. With 56% of prescription drugs obtained through a friend or relative, Drug Take-Back Day is all the more important to make sure North Dakotans’ drugs are properly thrown out. Find a disposal location near you:
Congratulations to Horace Mann Roosevelt Elementary School Principal, Kim Colwell, on his deserving recognition as one of the top principals in the nation.  His years of dedication to North Dakota schools and selfless pursuit of excellence is truly inspiring.
Along with NASA Administrator Bolden, I visited NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt to welcome back federal employees who had been furloughed through no fault of their own and continue to face the detrimental impacts of sequester.   NASA Goddard is home to leaders in Maryland’s space and innovation economies, making discoveries that not only win Nobel Prizes, but create new products and jobs. It’s time for Congress to do its job and keep hardworking federal employees on the job.
Stopped off at Salsa while meeting w local small business owners in New Milford
Hearing that one of the best things abt AccessHealthCT is the strong support team. These ppl just signed up in Hartford
While last night’s game might not have gone how we wanted it to for the St. Louis Cardinals, our office is ready for Game 2!  Thanks to Emma in our front office for turning a pumpkin into our own Fredbird. Hoping it brings good luck. Go Cardinals!
After years of fighting in the U.S. Senate to help curb the prescription drug abuse epidemic, I am pleased to announce a tremendous step forward.  Today, the FDA has officially recommended that HHS reschedule hydrocodone from a Schedule III to a Schedule II controlled substance.   Rescheduling hydrocodone from a Schedule III to a Schedule II drug will help prevent these highly addictive drugs from getting into the wrong hands.  I'm extremely grateful that the FDA has finally implemented its own advisory committee’s recommendations to reclassify these addictive drugs. The agency has just saved hundreds of thousands of lives.  Visit my website for more information and SHARE this with your friends and family.   http://1.usa.gov/17hCTIh
I humbly express my deepest appreciation to the Washington Coal Club and all of its members for honoring me with the 2013 Annual Achievement award. I'm proud to join the many other West Virginians who have received this award. The Washington Coal Club is vital to the future of coal production and it is a pleasure to be able to work with the Club so closely on fighting for our coal heritage, our coal industry and our hardworking coal miners.
This is outstanding news for our state. Let's continue to improve for the future of West Virginia's students.
ICYMI: Last night I went on the record with Bill O'Reilly about the need delay the Affordable Care Act’s “individual mandate” penalty provision by one year.   Watch it here:
I will be on Talkline with Hoppy Kercheval around 10:06 a.m. this morning to discuss the need to delay the Affordable Care Act’s “individual mandate” penalty provision by one year.   Tune in. http://wvmetronews.com/shows/talkline/
It's Domestic Violence Awareness Month, and today I toured the The Friendship Center in Helena.  The Friendship Center does important work providing safe shelter and support for survivors of domestic and sexual violence.
Great conversation with the staff at the Catron County Medical Clinic in Reserve. Community health clinics like these are so important to preserving the quality of life in rural New Mexico, and I am committed to doing everything I can to support their work, whether it's recruiting more primary care providers or expanding telehealth opportunities so rural residents can get the care they need closer to home. Dr. Nebblett, Administrator Estrada and their team are doing great things for small communities all over southwestern New Mexico and we must ensure they have the resources to maintain and expand their work.
Very glad to see all the progress being made at Silver City's Vistas de Plata affordable housing complex - and that federal support I helped secure is making a real difference for working families in New Mexico. They are making their new homes on the rightfully named "Camino de Sueños." I'm thankful for local officials, Habitat Humanity and USDA Rural Development staff for helping making it a reality.
This week, I met with some impressive students at New Mexico Tech to talk about the importance of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education for our state's economic future. It was inspiring to see these N.M. students excited about math and science and to visit their freshman engineering lab for a hands-on demonstration. I'm proud to work with N.M. Tech and to support resources to increase the number of STEM grads in New Mexico. Math, science and engineering skills are critical for well-paying, high-tech jobs of the future.
I'm glad to say that today the U.S. Department of the Interior announced that Rhode Island will receive several million dollars in new federal funds for restoration and research projects related to Hurricane Sandy This funding will strengthen the natural defenses our coasts provide and make our communities more resilient against future storms – an important priority as climate change continues to cause rising sea levels that put homes and businesses at risk. http://1.usa.gov/Hkd65u
I was proud to announce a $150,000 federal grant for the Rhode Island Department of Public Safety to reduce gun and gang violence in Providence. This grant will help law enforcement officials reduce crime in the city, and will help keep Providence families safe.  #gunsense
Best of luck to the Boston Red Sox tonight as they kick off the World Series! #WinToday
