This is our best chance in 20 years to fix our broken immigration system.
The Violence Against Women's Act would provide victims of sexual assault and domestic violence with much-needed resources as they grapple with the difficult work of transitioning from crisis to stability. Congress should reauthorize it. Saving the lives of victims should be above politics. LIKE and share this photo if you agree.
Ben- Its time to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).The Violence Against Women Act has a proven track record of protecting women from domestic violence and it is hard to understand opposition to legislation with the goal of curbing domestic violence.  Saving women’s lives should not be a partisan issue.
What a great moment for Wilmington's Eastside community as Sen. Coons, Congressman Carney, Rosa Rivera, Nancy Scott, Leslie Newman, Freeman Williams, Dr. Case, Hanifa Shabazz and I cut the ribbon to open the new Henrietta Johnson Medical Center on 7th and Lombard. This federally-qualified health center will provide adult and pediatric health care to the Eastside community and surrounding areas.
Senator Coons will host his second annual Opportunity: Africa Conference to give Delawareans a seat at the table with some of the nation’s leading voices on sustainable development and trade with Africa next Monday, Feb. 11 at Delaware State University from 8:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. Click on the link to learn more and to RSVP!
Here’s a good Super Bowl ad. During his “I Work for You” tour, Joe visited @Cummins where on the shop floor, they make the engines for the Dodge Ram. At the end of the visit, Joe offered to help, but they told him that they’d pass. Share this with your friends if you enjoyed this commercial too.
Today, Rosa Parks would have turned 100. We honor her commitment to civil rights as she will forever be remembered as a leader for equality and better opportunities for all Americans. Share this post with your friends, and let’s continue to support her legacy as we celebrate Black History Month.
There’s still more work to do, but here’s another sign of our economic recovery. On Friday, GM released its best sales numbers since 2008. With 194,699 vehicles sold, production is up 16 percent from last year, and more American workers are creating great American products. As your senator, Joe will continue to advocate for good opportunities back in the Hoosier State. If you like this good news, share it with your friends here on Facebook.
Just voted to move the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act forward. The bill includes special provisions to improve the protection of women in Indian Country.
Held a great meeting with my Ag Advisory Committee today in Bismarck. Going to use the input to continue to push for a farm bill on the Senate Ag Committee.
Congrats to Tommy Mikkelson of Grand Forks. He won gold for Team USA. Way to go, Tommy!
Met with defense contractors in Arlington to discuss our nation’s fiscal challenges and how sequestration and budget uncertainty would impact the defense industry and Northern Virginia’s economy.
Three cheers for the Baltimore Ravens who have brought the Lombardi Trophy back to Baltimore! They won the AFC Championship and now they have taken the Super Bowl.  Baltimore is a world-class city with world-class fans. We had the momentum going in and our Ravens stomped all over the 49ers! Today’s win is a fitting tribute to the career of Ray Lewis. The Ravens are flying high and I look forward to welcoming them back to Baltimore to celebrate their victory!
The facts on domestic abuse against women are overwhelming and unacceptable. Renewing the Violence Against Women Act will help those who’ve been victims and better protect our families and communities.
 
 The Violence Against Women Act expired in 2011, and has been stalled in the U.S. House for months. In that time alone, 16 million women have reported incidents of domestic abuse. Join Claire in urging the House to follow the Senate’s lead this week, and pass #VAWA to ensure the protection of women, children and families across the country.
Honored to present the World War II Victory Medal to Ms. Euphemia Ellen Fagan Nichols of Coventry, who served in the U.S. Navy Reserve as a Storekeeper (Disbursing) Second Class from 1942 to 1945. http://bit.ly/12nsQNA
More than a third of women in this country have been victims of violence, sexual assault or stalking by a partner. It is in our power to help them and it is unthinkable that Republicans in the House would prevent us from taking action. This week, the Senate will pass a strong, bipartisan reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) which will help law enforcement continue to develop effective strategies to prosecute cases involving violent crimes against women. I hope the Senate’s action will send a strong message to House Republican leaders that further delay is unacceptable.
Senator Shaheen (D-NH) released the following statement this afternoon as the Senate began consideration of the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act (VAWA):   "Reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act and providing critical services to victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence is a top priority of mine. Since 2011, there have been roughly 16 million reported incidents of domestic violence in the United States and all of us share an obligation to stop the epidemic. VAWA is a proven tool in supporting victims, social service providers and law enforcement officials and I’m hopeful that we can deliver this legislation to the President for his signature as quickly as possible. This is a serious issue and we can’t afford the consequences of inaction.” - JS
Senator Shaheen sent a letter today with Senator Susan Collins of Maine calling on Senate Leadership to act to avoid the automatic defense cuts required under sequestration. Shaheen and Collins highlighted the severe ramifications these cuts would have on United States defense facilities, including the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard.
Today the Senate will vote on the motion to proceed with the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), which protects the millions of victims of domestic abuse. Senator Shaheen has been a fierce advocate for women and children and is working with her Congressional colleagues to make sure VAWA passes. Share and click LIKE if you agree.
NA
Our military heroes fought courageously for our nation, and no one should profit from lying about military service.  That's why today I introduced the Stolen Valor Act that honors the sacrifices of our heroes and the principles of our Constitution.
A parent burying a child is, in my opinion, the most painful experience a family can go through.  My bill, the Parental Bereavement Act, will give parents more time to grieve without fear of losing their jobs.
NA
VAWA, the bill that reduced domestic violence by more than 60%, expired in 2011. We can’t let it lapse any longer.
Met with Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley about Casa Myrna's SafeLink, the 24/7 Massachusetts domestic violence hotline. I'm proud to cosponsor a bill to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. We can't leave victims without the support they desperately need.
