In the two years since the Sandy Hook tragedy and thousands of other tragedies as a result of gun violence, the Senate has failed to pass any sensible gun safety measure.   The community of Newtown has asked those who wish to honor the memory of Sandy Hook victims to do so with acts of kindness. The greatest act of kindness would be to finally pass comprehensive measures to stem the scourge of gun violence in our communities. We will not give up that fight.   But this week, let’s all join together and each engage in an act of community service in remembrance of those lost. Share your own acts with me, Elizabeth Esty, and Newtown Action Alliance on Facebook or Twitter using #HonorWithAction.  Today, we read with kids at New Britain-Berlin YMCA, and it was an absolute joy.
I had the great honor of attending the lighting of the Old Saybrook Heroes Tree this weekend. The tree is a dedication to all those who have served in our armed services: decorated with gold stars for the deceased, silver for injured, and blue for those currently serving, it is an important symbol for this community and for our state. http://j.mp/1w5DDdn
Sending my most heartfelt condolences to all those affected by #TyphoonRuby/Hagupit in the #Philippines. #RubyPH
Today I was joined by Julian Castro of The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Dutch Ruppersberger and Stephanie Rawlings-Blake at The Baltimore Station to announce federal funding to help end #veteran homelessness.   This funding is a positive step toward ensuring that all of our veterans are off the streets and receive the proper training they need to re-enter the civilian work force.   Those who fought to defend this nation should not have to fight for a roof over their head when they return
NA
Honored to join @corybooker at his #hourofcode event. Glad to have his support on the Computer Science Education and Jobs Act!
Putting more emphasis on computer science in the classrooms will help students compete for the next generation of jobs. I’m hopeful that in the coming year Congress will move forward on this bipartisan legislation so that learning how to code isn’t a once a year event but a consistent part of what students do throughout the year.
Kicking off an ‘hour of code’ at Easton Area High School. I'm also pushing for passage of my bipartisan Computer Science Jobs and Education Act.
Tomorrow, I’ll chair an important Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights hearing on the #StateOfCivilRights & #humanrights in the United States. You can stream it live starting at 2:30pm ET / 1:30pm CT here http://www.c-span.org/
Read this piece from the Huffington Post on the truths behind worldwide access to water, sanitation, and why Congress should pass the Water For The World Act:   http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-schechtman/four-truths-about-water-a_b_6277798.html
#ICYMI: A Newburgh Airman gave his little sister a special surprise at Sharon Elementary School last week.
Always heartwarming to see how much good Toys for Tots does for Hoosier children around Christmas. -Joe
Computer Science Education week is about equipping our students to compete for the jobs of the future. Try an #hourofcode with your family.
My staff will be helping residents with issues involving federal agencies today from 11 a.m. to 12 p.m. in Lordsburg and 1 to 3 p.m. in Silver City.
Kicked off a two-day conference with NDSU and Senator Hoeven to discuss ways to improve the transportation system for agriculture products -- as backlogs on the rails have had crippling effects on farmers, grain elevators, and so many more in North Dakota and across the Northern Plains. The reason we put together this conference was to enable top officials, producers, elevators, and the agriculture industry to take a serious look at the challenges of how we’re transporting agriculture products in the region today and how we can improve our methods in the future to prevent backlogs. I’ve been working closely with the U.S. Surface Transportation Board since the spring to help address these issues and will continue to work with the agency so farmers and producers have the certainty and conditions they need to do their jobs and help feed families around the world.http://1.usa.gov/1wSX62B
Watch my discussion with Chris Cuomo on New Day on upcoming hearing and committee vote to authorize the mission against ISIL.
WASHINGTON (Monday, December 8, 2014) -- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Senator John Cornyn (R-Texas) hailed the Senate’s passage late Monday of historic legislation that strengthens the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), the nation’s premier open government law.  The FOIA Improvement Act of 2014, which was approved unanimously by the Judiciary Committee last month, requires Federal agencies to operate under a “presumption of openness” when considering the release of government information under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).  This is the same language the President laid out in his historic memorandum in 2009, and which is already being followed by government agencies.  The Leahy-Cornyn bill would make this presumption a permanent fixture in FOIA.  The legislation would not require the disclosure of information that is prohibited from being released, such as classified information.
I'm honored to be recognized by the Girl Scouts as a leader in Congress fighting on behalf of women & girls. As a Girl Scout, I know firsthand the important role they play in teaching leadership & community service to generations of girls. I enjoyed speaking with Marylander and Girl Scout Likhitha about the lessons I’ve learned from being part of the Girl Scouts.
As we begin the debate in the Senate on whether or not to authorize military action against the Islamic State and the Levant (ISIL), I wanted to share some important news from the region with you.   Earlier this month, the World Food Program announced it was suspending food benefits for over one million Syrian refugees who have fled to other countries.   We are a generous nation and so not surprisingly, we are the largest single donor to the World Food Program. But upon hearing news of this funding crisis, the response from our government was that America has done its part and it is up to our partners to step up to fill the gap.   And other countries certainly should.   But there is a double standard within our foreign policy. When it comes to the military campaign we’ve undertaken against ISIL, America doesn't just do “just our part.” We allocate everything it takes to carry out our military objective.   But when it comes to humanitarian relief, we only do part of the job, and rely on others to pick up the difference.  Why?  It certainly can't be because it's in our national security interest - many of the hungry Syrians who will now go without World Food Program assistance will turn to ISIL for food, cash, or protection.  Failing to invest in humanitarian programs can be just as dangerous to U.S. national security as failing to invest in military operations.   I spoke about this issue in-depth last week during a virtual roundtable with MoveOn members. I hope you’ll watch the two minute video on the topic and share it with friends as we debate this issue in the Senate.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pzgIJXPjO8
My first two years as a U.S. Senator have been full of both challenges and proud moments. As I look forward to the years ahead I promise to keep fighting for Connecticut, to keep working hard, and to always keep riding the bus.
To mark the anniversary of the attacks at Pearl Harbor, my state staff attended the National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day Ceremony this weekend in Charleston and honored survivor Wetzel Sanders. To read his story of that fateful December morning, click here: http://bit.ly/1s4issK
This week, students at more than 170 events in New Mexico will participate in the second annual Hour of Code. During Computer Science Education Week, which kicks off today, Code.org is aiming for 100 million students worldwide to complete an hour of code. Computer Science helps students learn creativity and problem solving, and is an increasingly valuable skill in today’s job market. However, the number of schools offering computer science classes has declined over the past decade. Visit hourofcode.com to participate, or learn how to bring an hour of code to your school or community. Fill me in below in the comments section on what you coded this week if your school is participating!
Had the pleasure of joining almost 200 families over the weekend to deliver presents to military children in Hampton. The toy drive, Toys for Military Kids, was hosted by Operation Homefront, a Virginia-based veteran's non-profit that provides emergency financial assistance to families of our service members and wounded warriors. Thank you Operation Homefront for all that you do for our military families: they serve and sacrifice for our country, too.
