Today, I spoke out against the Republicans’ relentless attacks on the Affordable Care Act. Watch my floor speech:
I'm very proud to have joined Judy Chu, Senator Tammy Baldwin, Senator Barbara Boxer, Representative Marcia L. Fudge, & Rep. Lois Frankel to announce the Women's Health Protection Act.  Learn more about the bill here: http://1.usa.gov/I1kCCG  Watch the announcement here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fSwlG22SlY
***BREAKING***-  Cardin Hails SFRC Passage Of New Transparency Measures For U.S. Foreign Aid  WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), a member of the Senate #Foreign Relations Committee, praised committee passage of  his bill, S. 1271, the Foreign Aid #Transparency and #Accountability Act of 2013. Introduced with Senator Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), this legislation requires regular evaluations of foreign assistance programs to be made publicly available to the American people.     “Foreign aid makes up approximately one percent of the federal #budget but this small investment has the power to radically transform lives,” said Senator Cardin. “The Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act will allow American citizens to better understand our foreign assistance efforts and ensure that every dollar of our scarce foreign assistance dollars is used in the most effective and efficient way possible.”      The Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2013 directs the President to establish goals, performance, and evaluation guidelines for U.S. foreign assistance programs, country assistance plans, and international and multilateral assistance programs. It builds upon previous efforts by including specific measurement guidelines from the Government Accountability Office and the American Evaluation Association.  The bill requires federal agencies administering #foreignaid to regularly monitor and evaluate these programs against specific metrics, as well as to publish the results of these evaluations online. If enacted, the bill would give federal agencies up to two years to fully comply with a mandate to post semi-annual reports on their management of any foreign aid funds. It also mandates biennial reports from the GAO on the different agencies’ implementation of the bill. The bill also recommends that Congress take into account these reports when appropriating funds for federal agencies administering foreign aid programs.
On 9/11/01, our country’s sense of security was upended when Al-Qaeda launched the most significant attack on U.S. soil since Pearl Harbor. In the years since that tragic day, we have made significant progress in combating the terrorist threat to the homeland.   One of my guiding principles is—if it’s not perfect, make it better. Part of this process means understanding that the threat is also evolving. If we are to make America safer from these threats – and secure the homeland – we must do a better job of anticipating these evolving threats.  Watch my statement from today’s hearing here: http://youtu.be/L0ry4H-1iSQ
I was proud to host Ellen Saracini and the Air Line Pilots Association, International yesterday to talk about the importance of cockpit security.  Installing secondary barriers on commercial airplanes is a cost-effective way to increase passenger safety and deter terrorism.  Ellen Saracini is the wife of the late Capt. Victor Saracini, who was the pilot of UA 175 that crashed into the World Trade Center on 9/11.
"Our country needs to be investing more in its infrastructure, not less. The bipartisan BRIDGE Act is an innovative approach to getting the funding we need to sustain and strengthen America's critical infrastructure." http://1.usa.gov/17wDFAU
“While short-term unemployment has come back down, long-term unemployment remains very high and is persistent — and worryingly so, both in terms of the human cost, and the long-term cost for our economy."
Today, Senator Joe Donnelly met John Jacobson, Dean of Ball State University Teachers College.
“The problems with the website and canceled plans are unacceptable. That is why I am sponsoring legislation that would allow individuals to keep their current health plans." -Joe
#GoodNews: Eli Lilly and Company announced today it is investing $700 million in insulin production, in Indianapolis and around the world.  Insulin is a leading treatment for diabetes.  Today is World Diabetes Day.
Talked to CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning on today's Senate Banking Committee hearing on Janet Yellen’s nomination to chair the Federal Reserve. She is extremely qualified for the position, and I hope that under Dr. Yellen's leadership, in addition to supporting job growth generally, the Federal Reserve will work to address the uneven recovery and income inequality in America.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b83ddbfa-40a8-4199-9311-16442ec54615
After I brought the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy Director to North Dakota in July to see firsthand the drug abuse challenges facing the western part of the state, the Administration announced it will take three critical steps to help address it. This includes making Williams County eligible to receive more federal funding to combat drug problems.
The week beginning November 18, 2013 has been designated as National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week, after a bipartisan resolution I proposed with Senator Hoeven unanimously passed the Senate.  Tribal colleges and universities provide crucial higher education opportunities to Native Americans, preparing them to succeed in wide-range of careers. Next week will be an excellent opportunity for us to raise awareness about the value of these institutions and how they can help so many Native Americans grow and succeed.
Tune in the CNBC’s Squawk Box tomorrow morning at 8:00am ET. I’ll be discussing the Senate Banking Committee hearing occurring later tomorrow morning about Janet Yellen’s nomination to chair the Federal Reserve.
I’m proud to introduce the SERVE Act with Senator Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) today. Senator Chambliss was also an original co-sponsor of my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, making this the second bill we’ve introduced together to address the low graduation rate and high unemployment among veterans – especially young veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, which remains higher than the national average.
In case you missed it, House Speaker Boehner yesterday said he’s not going to work with the Senate on comprehensive immigration reform. Even though we sent him a broad, bipartisan proposal six months ago that would pass the House if brought up for a vote today.
 
 That’s insulting to the majority of Americans who want to see our broken immigration system fixed once and for all! 
 
 You can check out my full comments on this here: http://1.usa.gov/17TXH9a
Today I met with Weather Channel Meteorologist Jim Cantore and presented him with an official Senate umbrella so he’s high & dry from severe weather! We discussed the need for Maryland families to have an action plan in place so they’re prepared for all kinds of severe weather. 
 
 In Maryland when severe weather strikes, we’re all in it together. Be prepared & have a plan in place today! http://www.connectwithweather.com/
The policy matters. Claire explains why, here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KE7o1jp_Hc&feature=c4-overview&list=UUnarZ9jmNhI-eDcEPBwqMFw
Congratulations to our two winners of Claire's "Autumn Across Missouri" cover photo contest! Each of their photos will be featured as the page's cover photo for a month at a time.   Thank you everyone for your participation and for highlighting Missouri's beautiful fall scenery.
ICYMI: This afternoon I talked with CNN's Jake Tapper about the troubled A.C.A. roll out and finding a fix.   Watch it here:
With our state’s continued development of natural gas drilling, I am extremely pleased that Governor Tomblin has announced that the Brazilian company, Odebrecht, is interested in exploring the development of a new petrochemical complex in Wood County. After years of our local and state leaders working together with energy companies worldwide, this is a textbook example of how a public-private partnership can strengthen not only West Virginia, but also the entire Mid-Ohio Valley region. Today’s announcement is further proof that our collaborative efforts – among every West Virginia economic stakeholder – are continuing to restore confidence in the hearts and minds of West Virginians and the business community that the Mountain State is indeed a great place to do business.  I thank Governor Tomblin, Odebrecht and all the parties involved in making this deal possible, especially since it will create thousands of good-paying jobs in the construction, energy and manufacturing sectors, while keeping us strong and competitive. As plans develop and work on this venture continues, I stand ready to assist in any way that I can while also making sure this Administration and the EPA work as our partner and not as our adversary.
The facts are plain and simple: we are going to continue depending on coal for many more decades to come. 
 
 We need a diverse energy portfolio – a true “all-of-the-above” mix of natural gas, nuclear, renewables, oil and coal.  Unfortunately, the EPA has chosen a regulatory path devoid of common sense that will take us way off course from a future of abundant, affordable, clean energy. My legislation with Rep. Whitfield tries to get the EPA back on track, but in a way that does nothing to prevent the EPA from acting in a reasonable, rational way.
 
 RT and SHARE this if you agree. We can not just stand by and do nothing and let the EPA eliminate coal from our energy mix.
Today marks the 43rd anniversary of 1970 Marshall University plane crash. To the entire Marshall community, thank you for your never-ending resilience. We will never forget. #WeAreMarshall
This morning I went over to the House and testified at the Energy and Power Subcommittee. I discussed the legislation I'm co-sponsoring with Chairman Ed Whitfield that will protect America’s access to reliable and affordable electricity.  ICYMI: Read the op-ed I wrote with Rep. Whitfield on protecting an "all-of-the-above" energy strategy.
Today we saw a clear contrast: Democrats are working to fix and improve the Affordable Care Act, while Republicans still want to go back to the days when insurance companies could deny people coverage for pre-existing conditions.   The fix proposed by President Obama today is an important step towards addressing a problem that has arisen and if we need to do more, we will.   Republicans should stop listening to the extremist voices in their party who only want to repeal the benefits of the Affordable Care Act. Whenever Republicans decide to stop rooting for failure, roll up their sleeves and get to work, we stand ready and willing to work with them and find common ground.
Speaker Boehner keeps saying they won’t take up our bipartisan bill that addresses comprehensive immigration reform.  The only legislation he’s been willing to do over there is -- hard for me to comprehend -- Steve King’s from Iowa. They voted on it and passed it to deport the DREAMers. But yet, they won't vote on measures to improve the lives of millions of people.
Senator Schatz spoke on the Senate floor today to introduce a resolution expressing the United States Senate’s support for the Philippines and the victims of Typhoon Yolanda and to ask viewers to consider helping the relief effort by making a donation to one of the local Hawai‘i or national organizations working to help the Philippines.  Senators Menendez, Durbin, Cardin, Rubio, Hirono, Tom Udall, Boxer, and Begich are co-sponsoring Schatz’s resolution, which will be considered by the Foreign Relations Committee tomorrow.  “The Philippines is a resilient nation and a true American ally, and they need our help.  Please donate,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.
Today, I gave my 50th weekly speech on climate change. Why do I give these weekly speeches?  Because climate change is real, it's happening, and we cannot let polluter-funded lies go unanswered.  I hope you'll take a moment to watch today's speech and click the LIKE and SHARE buttons if you agree that Congress cannot continue to ignore climate change.
Proud to lead a group of ten Senators today in introducing the bipartisan BRIDGE Act, which establishes a new infrastructure financing authority to help states and localities better leverage private funds to build and maintain the nation’s outdated infrastructure. The BRIDGE Act will not only put Virginians and Americans back to work but also help to expand U.S. commerce and trade, keeping American businesses competitive and creating even more jobs here at home.
