Help us name the new U.S. Patent Office in Colorado. For two weeks, we're crowdsourcing, or COLORADOsourcing suggestions for a name. Tell us who your favorite Colorado innovator is and why we should name the new patent office after them. Or, if you have an idea for a name that isn't a person, we're all ears! You can also vote on your favorite ideas.
“#Racial profiling is simply wrong. It doesn’t work, it wastes valuable resources and diminishes the willingness of targeted communities from trusting and working with police when the need is real,” said #Senator #Cardin. “We need a uniform definition of racial profiling so that law enforcement can concentrate on investigating real crimes and real leads, and men and women across the country can feel secure that they are not being pulled over or harassed by law enforcement solely based on their race, religion, national origin, or ethnicity. The vast majority of law enforcement officials, who put their lives on the line every day, work with professionalism, diligence, and fidelity to the rule of law. But racial profiling is legal in far too many states and we need to end this bad policy now.”     #Racialprofiling is defined in a standard, consistent definition as the practice of a law enforcement agent relying on #race, #ethnicity, #religion, or #national origin as a factor in their investigations and activities. The legislation creates an exception for the use of these factors where there is trustworthy information, relevant to the locality and time frame, which links persons of a particular race, ethnicity, or national origin to an identified incident or scheme.
Earlier this week, I had the privilege to say a few words at the ribbon cutting for the U.S. Coast Guard’s first permanent headquarters at the St. Elizabeth’s complex in Anacostia. Although we are not there yet, I am hopeful that all the components of the Department of Homeland Security team will one day call St. Elizabeth’s home. Yesterday was an important step forward in this process.
Attention all vets looking for employment...
In case you missed it: A new survey of Elkhart area businesses shows increased optimism about the economy.  #GoodNews
Asking Defense Secretary Hagel to transfer excess military planes to the Forest Service to fight wildfires.
Important step forward yesterday on nuclear waste legislation. This bill creates a comprehensive policy for safe storage and disposal of radioactive waste.
Despite these real threats that our intelligence programs seek to thwart, I intend to work with members of the Senate intelligence and judiciary committees to consider changes to the NSA call-records program in an effort to increase transparency and improve privacy protections.
We are one step closer to opening the gates of the first urban national wildlife refuge in the Southwest to the public. This is exciting news, and the result of years of hard work and collaboration to bring this project to fruition. Too many kids spend more time in front of the television than they do outdoors. This new wildlife refuge is our opportunity to change that. The Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge will help New Mexico kids discover the incredible natural heritage of our state right in their backyard, while supporting river and habitat conservation and enhancing our thriving outdoor recreation economy.
My top priorities for the Bases and Station are to support military families, while bringing good paying jobs to the local economy. Proud to announce that Grand Forks Air Force Base, Minot Air Force Base, and Cavalier Air Force Station will participate in a new initiative offering improved, affordable housing and new community centers to military families.
How would you address the cost of higher education? Go on Twitter and submit your thoughts today. Use#AskHeidiH and we’ll discuss during my Twitter Town Hall on Thursday at 10:45 a.m. CT.   Thanks!
Voted this morning to pass the Workforce Investment Act out of committee. Glad it improves Job Corps too http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345452
Senator John McCain and I today sent a letter to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel about the rising incidents of child abuse and neglect within the military. We pledge to work with the Department of Defense to successfully address this issue.  Read the letter: http://1.usa.gov/17UtodD
Today I will urge my colleagues to expedite the passage of the Chemical Safety Improvement Act (CSIA).   This bipartisan bill would reform the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) to protect the health and safety of all Americans and ensure the chemicals we use and consume every day are safe for our people and our environment.   Watch live as I testify: http://1.usa.gov/166RJvB
Republicans have favored corporate tax reform for decades. But now that President Obama is proposing it, Republicans are opposing it.  The President’s thoughtful approach would couple lower corporate tax rates with investments in job-creating measures such as road and bridge construction.   Democrats know there is more work to be done. But we won’t agree to any plan that balances the budget by killing jobs and whacking the middle class.
"Today, more New Hampshire companies are embracing energy efficiency as a way to combat high energy costs. Energy efficiency can be a quick, cost effective way to reduce a business’s expenses, which can free up capital for new product development and new jobs. U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen is helping in this effort by sponsoring bipartisan legislation, known as the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act. This bill, which U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte is cosponsoring and has the support of the National Association of Manufacturers and the American Chemistry Council among others, will increase the use of energy efficiency technologies across the economy and create new jobs." - New Hampshire Business and Industry Association
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Had an opportunity to meet with President Obama this week and last week to discuss issues important to Hawaii families. I agree with President Obama that we need to grow our economy from the middle out and not the top down, and the only way to do this is to get rid of the sequester and negotiate a budget that will protect working families in Hawaii.
Happy 48th birthday, Medicare! Our seniors have earned these benefits & I will continue to fight for them.  Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree that we should honor this sacred promise to our seniors.
Today Representative Scott Rigell and I urged Congress to  replace the devastating spending cuts required under #sequestration with a long-term, bipartisan fix before returning home for August recess: http://1.usa.gov/1bLg6pA  #furlough
The secret's out! Richmond is #7 on a list of cities that offer both #jobs and culture.  #RVA
