A proud day for Healthbridge employees returning to work!
Senator Cardin spoke to the Baltimore Council on Foreign Affairs about the newly enacted Magnitsky Rule -as well as a number of other foreign affairs topics and current events.
If you or someone you know is looking for work, I hope you'll come to Embassy Suites in Newark, Delaware tomorrow between 10 AM and 2 PM with resumé in hand to meet employers ready to hire in Delaware at the job fair that U.S. Senator Chris Coons, Congressman John Carney and I are hosting.
Answering questions now with Washington Post Live at their Children & Families summit. Watch here:
Also, In case you missed it, I wrote an Op-Ed for CNN Opinion on the subject of Bullying that ran this past Sunday.
NA
Reminder that Senators Coons, Carper, and Rep. Carney are hosting a job fair at the Embassy Suites in Newark tomorrow, Wednesday, March 6 from 10 am - 2 pm. We have more than 65 employers signed up to talk to job seeking Delawareans. To learn more information, click on the link below!
An estimated 600,000 American jobs are currently unfilled because employers cannot find workers who have the skills needed. The America Works Act would help close the skills gap by prioritizing educational and training programs that lead to these in-demand skills.  This would be a benefit for both workers and employers, as workers will know that the time they spend training will be more likely to lead to employment in a well-paying job, and employers will be more likely to hire folks that they know have the training they need to be productive on day one. Joe helped introduce this bill because it’s common sense legislation that would help the economy and Hoosier families back home.
During his “Closing the Skills Gap Tour,” Joe met with employers, educators, workers, and students about the importance of preparing Hoosiers with the skills employers need now and how Indiana can meet the demand for high-skilled jobs that are currently unfilled. Today, Sen. Donnelly joined Sens. Hagan and Heller in introducing the America Works Act, a bipartisan bill designed to provide training and educational programs to workers who want to develop the skills needed for these open positions. Read the full bill here and share this post if you’re for responsible, common sense solutions in Washington.
PHOTO: Behind the scenes after today's Intelligence Committee vote on the nomination of John Brennan as CIA director:
Senate Intelligence Committee approves John Brennan for CIA director.
The Senate should confirm Caitlin Halligan for the D.C. Circuit Court. She is a well-qualified candidate with bipartisan support.
Listening to concerns of North Dakota Vfw.   Will use their input to shape policies that work for veterans.
Lots of my fellow Senators asking if I am ready for the DC snowstorm, I say it can’t be worse than a beautiful spring day in North Dakota :)
Just met with Bismarck State College-beyond President Dr. Larry Skogen. Asked him how we can translate BSC’s success to other schools around the country.
With Greg Brokaw of Ashley, North Dakota and Traci Bruckner from the Center for Rural Affairs. Greg agrees we need a long-term Farm Bill!
One of my favorite North Dakota agriculture events starts today! Have fun at the North Dakota Winter Show everyone!
Besides being forced to hang out with Joel, it was great discussing agriculture and energy on 790 KFGO-AM
During a Senate Armed Services hearing with General James N. Mattis, Commander of U.S. Central Command, and other top Pentagon officials, I discussed the impact of sequestration and continued budget uncertainty on Virginia and the nation’s military readiness.
My latest NRA report looks at some of the most bizarre and dangerous state laws that the NRA has backed. Their agenda puts people at risk http://youtu.be/urTONRDbepU
Missed Claire’s tweet just now? Be sure to check out her questioning today about sexual assaults in the military, and charges dismissed against a convicted offender. She’s not giving up. Video Here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQa0GZcmkvU
Senator Manchin meets with members of AIPAC.
Jack Johnson was a legendary competitor who defined an era of American boxing and raised the bar for all American athletics. Johnson’s memory was unjustly tarnished by a racially-motivated criminal conviction, and it is now time to recast his legacy. Today I joined John McCain, Mo Cowan and Peter King as we introduced a resolution calling on the President to posthumously pardon boxing legend Jack Johnson.
Wore my crimson tie for Delta Sigma Theta's centennial and spoke with DST sorority sisters about new "ladder up" policies.   Great having so many of DST's New Yorkers in Washington; feel free to tag yourselves!
Congratulations to New Hampshire resident Oneta Bobbett, who was recognized by Glamour magazine as one of the most inspirational women in America! Oneta is a co-founder of Jaden's Ladder, a nonprofit organization in Rye that provides support services to women who are victims of domestic violence.  Congratulations to you, Oneta, and THANK YOU for your work on this truly worthy cause!
Interested in interning on behalf of the Granite State in the U.S. Senate? Senator Shaheen's internship program is a great opportunity for students to gain valuable public service experience and to see the legislative process firsthand. We are currently accepting applications for Summer 2013, but the application deadline (March 15) is approaching quickly! Click to learn more: http://bit.ly/N0AXcL
Senator Jeanne Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of May Gruber:   "May Gruber was a remarkable woman whose impact on New Hampshire will be felt for generations to come. As a business owner, an employer, and a civic leader, May gave her all to improving her community.  She will forever stand as a powerful example of the positive impact one person can have on the lives of others.  My thoughts are with her many friends and family, as they bid farewell to this extraordinary woman."
Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours on Thursday, March 7th from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, Berlin and Claremont. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
Click LIKE to help me honor Missoula's David Thatcher and the other brave World War II veterans of the Doolittle Raid with the Congressional Gold Medal.
Thanks to everyone who made it to my community dinner in Warwick last night. I enjoyed taking your questions and talking with you about the issues that are affecting your families. I hope to see you again at a future dinner!
