In stark contrast to Washington, #Coloradansdontshutdown. To highlight that point, this week I’ll travel around the state performing a variety of everyday jobs, beginning this afternoon when I’ll bus tables at Adams Mountain Café in Manitou Springs.
Come join Christopher Murphy and I next Thursday, October 31st from 9-10 for our next Constituent Coffee. Join us, our staffs, and fellow CTers to get an update on our work in the Senate, speak to staff, or just say hi!
 
 RSVP to constitutentcoffee@blumenthal.senate.gov.
Proud to announce new walk in office hours at our #EasternShore Field Office in #Salisbury.  http://goo.gl/RKfecN
Thousands of PA seniors have been scammed by telemarketers. Spoke w/ Scranton residents today about need for a path to justice.
Looking for a great internship experience this winter? Click this link for more information on joining Senator Donnelly’s team.
Ranchers throughout southwestern North Dakota saw their cattle herds devastated by the snow storm in early October. Because of the lack of a Farm Bill, they aren't able to make disaster claims or get needed assistance. Tomorrow I'm hosting a meeting for ranchers who were affected by the storm to hear their stories, connect ranchers with resources, and reinforce why we need to pass a comprehensive Farm Bill.
Taken near Fingal, ND, by Betty Gibbons
Congratulations to all of the loving couples getting married today in the Garden State. 
 
 I’m thrilled we’re entering a new chapter in our state’s history that includes marriage equality for all.
Awesome pizza at Rena's Pizza in Preston
NA
In case you missed it, Claire spoke with PBS' Charlie Rose this past weekend about the recent government shutdown and the importance of compromise in #Congress.
This Week's Message from the Hill to the Mountains: A Silver Lining Playbook After the Shutdown 
 
 Please read and share this week's message: http://1.usa.gov/1b7AXih
My condolences go out to the victims’ families and my thoughts are with the teachers, administrators, parents and students at Sparks Middle School who have experienced a traumatic morning. No words of condolence could possibly ease the pain, but I hope it is some small comfort that Nevada mourns with them. I stand by to be of any assistance if there is anything that can be done and I will continue to monitor the situation.
The Prescription Drug Task Force in Syracuse has worked hard, finding ways to make drug take back events work in the community. Great meeting you all today at Kinney Drugs in Liverpool.
Senator Shaheen visited Dover High School this afternoon to meet with students in the all-girls Introduction to Engineering Class to discuss the importance of education in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). “Investing in STEM education will help prepare young people for the high-tech jobs that are an increasingly important part of New Hampshire’s future,” Shaheen said. “Dover High School is doing great work to promote STEM education, particularly with young women, and we ought to do more to promote similar efforts nationally.  This will help our country develop a homegrown workforce and keep us competitive in the global marketplace as the demand for a high-skilled workforce increases.” CLICK HERE TO READ MORE: http://1.usa.gov/19oYcVI
Senator Shaheen visited Windmill International in Nashua this morning to discuss efforts to bolster small businesses and job creation.  Windmill International is a veteran owned business which provides program management, training, engineering, technology and software development for the defense industry. During her visit, Windmill officials highlighted how the business has grown thanks to two efforts championed by Senator Shaheen -the State Trade Export Promotion grant program and the Small Business Innovation Research program.
Last week, I was proud to return to New Mexico to deliver the keynote address at a special U.S. Citizenship & Immigration Services (USCIS) naturalization ceremony in Albuquerque. It was an inspiring ceremony, held at the South Broadway Cultural Center. We welcomed 68 New Mexicans representing 29 countries as they took the oath of allegiance to our country. Each of them had proudly fulfilled the requirements to become citizens. Click here for more: 
 
 http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=1457
It was great hearing from HealthSource RI employees today about the Rhode Island families who are being helped by the new Obamacare insurance marketplace. Rhode Islanders who don’t already have insurance through an employer or a government program like Medicare can visit www.healthsourceri.com to see what options are available to them.
"There were no winners here."
