Thank you to all who came out today for our October constituent coffee. CC: Senator Christopher Murphy
Welcome to the Senate Cory Booker. We've got heavy lifting to do down here and we're glad you're on board.
Interested in #InternationalRelations? Interested in making a difference in the world? Check out this fellowship opportunity being made possible by two great institutions committed to  creating a better tomorrow. Howard University and USAID - US Agency for International Development are teaming up to present the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program.   The Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program seeks to attract and prepare outstanding young people who desire careers in the USAID Foreign Service.  Funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development and managed by the Ralph J. Bunche International Affairs Center at Howard University, these Fellowships prepare students to enter exciting and rewarding careers in international development as USAID Foreign Service Officers.  The Payne Program encourages the involvement of members of minority groups and those with financial need.  This program is named in honor of the late Congressman Donald M. Payne because of his long history of service to the nation and the world in promoting international development.  Payne Fellows will represent the excellence and diversity of America and advance USAID’s commitment to creating a more secure, healthy and prosperous world through engagement in international development work.  USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah announced the Payne Fellowship at Howard University on October 15, 2012, stating “This new fellowship will help USAID to attract and support a diverse group of talented young people who are dedicated to public service and international development.”  The Payne Fellowship provides significant benefits.  The Fellows receive up to $45,000 annually in assistance for tuition, room, board and other related expenses for a two-year master’s degree in international development or a related topic, as well as support for internships.  They do internships at a USAID Mission overseas and one in Washington DC.  Each Fellow is committed to a minimum of three years of service in an appointment as a USAID Foreign Service Officer.  Information and application materials for both programs are at www.paynefellows.org.  The application deadline is January 27, 2014.
Virtual Currency: Trick or Treat? 
 
 Read more here: http://ti.me/1csZzHs
Happy Halloween to everyone! Before I was a senator, governor or representative, I was a cowboy. #Halloween #TBT
Today we learned the budget results from the 2013 fiscal year which ended September 30. The final 2013 deficit was $680 billion, $409 billion less than the 2012 deficit and $293 billion less than forecast in President Obama’s April Budget.
 
 We have work yet to do to get our country back on the path of fiscal responsibility and prosperity, but this is a good start.
 
 Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1f4yNCI
Spoke about Alyssa, epilepsy, and urged constituents to #payitforward this morning at my Keystone Coffee. #AJO
Wishing everyone in New Mexico a happy and safe Halloween!
This is huge.
Put together an exciting summary about my busy day yesterday introducing my first bill in the US Senate. My legislation is a comprehensive plan to find solutions to the complex challenges facing Native American children in North Dakota and throughout Indian Country. Learn more below.
Votes are happening around 11:00 a.m. CT today, so I have to delay the time of my Twitter town hall about the Farm Bill.  Instead of 11:15 a.m. CT, it will now be at 2:45 p.m. CT today. Keep sending in your questions about the Farm Bill and include your hometown and #AskHeidiH. I'm looking forward to talking with North Dakotans about an issue that is so important for our state.
So honored to assist a veteran from Virginia, Captain Matthew Zeller, with his efforts to help the Afghan interpreter who saved his life come to the United States with his family. Thanks to Matthew’s hard work, Janis Shinwari arrived in the U.S. safely this morning and will live in Alexandria with his family. Take a moment and read their moving story: http://www.airforcetimes.com/article/20131030/NEWS/310300015/With-soldier-s-help-Afghan-interpreter-family-land-U-S-   Matthew and Janis’ story is not unique in that there are many Iraqi and Afghan nationals who served as translators and fought alongside our troops, and in the case of Matt and many others, saved their lives. I believe we have a special responsibility with respect to these translators.
Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Thursday announced that Vermont organizations have received more than $4.2 million in federal grants to support programs that are vital in preventing and prosecuting crimes related to domestic violence.
Exciting day! So great to welcome Cory Booker to the Senate.   Check out the video below; there was so much energy from New Jerseyans!   I’m looking forward to working with Senator Booker here in DC.
Today welcomed University System of Maryland Chancellor Brit Kirwan to testify before the Senate on refreshing and reforming higher education. Chancellor Kirwan has been an invaluable leader for higher education in Maryland and across the nation. The Senate will learn a lot from listening to him.
BREAKING: Claire scored a win for travelers, as the Federal Aviation Administration finally embraced the expanded use of portable electronic devices (like iPads, Kindles, and e-readers) on airplanes. Talking on cell phones will still be prohibited. 
 
 “This is great news for the traveling public—and frankly, a win for common sense. I applaud the FAA for taking the necessary steps to change these outdated regulations and I look forward to the airlines turning around quick plans for implementation.” -Claire
 
 Read more: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=12010
Great opportunity for our vets during the month of November. Enjoy the Veterans Appreciation Discount and take a family adventure at one of West Virginia's beautiful state parks.   Click here for all the details: http://www.wvstateparks.com/Veterans%202013.pdf
It was a pleasure to meet the North Elementary School students from Morgantown yesterday. They stopped by my office before heading to the White House, where they were recognized for the Panther Pride garden at their school. We are very proud of your health and nutrition efforts, not only at school but in your community. Keep up the good work.
Wishing West Virginians a fun and safe Halloween. Take a look at these health and safety tips before heading out to trick-or-treat tonight: http://1.usa.gov/16oJPQY
Today is Nevada’s birthday. Happy #NevadaDay!I'm honored to represent such a beautiful state.
 
 Nevada – from the mountains and high deserts of the east to the geothermal wells of the north, from glittering Lake Tahoe in the west to shining Las Vegas in the South, from Indian Country to the mining towns and ranching communities – is a unique state in today’s modern Union.
If you missed my conversation with The Rachel Maddow Show last night because you were watching the World Series, that's ok. You can watch it here: on.msnbc.com/1ivU9Jj
Trick or Treat? Find out what's the scariest part of Halloween here: http://bit.ly/b-scared.
Congratulations Boston Red Sox! What an amazing night. So excited for the 2013 World Series Champs!
Mental health care matters. Unfortunately, when it comes to our kids and teenagers, we are facing a shortfall in professionals that specialize in treating them. That's why I authored a provision for the Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2013. This fix would finally include teaching programs at children's psychiatric hospitals. And this week, I'm glad to say that this provision passed out of committee with bipartisan support. The next step is the full Senate. Learn more: http://1.usa.gov/17tULQg
Congratulations to the Boston Red Sox, our new World Series champions! And to have this happen at Fenway Park – for the first time since 1918 – is just incredible.
Happy Halloween!
Go Sox! Today I congratulated the World Champion Boston Red Sox for their outstanding, historic season in remarks on the Senate floor.
