I say to the President: If you act, you will have my strong support and you will have the support of so many people in my state and all across the country.  You will help keep families together, you will strengthen our economy and you will make our country stronger and more just. #immigration #CIR
I want to thank the 40 other Senators who stood up for what is right - protecting the health of families and the health of the planet. I know the fight is far from over, but I'm proud of my colleagues today. We will continue working for a safe, clean, job-producing energy future.
NA
*Today- 10:00AM*   I will be chairing a U.S. Helsinki Commission hearing entitled "Combating #Corruption in the #OSCE Region: The Link between Security and Good Governance".   Combating corruption is increasingly recognized as the critical factor in ensuring long-term security, because corruption creates fertile ground for social upheaval and instability. The change in government in Ukraine earlier this year is a prime example of how corruption can fuel legitimate popular discontent.   Although the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) has created new tools to address corruption, tackling the problem requires more than raising awareness and sharing best practices. In many OSCE participating States, systemic issues including lack of media freedom, lack of political will, and lack of an independent judiciary contribute substantially to persistent high-level and low-level corruption.   The hearing will draw attention to the work of the OSCE in combating corruption in all 57 participating States, with a particular emphasis on the need to build effective institutions and the important role played by civil society in combating corruption.  Watch live here:
I applaud the Senate for confirming Ted Osius as Ambassador to Vietnam. As Chairman of the Sub-Committee on Asian and Pacific Affairs I know how important it is to have skilled diplomats ensuring Vietnam remains an important partner in the region.
Today I had the pleasure of speaking with some bright students from the University of Delaware about leadership and bipartisanship. I’m always inspired by meeting the leaders of tomorrow!
Today is #WorldToiletDay and it is important to highlight how important toilets are to public health worldwide. Inadequate access to safe water and sanitation services sickens and kills thousands of children every day, and leads to poverty across the globe. In order to address this growing crisis, I joined Senator Bob Corker to introduce the Paul Simon Water for the World Act of 2014. This bill would improve access to clean water and sanitation around the world.
#TimeIsNow to fix our broken #immigration system
Today, I met with Chairman Ron Gidwitz of the Boys and Girls Clubs of America to hear about the impact its after school programs have had in communities across Illinois and the United States.
“This is a speech I had hoped to never give, and one I give with an incredibly heavy heart. I want to speak about a young man from my home state of Indiana, Abdul-Rahman Kassig, known to many who love him as Peter, or Pete. He was a Hoosier, a son of Indiana, and we could not feel more proud of him, or lucky, about the fact that he was one of us.” -Joe
Today marks the 151st Anniversary of President Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address, a speech that inspired our country to unite and work together toward a better America. Last year, I joined my fellow North Dakota Senator John Hoeven in reciting the Gettysburg Address as a sign of our bipartisanship and desire to move this country forward. As we set the tone for the new Congress, the practice of bipartisanship, compromise, and doing the work the American people sent us here to do is never more prevalent.
North Dakotans are tired of gridlock and partisanship in Congress -- as am I. We must change that and get Congress working. And the tone we use now -- whether it's about bringing us together or dividing us -- will set the tone for the new Senate. I hope more Senators will consider that tone as we move forward and help bring sides together. The American people want Congress to get to work, and only once we do that by working together can we restore trust in this body. Check out this editorial in today's Fargo Forum about this issue:
Today the U.S. Department of Justice released its new federal report offering recommendations to alleviate the current epidemic of violence experience by Native children – the first Native-community based commission on this issue. Native children dealing with the dire effects of exposure to violence has truly reached pandemic levels – and it requires our immediate attention. The report states that violence, including intentional injuries, homicide, and suicide, accounts for 75% of deaths of American Indian and Alaska Native kids between 12-20 years old. Since I was North Dakota’s Attorney General, I have been standing up for Native children, and have continued to do so in the Senate with my work on the Indian Affairs Committee and my bill to create a Commission on Native Children. And I won’t quit fighting. Because our Native kids need to know they’re not alone – they’ve got advocates who won’t give up until they’re safe, and we’re in this together – every step of the way. http://1.usa.gov/1uNqEMV
Today, I went to the Senate floor to make the case against the Keystone XL Pipeline. You can watch my full speech below. LIKE and SHARE if you agree that the Senate made the right choice tonight because #KeystoneXL is not in our economic, national security or environmental interest.
Claire today raised questions about whether the federal government has properly prioritized resources to guard against public health threats stating, "We’ve spent $3.3 billion and I’m really worried about how it’s been spent, especially in light of what we have seen with the Ebola crisis …44 percent of the money that’s been spent in this program has been on anthrax. We’ve got 21 threats, and almost half of the money has been spent on just one of them. How can that be justified?”
I just left the Senate Floor, where we defeated a bill that would have fast-tracked the Keystone XL Pipeline.  Earlier today, I spoke on the floor about the urgency of defeating this legislation and saying “no” to the pipeline. Please “like” and “share” to celebrate tonight’s victory and recommit to protecting our environment and economy for future generations!
I am deeply disappointed that the Senate failed to pass the Keystone XL pipeline. We have everything to gain by building this pipeline, especially since it would help create thousands of jobs right here at home. Keystone XL is expected to create 20,000 direct jobs during construction and 118,000 indirect and spinoff jobs. With well over 1,000 American businesses already supplying goods and services to pipeline companies, the ripple effects of these projects would continue to boost economic prosperity and create more employment opportunities in other industries. Every state - including West Virginia - would benefit economically from this activity.  Read my full statement: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a4f96696-f8d9-49af-ba5c-9c3b80c59fcd
Glad to see the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Act of 2014 signed into law today by the President.  I am proud to support this bill, which will make national improvements in child care access, quality and affordability.  For many Rhode Island families, child care is their single biggest household expense.  Making child care more accessible and affordable for working parents and ensuring safe, enriching learning environments for kids is a smart investment that builds a strong foundation for future academic success.
I look forward to joining the President at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas on Friday.   Immigration reform is personal to me. We've been waiting 510 days for the Republican-led House to take action and save families from being torn apart. We've given them time -- it hasn't happened.   The President will act, and I will stand with him. His executive action will help keep families together, enforce the laws, and focus law enforcement resources on real criminals.
Senate Democrats want to legislate in good faith. But we need willing partners. The Republican Leader and his caucus will have to do more than just pay lip service to an open, bipartisan legislative process. At some point, they must practice what they preach.  Yesterday, they shut down the ability for the Senate to simply have an open debate about the NSA's bulk data collection and the privacy rights of all Americans.
My thoughts and prayers are with Western New York right now, particularly the families of those who lost their lives. The reports coming out of South Buffalo and the surrounding towns are hard to fathom. This is a storm the likes of which we have never experienced, and it is going to take collaboration and partnership among local, state, and federal governments to ensure that affected residents are safe, and that our community is back up and running as soon as possible. I have personally spoken with Mayor Byron Brown and Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz, and I commend the work they and their staff and New York State are doing. In the hours and days ahead, I will do all I can to ensure that we are providing every possible federal resource to help Erie County and the surrounding region get through this and recover. -cs
It was my pleasure to invite and introduce NYC Councilman from Staten Island Vincent Ignizio to testify before the Senate Finance Committee hearing on Tax Relief after a Disaster. Vinny has played a vital role in helping New York rebuild after the devastation of Hurricane Sandy and was an expert witness with first hand knowledge of how communities recover.
At the end of the day, building the KeystoneXL would be a boon to Canada and to their oil market overseas. What we need to do is make smart decisions that put America on the road to energy independence.
NA
“Encouraging the production of Canadian tar sands – some of the dirtiest oil in the world – is not in America’s national interest. Congress should be focused on transitioning to clean energy and working on things that will have a positive impact on the economy rather than trying to approve an unnecessary pipeline.”  - BES  Today Senator Schatz voted against the authorization of Keystone XL, a pipeline that would encourage the production of dirty tar sands oil and undermine efforts to combat climate change.
I applaud today’s ruling that strikes down Montana's ban on same-sex marriage.  It aligns our laws with our values and is a big step forward for our state.  Denying same-sex couples the right to marry denies them happiness and equal protection under the law.
NA
Today I introduced a #CarbonFee bill because fossil fuel companies shouldn’t get to pollute for free while harming the American people and our environment. It’s time for Congress to wake up and #ActOnClimate.
The Federal Housing Finance Agency is supposed to help underwater homeowners, but for 6 years it has not allowed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to help a single family by reducing the principal on their mortgage. Today I asked the FHFA director: How many more families have to lose their homes before you act?
