Reading to kids at Hillebrandt Learning Center as part of my push for child care funding. With an end of the year deadline approaching, I'm pushing to reauthorize the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) program that helps thousands of Northeastern Pennsylvania families pay for childcare each month. The program currently helps 55,000 Pennsylvania families each month pay for childcare for 93,000 children. If the bill fails to pass by the end of the year important reforms contained in the bill that helps families pay for childcare will have to start over in a new Congress.
Jane Byrne proved Chicago’s first woman mayor was unafraid to tackle the toughest problems. My thoughts go out to her family & friends.
Today marks one year since Sen. Al Franken and I introduced the Affordable College Textbook Act, a bill that would vastly expand the use of “open”, online textbooks and improve the affordability of a college education. Textbook costs can often be overlooked, yet these costs can often be a roadblock to a good, quality education. The below story highlights why Illinois students, and students nationwide, need the Affordable College Textbook Act to pass Congress. http://www.nwherald.com/2014/11/11/mchenry-county-college-bookstore-renting-out-textbooks-amid-soaring-costs/ad52xim/?page=1
Important work being done at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography to locate those who were killed in action during World War II.
It may not solve all our differences, but it’s a good opportunity to bring everyone to the table … literally.
We were lucky with yesterday's train derailment near Casselton. We were lucky the trains that derailed didn’t hurt anyone and that the crude oil train was empty. But we can’t rely on luck. We saw what happened in Casselton almost a year ago and yesterday’s incident is disappointing. There have now been five derailments along the rail lines near Casselton in nine years. We need to make sure everyone is doing everything possible to prevent future derailments. Since last year’s disaster, new federal regulations have been drafted and BNSF has taken some needed and unprecedented steps to improve inspections and safety – but all of us must continue to constantly look to do more. Immediately after the derailment happened yesterday, BNSF’s Executive Chairman Matt Rose reached out to me and his office has been keeping me apprised of any developments. The company is currently reviewing the area to determine what happened and we should wait for its findings before speculating on the cause.  Over the past year, I’ve worked closely with first responders across North Dakota, including Casselton Fire Chief Tim McLean and Fargo Fire Chief Steve Dirksen, to make sure they have the tools they need to respond to any potential incidents on the rails. Following the initial derailment in Casselton, they and other first responders across the state have stepped up to the plate and sought out crucial training so they can better protect their communities. We need everyone to do the same. Since last night, I’ve also been in touch with local officials around Casselton, and I’ll remain in close contact with them as we learn more. We have to make sure families and communities across North Dakota are safe in their homes and don’t live in fear that the next derailment could be in their town.
Today I joined Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James at Minot Air Force Base to discuss with several hundred servicemembers their strong support for a robust Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) force, the importance of our nation’s nuclear mission, and the need to improve the lives of military personnel. I’ve fought back against efforts to hurt this crucial part of our military, and I won’t give up on making sure our ICBM forces and servicemembers have the support they need to keep our country safe. This long-term commitment, that was set in motion by Secretary James earlier this year, confirms a true recognition of the need to properly support the critical work of our men and women in our ICBM forces at Minot Air Force Base and across the country.
The FBI continues to make positive steps to address the safety needs of our state by building up the law enforcement infrastructure to support our growing communities. While the energy boom has delivered undeniably great economic benefits throughout North Dakota, it has also resulted in new law enforcement and social challenges our communities have never seen before. That’s why the FBI’s commitment to begin the process of opening a permanent office in Williston is such a needed development. The FBI and I have been working closely on this issue for about a year, and I'll continue to provide as much assistance and guidance as possible as the agency works through the necessary steps to make that office a reality. We must provide the best possible resources to make sure that families and communities across our state are strong and safe.
Yesterday I met with representatives from the Grand Forks Base Realignment Impact Committee (BRIC) to discuss my ongoing efforts to support economic development at the Grand Forks Air Force Base, help harness the potential of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) throughout North Dakota, and get the Grand Sky Business Park agreement across the finish line. To fully harness the potential of the base, we must continue to work together – officials, the base, and the community – to reach innovative results, and I will continue to be an advocate for Grand Forks and our base. http://1.usa.gov/1v9c7Nv
The recent election reinforced that Congress needs to stop fighting and get to work. The tone we have right now in the Senate, sets the tone for the new Congress. Unfortunately, we’re already seeing some partisan language as it’s disappointing some senators on the other side of the aisle are just trying to take credit for the fact that the Senate is voting on approval of the Keystone XL pipeline next week. All sides deserve equal credit. We must show the American people that we want to make progress and want to work together. Only then can we restore trust in Congress. See my speech on the Senate floor this evening about this issue:
Every working parent with children no matter their income level worries about child care. What’s affordable? What’s accessible? Will my child be safe? Where can I get the very best care for my kid? It is not enough to simply ensure that kids have someplace to go. We must also ensure that they go someplace that is safe, that nurtures their development, that challenges their mind, and that prepares them for school.  That's why I'm standing shoulder to shoulder with my colleague Senator Richard Burr, a Republican from North Carolina, as senior members of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee calling on the Senate to pass our legislation to refresh and reform the vitally important Child Care Development Block Grant and support working families across Maryland and the nation.
Under the Affordable Care Act insurance companies can no longer deny patients coverage for pre-existing conditions like asthma and diabetes. Open enrollment starts tomorrow. Visit www.accesshealthct.com to learn about your options and #GetCovered.
Today, join Sandy Hook Promise and help protect children from gun violence by having a conversation about being a better bystander. Learn more at https://promiseday.org
Every child deserves to have at least one place where they feel safe and comfortable. For many of our kids these days, that place is at school. The Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predator Act will truly help protect our kids from sexual assault predators or any individuals who inappropriately behave in our schools.  Learn more about the bill by visiting my website: http://1.usa.gov/1pZgXv1
ICYMI:  I’ve always had complete faith that justice would be served and Don Blankenship’s indictment is a first step in providing some peace to the families of the Upper Big Branch miners who lost their lives.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=433a3c5b-bb8b-4933-93bb-be6c1aab2d7b
Only been a week since Blue Collar Brewery opened, but already #Poughkeepsie is buzzing  about the latest #NYbrew
"Today, the Columbine-Hondo Wilderness Act cleared the U.S. Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, a great step forward in the ongoing grassroots efforts to permanently protect the Columbine-Hondo. The recreation opportunities are tremendous, and a Columbine-Hondo Wilderness will provide critical protection for New Mexico's wildlife and water resources. The tourism and jobs that will follow this wilderness designation will continue to benefit New Mexicans. I am proud of our years-long collaboration with local stakeholders, who have worked tirelessly to preserve this slice of northern New Mexico into the future."  http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1796
