The newest member of the  U.S. Senate DemocratsSenator  Cory Booker will be delivering his 1st floor speech today and he could not have picked a more timely and important topic- Unemployment Insurance.   Unemployment rates are getting lower and we're all working to make sure they get as low as we can, but if you're unemployed and you're looking for work, it's still pretty tough out there. Americans who are looking for work continue to face an historically tight job market. We cannot just leave them and their families to fall into poverty because some in Congress prefer gridlock to accomplishing something that helps individuals in need and boosts our overall economy.  We need to make sure those benefits are continued.   #ReNewUI watch Senator Booker live 5:45 ET
Stories like this are why I was proud to support the Affordable Care Act – preventative care is something that all Americans should have access to and will help lower healthcare costs.   I think we can expect many more stories, like these, as millions of Americans begin to see the benefits of having healthcare for the first time ever.
Beurt SerVaas was a tireless leader on behalf of the City of Indianapolis.  His decades of service leading the City-County Council helped build the Indianapolis we all enjoy today. My family’s thoughts and prayers are with the SerVaas family during this time. –Joe
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. A recent survey of 40 Elkhart area businesses shows optimism for economic growth in 2014.
This picture explains the water crisis in California. Snowpack in Sierras at 12% normal level.
Today on the Senate floor, I highlighted the months and months of hard work that led to a Farm Bill compromise that will work for North Dakota. From enhancing crop insurance, to getting disaster relief for our ranchers, to making crucial investments in biofuels, this Farm Bill is a win for our state. I won’t rest until this clears the Senate and the President signs it, but I’m proud of what we have accomplished and know millions of farmers and ranchers around the country will be too. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f0be8e9a-ac99-4ee8-8040-9fe951c0fd86
Former North Dakota Congressman Earl Pomeroy stopped by my office to say hello to Eric and Deacon.
Recently there has been widespread concern about credit and debit cards being hacked. If you think this may have happened to you, the Consumer Finance and Protection Bureau has 4 steps you can and should take to make sure your accounts are secure. Additionally, as a member of the Senate Banking Committee, we are holding a hearing on data security this week to see if there are larger problems that need to be addressed. 
On Monday, February 3, 2014, Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.), Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and the Commerce, Justice, Science (CJS) Appropriations Subcommittee, along with National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Administrator Charles Bolden and Goddard Space Flight Center Director Christopher Scolese announced the next steps in construction progress of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) at NASA Goddard in Greenbelt, Maryland.   As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator Mikulski will announce funds in the federal checkbook included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014 law to support the mission of Goddard employees and the JWST project, keeping it on track for a 2018 launch.
Today I visited NASA Goddard Space Flight Facility to announce a major milestone and the next steps forward for the James Webb Space Telescope. The Hubble Space Telescope has already rewritten the science books.  Going from Hubble to JWST is like going from a biplane to the jet engine. I've continued to fight to keep the James Webb Space Telescope mission on track, supporting jobs today and jobs tomorrow at Goddard.   NASA Goddard is home to leaders in Maryland's space and innovation economies, making discoveries that not only win Nobel Prizes, but create new products and jobs. The James Webb Space Telescope will keep us in the lead for astronomy for decades to come, spurring the innovation and technology that keep America's economy rolling. 
"This is discouraging and depressing. Clearly, we're talking about one of the largest criminal investigations in the history of the Army." -Claire   Claire will chair a hearing tomorrow morning before her Subcommittee on Financial and Contracting Oversight on the scandal, and will call top Army officials to testify. Watch live at 10am ET/9am CT: http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/subcommittees/fco/hearings/fraud-and-abuse-in-army-recruiting-contracts
I’ll be hosting my first telephone town hall of 2014 tomorrow, February 4th, at 6:00 PM. Click here and sign up by 6:00 PM today if you’d like to participate:  http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/teletownhall/ 
Chairing a Senate Banking hearing today at 3pm on the Target data breach and importance of safeguarding consumer info. Watch live here: http://1.usa.gov/1jJH3vt
