We’re looking for driven, talented young minds to join our intern program for the spring. The program provides participants with the tools, skills, and experience that they can readily apply to future challenges and professional pursuits.    Apply today: http://j.mp/1tjnFwp
#TBT to my days as a White House intern in 1969.
The president should guarantee that all U.S. citizens who travel to West Africa to help fight Ebola will be allowed to return to the United States, that any medical care they need as a result of their trip will be provided free of charge and that wages lost to any government-imposed quarantine will be reimbursed. That’s the least we can do for the volunteers, missionaries and military personnel working to end this outbreak.
I'm so proud of the San Francisco Giants! World Series champs for the third time in five years!! Thanks for another great season!
Need help with a federal agency? My staff will be available at Del Rio Senior Center in Belen from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Fostering an environment where students have the tools to succeed promotes equity, innovation, creativity, and is good for the future of our economy. These investments will yield immeasurable contributions for children and teachers, and will improve learning experiences in the classroom for hundreds of New Mexico students.
The North Dakota State Department of Health will receive more than $340,000 in federal funding for a range of child nutrition services, child passenger and newborn safety efforts, Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) prevention, and to help support children who have special health care needs. As our state’s population quickly grows, we have to make sure we’re addressing all of North Dakota’s health care challenges – particularly for the youngest among us. These funds will help meet the needs of children across our state, enabling them to be healthy and safe as they learn and grow.
More great moments from my surprise birthday serenade from the Georgetown Chimes.
It was such a wonderful early birthday surprise to have my former intern Connor Joseph of Grand Forks and fellow members of the Georgetown Chimes, an a cappella group from Georgetown University, sing happy birthday to me in my Washington office last week. Music is so important in all our lives and I can’t thank the Chimes enough for this incredible and moving gift. Click the video below for their rendition of “Happy Birthday” and click here for an additional performance: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJboL-iKoQk&list=UUsIiu6s5KJ_VYzpT_b1Jh4g
North Dakota State University Extension Center for 4-H Youth Development will receive more than $160,000 in federal funding to help expand and strengthen mentoring programs to keep North Dakota kids safe and prevent youth delinquency. These funds are an important step in the right direction because if we want our kids to aim high and achieve their goals, we need to foster an environment with mentors that can embolden them and help nurture their skills.
#TBT from Fall, 1974 in honor of Halloween. Clearly, I didn't hold back on the candy as a kid
It certianly wasn't the outcome we were hoping for, but we still have to tip our caps to those Boys in Blue. It has been one incredible post-season run.  #Royals
I wish all West Virginians a fun and safe Halloween season. Whether you are going trick-or-treating tonight or celebrating tomorrow evening, I encourage you to check out the CDC's Halloween health and safety tips before heading out the door:  http://www.cdc.gov/family/halloween/
This week, I joined Mayor Angel Taveras and other officials to help cut the ribbon and celebrate the grand opening of Providence Emergency Management Agency’s (PEMA) new, expanded Emergency Operations Center in Providence.   The new state-of-the-art facility will house a regional emergency training center and strengthen first responders’ ability to respond to natural disasters and other emergencies.  I am proud to have helped secure $2 million in federal funding for this $2.75 million, 9,000 square foot facility to help keep Rhode Islanders safe.
“I am deeply saddened by the loss of my dear friend Mayor Tom Menino, and I join all of New England in mourning his passing. Tom was an institution in Boston and a dedicated public servant who never lost sight of the people he served.   I had the pleasure of working with Tom during my years as governor and senator, and I am lucky to have been able to call him a close friend. My heart goes out to his friends, family and our neighbors in Boston as we remember his life and legacy.”  -JS
Two years ago today, Hurricane #Sandy struck the Northeast with brutal force. #RI was hit hard along our coasts, like here in Matunuck where homes and businesses were destroyed. Our communities have worked hard to rebuild and we’ve come a long way. Going forward, I’ll keep pushing for policies and investments that make our coasts more resilient, protect at-risk communities, and address carbon pollution—the root cause of a changing climate that loads the dice for more superstorms.  #ActOnClimate
After a 60-day pro bono assessment, the Northern Virginia Technology Council has announced their expert recommendations to fix the scheduling problems at the VA medical centers. I’m confident this report will help the VA on a path to improvement. Thank you NVTC for your dedication to helping our veterans get the care they deserve. http://1.usa.gov/1sLOJ0P
