In response to President Obama’s remarks on Syria: I think a debate on Syria policy is very important and I wish it had started sooner. In 2011 I laid out a comprehensive approach to the Syrian crisis that would confront the Assad regime and protect US national security interests. And Last November, I called for a more assertive approach to the conflict in Syria because I believe the Assad regime is a threat to both regional stability and the United States' broader national security interests. I have no doubt that Bashar al-Assad has used chemical weapons against his own people. Every day that Assad remains in power helps Iran and Hezbollah who plot against the United States and its allies. I believe that it is in the US national security interest to respond to this most recent chemical attack. I appreciate the Administration's efforts to consult with Congress about the situation.
The President must continue to make his case to the Congress and the American people, and I look forward to the debate we will have before any further action is taken. In the meantime, I will be evaluating the evidence and policy options as well as listening closely to the opinions of New Mexicans. Below is a public, unclassified summary of the U.S. Intelligence Community's analysis of what took place in Syria. I encourage all New Mexicans to read it and share their views with me about the situation as we prepare for a debate and vote in Congress.
The President's decision to seek congressional approval for military action in Syria is the right call and one I have consistently advocated in accordance with our Constitution and the War Powers Act. The use of chemical weapons by Assad and his regime is deplorable and deserves our condemnation, but in a representative democracy, it is the duty of the U.S. Congress to approve any military action that would enter our armed forces into hostilities overseas where there is not an imminent threat to our national security. I have worked with members of both parties in the Senate, through legislation and the appropriations process, to ensure the president seeks congressional approval before U.S. military force is used, and I will continue to assert that Congress must approve any force that places our service members into hostilities.
I commend the President for the decision to seek authorization from Congress. The decision about whether or not to use military force in response to the Syrian atrocities raises significant issues that should be considered and debated by Congress. This debate will help define how America views its role as a world power.   The tone that we use while having this discussion also is vitally important. These are issues that should not break down along typical partisan lines, and the debate will provide an opportunity to demonstrate that America's elected leadership can come together to resolve serious issues. People across the country and indeed around the world will be watching closely as the world's greatest democracy debates, and then decides, these important questions.
