Read my letter to new NFL Senior VP for Public Policy Cynthia Hogan on domestic violence: 
NASA announced today that MAVEN has entered Mars orbit after traveling more than 440 million miles. The Colorado craft was built right here at Lockheed Martin's Littleton facility, United Launch Alliance developed the launch system, and the project was led by the University of Colorado's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics.  It's a great example of the state's innovative aerospace economy.
This weekend, I had the honor of speaking at Stratford’s 375th anniversary parade. The people of Stratford have so much to be proud of—the town holds rich history and deep traditions that have gone back generations and still remain a significant part of Stratford’s fabric today. http://j.mp/1v8x4E0
Joined Senator Gillibrand and Senator Warren in asking the White House to improve antibiotic resistance tracking efforts. 
Interesting New York Times article investigates how climate change will affect certain cities. Drastic changes ahead.
If you missed it, I was on Face The Nation to discuss the threat from ISIL and the issues facing the NFL. 
Proud to participate in NO H8 Campaign's #NOH8onTheHill photo shoot. I enthusiastically support marriage equality. Depriving gay and lesbian couples of marriage rights denies them of their dignity and the promise of equal treatment under the law. We must continue to push toward full equality for all Americans.
Largest mobilization against climate change in the history of the planet. Is anyone in the Republican Party listening? #PeoplesClimate #ActOnClimate  
Today I brought officials from the U.S. Departments of Homeland Security and Justice to train North Dakota law enforcement and victims service providers on important ways to identify and help prevent potential incidents so North Dakota’s communities will be safer and more prepared to combat this heinous crime. I’m working to make sure communities and law enforcement across the state have the knowledge and tools they need to tackle the growing problem of human trafficking in our state head-on, while also drawing Congress’ attention to this problem. Earlier this month, I launched my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative to bring a stronger focus to many of the new challenges facing our state, including the rise of human trafficking. By acknowledging these new issues and working together to stop them, we can make sure North Dakota’s communities remain safe for everyone. 
Please join me in Union City this Sunday for my Hispanic Heritage Month celebration! http://on.fb.me/1rrGzPr
The U.S. Department of Commerce made an exciting announcement today for the City of Newport and the entire state.  Commerce is awarding a nearly $1.7 million grant to the Development Council of Newport to help establish a technology business incubator that will foster start-ups.    This new tech business incubator will help diversify and energize our economy, further cementing Aquidneck Island as a key hub for research, development, technology, and innovation.     The innovation center will be a great resource for the business community and budding entrepreneurs.  It will help harness some of the high wattage institutional brain power we have in the area -- from Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island and the Naval Undersea Warfare Center, to the University of Rhode Island – and foster new partnerships to help launch high-tech ventures.  In addition, organizers estimate that this project will create more than 100 jobs.   I'm proud to have supported this project and will continue to encourage this type of collaboration to help spark new ventures, and accelerate the commercialization and deployment of new products and concepts, while jumpstarting the RI economy.
Thank you to Jerry DeLuca and the many fire fighters working to sound the alarm on the danger of toxic flame retardants.
New York’s apples are as resilient as its citizens - a quality crop means even better cider! 
Urging the Dept. of Labor to carefully consider SUNY's application for federal funding through the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College grant program to help place more New Yorkers from Onondaga County in mechatronics jobs at local businesses like Byrne Dairy.
Here's a great article in the Carlsbad Current-Argus about the Senate passing my bill last week to improve how the BLM handles oil and gas permits in Southeastern and Northwestern NM. http://www.currentargus.com/carlsbad-news/ci_26565944/u-s-senate-passes-bill-help-blm-oil
Hate has no place in New Mexico, and I’m proud to join with my colleagues and the NOH8 campaign to stand up against bullying and discrimination. Every American deserves to be treated with respect and dignity, and to be viewed equally under the law. More about the campaign at http://www.noh8campaign.com/article/noh8onthehill5
Yesterday, I was proud to join the hundreds of thousands who marched and made their voices heard at the People’s Climate March in NYC. I’ll keep fighting in the Senate for action on climate change, because Rhode Island is already seeing its effects.
Love is worth fighting for. I'm with NO H8 Campaign because equal means equal. No one should be discriminated against because of who they love, and we won't stop fighting until the law recognizes full equality for everyone.
 A couple of weeks ago while I was presiding in the Senate, my colleague Senator Sheldon Whitehouse gave an excellent speech explaining how the Citizens United ruling is linked to the Republicans' refusal to do anything on the environment. If we're going to discuss the dangers of climate change, we must discuss unlimited political spending by oil billionaires and other big polluters. Watch Sheldon's speech and share it with your friends. http://youtu.be/Ts-CUP1SIM4
