Good IN FORUM story re Marketplace Fairness. As a Fargo small business owner said: "It's about damn time."
Ending a great week at the annual Apple Blossom Festival and Firefighters' Parade in Winchester.
Spent the afternoon in Leesburg hearing from the local business community & talking about how the Marketplace Fairness Act would benefit them.
Just visited the Eden Center in Falls Church where I spoke with members of the Asian American community about immigration reform and other issues impacting their businesses. I also went to a deli I visited the day before the election in November. Must be good luck!
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
Senator Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, travels to Honduras and Guatemala.
NA
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 48 – Fayette County  Fact: Home to Marian McQuade, founder of Grandparents’ Day, which was first celebrated in West Virginia in 1973. It became a nationally designated day in 1979.  Recommendation: Don’t miss Bridge Day at the New River Gorge http://www.officialbridgeday.com/
Today's jobs report demonstrates our growth would be even stronger if our economy were not hampered by the meat-ax austerity Republicans have insisted upon for the past two years. To accelerate job gains for those Nevadans and Americans across our nation still looking for work, Republicans should work with Democrats to replace the sequester with a balanced approach that combines job-creating investments with targeted cuts and revenue measures that close loopholes and ensure that the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share.
“Granite Staters will always remember exactly where they were ten years ago when they heard the sad news that the Old Man of the Mountain had been lost. While he no longer stands proudly on the mountains of New Hampshire, the Old Man will always be remembered as a Granite State symbol of liberty, freedom and independence.” - JS
 
 In commemoration of the tenth anniversary of the loss of the Old Man on the Mountain, Senator Shaheen and Senator Kelly Ayotte have introduced a Senate resolution honoring New Hampshire’s state symbol. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/Zsnr2m
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.368559943248819.1073741830.357806137657533&type=1&l=a7b49e875d
Thank you to the staff, residents, and visitors at Pohai Nani for the tour and spirited discussion on Hawaii's future with Senator Schatz.
Taking questions from fourth graders in Great Falls.
Witnessed history in Rhode Island today! Governor Lincoln Chafee signed marriage equality into law, making RI the 10th state to do so.  I’m proud of our state for taking this important step toward equality for all and I hope we can soon achieve marriage equality at the federal level as well. Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree.
Talking immigration with leaders from our agriculture community at the Virginia Farm Bureau.
Spoke earlier at Asian/Latino trade conference in Richmond. Trade has been on back burner for too long. We need to move it forward.
