The FISA court serves a critical purpose in our national security apparatus, ensuring timely consideration of surveillance requests when seconds matter most. But the court in its current form — unaccountable, secretive, one-sided — is broken. It not only lacks any genuine transparency and accountability, but it also deprives the entire system of trust and credibility in the eyes of the American people. My proposal will bring transparency to the process for selecting FISA court judges and ensure a broader diversity of views on the bench.  The The New York Times Editorial Board agrees with this common sense approach. Read their take on the issue:  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/29/opinion/more-independence-for-the-fisa-court.html?smid=fb-share&_r=0
Cardin Says Momentum Is Building For Legislation To End Racial Profiling By Law Enforcement  Washington, DC -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today joined  Congressman John Conyers, Jr. and leading #civilrights groups to urge their colleagues in the Senate and House to come together and pass the End Racial Profiling Act. #Senator Cardin is the author of S. 1038, the Senate version of the bill, which has 16 cosponsors including Majority Leader  Senator Harry Reid (D-NV) and Assistant Majority Leader/Judiciary Committee Member Dick Durbin (D-IL), Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Barbara Boxer (D-CA), Christopher Coons (D-DE), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Tom Harkin (D-IA), Mazie Hirono (D-HI), the late Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ), Carl Levin (D-MI), Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Barbara Mikulski (D-MD), Christopher Murphy (D-CT), Debbie Stabenow (D-MI), Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), and Ron Wyden (D-OR). Congressman Conyers introduced his House companion bill today. This is the second time the two have been partners on this legislation.   “#Racial profiling is simply wrong. It doesn’t work, it wastes valuable resources and diminishes the willingness of targeted communities from trusting and working with police when the need is real,” said Senator Cardin. “We need a uniform definition of racial profiling so that law enforcement can concentrate on investigating real crimes and real leads, and men and women across the country can feel secure that they are not being pulled over or harassed by law enforcement solely based on their race, religion, national origin, or ethnicity. The vast majority of law enforcement officials, who put their lives on the line every day, work with professionalism, diligence, and fidelity to the rule of law. But racial profiling is legal in far too many states and we need to end this bad policy now.”  Racial profiling is defined in a standard, consistent definition as the practice of a law enforcement agent relying on race, ethnicity, religion, or national origin as a factor in their investigations and activities. The legislation creates an exception for the use of these factors where there is trustworthy information, relevant to the locality and time frame, which links persons of a particular race, ethnicity, or national origin to an identified incident or scheme.  The #Senate #Judiciary Committee held a hearing on “Ending Racial Profiling in America” in April 2012, in which Sen. Cardin testified about his legislation. The End Racial Profiling Act has been endorsed by  The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, The NAACP The Rights Working Group The ACLU Nationwide Blacks in Law Enforcement of America The Sikh Coalition and over 130 other national, state, and local civil and legal rights organizations.
Forty eight years ago, Medicare and Medicaid were founded. These laws were a huge step forward in how our nation approached the issue of healthcare. I hope we learn from the success of these programs and continue to push for access to quality, affordable healthcare for all Americans. Like and share if you agree!
The bipartisan Senate bill prioritizes job creation through investments in highways, transit, railways and ports. A safe, reliable and modern transportation system is vital to commerce in our state. Passage of this bill is important for our state’s ailing bridges and our roads and I’ll be urging Congress to pass this legislation this year.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Supreme Corp. announced plans to add 80 new positions at its Goshen-based firm.
Share this article (and good news) with your friends as today is the 48th anniversary of the #Medicare and #Medicaid programs.
EARLIER: Senator Donnelly joined Senator Claire McCaskill and Senator Rob Portman to introduce the Federal Permitting Improvement Act, a bill that would cut red tape to improve the permitting process for infrastructure projects, helping private industry create jobs.  They were joined by representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Building Trades, and Business Roundtable, organizations that support this bipartisan bill.
Donnelly Announces Senior Wise Seminars in Fort Wayne, Lafayette.
Thank you to my friend and our former ND Senator, Byron Dorgan for spending time with Cora, Jessica and Jared tonight.  They have been terrific interns in our Washington office!
What would you do to improve education outcomes for our children? Go on Twitter and submit your thoughts today. Use #AskHeidiH and we’ll discuss during my Twitter Town Hall on Thursday at 10:45 a.m. CT. Thanks!
We’re finally seeing movement toward more corporate transparency!  The SEC says within a month or two they’ll move closer to requiring public companies to disclose just how much more their CEO’s are paid than rank-and-file workers. It’s about time we all know just how much big-time CEOs are making, while middle class incomes decline.  In the video below I’m asking SEC Chair White about the timeline. Glad we’re finally on our way with this simple requirement!
At 4pm I'm hosting a panel discussion on juvenile justice reform. You can watch it live here: https://plus.google.com/b/108483156976116798423/events/c9bu6i2rchofrn8irr6dpplombs
Spoke on the Senate floor last night, as I do most weeks, to help tell the stories of the victims of gun violence. We've seen approximately 6,633 gun deaths in this country since December 14th. This place needs to wake up to the fact that we do have responsibility to act. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aBY6sm9Za0
Claire and Republican Senator Rob Portman introduced bipartisan legislation—endorsed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, several labor unions, and the Business Roundtable—that will cut down on burdensome and duplicative regulations, allowing infrastructure, development, and energy projects to be constructed more quickly, and providing a boost to the economy.
After listening to Gina McCarthy’s first speech as the new Administrator of the EPA, I can say that we completely agree on one thing: that clean energy technology will spur economic growth.  Clean coal technology already is being used and it’s having a direct impact on our environment and our economy. In the last ten years, U.S. coal emissions have been reduced by 50 percent and coal-fired electric plants are expected to spend at least $80 billion by 2015 on new technologies to further reduce emissions. These investments would have an even greater impact on our economy and environment if we had a partner instead of an adversary in the federal government.   Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16A0qP2
NA
Shaheen staff to hold office tomorrow, July 31 from 11:30 am to 12:30 pm in Lebanon and 1:30 to 2:30 pm in Hanover. All area residents are encouraged to attend!
48 years ago today President Lyndon Johnson signed the Medicare Act into law and proclaimed,  “No longer will older Americans be denied the healing miracle of modern medicine. No longer will illness crush and destroy the savings they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dignity in their later years.”  48 years later, I’m reaffirming that commitment to reliable, affordable health care for our seniors, both today and for generations to come. Click LIKE & SHARE to share your commitment.
Click below to read Senator Shaheen's op-ed with Senator Rob Portman on how their bipartisan energy efficiency plan will create jobs, reduce pollution and save money for taxpayers and consumers.
Encouraging signs of growth for New Hampshire exports! With 95 percent of the world's customers living outside the United States, promoting our state’s exporting will create jobs and strengthen our economy right here in New Hampshire.
Happy 48th birthday to Medicare and Medicaid. Senator Schatz pledges to protect these programs, which seniors and families in Hawaii depend on.
LIKE and SHARE this post to support my Forest Jobs bill that will put more Montanans to work taking care of our forests while protecting our most treasured lands.  My bill, which earned a Senate hearing today, is the product of Montanans from all walks of life coming together to break through the gridlock that’s hurt our forests and our economy for too long.
It was a pleasure welcoming Chief Erik Litzenberg of the Santa Fe Fire Department to my office today. He was here at the U.S. Capitol participating in the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change and how it affects fighting fires in New Mexico and the west. I am thankful for Chief Litzenberg's efforts keeping Santa Fe and the surrounding communities safe, and will continue doing all I can to make sure our firefighting personnel have the resources they need to protect New Mexico from devastating wildfires.
In a Banking Committee hearing today I pressed SEC Chair Mary Jo White to introduce regulations for equity #crowdfunding, a tool that allows entrepreneurs and small businesses to raise capital over the internet. There’s enormous opportunity to use this new tool in rural, smaller markets that don’t now have access to early-stage capital. I’ve traveled around Virginia and the country, and there’s a nascent industry waiting for the regulations to get done.
It was great to attend the launch of Kiva in Richmond yesterday. This is a great new opportunity for hard-working entrepreneurs here in Virginia to get targeted assistance to grow their businesses. Kiva is building on its proven track record in microfinance by launching this program which will support entrepreneurship, create local jobs, and continue the revitalization of our community.
