Here are some photos from my field staff on the ground in downtown Napa. I appreciated the briefing I got yesterday from Supervisor Luce  and I was pleased that my staff was able to meet with top officials in Napa, American Canyon and Vallejo.  It is clear that many buildings, both new and old, in Napa and surrounding areas suffered significant damage from the earthquake.  In Napa alone, 33 buildings have already been red-tagged. We are working together so that as soon as a disaster declaration is made by the President, we are ready to move swiftly to ensure that residents, businesses and communities are able to access federal programs that provide a lifeline after such emergencies.  I was heartened that the Department of Transportation released $2 million in emergency relief funds to help state and local officials begin making road and highway repairs in the Napa area. I thank President Obama and Secretary Foxx for that swift response.
Happy 98th birthday to the National Park Service! Here are a few of my favorite parks around Connecticut. Share yours in the comments!
In 1971, Congress designated Aug 26th as Women’s Equality Day to commemorate the passage of the 19th amendment. This day serves not only as a reminder of the dedication of the women who fought for the right to vote, but also as a reminder that we still have a long way to go. Women still earn 77 for every dollar that a man earns, they are still greatly affected by restrictive regulations and laws that impose burdensome requirements on access to reproductive health services. While great progress has been made, we have a long way to go towards equality.  Women and families matter, and their vote matters. Share this.
Women are the barometer of a nation's success and its stability. On this #WomensEqualityDay we celebrate those who fought hard to pass the 19th Amendment, granting women the right to vote. We also understand that there is more to be done.    I have introduced S.J.Res 15 a resolution in the United States Senate that reopens the door for final ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment (#ERA), finally guaranteeing women full protection under our Constitution.  Together, we can make sure that the our Constitution, a beacon for freedom and civil rights around the world prohibits discrimination against all women in this country.   Sign on as a Citizen Cosponsor. Share this with family and friends, and join me in the fight to ensure equal rights for all.  #RatifyERA 
Join Joe next Wednesday, September 3, in Indianapolis for a special screening of the PBS documentary “Coming Back with Wes Moore” on servicemembers’ transition home from war. Joe will lead a discussion following the screening and explain resources available to servicemembers and veterans if they need to seek help. The screening will begin at 6:00 PM (with a reception before at 5:30 PM) at WFYI Public Media, Reuben Community Room, 1630 N. Meridian Street.
Nearly 200 species of birds can be found in the various ecosystems at the Randall Davey Audubon Center & Sanctuary in Santa Fe.
On Women’s Equality Day, we’re reminded not only of the courageous leaders throughout history who fought for women's rights, but also of the unfinished work we still need to do. Let’s continue to tear down barriers that deny women a fair shot at success--like equal pay for equal work--because when we do, the possibilities are endless for what they can achieve.
Great to visit students at the new Thomas Jefferson Elementary School and see the progress toward rebuilding LCHS!
Just as Abigail Adams said ‘Do not forget the ladies or we will foment a revolution of our own.’ As we mark #WomensEqualityDay let’s recommit ourselves to the fight for #equalpay for equal work & a #fairshot for all women & families!
This morning, Claire had the honor of talking one-on-one with a staff member at the John J. Pershing VA Medical Center in Poplar Bluff, who is not only a veteran, but a current member of our National Guard. She also had the opportunity to thank a brave World War II veteran, while speaking with veterans in Poplar Bluff about the expansion of her Veterans Customer Satisfaction Program. Learn more about the program, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/vcsp
NA
Every year, the U.S. Senate Youth Program brings together the brightest young leaders from around our country for a once-in-a lifetime opportunity to experience American democracy. During the program, our students will get a firsthand look at the U.S. Senate, and they will gain an unparalleled understanding of the political processes of our government. This is a truly special opportunity for our West Virginia students to explore a future in public service, and I strongly encourage those who are interested in government to apply for this outstanding program. For more information and for details on how to apply, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ea29fbf8-d8a2-4ec5-8992-e2fafbe91463
The Nine Partners Meeting House in the Town of Washington dates from 1780 & is still in use today #NYtownoftheday
Don’t miss this morning’s editorial from the Washington Post that highlights the immediate need to address climate change. Here in New Hampshire we’re already experiencing consequences of climate change, and with the University of New Hampshire predicting that annual precipitation could increase 14 to 20 percent, potentially leading to more floods and storm damage, we can’t afford further inaction.   Read the Washington Post editorial here: http://wapo.st/1wwGGx5  
On this day in 1920, all American women gained the right to vote after the 19th Amendment became law.  Ninety-four years later, we must use the ballot box to make sure women receive equal pay for equal work and have access to basic health care.
This week my office is proud to host two Military Service Academies Night for students, parents and young adults interested in serving our nation. One of my duties as U.S. Senator is nominating outstanding young people from New Mexico to our nation’s academies, and if you are a high school student or recent graduate who is interested in serving our country at an academy, I urge you to apply.    Please join my staff tonight at the University of New Mexico’s Student Union Building, Ballrooms A&B, tonight, starting at 6pm in Albuquerque. On Thursday, my staff will be at Centennial High School in Las Cruces beginning at 6pm as well.    For more information, and to learn more about the process, watch this video below, and share it with others who would be good candidates. Thanks to all those who serve – past, present and future. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=academy_nominations
Thanks to all the wonderful businesses that welcomed me in Pawtuxet Village this morning.  I got to try some great food, meet the regulars, and hear from business owners who are creating jobs in Rhode Island and making this area in Cranston and Warwick a great place to be.
Check out the Virginian-Pilot’s editorial on “Restoring a sense of security on campus.” Good look into efforts to combat campus sexual assault, including our bipartisan #CASAct:   1.usa.gov/1tQA1Zd
