In one of the last days of this recess session, today I attended an event with the Denison Poequotsepos Nature Center to highlight the preservation of the Nature and Heritage Center at Coogan Farm; I met with the Connecticut Police Chiefs Association to discuss programs that allow law enforcement to purchase military hardware, and how that equipment is used; I attended a forum hosted by the CT Rail Commuters in which Waterbury Line commuters voiced their concerns about Metro-North; and I met with the Lyme Research Alliance to see how I could further support their work. Yesterday, I had a conversation with students at UConn about the cost of a college education, and the Senate's upcoming vote on student loan refinancing.   In all of these meetings and events, I am always thinking about how I can bring the voice of my constituents in Connecticut back to DC. When I return next week, we will surely discuss the events in Ferguson and I will have the voice of the CT Police Chiefs as I take action in the Senate. As we discuss transportation funding, I’ll remember those commuters on the Waterbury Line. When I vote on student loan refinancing I will have all the faces of those UConn students on my mind.  Your voice is important, and my time in Connecticut is invaluable. Thank you. -RB
"It is, I think, obscene that the federal government is making such a large profit off of #studentloans," Cardin said. "We can correct that in the United States Senate next week."  
Today U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski and I visited Bowie State University to talk to students about our efforts to make higher education more affordable.   Next week the Senate will have a real chance to lessen the burden on all the Americans who owe  a collective $1 trillion in student loan debt. We need to act, we need to break the filibuster. It won't solve all the systemic problems. It will make a real difference for so many Americans now. #BankOnStudents
I'm proud to now feature some Delaware artists' work in my Washington office so visitors here can see some of what the First State has to offer.  This particular piece by Laura Hickman depicts a Late Afternoon at Bethany Beach. I'd like to thank the artists and art holders who have put the work on loan with us, especially Chris Clark, Coastal Point newspaper, Fred Comegys, the Delaware Art Museum, Kevin Fleming, Laura Hickman, Larry Hinson, Tony Pratt, the Family of Howard Schroeder and thanks to Nick Serratore for expertly hanging the art.
Join us this Friday for a job fair at DelTech in Wilmington from 10-2. If you want help prepping for the job fair then join us tomorrow for a job skills workshop at the Wilmington Library from 10-3.
Sporting orange for Feeding America #HungerAction Day. No child should go to bed hungry. –Joe
If we want to be successful attracting outside investment, first we need to show that we are willing to invest in our own citizens. That should start with our kids and specifically early childhood education. 
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is holding trainings in New Town and Williston on September 10 - 12 for health care professional to learn how to identify victims of human trafficking. As we see the threat of human trafficking growing in North Dakota, it’s important that we work together as a community to keep our families and children safe, and these trainings play an important role in doing that.   
Today I testified at the U.S. Surface Transportation Board during a field hearing in Fargo to discuss my commitment to continuing to hold the railroads accountable for agriculture shipment delays across the state. I’ve been pushing on all sides – the rail roads, grain elevators and government agencies – such as the STB, to make sure our farmers know that their crops will get to market and not sit on the side of the road. Last week, I called out Canadian Pacific for its new, yet seriously flawed, system that ignores thousands of current unfulfilled requests from grain elevators. We need to keep pushing on the railroads to make more changes and end the backlog, and today’s hearing was a needed step.  http://1.usa.gov/1xgHw1a
Today at 1:00pm CT I’ll be testifying at the Surface Board Transportation field hearing in Fargo about agriculture shipment delays across the state. Watch live below. 
What's wrong with this picture? #RaiseTheWage
At the first National Clean Energy Summit in 2008, President Bill Clinton challenged Nevada to become the first “self-sufficient clean energy state in the nation”.  Today at the 7th annual Summit, I'm proud to say that Nevada has responded and we are proving that President Clinton’s challenge is achievable.
Looks like it was a beautiful day today in the Hudson Valley! #ExploreNY
September is Sepsis Awareness Month and organizations like the Rory Staunton Foundation are raising awareness and hosting forums to educate families and prevent tragedy. For more information visit: http://rorystaunton.com/
Next week, Senator Shaheen, along with Senators Ayotte, Nelson and Rubio, will introduce a bipartisan resolution in the Senate to honor the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff and condemn ISIS.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1twUmWS
“Young folks in Montana aren’t getting their #FairShot at success. US student debt is over $1.1 trillion, and the cost of college has increased by 300% during the past 30 years. It’s unfair, unsustainable, and crippling our economy.  Congress must help make Higher Education more affordable. Young folks ought to have #DegreesNotDebt”
Montana veterans earned high-quality health care, and they deserve to see results from reform at the VA.  The VA’s new recruitment drive and incentives to add more health professionals will improve care and services.  It’s part of my pledge to do everything I can for Montana veterans.
Rhode Islanders need relief from the student debt burden. That was the clear message Senator Jack Reed and I heard during a meeting today at CCRI in Newport.  Student loan debt is hurting our economy by pinching household budgets and limiting the ability of graduates to buy a home or make other long-term financial decisions.  Thankfully, the Senate is expected to consider legislation next week which would lower student loan payments for millions of Americans – including an estimated 88,000 Rhode Islanders. @Lori.Perretta and @Danielle.Dirocco.1 and Ryan Borden shared their experiences today, and you can, too, if have your own student loan interest rate stories: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/issues/student-loans. Looking forward to hearing from you.
The jury has spoken. This is a sad day for Virginia. I have known and worked with Bob McDonnell for more than 20 years, and my thoughts today are with Bob, Maureen, and their children.   I urge all Virginians to keep the McDonnell family in their prayers.
Please share: registration is NOW OPEN for the 5th Annual Virginia Women's Conference! This great event will be held Saturday November 15 at Old Dominion University in Norfolk. For more info and to RSVP visit http://bit.ly/1r9cIH5
T-minus 30 days ‘til the Virginia Science Festival kicks off! Proud to be an honorary chairman of this incredible event. Check out what's taking place in your area at www.virginiasciencefestival.org.
