Thanks to Obamacare, America’s uninsured rate is near a historic low! #ACAworks
Tammy is joining a bipartisan effort to improve part of the Chicago waterway in order to prevent the spread of invasive Asian carp.  “This invasive species threatens our freshwater economy – from the $5 billion commercial and sport fishing industry on the Great Lakes to the health of the water and our coastal communities.” - TB   Read more:
After months of urging from both myself and Senator Sherrod Brown, the FDA has issued a warning to consumers about the dangers of powdered caffeine.  This is simply not enough. Earlier this month, Sherrod and I met with the parents of Logan Stiner and Wade Sweatt to hear their stories, and to bring attention to this critical issue. Both of their sons tragically died after using the product. It’s an unfortunate fact that overdosing is not only easy but virtually unavoidable because the measure of a safe dose versus an overdose is so small. Logan and Wade were both incredibly intelligent young men—an overdose could happen to anyone.   The FDA must take stronger action and ban this dangerous product. http://j.mp/1DQobHt
Good to see #Baltimore announced as a Official Concacaf  #GoldCup2015 host city. Baltimore knows #football & #Fútbol
When you're fighting for #humanrights you can't be quiet about it. The world wasn't quiet and Alan Gross is home.
Today, I joined Congressman John Carney and Gov. Jack Markell to celebrate that Delaware now has a national park that preserves and teaches the lessons of our state’s heritage and its role in our country’s history.  We also celebrated a true public servant, Russ Smith, the superintendent of the national park who is retiring after more than 40 years with the National Park Service. Congrats Russ!
Check out The League of Conservation Voters 2014 Highlights video, talking about the need to #ActonClimate before it is too late. http://on.fb.me/1yYAPfw
Joe announced his committee assignments for the 114th Congress today. In addition to continuing to serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee, Agriculture Committee, and Special Committee on Aging, Joe will join the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee.  “I look forward to continuing my work on behalf of servicemembers on the Armed Services Committee, especially in the area of mental health. Further, there is ongoing work in the Agriculture Committee to properly implement the five-year Farm Bill and meet the needs of our ag sector. We have more to do in the Aging Committee, also, in the area of the protecting seniors from scams and fraud. Finally, I look forward to the new opportunity to represent Hoosiers on the Banking Committee. From this new committee, I will be able to address issues affecting Indiana financial institutions and their customers, economic development, housing, and export financing.” -Joe
Finally back in North Dakota, only to find my Bismarck office was invaded by the North Pole.
Bipartisan legislation that I helped introduce to combat international drug trafficking – a problem which is unfortunately now coming directly into the U.S., and specifically North Dakota -- passed unanimously in the Senate. I visited Mexico earlier this year and met with Mexican officials who spoke of international cartels going to the U.S. to traffic illegal drugs. When I served as North Dakota’s Attorney General, tracings mass quantities of drugs had to go three or four steps back to Mexican cartels, usually coming from Denver or the southwest, but now there is a direct link to our state. We must tighten the laws that have allowed these criminals to make massive inroads across our borders with impunity – and that’s exactly what this bill would do. Since bringing the White House Drug Czar to North Dakota two summers ago, we’ve seen strong federal action to address drug crime in our state.  I’ll make sure that continues and that we stop these dangerous actions so we can keep North Dakota’s communities strong and safe well into the future.
Check out this article in AgWeek about how the new policies with Cuba will help North Dakota farmers.
Today’s news about the U.S. policy with Cuba will help our farmers do their jobs, as we need to make sure they have export opportunities to ship their products around the country and the world. Cuba is a prime market for North Dakota farmers – it imports 80% of its food, and there is strong demand for many of the products predominantly grown in our state, both for feeding the Cuban people and its growing agricultural sector. Rather than Cuba importing beans, corn, and grain from our agricultural competitors, our farmers should be able to provide more of our products to feed Cuba. North Dakota’s former Senators also understood the importance of expanding agriculture export access to Cuba, as it will support North Dakota’s economy and help address low American commodity prices by opening new markets. And today’s announcement provides Cuba access to much-needed agriculture equipment made in the U.S. for its growing agricultural sector. This piece of today’s announcement is good for our farmers, state, and the country.
I was so pleased to be at Andrews AFB to welcome Alan Gross as he touched ground back in the United States of America on Wednesday.  I am so honored to be part of his first day back home in five years. This is a new day and a monumental breakthrough.    Late Tuesday night I got the call from Vice President Biden that Alan Gross will be coming home after so many years of imprisonment by the Cuban government, and I was overwhelmed with emotion. I am so honored and want to thank all those who helped make this happen.  During his long imprisonment, Alan’s health deteriorated. He suffered tremendously. His wife Judy and two daughters fought every single day for his release. Today Alan is free!    I applaud his release and hope that he can finally get the care and assistance he so desperately needs.
The holidays are a great time to be in Connecticut. Cities and towns across the state are putting on fun holidays traditions this season. Below are a few of my favorites - let me know yours in the comments: - Winterfest Skating in Bushnell Park in Hartford is free and open 7 days a week: http://bit.ly/1J3CGIf - Lantern Light Tours at Mystic Seaport is a play unfolds throughout the maritime village: http://bit.ly/1ApKbU1 - Holiday on Main Street in Middletown features entertainment every week ranging from free horse and carriage rides to Santa Claus: http://bit.ly/1ztFkCK - 16th Annual Meyer Holiday 5K Run for Toys in Fairfield collects toys for kids in need. This year's race is on Dec. 21st: http://bit.ly/1GQE5xJ - The Silver Lights Festival in Hubbard Part in Meriden is a beautiful display with over 200,000 white lights: http://bit.ly/13yHk0C
With one week and counting till Christmas, why not leave you with a little #TBT picture of Claire and her sister (on the left) with none other than Santa himself.
WATCH: A special edition of "Rewrite" on The Last Word With Lawrence O'Donnell: What happens when you rewrite Senate rules.
The sudden and tragic death of Marshall University President Stephen Kopp is incredibly shocking and heartbreaking. The Marshall community has truly lost one of its best. There is no doubt that Stephen will leave behind a legacy as an outstanding leader, a beloved adopted West Virginian, and a dedicated husband and father. Gayle and I join all West Virginians in keeping Jane, the entire Kopp family and the Marshall and Huntington communities in our thoughts and prayers as they grieve and try to get through this painful time, especially as we approach the holidays.
Here are 28 ways we delivered for Nevada in the lame duck session, from protecting public lands to investing in renewable energy:  http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-17-12-reid-delivers-for-nevada-in-lame-duck-session
The government spending bill passed over the weekend includes an important provision championed by Senator Shaheen that expands basic reproductive health care access to female Peace Corps volunteers.   Read more about Senator Shaheen’s efforts here: http://wapo.st/1z0PR4r
In Choteau, celebrating the passage of the Rocky Mountain Front Heritage Act today with supporters.  With the Front as our backdrop, we pledged to continue to find more ways to preserve Montana’s special places and outdoor heritage while strengthening our economy.  #KeepItPublic
One of my most important duties is to help ensure veterans get the support and benefits they have earned. I was honored to help Vietnam veteran George Allen Ortiz, a Marine, receive several medals recognizing his service. I regret deeply that I couldn't make the ceremony in person, but I'm very pleased that the medals were presented to him today. Like so many of our veterans, Al’s service didn't end when he came home. Whether it is the homeless, or a fellow veteran who needs a helping hand, Al continues to serve. He is someone who gave so much—and continues to give. Thank you Al, our nation is forever in your debt.   As a measure of our gratitude, these medals were presented today:  The National Defense Service medal The Vietnam Service medal The Vietnam Campaign medal The First Marine division medal Vietnam Veteran coin Gold Vietnam Veteran engraved coin Psalm 23 coin
Today, we welcomed five European companies to Rhode Island, thanks to the hard work of Governor Lincoln Chafee, Marcel Valois, and the team at Commerce RI.  It’s great to see new jobs and investment headed to Rhode Island!
I have long been an advocate for the release of unjustly imprisoned U.S. citizen Alan Gross, and  I am pleased he has been reunited with his family. We must never lose sight of the shortcomings of the Cuban government, and continue to press them strongly on human rights. However, I am also optimistic that the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba, the release of Alan Gross, and this week’s exchange of prisoners represents the first steps toward a relationship that will benefit both nations economically and culturally.  When I had the privilege of serving as Virginia Governor, we signed a nearly million-dollar agricultural export deal with Cuba in 2002. That was Virginia’s first export deal with Cuba in the 40 years since President Kennedy imposed the 1962 trade embargo. Virginia agricultural exports to Cuba now top $38 million a year.   I look forward to working on this important issue in the next session of Congress.
Just before the Senate adjourned, I asked for a unanimous consent vote on my Truth in Settlements Act. The bipartisan bill is simple: If the government is going to use settlements to hold corporations accountable – rather than taking them to trial for breaking the law – the government should make the terms of those settlements public. The only group objecting to the bill is the Chamber of Commerce, a powerful lobbying organization for giant corporations, who says that if the public knew those facts, they’d demand more accountability for corporate wrongdoing. (Exactly.) I was disappointed but not surprised that some Senate Republicans objected to the vote. We’ll reintroduce and keep fighting for passage of the Truth in Settlements Act in the next Congress.
