Tammy recently received the Senate’s “golden gavel” for presiding over the chamber for 100+ hours. When presenting her with the honor, Senator Reid said “we have not had a harder working Senator.”
Tammy recently spoke to Salon about about the Tea Party shutdown and their threat of a government default, explaining her thoughts on both:   “The basic and most central part of our jobs as elected representatives of the people is to keep the government running and to make sure that the United States of America pays its bills on time. There is a lot that we should be discussing…but not in this context of shutdowns and threatened default.” - TB
Today I stood with my Senate colleagues on the steps of the U.S. Capitol to highlight how the government shutdown is terribly hurting Virginians - from veterans like Mark Wright of Stafford County who is furloughed from DOD for the second time this year, to the cancellation of back-to-back weekends of major events that attract thousands of visitors to Chincoteague. 
 
 We need to rally out of patriotic love for this nation to re-open government to protect our fiscal system and then use the regular processes of legislation to talk about any other issue that the American public wants. 
 
 More here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/warner-kaine-highlight-shutdown-impact-in-virginia-urge-house-leaders-to-re-open-government-pay-our-bills-and-negotiate-
In Connecticut, thousands of federal workers are being furloughed because of the shutdown. Tens of thousands more private sector workers who rely on those federal jobs are impacted as well. The continuing government shutdown is a not a game. This is people's jobs -- it's real life. If you've been impacted, share your story at http://www.chrismurphy.com/shutdown
I sent a letter to the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration informing them that I will be calling for a full investigation after news reports of ‘pay to play’ allegations between the pharmaceutical industry and FDA officials overseeing safety regulations of painkiller medicine.  Please read more here: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ee800e5c-e8ba-4b7f-9ee0-c6fd4571e2c8
How Speaker Boehner can end this crisis, in 3 simple steps:
Some in Congress have suggested it's OK if America defaults. I find that stunning. The last major industrial nation to default was Argentina back in December 2001: its currency lost 75% of its value, inflation surged past 100%, unemployment topped 25%, and most families lost more than half of their net worth in a matter of days. Obviously, America is in a stronger position than Argentina -- but why would we willingly even come close to this kind of economic catastrophe?
“Irresponsible – and no way to govern.”  That’s how I describe the congressional paralysis that’s left the government shut-down and  thousands of federal workers furloughed without pay for a second week. Watch my floor speech.
