Today I joined twelve of my Senate colleagues in support of net neutrality: 
Share if you agree: Health care choices should be made by women and their families—not politicians, judges, or CEOs. #NotMyBossBusiness 
Hearing testimony on the Women’s Health Protection Act. Tune in now: http://bit.ly/ActForWomen #ActForWomen
At 10am ET I am chairing a hearing on the Women’s Health Protection Act—a piece of legislation that would provide a clear response to regulations and laws that impose unnecessary tests, procedures and restrictions — including requirements for physical layout in clinics — on reproductive services.  Tune in here, and share: http://bit.ly/ActForWomen
I was appalled to hear the news that such hateful graffiti was found on the walls of the former #Army Reserve Center in #CarrollCounty. America’s immigration system is broken and needs urgent attention, but the way to achieve that is to urge the House of Representatives to pass the comprehensive immigration reform bill approved by the Senate last year. I was pleased to see that the Maryland State Police are investigating this matter as a hate crime and will pursue it to the fullest extent possible. We should have a respectful debate about immigration reform and how to cope with the latest wave of activity at our southern #border. We cannot allow such a conversation to devolve to the lowest common-denominator of xenophobia and ignorance.  The current wave of young children being sent to the U.S. to escape the most desperate situations in their own countries, particularly #Guatemala, #Honduras and #ElSalvador is a #humanitarian crisis. The majority of these children should be sent home to their families, but while they are in our custody, we have a responsibility to treat them humanely, as children, and not as prisoners
Today I called on the Federal Communications Commission to ensure #NetNeutrality. We must prevent broadband providers from creating internet fast lanes for those who can pay, leaving others stuck in traffic.   An open Internet has become the world's most successful platform for innovation, job-creation and entrepreneurialism.  An open Internet enables freedom of expression and the sharing of ideas around the world.  An open Internet is driving economic growth throughout the United States.   Accordingly, it would be appropriate for the FCC to reclassify broadband to reflect the vital role the Internet plays in carrying our most important information and our greatest ideas.
It was great to meet the employees at Bloom Energy in Newark this week. Keep up the great work!
NA
As a father and a grandfather, it breaks my heart to see the child refugee crisis on the border. It is a human tragedy. Yesterday, I had the chance to visit some of the kids. I wish some of the critics of child refugees would spend an hour like I did yesterday. http://politics.suntimes.com/article/chicago/sen-durbin-says-border-kids-not-danger-illinois-citizens/mon-07142014-1012pm
It was a pleasure to meet with Indiana Farm Bureau President Don Villwock this afternoon to discuss ongoing efforts to implement the Farm Bill in a way that best serves Hoosier farm communities.
New UC Davis report highlights drought’s harrowing effects on California economy. These negative effects cannot be ignored. I’m working with other California members to limit catastrophic harm. 
Senate confirms Norman Bay and Cheryl LaFleur to FERC. They bring strong experience to energy regulation. 
A special congratulations to UCSF, UCLA and Cedars-Sinai medical centers—ranked among top hospitals in the country by U.S. News and World Report.
Attention Veterans in the Spirit Lake area: The VA is holding a two day event on July 23 & 24 at the Blue Building in Fort Totten. There will be information about benefits, education, and VA officials will be able to answer your questions. At my Native American Veterans Summit last month in Bismarck, I heard about how the lack of resources and assistance made it difficult for folks to obtain the benefits they need and have earned. This event is a great step toward fixing that problem.
Met with Marica Hellandsaas from Watford City and Lisa Pederson from Bismarck who are a part of the NDSU Extension Service and are visiting DC through a leadership development program. Great to learn more about the great work they do in our state.
Met with the Surface Transportation Board Chairman today to ask him to look into concerns I’m hearing from North Dakota farmers that the railroads may not be able to move out last year’s crops in time for the coming crop year’s harvest due to extensive delays. The STB is looking into this information so our farmers can have all the information they need, and we’ll continue to pressure Canadian Pacific and BNSF to improve their service and actually follow through to restore the reliable and affordable service that North Dakota’s farmers and shippers rely on. 
ICYMI – Joined CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning to talk about how Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is providing predictability to the financial markets and helping lead the US toward economic recovery, while standing up struggling families. 
Tune in now as I take the Senate floor to discuss the #HobbyLobby decision & our bill to fix it:
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will host Kaine Connects office hours in Duffield. To RSVP or for information on time and location, click here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
Proud to meet with General Dunford, ISAF commander and nominee for United States Marine Corps Commandant.
Thank you Arlington National Cemetery for remembering a Missourian who proudly served his country - becoming the the only person to be promoted in his own lifetime to General of the Armies. According to the Cemetery, he was buried, as was his wish, under a simple white gravestone in Section 34 of Arlington National Cemetery, near the gravesites of his "Doughboys" from World War I.
Today, I voted to support the nominations of Cheryl LaFleur to be Chair of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and Norman Bay to be a member on the Commission. I have serious concerns about Mr. Bay’s lack of regulatory experience, but after assurances from Senator Landrieu and the White House, I believe it’s acceptable that nine months on the Commission will help prepare him to take over as Chairman. I have always said that our country should establish an all-of-the-above energy policy that is focused on the reliability of our grid system rather than the desirability of currently unobtainable environmental goals. I hope today’s vote puts us on that path.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e4ae5885-d8fa-42e1-9d01-5f211659cf38
Have you seen the award-winning "Hollow" documentary? Please take a minute to watch the compelling trailer and join me, my staff and filmmaker Elaine McMillion Sheldon for a special viewing in Washington D.C. on July 22 from 6-8 p.m. For more information or to RSVP: HollowEvent@manchin.senate.gov  http://bit.ly/1tMSFFv
West Virginians, please join me, my staff and filmmaker Elaine McMillion Sheldon for a special viewing of the award winning documentary, “Hollow,” in Washington, D.C. on July 22 from 6-8 p.m.  RSVP to HollowEvent@manchin.senate.gov or call (202)224-3954.
Here are the details of the "Not My Boss' Business Act" which the Senate will vote on tomorrow afternoon. I hope you'll support it. We have a long way to go to ensure women are treated equal in all aspects of the law, as they should be.
ICYMI: Wrote an oped in today’s @NYPost:
Tomorrow, the Senate will vote to overturn the Hobby Lobby decision that gave corporations more power to make health care decisions for their employees. Employers should not be standing between women and their doctors, and tomorrow’s vote gives Congress a chance to restore access to care.
Thanks to Paul T for submitting this great photo of the recent rainfall in New Mexico. I'm grateful for the much needed moisture across the state. Stay safe everyone!
Right now, we have a unique opportunity to address two of RI’s biggest problems: our unemployment rate and our crumbling infrastructure. That’s why I’m fighting for an extension of federal funding for bridge and road work that could help protect an estimated 3,600 jobs in RI. It’s one of the single most important investments we can make in our state’s future. http://1.usa.gov/Wfb7YP
On the 150th anniversary of her birth, we honor the life and legacy of Virginia's own incredible Maggie L. Walker. She devoted her life to making sure women and African Americans had access to education and economic opportunity and was a courageous trailblazer who helped pave the road to equality. Her resilience, leadership, and vision continue to inspire today.
$848 million for USS George Washington (CVN 73) refueling is excellent news for Virginia and Hampton Roads. Represents months of strong, bipartisan work by our Congressional delegation. 
