In a state that already has the nation’s highest rate of fatal gun violence between partners, Kentucky just doubled down by enacting a new law that makes it easier for victims to carry a firearm.  The problem? Increased access to firearms doesn't actually protect victims: in America, on average, 46 women are shot to death by a current or former husband or boyfriend each month. The presence of a gun in domestic violence situations increases the risk of homicide for women by 500%. Kentucky’s new law doesn’t help protect victims—if anything it will cause additional harm.  We need federal action to help protect survivors of domestic violence. That’s why I’ve introduced the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act: it would prevent those under temporary restraining orders from possessing or purchasing guns, and its passage would be an important step towards protecting victims of domestic violence. http://j.mp/1rk0wH1 http://j.mp/1m3AR3k
Happening Now: Capitol Hill Briefing: Bipartisan Panel on Restoring Voting Rights  Featuring Senator Rand Paul ACLU Nationwide & Brennan Center for Justice at NYU Law.   Watch Live.  
"A community that is vulnerable to #antisemitism is also vulnerable to discrimination and hate crimes against people of African ancestry, against Muslims, against Roma, against Christians and any other ethnic or religious minority." - Ben at U.S. Helsinki Commission hearing on Anti-Semitism, Racism and Discrimination in the #OSCE Region  Watch live here.  
As a former concert promoter, I am always interested in the music scene in Delaware. The Milton Theatre has some exciting things going on and is inspiring the next generation with its theater camp. Thank you to Fred Munzert for taking me on a tour of the renovated theater and to the campers for giving me a preview of their end-of-camp concert.
The bipartisan bill President Obama signed into law today is about not giving up on American workers, and not giving up on American manufacturing.
Tune in here: http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2 to watch me speak about the need to stop the practice of corporate tax dodging
Met with Congressman André Carson and Assistant Attorney General Karol Mason from the U.S. Department of Justice this afternoon to discuss how we can help communities across Indiana, including Indy, curb violent crime.
“I look forward to the day when jobs are competing for the same workers instead of workers competing for the same job. With this bipartisan, commonsense bill, we are now one step closer to reaching that day.” –Joe on the signing into law today of the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, which included elements of his own skills gap legislation.
Honored to meet a survivor of Pearl Harbor at Culver Lake Fest 2014 this weekend.
It is past time for Congress to take meaningful action to reduce the threat of cyber attacks. Read my op-ed in the San Jose Mercury News:
This brave Afghan girl offers a lesson about resilience in the face of tragedy. Read her story in the Los Angeles Times:
The airports in Fargo, Williston and Hettinger received about $4.5 million in federal funds for needed upgrades, improvements, and safety resources. Making investments in our state’s aviation infrastructure is critical to helping North Dakota meet the growing demands while also building out an industry that will sustain our state for years to come. 
Today the U.S. Department of Agriculture provided details for farmers on how to comply with the Farm Bill’s new conservation rules that are tied to full participation in the crop insurance program. Check out details: http://1.usa.gov/1A1YAXT
Today I called on Canadian Pacific Railroad to address the delay of ag shipments and provide information about the steps it will take to get the poor issues with rail service resolved in time for the coming harvest. North Dakota farmers are rightfully concerned that railroad delays will hamper their ability this harvest season to store their crops and get them to market - they work too hard to produce high-quality foods to have their livelihoods threatened by inadequate transportation service. 
The life and legacy of Mattie Stepanek continues to inspire us all as an advocate for peace whose message has reached millions around the world. Though his death was a true tragedy, his life was a triumph. He was a gifted author and noted peacemaker. I was so touched to have met Mattie and heard first-hand his determined message of hope. I’m proud to honor Mattie and his call for hope and peace that lives on and will continue to inspire future generations. 
Claire met today with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and Senator Richard Blumenthal to continue their collaborative effort to introduce legislation to combat sexual assaults on college campuses. #1is2Many
My thoughts and prayers are with the families and communities being impacted by the ongoing wildfires in Oregon.  Please know I am monitoring the situation and will keep working to secure adequate resources to mitigate and manage these fires as well as additional funds to prevent future fires.
The "Turn This Town Around" project is a great opportunity to get involved and make a difference in your local community. Through this program, residents in Grafton and Matewan have been organizing restoration and development projects that will improve their towns. I encourage all West Virginians to look into this opportunity to revitalize their communities. The next meeting is in Grafton on August 4th. For more information on the project, please click here: http://ttta.wvfocus.com/
We must keep working to ensure that our miners are never denied benefits due to unethical legal and medical practices. Read the statement I submitted this morning at the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee hearing in response to the 2013 Center for Public Integrity (CPI) report on black lung benefits: 1.usa.gov/1jTrgNQ
I'm looking forward to this evening's viewing of the Emmy-nominated "Hollow" documentary. If you are in the Washington D.C. area and are still interested in attending the event, please RSVP to HollowEvent@manchin.senate.gov. If you can't make it to the event, I encourage you to check out the award-winning film online: http://hollowdocumentary.com/
We need to do everything we can to help responsible homeowners.  Today I sent a letter urging the Federal Reserve to divert leftover funds from the Independent Foreclosure Review (IFR) to the Hardest Hit Fund RI, which is in need of additional foreclosure prevention funding.    It is critical that the federal government, in partnership with state and local agencies, employs every tool in its arsenal to help homeowners avoid foreclosure and get back on their feet.  If there are leftover funds, we are ready to put that money to good use in Rhode Island.  Read the letter: http://www.scribd.com/doc/234782583/Reed-Letter-to-Fed-Chair-Yellen-Comptroller-Curry-on-Residual-IFR-Funds
Our political primary system needs reform; top two would moderate our politics. Read more in The New York Times http://t.co/wcurxQgwKr
NA
Summer is in full swing and so are Montana’s Glacier National Park and Yellowstone National Park. Go out and explore our treasured places and remember why Montana is The Last Best Place and why we have to preserve our public lands  #keepitpublic
Very pleased to see the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act signed into law today to open new opportunities for workers in New Mexico. This new law will help workers land good-paying 21st century jobs — while enabling employers to find the highly skilled employees they need to help them grow and expand their businesses. This bill is a critical investment in New Mexico’s workforce, and I was proud to work across party lines to get it passed for our economy. http://www.whitehouse.gov/ready-to-work
Last week's Job To Career Readiness Bootcamp workshop in Southern New Mexico was a great success, and I'm proud to partner with community leaders on the next one to help job seekers strengthen their interview skills and better prepare themselves to land a job.  If you're in the Las Cruces area and looking for a job, I encourage you to register for an upcoming workshop. If you know someone looking for a job, please share this link with them. Employers in the area are seeking to fill up to 1,000 jobs, and these events will help local residents obtain the skills needed to fill these positions. Click below and register today!  Special thanks to the Mesilla Valley Economic Development Alliance (MVEDA), Doña Ana Community College, and the City of Las Cruces Government. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/bootcamp/
Unfortunately, we’ve seen more and more American jobs shipped overseas in recent years and it’s hurting our economy. It’s time to stop rewarding companies for moving overseas and start rewarding them for bringing jobs back home. Tomorrow, I’ll vote to Bring Jobs Home and I’m calling on my colleagues to do the same because taxpayers shouldn’t be footing the bill to help create jobs in other countries.
Our NATO allies should not be rewarding Putin’s inexcusable behavior by providing him with deadly weapons. President Obama must condemn in the strongest possible terms the plan by France to sell these warships to Russia.
This morning I went to the Senate floor to say happy birthday to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Just three years since opening, the agency has already returned more than $4 billion to people who were cheated, and has helped tens of thousands of consumers resolve complaints. Watch my speech about how the CFPB is helping families in Massachusetts and across the country: 
