And here is a link to my modern playlist. Hope you enjoy this one, too.
Hey all, Claire here. In Missouri, we love our country music. Here are two lists of some of my favorite country. One is classic, with the old standards of my childhood, including Missouri's own Porter Wagoner who gave Dolly Parton her start. And then some of today's stuff. From Tennessee Ernie Ford to Jason Aldean, "it's all good."  I've posted the Country Classics list below and I'll followup with a link to my Country Modern playlist. Let me know what you think.
Today, the 2nd largest gun rights groups behind the NRA, the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms, has endorsed our bill.  Alan Gottlieb, Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms:  “If you read the Manchin-Toomey substitute amendment, you can see all the advances for our cause that it contains like interstate sales of handguns, veteran gun rights restoration, travel with firearms protection, civil and criminal immunity lawsuit protection, and most important of all, the guarantee that people, including federal officers, will go to federal prison for up to 15 years if they attempt to use any gun sales records to set up a gun registry.”  Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/04/joe-manchin-pat-toomey-gun-rights-group-endorses-90033.html#ixzz2QToWD22y http://politi.co/YnRxU9
Tune in this morning to the Sunday Morning shows where Senator Manchin will be talking about the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act that he introduced.   Senator Manchin will be talking to Candy Crowley on CNN during the 9:00 a.m. hour and he will be on CBS Face the Nation’s talking with Bob Schieffer at 10:30 a.m.  Senator Manchin will also be on MSNBC’s Weekend with Alex Witt at 12:30 p.m. and on Fox’s America’s Newsroom Headquarters at 1:30 p.m.  Please tune in or check out our website to get the facts on this bill and how it will help keep our children safe while protecting the Second Amendment rights of legal gun owners.    http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/
