Despite torrential rain, more than 250 supporters came out for Tammy's 7th Annual Summer BBQ in Madison. What a night, and what an intro from Rep. Melissa Sargent. Thanks to all who came for braving the storm! 
Earlier this week, Tammy was joined by friends and supporters including Rep. Ron Kind, Rep. Jill Billings, and Crawford County Board Chair Pete Flesch at an event in LaCrosse. Check out photos from the night here! 
NA
Good to see Barack Obama supporting #DCStatehood. Residents of Washington D.C deserve the same rights and representation as the rest of the country. 
It was a pleasure to stop by the Young Bean when I was traveling through Clayton recently. I learned how to make one mean cup of coffee from owner Eric Young, a member of the DE Air National Guard, and met his family and a few of loyal customers.
"For him to come and visit the plant, work on the line, and relate to some of our employees today, we are very much honored and we see brighter days for the RV industry ahead," President of Thor Industries, Bob Martin said of Joe working the production line at Thor Industries.  #DonnellyDay http://www.wsbt.com/news/local/sen-donnelly-gets-firsthand-look-at-production-lines-at-thor-industries-in-elkhart/27302940 
Watch Joe work the production line at Thor Industries during "Donnelly Days," an ongoing series of events where he will work alongside Hoosiers in a variety of jobs and professions in communities across Indiana. #DonnellyDay  http://www.wndu.com/home/headlines/Senator-Donnelly-works-RV-production-line-269894741.html 
Joe met with the Indypendence Job Corps Center students and staff in Indianapolis on Wednesday. Indypendence Job Corps provides career technical and academic training to eligible young people.
Joe participated in National Night Out events last night in Indy's Homecroft and Garfield Park neighborhoods. National Night Out promotes police-community partnerships and crime prevention efforts, as well as build neighborhood camaraderie.
Senator Donnelly attended National Night Out events on Tuesday in Indianapolis' Homecroft Neighborhood and Garfield Park.
I strongly support targeted airstrikes against ISIL in Iraq. It takes an army to defeat an army, and I believe that we either confront ISIL now or we will be forced to deal with an even stronger enemy in the future. Inaction is no longer an option.  http://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=14eeb9b3-93ab-407e-a380-b895faf699ea
I will look closely at President Obama's decision to launch targeted airstrikes in Iraq, but I share New Mexicans' weariness about any expansion of U.S. involvement in Iraq and strongly oppose putting boots on the ground.  I have serious concerns for mission creep, which is why it's important that the President clearly articulate to Congress what our goal is.   I recognize that the threat from ISIS is real and extends to U.S. interests both in the Middle East and at home. There currently does not exist a more extreme terrorist group than ISIS — and they are well funded, well armed, and have no intention of stopping until their goals are realized. I support the President sending humanitarian aid to the thousands of stranded, displaced Iraqi civilians who face death by either starvation or slaughter at the hands of ISIS.   Now more than ever, it is imperative for Iraq to form a government that is representative of all its people and to take responsibility for its own security.
Making the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge a reality has truly been a community effort and is representative of New Mexico's tremendous role in preserving America's outdoor heritage. Our state is now home to the Southwest’s first urban national wildlife refuge--enriching not only the lives of our children and all who visit, but also strengthening the local economy. I commend Secretary Jewell for her unwavering support for full and permanent funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which makes projects like the Valle de Oro possible.
Today I joined a major panel for one of the nationwide meetings the U.S. Department of Energy is hosting as it works to develop a comprehensive national energy strategy. When North Dakota wasn’t included on the original list of locations, I reached out to U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to hold one of the meetings in our state as it’s at the forefront of energy production. As I have long said, we can’t talk about a national energy policy without talking about energy infrastructure and transportation. Today, Secretary Moniz heard firsthand about the vital role North Dakota’s energy resources and infrastructure play in our national energy strategy. http://1.usa.gov/1r6S7oc
Today I congratulated Affinity Global Solutions at its grand opening in Bismarck. Small businesses are the backbone of North Dakota’s and the nation’s economies. Affinity Global Solutions is just one example of the many thriving small businesses that have blossomed in our state. As a member of the Senate Committee on Small Business, I’ll continue working to help small businesses across North Dakota and the country get the resources and support they need to help grow our economy. http://1.usa.gov/V48kAv
Check out this Forum article where U.S. Energy Secretary Moniz and I discuss today's major national energy policy meeting in Bismarck that will focus on North Dakota's energy infrastructure.  
NA
You shouldn’t have to pay more on your mortgage or credit card just because you had the bad luck to need medical care: 
Senator Shaheen released the following statement this evening on the passing of former Public Service of New Hampshire President Gary Long:   "Gary was a dedicated, hard working, and passionate business and civic leader whose commitment to making New Hampshire a better place to live will not be forgotten. I was sad to hear of his sudden passing and my thoughts are with his family and loved ones."   -JS
Congratulations to the men and women of the 157th New Hampshire Air National Guard Air Refueling Wing and Pease Air National Guard Base on being the first selected to receive the  new KC-46A air refueling tankers. A source of pride for the Seacoast and all of New Hampshire! http://bit.ly/1r6qV8V
I was honored to be named the National Retail Federation's Legislator of the Year last week. I spoke with them recently about the important role the retail industry plays in job creation and economic development in Virginia. I also gave a shout out to one of my favorite places,the Draper Mercantile and Trading Company! bit.ly/1A01DyI
Massachusetts and Rhode Island are home to the largest Cape Verdean population in the United States. This morning, Congressman Joe Kennedy III and Congressman David Cicilline, Massachusetts State Senator Marc R. Pacheco and I welcomed Cape Verdean President Jorge Carlos Fonseca to Boston following the US-Africa Leaders Summit in Washington.
