Last month, Congresswoman Susan Davis and I introduced the Survivor Outreach and Support Campus Act (S.O.S. Campus Act), legislation that would require colleges and universities to establish an independent, on-campus advocate to support survivors of sexual assault.   Yesterday, I wrote to California’s public and private universities, asking them to voluntarily implement its provisions by creating an independent victim’s advocate on every California campus. To read my letters, please click here.   As our students return to campus, they are counting on their universities to not only educate them, but also to protect them.  At a time when one in five female students has been assaulted at college, survivors of sexual assault deserve an advocate who will fight for them every step of the way.   I am working hard to pass the S.O.S. Campus Act in Congress, but our students cannot afford to wait another minute for that happen.  
I sat down with the New Haven Register to discuss issues critical to our national security, and to our local communities. We talked about terrorism overseas, policing our communities, and campus sexual assault. Read and share: http://j.mp/VQA7Ek
NA
In Easton, continuing my push for a National Caregiver Corps- a plan to aid aging residents and their families who provide care.
Touring the STEMulus Center at CNM Central New Mexico Community College and discussing how education and training offered here helps students gain the skills needed to compete for the jobs of tomorrow.
A special guest from the ABQ BioPark makes an appearance at the  Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce luncheon today.
A busy day in Santa Fe discussing everything from water management, to wildfire prevention, education, veterans care, manufacturing, and growing the local economy.
Students interested in learning more about service academies can get their questions answered, meet with representatives from the Air Force, Naval and Military Academies and Service Academy Coordinators from all of North Dakota’s congressional delegation, including my office, and learn more about the nomination process at an event on September 3 from 6 – 7:30pm at Raymond J. Bohn Armory in Bismarck.
ICYMI: Last night I joined Rachel Maddow to discuss the need for Congress to debate and vote on the use of military force against ISIL. You can watch the entire interview here: 
The increasing reach and brutality of ISIS in Iraq and Syria presents a critical national security challenge for the United States. The murder of James Foley and threats to other Americans are barbaric and cowardly acts, and the United States should act to protect our citizens from harm and defend our vital national security interests.     But in evaluating our options in taking on ISIS, we need to be clear eyed about the scope of the effort required to eliminate the threat they pose. A broader fight against ISIS will likely require a sustained, long term military campaign across the Middle East region. Without defined objectives and means, the United States could end up marching down another slippery slope of war, entangling us in a bloody sectarian conflict without end. Our protracted engagements in Iraq and Afghanistan have demonstrated that U.S. military force alone is insufficient to build broken nations and solve centuries old sectarian disputes.   I support the Administration’s initial efforts to protect our personnel and to provide urgent humanitarian assistance to the Iraqi people, but the president’s authority under Article II of the Constitution is not limitless.  I also appreciate the fact that President Obama recognizes the constitutional role of Congress in foreign policy, demonstrated most recently by his call last summer for congressional authorization of military action in Syria.   I do not believe any of the existing war authorizations give constitutional permission to the Administration to fight a new long term war against ISIS. Thus, if the president anticipates military involvement beyond our original limited objectives in Iraq or Syria, the Administration needs to come to Congress to outline its military objectives and seek specific authorization before we enter into a new war in the Middle East.
Claire heard directly from area veterans and VA administrators and announced the expansion of her veterans’ customer satisfaction survey to the southeast Missouri region in visits to John J. Pershing Medical Center and the VA’s West Plains Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.   McCaskill, the daughter of a World War II veteran, launched her Veterans’ Customer Satisfaction Program (VCSP), a confidential survey, to give Missouri veterans an opportunity to offer direct, confidential feedback on the quality of service they receive at their local VA facility. Learn more on her website, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/vcsp
I spoke with Wolf Blitzer yesterday on CNN The Situation Room to discuss the latest developments in Iraq and Syria:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xaWL-Y8p6c
I joined Governor Lincoln Chafee, Warwick Mayor Scott Avedisian, and other state and local officials today to celebrate the start of construction on the Apponaug Circulator Project in Warwick.    Last year I worked with my colleagues to secure a $10 million federal TIGER grant to support this critical infrastructure project, and I’m glad to see the work get under way.  The project is designed to produce long‐term benefits for the economy, the environment, and the traveling public by transforming a congested and outdated urban circulator system into a more efficient, accessible and sustainable facility for the City of Warwick.
I invite you to join the Faith Forum 2014 tomorrow, August 28, 2014 at Nevada Partners in North Las Vegas. This interactive forum will give you the opportunity to learn about federal resources, programs, and policy that can help your faith organization better achieve its mission as we work together to enrich our community.   RSVP today at rsvp@reid.senate.gov or call my Las Vegas office at (702) 388-5020.
With progress being made at Moynihan Station, it's time to fund the final push. Read more:
Tax cheats are bad enough, but when they threaten national security, it’s gone to another level.  LIKE and SHARE to join me in telling the government to take action and stop this slap-in-the-face to American taxpayers and our safety.
This week, I was glad to meet with the Girl Scouts of New Mexico Trails, who are doing great work getting girls interested in science and math education. Some of them are mentoring kids across the state on robotics to get more students excited about careers in engineering and science at our national labs and bases here in New Mexico.  During the visit, I also announced I'm working with the Girl Scouts on a bipartisan bill enabling children's groups, summer camps and other youth-serving nonprofits to access federal criminal background checks on new employees and volunteers. I'm proud to support this legislation to help protect our children.
