With all of the incredible challenges facing our nation -- the need to rebuild our infrastructure, create jobs, improve education and address the threat of climate change -- one would expect that these pressing issues would be at the top of your agenda.  But last week I watched in disbelief as Republicans instead chose to ratchet up the War on Women.  First, there was Republican Congressman Steve Pearce's memoir that argued that wives should "voluntarily submit" to their husbands. Then, former GOP Presidential candidate Mike Huckabee joined in, suggesting that American women could "control their libido" rather than receive contraceptive coverage under the Affordable Care Act.  And now one of your very first votes of the year in the House is a disingenuous and dangerous attack on women's health.  My question to you is this: What century are you living in?
Today I was joined by my guest to the State of the Union, Tianna Gaines-Turner, a local Philadelphia woman who can speak to the challenges working families face. Tomorrow night’s address is a critical moment for the President to call for a renewed focus on job creation and economic growth. Tianna’s story is one of courage, struggle and sacrifice. Congress must come together to help working families earn a decent wage. This year Congress has the opportunity to take commonsense steps like raising the minimum wage and investing in early education that will help expand opportunity for middle class families in our state and our nation. #SOTU
We were happy to help!
Due to inclement weather, the South Bend Community-Based Outpatient Clinic will close at 5:00 pm today and will reopen at 10:00 am tomorrow. Veterans will be contacted to reschedule any missed appointments. Veterans with any questions can call (800) 360-8387.
The Social Security offices in South Bend, Elkhart, Auburn and Fort Wayne are closed today and may have delayed openings tomorrow. Many services are still available online at www.socialsecurity.gov or by calling (800) 772-1213.
Due to severe weather and hazardous driving conditions, Joe’s South Bend and Hammond offices will be closed for the remainder of the day. Please contact our Indianapolis office at 317-226-5555 with any questions.
Today I spoke with executives Xcel Energy and TransCanada about the pipeline rupture in Manitoba, Canada that led to Xcel asking many of its eastern North Dakota customers to significantly limit their use of natural gas, including a request to maintain thermostats at 60 degrees or lower over the weekend. North Dakota customers deserve to have the peace of mind that their energy supply will be there when they need it most. 
Today the interns in my DC office, Ben Goehring from Moorhead, Thea Donovan from Hazen, and Lexi Grabinger from Jamestown, had the chance to meet North Dakota’s exceptional former Senator Byron Dorgan.
With a bipartisan coalition of 30 other Senators, I called on EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to reverse its proposal that would reduce the effectiveness of the Renewable Fuel Standard. This proposal is a significant step backward – undermining the goal of increasing biofuels production as a domestic alternative to using foreign oil and hurting the development of biofuels in North Dakota. 
I’m proud to join Majority Leader Eric Cantor and Senator Mark Warner to honor the memory of a remarkable young Virginian, Gabriella Miller, and support pediatric research.
Today, my  Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act comes to the Senate Floor.
 
 For families still recovering from Sandy, this bipartisan piece of legislation is so important. It will stop the most onerous & damaging rate increases from occurring, while minimizing the impact to the National Flood Insurance Program’s solvency & integrity.
 
 If you’re on Twitter, join me in calling on Congress to #FixFlood Insurance.
New video on what's happening this week in the Senate. Check it out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uicu_wU4kY&feature=youtu.be
There are certain duties that the president must do on his own but major policy decisions absolutely need to go through Congress. What do you think?  Tune in to Crossfire tonight at 6:30 p.m. I'll be discussing the 2014 State of the Union with Senator John Hoeven.
Avonte's Law would create a program to provide tracking devices & expand support services for families of children with #Autism so no one has to suffer like Avonte Oquendo's family has.  
“Keeping college education affordable will help our young people get the skills they need for the jobs that are critical to our economic future. New Hampshire students are unfortunately all too familiar with the impact of debt after they finish college and we must take steps to address this crisis that hurts our economy.” – JS  Read Senator Shaheen’s letter to President Obama here: http://1.usa.gov/1n9duF6  
Congratulations to the New Hampshire nominees to the 2014 Winter Olympics Alpine team. Wishing them all the best of luck in Sochi! http://bit.ly/1d4I8qQ 
‘Congressional recess’ may mean Congress isn’t voting, but it does give us the chance to hear straight from our constituents.  Last week I traveled across central Montana to meet with women's rights groups, educators and business leaders.  I even got to read to my grandson's kindergarten class.
