Protect your family and #GetCovered through Covered California! Visit CoveredCA.com by February 15 to enroll.
Today I chaired the Judiciary Committee hearing on the FANS Act—a bipartisan bill which would incentivize all sports leagues to eliminate their sports blackout policies.    Watch my opening statement, and share: http://youtu.be/GAJNQI9_BJU
Without a Surgeon General our #publichealth is at risk. Well past time for the Senate to confirm #VivekMurthy. #TopDocNow
Congress set to establish the first National Historical Park honoring an African-American woman  The  House and Senate are about to establish The Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Historical Parks in Maryland and New York.  Harriet Tubman was an iconic figure our nation’s history, for whom liberty and freedom were not just ideas. I was proud to partner with Andy Harris to properly honor the legacy of her life’s work and contributions while protecting Marylanders’ rights. More than 100 years after her death, Harriet Tubman will become the first African-American woman and first individual woman to have a National Historical Park named in her honor. It’s a great day for the Eastern Shore and our country.
Today is #WorldDisabilityday. The world watches what the U.S. does and ratifying the #CRPD represents an unparalleled opportunity to protect the rights of all people with disabilities, and protecting our own citizens when they are on foreign soil. When we considered the CRPD in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, we added language that explicitly reiterates that the treaty would not require changes to existing U.S. law.  This isn’t a race to the bottom that ends up hurting Americans; this is a challenge to other countries to treat people with disabilities the way we do here in America.  Today is also a chance to thank those advocating #PWD rights worldwide, including Senator Tom Harkin, a true hero to many.   Thank you.
Another successful Taste of Delaware in the books in Washington! Thanks to my wingman U.S. Senator Chris Coons and the Delaware State Chamber for putting on this tasty event each year. Now off to the real thing: Delaware.
A special thank you to Chicago nurse Janet Teasley, who is spending the holidays treating #Ebola patients in Liberia.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nel3m5f8HHk&feature=youtu.be
NA
Share this #GoodNews: South Bend Woodworks has a piece on display at the White House this Christmas season. Their wooden toy train is on display with replicas of White House dogs Bo and Sunny, viewable during holiday tours of the White House.
The U.S. House of Representatives passed Senator Donnelly’s Jacob Sexton Military #SuicidePrevention Act with bipartisan support today as part of the National Defense Authorization Act. “We are one step closer to The Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act being signed into law. Our service men and women serve our country honorably, putting their lives on the line in our defense, and we owe it to them to ensure they have access to the mental health resources they deserve.” –Senator Donnelly
Senator Donnelly’s Jacob Sexton Military #SuicidePrevention Act—bipartisan legislation named after Indiana National Guardsman Jacob Sexton—is expected to be considered soon by the Senate as part of the national defense bill. Let’s #PassSextonAct to strengthen efforts to help our servicemembers and prevent military suicide. Learn about Jacob Sexton’s story and how this legislation would impact servicemembers by visiting the link below.
I was honored to be recognized yesterday by 9 arms control and peace organizations for my work on nuclear security.
We must increase oil-by-rail safety standards and inform towns and cities affected. Excellent Wall Street Journal piece here:
Today I spoke with Director Archuleta, the head of the agency overseeing the federal workforce, and pushed her to build off the momentum from Tuesday, and approve raises for the remaining federal employees at Minot Air Force Base and around North Dakota. As a result of our state’s economic boom, Minot Air Force Base and other federal agencies on the ground in North Dakota have been unable to compete with higher paying energy sector jobs, and have lost good workers. That’s why I brought Director Archuleta out to North Dakota this fall, so she could hear firsthand from workers at the Minot Air Force Base. And on Tuesday, she approved pay raises for 150 federal employees at the base. This was a needed first step, and I’ll keep pushing the agency to provide needed raises for the rest of the federal employees at the base and across the state so we can help recruit and retain workers for these critical jobs for our national security and other key sectors. http://1.usa.gov/1vmkNK3
North Dakota fire fighters and first responders have until tomorrow, Friday, December 5 at 4:00pm CT to apply for new federal grants to update equipment and enhance training. Emergency responders are the first line of defense between dangerous incidents and our families and communities – we must make sure they have the resources they need to do the best job possible. I hope eligible fire companies will apply for these federal funds to help them get the equipment and training they need to do their jobs, keep our communities safe, and help guarantee they will come home to their families each night. Click here to apply: http://1.usa.gov/1kK26vT, or here for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1vRnxnI.
I’m fighting to make sure some unscrupulous lenders can’t use deceptive and unfair lending practices that target our servicemembers and their families, charging them excessive fees and leading them into debt. I’ve fought against similar lending schemes aimed at students dealing with crushing debt, and for clearer and more manageable payment plans going forward. Our military members and our students are working hard to secure a safer, brighter community of tomorrow – and we need do everything in our power to close the loopholes that could force them into debilitating debt and prevent them from achieving their goals. http://1.usa.gov/1FTM7HJ
I'm so pleased the House of Representatives has acted today to pass legislation I helped introduce with Senator Cardin to establish a Harriet Tubman National Park on Maryland’s Eastern Shore.  Harriet Tubman was a courageous fighter who delivered scores of slaves to freedom in the Underground Railroad. A Harriet Tubman National Park is a fitting tribute to honor her lasting legacy in Maryland and across the nation while inspiring future generations of women and girls.   I look forward to swift passage in the Senate so that President Obama can sign it into law.
Way to go Buck! B’More’s got your back! As Manager of the Year, Buck brings to the field #OrioleMagic. He may not crack a smile, but he teaches his players to crack a bat! His attention to big picture & the smallest detail is the way our team functions. Our Orioles terrific season brought all of Baltimore together. Three cheers for Buck and our O’s!
On 5th anniversary of Marylander Alan Gross' imprisonment in Cuba, I have a message for Mr. Castro. Let Alan Gross go! Let him go today, let him go now. For five years, he and his family have suffered. The Cuban government has ignored basic human rights and has shown they are not serious about building a relationship with the United States. Every day I think of and pray for the Gross family. I pray that they are reunited soon. If Cuba wants to improve relations with the United States, they need to release Mr. Gross now.
Claire, along with U.S. Senators Kelly Ayotte, Deb Fischer, and Carl Levin react to a new report that shows a drop in the number of sexual assaults in the U.S. military, combined with an increase in the number of victims coming forward to report such assaults.   WATCH LIVE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMuK0AaH5ag
“Pending the report’s public release today, assuming news accounts are correct - reporting of assaults being up and incidents of assault being down are exactly the combination we’re looking for. I’m sure there’s more work to do, and I’m anxious to hear how victims feel about the services and support offered to them when they report an assault.” -Claire   Stay tuned as we learn more about the results of this report and the progress made in combating military sexual assault - a fight Claire has pledged to continue.
I join all West Virginians in congratulating Wheeling and Williamson for being recognized by the ‘Local Foods, Local Places’ Program. By supporting the health of local residents, boosting the economy, revitalizing Main Street and creating new and exciting opportunities, Wheeling and Williamson are now a better places to raise a family, do business and live longer, healthier lives.   This program will help give members of the community an even greater opportunity to pass the plate to their friends and family in the hopes of creating a healthier culture for themselves and for generations to come. Their drive and success should be a model for all West Virginia communities to mirror and emulate. I commend their continued success.  http://www.statejournal.com/story/27538261/two-west-virginia-communities-chosen-as-federal-local-foods-local-places-participants
Thank you to the folks at Fox & Friends for having me on the show this morning to talk about the President's executive actions on immigration and the recent grand jury decisions in Ferguson and New York.
With the cooperation of companies like CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid and Fruth Pharmacy, that have helped tighten restrictions on pseudoephedrine sales, the number of meth labs in our state have dropped by a substantial 40 percent this year. This is encouraging news, and we are certainly headed in the right direction.   Read more: http://bit.ly/15P1vbH
The events in Ferguson, Missouri and Staten Island, New York are very troubling. I believe there is one fact we can all agree on: neither of these men deserved to die. I hope that as Americans mourn the tragic loss of these lives, protests will remain peaceful and that local authorities throughout the country will continue to respect the right of protestors to peacefully demonstrate.  I support President Obama’s recent call to commit funds for body cameras on local law enforcement so that we can ensure accountability. The President’s plan will promote effective crime reduction while rebuilding trust in our communities. It is my hope that through the President’s Executive Action to review and assess local law enforcement requests for military style equipment, we can create an open dialogue between community leaders and law enforcement and ensure that our first responders have the equipment they need to do their job. We should also look at our options for advancing legislation to help this effort in the Senate.  The bottom line is that every community in America deserves equal protection and fair treatment under the law. I fully support efforts by the Department of Justice to investigate these tragedies. Even if Mike Brown and Eric Garner allegedly committed minor crimes they should not have had to pay with their lives.
Herman Badillo was ciento-por-ciento New York. He was a hero to the Puerto Rican community and civic treasure committed to serving the public on the local, state and federal levels. Herman pulled himself up by his bootstraps. He was product of New York public schools, a pioneer and leader on many levels, and left behind an extraordinary legacy of positive change in the areas of education, empowerment, and rebuilding and revitalizing his beloved home borough of the Bronx. He will be missed and I extend my prayers to all who knew and loved him.
I am confident that Loretta Lynch will conduct a tough but fair investigation into the tragic death of Eric Garner. She is both a consummate professional with a strong commitment to justice, and has a close working relationship with the New York City law enforcement community.
“Comparing a pregnancy to an ‘off-the-job injury’ is appalling. Women represent a critical part of our workforce, and I’ll continue to fight for their right to receive reasonable workplace accommodations that allow them to continue a healthy pregnancy while providing for their families.”  – JS
Today Senator Shaheen along with Senators Cantwell and Gillibrand, announced that the Women’s Small Business Procurement Parity Act has been included in the FY2015 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Their legislation would encourage women’s entrepreneurship and give women-owned small businesses more opportunities to win federal contracts.  “While women continue to make significant strides in our economy, they are still under represented as small business owners and federal contractors. This provision will help women-owned small businesses in New Hampshire and across the country win federal contracts, encouraging greater small business ownership by women and economic growth across the board. I hope we can pass this bill and send it to the President as quickly as possible.”  -JS   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1yj4ll1
The entire Montana delegation has come to an agreement on a lands package that will not only preserve some of our most treasured places, but it will also power Montana's economy. This is the type of bipartisan collaboration our constituents want and deserve. #KeepItPublic
As Congress debates whether to extend over 50 expired tax credits, I'm pushing to extend the wind production credit not just for four more weeks, but for long enough that American wind power can grow in New Mexico and across the country. I joined Senator Edward J. Markey, AWEA and Environment America today to unveil a report that shows that wind has huge promise to help us fight global warming and create jobs. Not only is wind carbon free, it's abundant in New Mexico, and it uses almost no water. Now is the time for Congress to make a commitment to fight climate change and invest in the global clean energy economy so this important industry can meet its full potential.
Outlet stores’ deceptive pricing is an issue to be aware of this holiday season. Read my letter: http://1.usa.gov/1vsCOLM
In two minutes, this climate expert debunks denier myth. Take a look: bit.ly/1vM9miw #ActOnClimate #climatechange
Had a blast decorating our office tree with students from Herndon Elementary. Thanks for the help!
Some opponents of government regulation want to blame drug price increases on the FDA and its safety inspections. That's awfully convenient, but after 30 years of successful cost and quality control, the suggestion that consumers now have to choose between price spikes and drugs that come from dirty facilities contaminated with mold, urine, or glass doesn’t withstand scrutiny. Just yesterday a new Bloomberg report showed how important it is to regulate overseas generic drug manufacturers. Watch our recent hearing:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDyIkG0SUKM
