Congratulations to the Department of Homeland Security on its 10 year anniversary. Thanks to the DHS, Americans are safer today than they were 10 years ago. Of course, there is still a lot of work to be done. I look forward to collaborating with Secretary Napolitano over the next couple years to continue to protect and strengthen our national security. http://1.usa.gov/Y4oxPV
Happy Peace Corps Week! In honor of the Peace Corps’ 52nd anniversary on March 1st, help us recognize the 15 Delawareans serving our country across the world today and thousands more who have served in the name of peace. www.peacecorps.gov/pcweek
We need to cut spending but in a smart way. The indiscriminate nature of the sequester will be harmful to Northeastern Pennsylvania. Congress needs to come together on an alternative to the sequester that will reduce our deficit, keep the economy moving forward and protect the vital needs of our region, including our defense industry, our police and our small businesses.
I agree with Captain Mark Kelly: we must close the gun show loophole and stop criminals from getting weapons without a background check.
I was proud to lead a group of 40 senators—joined by 172 members of the House—urging the Supreme Court to strike down the unjust, discriminatory and unconstitutional Defense of Marriage Act.
PHOTO: Behind the scenes last night when I joined Piers Morgan Tonight to talk about assault weapons.
I joined my Congressional colleagues in this brief supporting Edie Windsor to make clear my belief that discriminating against gay and lesbian married couples is as a violation of the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection under the law. I fully support marriage equality and strengthening American families. Gay and lesbian couples who have solidified their life-long commitment to each other deserve the same rights and legal protections as straight married couples.
Pleased the State Department has taken the next step towards what should be the eventual approval by the President of Keystone XL.
I was proud to join 212 members of the House and Senate in filing a brief with the Supreme Court that details why we believe Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act should be ruled unconstitutional. I hope there's an end in sight to the continued discrimination against thousands of committed couples across the country.
Joined Allison Seymour on Fox 5 to make the case for why we need a balanced, specific and accountable approach to replace across-the-board sequester cuts.
Joined Chuck Todd on the Daily Rundown to talk about how we can find a compromise, balanced plan to replace damaging sequester cuts & budget uncertainty.
I wished the Peace Corps a happy 52nd anniversary. I’m honored to serve on the Foreign Relations Committee and Chair the subcommittee that oversees the Peace Corps. I’m so proud of all the Peace Corps volunteers who make the brave choice to dedicate their time to serve others, including my niece, who just returned from 27 months in Cameroon. Check out the video I made to thank them for their service.
I’m at my battle station ready to work to get the job done. Sequester is the result of deadlock & gridlock. Congress can’t govern in a cycle of ultimatum & crisis. Today I told MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports that we need to end the politics of delay & brinksmanship.
Today I met some of CT's finest at the Fire Chiefs Leadership Summit. Proud to support these men and women #heroes
Proud to join 39 senators and 172 House members in filing an amicus brief with the Supreme Court strongly opposing the discriminatory "Defense of Marriage Act." It's unconstitutional.
Great youth roundtable at Hartford High School with Mayor Pedro Segarra. Kids here to share what's on their minds
At Tweed Airport in New Haven discussing the impact of the sequester on CT. Hundreds of teaching, defense, and air traffic control jobs in CT are now at risk.
Highly recommend Gourmet Cafe in Derby -- great stop for a little morning caffeine
Today Senator Manchin launched his new social media platforms that will help him connect with everyone back home in West Virginia as much as possible.  Visit our Tumblr blog at http://joemanchin.tumblr.com/   Follow our Project 365 challenge by visiting our Twitter page @Sen_JoeManchin   Find us on Yelp: http://wvmanchin.yelp.com/
NA
Senator Manchin had a wonderful time reading to the children of Mary C. Snow West Side Elementary in Charleston this morning.
Because of DOMA, gay and lesbian married couples are denied more than 1,100 federal rights and benefits to which all other legally married couples are entitled; that is neither fair, nor right. Today, I filed an amicus brief with the United States Supreme Court to make clear my belief that Section 3 of DOMA discriminates against gay and lesbian married couples and should be struck down as a violation of the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection under the law.  Repealing DOMA is the next step we need to take towards providing true equality to all Americans under the law.
Brooklyn's own Miss America Mallory Hagan and I celebrated Post-Sandy reopening of my favorite supermarket-Red Hook's Fairway Market
Senator Shaheen met with small business and community leaders, teachers and students across New Hampshire today to renew her call for bipartisan, comprehensive action on the country's deficit and debt. Shaheen, who has repeatedly called for Congress to come together and develop a balanced and fair plan to reduce our debt and deficits, visited Manchester, Keene and Milford the day after Congress failed to reach a bipartisan agreement to avert automatic, across-the-board federal budget cuts that are now set to begin as early as this afternoon.
Today kicks off Women's History Month, an opportunity to celebrate the trailblazing women who came before us and honor their contributions to our lives and our country. Who is one woman in history, or in your own life, who you feel has been particularly influential? Share in the comment box!
“LGBT Americans and families deserve equal treatment under the law but as long as DOMA remains in place, same-sex couples will be wrongfully denied important benefits. In this day and age, we cannot tolerate this type of discrimination. DOMA is unconstitutional and I am committed to doing all I can to see it abolished.” - JS
This Sunday, I’m hosting a free community dinner in Warwick. I hope you’ll join us. Use the link below for details and to RSVP.
Today, on Rare Disease Day, I had the chance to hear from Max and Sam, twin brothers from Rhode Island. One has hemophilia, the other doesn’t, but both came to DC today with the National Hemophilia Foundation to share their family’s story and to discuss the exceptionally high cost of prescription drugs for people with rare diseases. My thanks to Max, Sam, and their mom Barbara for giving me the chance to hear their story.
To me, repeal of DOMA is an issue of fairness.  Under DOMA, committed relationships legally recognized by some states are made financially and legally unequal in many ways:  taxes, inheritance, insurance benefits, and a thousand other rights and benefits that the federal government routinely grants to other married couples. I am proud to lend my name to the amicus brief urging the Supreme Court to reverse this discriminatory law. Marriage equality now receives growing bipartisan support, and DOMA repeal is supported by a significant number of leading U.S. businesses, who correctly believe that DOMA represents an impediment to economic competitiveness.
Great to be on Enfoque on Telemundo to talk sequestration cuts with Jose Diaz-Balart - hope to be back soon. / Placer estar hablar con Jose Diaz-Balart en Enfoque. Espero regresar pronto.
Here's where Wall Street and I agree - the Defense of Marriage Act is bad for families and bad for business. I'm glad to see so many of the big banks and financial institutions join the amicus brief to the Supreme Court challenging DOMA.
