Today, my heart is with the Newtown community. May every member find peace. -RB
I voted no on #CRomnibus because it was packed with unwise, unfair and unacceptable provisions—snuck in without debate or public scrutiny: http://j.mp/13227ss
I hope you'll take a moment to read my op-ed in The Santa Fe New Mexican on the Senate Intelligence Committee’s study of the CIA’s detention and interrogation program.
I voted tonight to keep the government running because North Dakotans work hard every day to take care of their families and their communities. This bill includes funding for essential North Dakota programs that help keep our communities strong and safe, like for flood protection, rail safety, first responders, and servicemembers. But I’m very disappointed with the way this bill was done. Congress cannot keep acting from deadline to deadline. We need to provide certainty for families to live and businesses to thrive, and our families are counting on us for long-term solutions that don’t take the country to the precipice of a federal shutdown each fiscal year. It’s also incredibly frustrating that the bill negotiators went against the will of the majority of Americans by increasing the amount of money wealthy contributors can donate to political campaigns – an issue I’ve been pushing back against since my time as North Dakota’s Attorney General – by up to tenfold removing transparency from elections and hurting our efforts to make sure Americans’ voices aren’t drowned out by special interests and a few wealthy individuals. This should not be the price we pay to execute our most basic duty as legislators – to keep the government open. http://1.usa.gov/12KtEyE
444 New Jerseyans is 444 too many. I stand for gun safety & with those lost to gun violence by wearing this pin.
Marcus Mariota rocks! First Duck to win #HeismanTrophy. We're so proud.
The government funding bill that the Senate passed last night is important for Nevada. For one, it reauthorizes the Travel Promotion Authority, which promotes international tourism to popular destinations like Las Vegas and Lake Tahoe.   International tourists stay longer and spend more, which creates even more jobs and opportunities across Nevada's tourism industry.  As a result of the Travel Promotion Authority, Brand USA advertisements are successfully enticing foreign travelers to visit America, all at no cost to taxpayers.  While today’s announcement is an important success, we must ensure that Nevada has the best airports and modern infrastructure to accommodate our guests, and I will continue working to bring federal dollars back to Nevada for these investments.  You can read more about the funding bill here: http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-13-14-reid-statement-on-senate-passage-of-the-government-funding-bill-2
“Congratulations to Marcus Mariota on receiving the Heisman Trophy.  We are all justly proud that he is the first Heisman Trophy recipient from Hawai‘i. I had the privilege of meeting Marcus last summer, and he exemplifies the best that Hawai‘i has to offer.  I congratulate him on his accomplishments on and off the field, and we all look forward to seeing him continue his successful football career in the upcoming College Football Playoff.” - BES
