June is national dairy month. Tammy visits a dairy breakfast in West Salem, Wisconsin to celebrate.
The scores are in! According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget office, the Group of 8's Immigration Bill will cut the deficit by $197 billion over the first 10 years and $700 billion the following decade. The report underscores the velocity we add to our economy by fixing our immigration system. We have a golden opportunity to rise above politics as usual, to do something big and something real that will support our businesses and workers, unite families, add to our security and welcome people out of the shadows as contributing members to our society. Read the report below:
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, praised the continuing effort by the United States to combat AIDS in Africa and every corner of the world that AIDS touches. He joined Secretary of State John Kerry Tuesday for a commemoration of the 10th anniversary of  The U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR)     “Ten years ago, AIDS threatened the very foundation of societies in Africa– creating millions of orphans, stalling economic development and leaving countries stuck in poverty.  The good news is that thanks to the ongoing, bipartisan U.S. commitment to the Presidents Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), hope has replaced despair, life has replaced death, and productivity has replaced illness and disability. PEPFAR is the largest commitment by any nation to combat a single disease internationally, and it has saved and improved millions of lives.      “PEPFAR has bridged partisan divides and represents the best of America and our commitment to global humanitarian values. The numbers speak for themselves, and they are accelerating. Our initial goal was to provide antiretroviral treatment to 2 million people living with HIV in resource-limited settings, to prevent 7 million new HIV infections, and to provide care and support to 10 million people by 2010.  PEPFAR now directly supports nearly 5.1 million people on antiretroviral treatment, contributing to a 20 percent drop in new HIV infections globally. PEPFAR also supports antiretroviral drugs to prevent the transmission of HIV from mother to baby during birth, providing drugs to pregnant women living with HIV.  Thanks to this effort, approximately one million infants were born without HIV. More than 49 million people received testing and counseling through PEPFAR.  Research being done by Maryland institutions including the National Institutes of Health, Johns Hopkins University and the University of Maryland are making a difference globally.     “We still have challenges ahead of us. Our new goal is an HIV/AIDS-free generation. It is within our reach, but according to UNAIDS, an estimated 1.7 million people are dying annually from AIDS-related causes. Global health and development resources are being squeezed due to difficult economic times. And issues of stigma and discrimination continue to limit access to treatment and care to those in need.  The U.S. will continue to lead this global fight, but we need the commitment and leadership of partner countries, reinforced with support from donor nations, civil society, people living with HIV, faith-based organizations, the private sector, foundations and multilateral institutions. We are able to leverage the commitment of our partners through US investments in the Global Fund. We have helped improve host country health care delivery systems, and countries are now taking ownership in their responsibility to care for their people.”
January, Baltimore VA office was ranked the  slowest processing center in nation      BALTIMORE -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today received a tour and briefing by Veterans Affairs (VA) officials on the progress that has been made since January in reducing the disability claims backlog in the Baltimore Regional VA office.     In January, Senators Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski demanded that the VA institute an immediate action plan to address the more than 20,000 pending claims.  The average wait for claims to be processed in Baltimore had been almost one year.  The VA has stated that its goal is to ensure that disability claims are fully processed within 125 days by 2015.     In the briefing today by VA officials on the backlog of cases, Senator Cardin was told that in February there had been a backlog of 17,000 cases that were more than 125 days old and that by June the backlog had been reduced to 11,000 cases.  In May, the Baltimore Regional VA Office processed more than 3,200 cases.     “I am pleased that progress has made in reducing the backlog and that there is a pathway to improvement, but I am not happy that there is any backlog at all,” said Senator Cardin.  “I will continue to monitor the situation to make sure that we are devoting the resources that are necessary to ensure prompt processing of disability claims and that there is adequate staffing in place to ensure the timely decisions on claims.”     “Over the past several months, the Baltimore Regional Office and its partners have renewed efforts to provide faster and more accurate decisions to Maryland’s Veterans.  In pursuit of Veterans Benefits Administration’s Transformation Plan, the Baltimore VA has enhanced claims processing through implementation of the new organizational model and deployment of paperless claims processing in the Veterans Benefits Management System. This has resulted in significant reductions in the backlog of pending claims in the Baltimore VA.  VA appreciates the continued support, partnership and leadership of the entire Maryland congressional delegation and we look forward to continuing our work together serving Maryland’s Veterans,” said Michael Scheibel, Director of VA Baltimore Regional Office.     The Baltimore Regional Office serves 484,013 veterans living in the State of Maryland, 2 percent of the national veteran population. The Regional Office's jurisdiction includes all counties in the State of Maryland. The Baltimore Regional Office has an assigned staffing of 218. They provide services at the VA Medical Center in Baltimore and Transition Assistance throughout the State.     Nationally, more than 900,000 veterans wait an average of nine months for their disability claim to be process. Over the last two years, there has been an increase in the wait for an initial decision from 166 days to 262 days for veterans across the United States.
Attention all Vets... 
Please share
The First State's first national monument is on Facebook! Like the page, and head on over to any of its unique historic sites across Delaware to experience all our state has to offer.
Seniors are particularly vulnerable to financial scams so it’s vital that the federal government take steps to protect them. This legislation will provide a strong deterrent to would be scammers who would prey upon seniors. Seniors represent a disproportionate amount of all fraud cases and the cost of these crimes has been trending upwards. What’s needed is strong laws that make the consequences of these financial scams daunting.
After a spike in gun deaths in Chicago over Father’s Day weekend, and just six months after the tragic shootings in Newtown, Connecticut, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the United States Senate Floor regarding the continuing toll of gun violence in America.
"Individuals (who) steal firearms are more likely to commit violent crimes with stolen guns, transfer stolen firearms to others who commit crimes and create an unregulated secondary market for firearms''
#NorthDakotans in town with National Rural Electric Cooperative Association's youth tour. Great to see all of you!
It's National #SmallBiz Week. Join me in saluting all of #NorthDakota's small businesses, the lifeblood of our local economies. #SBW2013
As a supporter of the recent decision to lift the ban on women in combat, I’m pleased military leaders have released plans today to begin training women for expanded combat roles as early as 2015.  Women have faced personal risk in combat zones for some time and it’s critical that their sacrifice is recognized and their service is unrestricted by their gender.
I was very disappointed to read this headline today: “House takes up far-reaching anti-abortion bill” – AP http://bit.ly/16FS4GU 
 
 Decisions involving reproductive choice are extremely difficult and deeply personal. They are decisions that should not be made by the House Republicans.
As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, today we took real action to tackle the VA claims backlog passing a 10-point action plan in the MilCon/VA bill. When our vets return from war, they shouldn’t have to face a quagmire of bureaucracy in getting their disability claims processed.   We need a fire in the belly to end  the backlog. This action plan is real progress, but more needs to be done. Our wounded warriors can’t wait.
Thirty years ago today I watched Sally Ride blast off as the first American woman in space - breaking barriers and inspiring generations of women & girls. Her legacy lives on today. For the first time ever, NASA’s new astronaut class is 50 percent women!
My speech on the floor of the Senate today on our intervention in Syria. At the very least, our nation's role in Syria deserves a full debate in Congress before America commits itself to a course of action with such potentially huge consequences for our national interests http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRkI2YRBpWA
I’ll be on the floor of the Senate around 12:15 to discuss the rush to arm Syrian opposition groups. Watch live here http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Claire was honored to meet and congratulate Missouri's Presidential Scholar Recipient Corey Matzat from Branson High School. Corey received a perfect score on his ACT, is valedictorian of Branson High School, an Eagle Scout, a National Merit Scholar, and now a U.S. Presidential Scholar. He will attend Mizzou this fall to study computer engineering. 
 
 Leave Corey your messages of congratulations and well-wishes in the comments section below!
Claire welcomed Mizzou President Tim Wolfe to her office today to talk about issues facing Missouri students, including keeping interest rates low, and college affordable.
Very cool video about the growing tech sector in Portland. Find out more about the Portland technology industry here bit.ly/techpdx
What makes West Virginia special to you? I am compiling all of your answers for a special video I will post on Thursday for West Virginia's 150th birthday celebration.
Countdown to WV's 150th birthday: Day 2 - Taylor  Fact: Mother’s Day was founded in Taylor County by Grafton resident Anna Jarvis.    Recommendation: Tygart Lake is a beautiful weekend getaway . http://www.tygartlake.com/
Working to #BringBikesonBoard Amtrak trains heading to the Cap Region & ADKs in order to better connect cyclists and families with Upstate trails, treasures and tourist destinations.  http://blog.timesunion.com/business/schumer-wants-amtrak-trains-to-accommodate-passengers-bicycles/56745/
We are thrilled to welcome more than 35 New Hampshire businesses and vendors to Capitol Hill tomorrow for the fourth annual Experience New Hampshire reception! The exhibition will feature the great dining, tourism, hospitality and business groups important to the New Hampshire economy to help showcase the best of what the Granite State has to offer.
Star-Advertiser: Hawaiian Airlines and Sen. Schatz want interisland flights to be included in the PreCheck program  http://www.staradvertiser.com/newspremium/20130618__Fliers_may_be_able_to_keep_shoes_on.html?id=211940571&c=n
In November, Montana voters directed me to introduce a Constitutional Amendment to get the dark, secret money out of our elections and make it clear that corporations are not "people."  Today, I'm proudly taking that step.  Watch my press conference LIVE at 10 a.m. MT: http://bit.ly/18W0TAy
Like many others, I am deeply disturbed by the current situation in Syria, from the appalling atrocities to the reported use of chemical weapons. But I am also concerned by the intensifying push for the U.S. to yet again become entangled in a Middle Eastern civil war. By flooding Syria with weapons, we risk arming those who ultimately may seek to do us harm. Unfortunately we have been down this road before. Once we have introduced arms, neither we nor their fighters may be able to guarantee control over them, and such weapons could end up in the hands of groups and people who do not represent our interests. Given this reality, those pushing for military intervention should answer three basic questions. Click here to watch my video to find out what they are, and share it if you agree - now is not the time to rush headlong into another Middle Eastern civil war.
There is an intense fight going on right now over whether our federal courts will remain a neutral forum, faithfully interpreting the law and dispensing fair and impartial justice - or whether we will see the corporate capture of the federal courts, with the courts transformed into one more rigged game.   If you care about the Affordable Care Act, if you care about the Voting Rights Act, if you care about financial reform, your fight is not just in Congress, your fight is in the courts. We must bring a new generation of judges to the bench - judges who will be fair, even-handed, and who have the experience to consider all sides of an issue.  Watch video from my remarks last week at the American Constitution Society for Law and Policy National Convention.
