Wishing everyone in Wisconsin and beyond a very Merry Christmas and a happy, healthy and peaceful New Year! - TB
Merry Christmas and seasons greetings. Hope everyone is enjoying time with their families. Thinking of all those who are away from loved ones today -serving our Nation in many different ways. Thanks and best wishes!
I love the holidays because I get the opportunity to spend time with friends and family and catch up with the people I love.  Happy Holidays to you and yours!
Merry Christmas!
From my family to yours, Merry Christmas. Have a very blessed holiday. -Joe 
 
 On Christmas Eve, Joe and U.S. Marines distributed Toys-for-Tots toys at Beacon Health System's Memorial Hospital of South Bend.
As we celebrate today with our family and friends, I hope you will think about every North Dakotan and American servicemember who is serving our country, and can't be with their families today -say thank you. I hope you will also think about those who don't have a home, who have lost loved ones, or who are struggling to feed their families. In North Dakota, we support each other in good times and stand up for each other when times are tough. This holiday season, I hope every North Dakotan does exactly that by volunteering at a local food bank or homeless shelter, donating clothes or canned goods to those in need, visiting a senior center, or bringing a meal to someone who's ailing. There are so many ways to give back. I know every North Dakotan will join me in the Christmas spirit and do their part. I hope you and your families have a wonderful and very merry Christmas. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ugu7Ld_rjEo&feature=youtu.be
This is a time to reflect on blessings and challenges.  Mary and I do feel blessed.  We are surrounded by loving family and friends.  Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas to everyone! Have a happy and safe holiday.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls8nV2LZb8c&feature=c4-overview&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA
This Christmas, I want to thank you for the incredible honor of representing you in Congress, and wish you and your family a safe and enjoyable holiday. Here's a quick video update on our continued work for the Commonwealth during 2013.
