Tammy had a great time in Manitowoc this week! Check out this video from her visit:
Today at 2 PM ET, I will deliver an address at Harvard Law School on legislation I’ve introduced to reform the FISA courts. Watch it live at /hvrd.me/15MdwfN and tweet your reactions using the hashtag  #FISACourtsHLS
Ben- Would like to extend warm greetings to Muslims celebrating Eid al-Fitr here in #MD, across the United States and the entire world. Eid Mubarak
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today announced that the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHLBank Atlanta) will provide $3 million in funding to create greater affordable housing opportunities in #Maryland.  “Every Marylander – every American – deserves a safe and affordable place to call home. Three million dollars will go a long way toward revitalizing Maryland communities by expanding affordable housing and creating quality #jobs and opportunities,” said Senator Cardin, a senior member of the #Senate Finance Committee. “I am proud to support investments like this, which reinforce the federal government’s commitment to affordable housing.”  Maryland community developers will partner with local FHL Bank Atlanta member financial institutions to build or repair 693 housing units in seven affordable housing developments in #Baltimore City, Baltimore County, #Frederick, and #Cecil County through the Bank’s Affordable Housing Program.  Follow the link to read more.  http://alturl.com/76qbn
Celebrating the new Delaware 87ers in Rodney Square on August 7th (8/7).
Discussing the first photovoltaic-battery system fully integrated into a utility grid @PNMtalk.
August in New Mexico. Mmmmm...Oryx steak, squash from the garden and fresh greens. #dinner #NM
Headed to Dairy Queen to enjoy some ice cream for a good cause: Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Visit DQ today to support treatment for kids #MiracleTreatDay
Spent time at the Dakota Gasification Plant yesterday -- my old stomping grounds -- where they use cutting edge technology to capture and sequester carbon.  Clean coal is yet another way that North Dakota is on the cutting edge of energy development and technology, and is using an all of the above energy approach.
SUMMER TRAVEL INFO: New Jersey is home to 2 of the top 10 best roller coasters in the world!
 
 Check out which rides made the cut: http://huff.to/14uPNtV
 
 I think this means it’s time thrill-seekers visit the Garden State!
Two of America's preeminent legal ethics scholars make the case for the Supreme Court Ethics Act:
“Once again, Missourians are faced with severe weather threatening their homes and businesses—but I’m confident the communities across southern Missouri will weather these storms with the same resilience they’ve shown time and again. My prayers go out to all those in affected areas. I stand ready to advocate for federal resources.” - Claire   For those needing help or wanting to help others, please check out your local Red Cross.
Running for the NYS Assembly, 1974 #ThrowbackThursday #tbt
This morning we celebrated the hard work that went into the new Memorial Bridge. A wonderful day for New Hampshire and the Portsmouth community!
"The new Memorial Bridge’s opening is great news for New Hampshire and Maine.As the commercial artery between our states, the bridge is critical to the Shipyard, its employees and Seacoast businesses. I am thrilled that we’ve successfully replaced this link between our states with a new, safe bridge for vehicular and pedestrian traffic, and I’m proud to have been a part of the bipartisan effort that made today’s opening a reality.” - Senator Shaheen
Click to watch Senator Shaheen meeting with local officials and residents in Lebanon where federal disaster relief is helping the Cheshire, Grafton and Sullivan county communities rebuild.
I had a great time celebrating the 78th birthday of Social Security with Woonsocket seniors today. I pledge to continue working to protect Social Security and Medicare for Rhode Island seniors.
#ThrowbackThursday all the way back to law school - and my very '70's 'stache.
