Yesterday, the Senate failed to fix student loan interest rates. Students pay more, while the government profits. Check out my BuzzFeed op-ed for 11 reasons why Congress needs to fix student loan rates:  http://www.buzzfeed.com/senatorblumenthal/11-reasons-why-congress-needs-to-fix-student-loan-c703
***Cardin Statement On Russia’s Posthumous Conviction Of Sergei #Magnitsky***  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission and a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, issued the following statement in response to a #Russian court finding deceased whistleblower Sergei Magnitsky guilty of tax evasion.  Senator Cardin is the author of the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act that was signed into law in conjunction with Permanent Normal Trade Relations for Russia.     “Russia continues to do damage to itself with the shameful, posthumous conviction of whistleblower Sergei Magnitsky. Sadly, we have come to expect this sort of behavior from the Putin regime. Such a verdict does no further harm to Sergei, though it must be torturous for his family and friends. What this does is continue the downward spiral of Russia’s reputation as a law-abiding state and member of the international community. Those who are currently abusing the rights of the Russian people will one day pass into history and Sergei will be honored as a decent man, trying to do the right thing, who gave his life for a more just and free Russia. My hope for the Russian people is that such a day will come soon.”     Sergei Magnitsky was a 37-year-old Russian lawyer who uncovered massive fraud and corruption in Russia and then was arrested for his whistleblowing. He died in 2009 after suffering torturous conditions in pre-trial detention, being repeatedly denied medical treatment. Those who committed the corruption uncovered by Magnitsky and those responsible for his death have not been brought to justice. In some cases, they have been promoted since Magnitsky's death. Magnitsky currently is being tried posthumously. Since 2010, at the encouragement of Senator Cardin and his colleagues, the State Department has barred dozens of Russians implicated in Magnitsky's death from receiving travel visas.
Attention all vets! Please help me spread the word.
The backlog has been a persistent and inexcusable problem. Our nation’s heroes shouldn't have to wait for months or more for their claims to be addressed. Veterans deserve a comprehensive and permanent solution to this and our hope is that this Working Group will help ensure we reach that goal.
Please share this with the local veterans you know who are looking for work.
"When is Washington — when is Congress — going to get back to working on behalf of those still looking for work?"
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
Urging President Obama to swiftly implement the Supreme Court's DOMA decision to ensure that legally-married, same-sex couples are treated equally under Federal law regardless of where they live, to the greatest extent possible.
As the United States prepares to wind down military operations in Afghanistan, we must not withdraw support for one of the most critical efforts to ensure security and stability in the region: the decade-long effort to curtail the Afghan drug trade.
Governor Dave Cargo was a man who truly cared about working families. He will be remembered for his commitment to improving the lives of all New Mexicans, and for doing what was right and just. His legacy will live on in his achievements.
House finally passed a #FarmBill. Time for bipartisan work to get it done, something House has shown no interest in.
Great to meet with members of the Kindred Future Farmers of America chapter today! The Kindred High School students are in DC attending the National FFA Organization Leadership Conference. North Dakota FFA
We just introduced a #balancedbudget amendment. In North Dakota, we believe in fiscal responsibility. Time for Fed to do the same.
NA
It’s one week since I stood on Liberty Island for the reopening of the Statue of Liberty after the devastation of Superstorm Sandy.  Check out the video below in case you missed the July 4th event.   And I encourage everyone to celebrate America’s freedoms and visit Lady Liberty this summer!
Today the Senate Appropriations committee passed the Labor, Health and Human Services funding bill which makes important investments in the National Institutes of Health, supporting community health, research, education and innovation. Every day, NIH meets compelling human need developing new treatments and cures. It’s truly the National Institutes of Hope.  Earlier this week, I was joined by NIH Director Francis Collins at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore to call for an end to sequester that hurts research, education and patients.
NA
A new low (didn't think was possible): House GOP moves to eliminate every cent for food stamps from Farm Bill.
"Merkley has simultaneously taken on the challenge of fixing Washington while fixing America’s problems."
Here are some highlights from my speech this morning about the vital need to end gridlock in the Senate:
The Senate is broken, and I want to fix it. President Obama has had more cabinet secretaries filibustered than any other recent president. Republicans have employed creative new methods to obstruct nearly every single one of President Obama’s nominees.  There are currently 15 presidential nominees ready to be confirmed by the Senate who have been waiting nearly 9 months for confirmation! Republicans are blocking qualified nominees because they refuse to accept the law of the land. Unacceptable.  A President needs a team to run the government. For instance, you can’t ask a Major League Baseball Manager like Davey Johnson to field a winning team with half a roster. I will not wait another month, another year, another Congress to take action. #EndGridlock
Harbor Homes community center in Nashua receives $1 million grant to help fight veterans homelessness.
Today, Senator Brian Schatz announced that the Senate Appropriations Committee passed the fiscal year 2014 appropriations bill for Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies.  The bill includes funding for several Native Hawaiian programs, including those related to health care and education.  This is a key step for securing critical funding to assist Hawaii families in tough budgetary times.
Great news… Yellowstone National Park has already had over one million visitors this year.  Click LIKE and share your favorite Yellowstone story below.
Dave Cargo holds a special place in our state and in our hearts. He was much more than New Mexico’s youngest governor, he led our state with uncommon gifts, and he had a compassion for people that knew no bounds. He was bold, he was visionary, and he was always willing to reach across the aisle. Dave governed our state during a time of great turbulence, and he did so with a composure and wisdom far beyond his years. He was a friend of New Mexico, and a friend to each of us. And like any good friend, he made us better for having known him. Jill and I will miss Dave, and we extend our sincere sympathy to the Cargo family.
Today I was back on the Senate floor calling for an end of the unprecedented obstruction in the Senate and the need to confirm presidential nominees. The last election is behind us, and it's time for us to move forward and govern. If we let the obstruction continue, middle class families will be left unprotected in key agencies that are crucial to upholding environmental safety, labor and consumer rights. Watch my video and share if you agree – we have to do the people's work and #FixtheSenate
President Obama has said that he won't approve the Keystone XL pipeline if it significantly contributes to carbon pollution, but the analysis from the State Department contains significant mistakes.  With communities in Rhode Island and around the country already suffering from the effects of carbon pollution, we can't afford to let President Obama make his final decision based on faulty data. That's why Rep. Waxman and I are calling on the State Department to correct the mistakes in their Keystone XL climate impact analysis.
I spoke earlier today on the Senate floor about the impact of sequester spending cuts and the furloughs of thousands of Virginians who work for the federal government. As a member of the Senate who has the privilege of representing the Commonwealth, I will continue to reiterate this point for my colleagues: every day that we remain paralyzed by dysfunction, we’re asking our federal employees and their families to absorb most of the impact. It has been 110 days since the Senate worked until five o’clock in the morning to adopt a budget. Today, for the 16th time, Senate Republicans blocked us from working with the House on that budget.
Excited to host the third annual Virginia Young Professionals Summit on September 6-7 in Norfolk. I hope you can join us!
