Watch the video and see what Wisconsinites told Tammy at her breakfast with Superior Days delegates in Madison.
NA
Hanging out with Google as they help small businesses get online in Philly. Check out http://www.gybo.com/pennsylvania to learn more.
NA
Need FAFSA help? Join other Hoosier families on February 24 for College Goal Sunday. In its 24th year this free program will help students and family members navigate through the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) process. More than 88,000 Indiana students and families have received help obtaining their financial aid through College Goal Sunday. This year’s deadline is March 10. For further information and to find which location is closest to you, please click this link attached.
I’m spending the day in Socorro today. First stop: New Mexico Tech Tech to meet with faculty and students. Later in the day I’ll be joined by Mayor Ravi Bhasker and Terry Tadano, the Executive Director of the Socorro County Chamber of Commerce, to meet with local businesses and to discuss creating jobs and growing the economy. Photos and updates to come! You can also follow me on Twitter @MartinHeinrich
Completed my VAWA tour. Going to take the input to DC to continue pushing for VAWA to be signed into law.
Beautiful welcome at today's Violence Against Women Act discussion in Devils Lake, North Dakota at Lake Region State College
I concluded my defense tour with a visit to the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in my hometown of Richmond where I toured the hospital’s cardiothoracic surgery unit, polytrauma unit, and rehabilitation center.
Spending the day in the "Quiet Corner". Stops in Putnam, Killingly, Pomfret. Dropped by WINY Radio in Putnam and got to chat with former state Rep Shawn Johnston.
Claire, a former Jackson County Prosecutor, traveled across the state to call on the U.S. House to end its nine-month delay and pass the critical legislation
Great story about Major Ojeda's experience in Washington at the State of the Union. Senator Manchin truly enjoyed having him as his guest. http://1.usa.gov/W8622T
In case you missed it, Senator Shaheen contributed the below Op-Ed to the Concord Monitor on the critical importance of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). Shaheen, a long-time and vocal advocate of VAWA, called on the House to pass the bill without delay to ensure that victims of domestic and sexual violence have the resources they need. Click "like" and "share" to join Senator Shaheen in her support of VAWA.
Tens of thousands of people attended the Forward on Climate Rally in DC on Sunday. It was an honor to speak at this event and meet with the Rhode Islanders who used their holiday weekend to stand in the cold to demand action on climate change. Here are few photos from the event. Fans of Modern Family and Lost might spot some familiar faces.
