NRA leadership demonstrated yet again last week just how low they are willing to go in their unconscionable effort to block any and all common sense, life saving gun violence legislation. Their most recent repugnant tactic—repeated robo calls to Newtown, Connecticut families—mocks and betrays the courage and compassion demonstrated by the Newtown community just barely three months after one of the world’s most horrific acts of gun violence seized 26 beautiful and heroic young lives.  Read more over at Think Progress:  http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2013/03/25/1768431/blumenthal-nra-sandy-hook/?mobile=nc
Today is National Medal of Honor Day. As a Navy veteran, I'm proud to salute the sacrifices and dedication of the men and women who have earned the greatest distinction our military can bestow. All Americans should join together on this day to thank just a few of our nation's heroes.
In case you missed it, my appearance on msnbc's Morning Joe.
Joe’s next stop is in Lafayette for his second Hoosier JobsRoots roundtable with local business owners at the Wabash National Corporation.
Joe wants to help businesses create more jobs so more Hoosiers can get back to work. In Gary this morning, he began his “Hoosier JobsRoots” tour where he met with business owners and community leaders about how he could help them get more jobs to Indiana.
Outside the White House with Jeff Bingaman. Earlier today we were in the Oval Office as President Obama signed a proclamation establishing the Río Grande del Norte National Monument.
Thrilled to be back in North Dakota. Going to spend my time crisscrossing the state to discuss solutions to our state's housing challenges.
Today I helped cut the ribbon to dedicate a new state-of-the-art Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic at Fort Meade, which will serve 80,000 veterans in Anne Arundel and Howard counties. We have a sacred trust with those who have risked their lives so we can live in freedom. Providing our veterans with quality, competent care ensures that promises made are promises kept.
Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) speaks at the dedication ceremony for the new Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic at Fort Meade. The new state-of-the-art facility will serve 80,000 veterans living in Anne Arundel and Howard counties.
I'm pleased that President Obama today designated a National Monument on Maryland's Eastern Shore to honor the life & legacy of Harriet Tubman. Today’s action is a big step as we move towards the establishment of National Historic Parks to honor her heroic works.
Unbelievable that the NRA would stoop so low to robocall Newtown families. They need to stop, now. http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341182
Joined Senator Blumenthal and anti gun violence advocates this morning to keep pushing for stronger gun safety legislation
"Good people disagree with me. On the other hand, my children have a hard time understanding why this is even controversial. I think history will agree with my children." - Claire
Each year, the story of Passover is retold in households across Nevada and the United States. As families and loved ones gather tonight I wish them peace and happiness for this evening and in the days ahead.
"Passing along my best wishes to all those in New Hampshire and across the country who will be celebrating Passover this evening!" - JS
Happy to commemorate Greek Independence Day! Today we honor the 192nd anniversary of Greece's independence and reaffirm our country's solidarity with a valued ally.
"I join all those in New Hampshire in mourning the passing of Speaker Harold Burns. Throughout his many years of service to the Granite State, Speaker Burns' common-sense leadership and unwavering commitment to public service made our state a better place. My thoughts and prayers go out to the entire Burns family." - JS
On Monday, after President Barack Obama signs the Río Grande del Norte National Monument proclamation in the Oval Office, I will be hosting a gathering in Taos to celebrate the historic designation with the local community. The National Monument proclamation was achieved through strong community support and the tireless efforts of many, and I look forward to joining members of the Río Grande del Norte Coalition, local elected officials, members of the Taos Pueblo, local business leaders and other members of the community who have been instrumental in advocating for permanent protection of the area. Our celebration will reach from the Oval Office to Northern New Mexico, where communities will see the economic benefits of the monument and the beautiful land will be enjoyed by generations to come. Share this post to spread the word and join us in celebration!
I support marriage equality because it is the fair and right thing to do. Like many Virginians and Americans, my views on gay marriage have evolved, and this is the inevitable extension of my efforts to promote equality and opportunity for everyone. I was proud to be the first Virginia governor to extend anti-discrimination protections to LGBT state workers. In 2010, I supported an end to the military’s ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ policy, and earlier this month I signed an amicus brief urging the repeal of DOMA. I believe we should continue working to expand equal rights and opportunities for all Americans.
“There’s a large majority in the Senate who know that we’ve got to get this done,” Senator Warner said. “We’ve got to get revenues, we’re got to make sure Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid are sustainable for 50, 60 years, and we’ve got to do smarter cuts than we’ve put forward in the sequester.”  (staff)
