Thanks to everyone that came out Saturday and congratulations to everyone that made the College Democrats' Convention a huge success -- the largest in its history!
If you missed this story in yesterday's News Journal, check it out today. Our Delaware National Guard troops are selfless heroes, and their sacrifice doesn't go unnoticed. I'm so proud of them and wish them godspeed as they serve our country overseas.
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Nick from Fenwick Island about government support for the sugar industry.
NA
Lady Thatcher was an invaluable ally to the United States and the very definition of a strong leader who redefined politics for generations of women.
My Dickinson office will be closed today due to the no travel advisory. Be safe if you must go somewhere!
“This is a big win for survivors of sexual assault in the military, and for the causes of justice and accountability. A commander who has not listened to the testimony should not be able to unilaterally overturn a jury verdict or change an offender’s sentence without explanation—and it’s great news that Secretary Hagel agrees. I look forward to working with the Secretary and others to pass this crucial legislation that prevents this kind of abuse of authority.” - Claire
Claire was part of a panel before President Clinton and the Clinton Global Initiative University at Washington University on Saturday—she talked moderation in politics, and building alliances. Watch her discussion here (Claire starts speaking at 38 min):
Margaret Thatcher was such an important political figure of the 20th century, and her passing is an opportunity to reflect on how profoundly she changed the world. Her legacy as a great leader will live on not only in Great Britain, but across America and around the world.  http://1.usa.gov/146aO4m
NA
Every idea to curb gun violence should be on the table and every issue should get a vote. I'm deeply troubled that a number of my Republican colleagues plan not only to oppose stricter gun violence laws, but to prevent the Senate from even voting on those measures (video):
Today we remember the 6 million Jews and countless others who were tragically murdered during the Holocaust - the millions of individuals torn from their homes, the families that were forever separated, and the countless children who were murdered or orphaned. The stories of struggle and persistence passed on are calls to action to continue the fight against genocide, hatred, and oppression.
Senator Shaheen applauds Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel’s decision to seek changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice to will help ensure justice for sexual assault victims:    “I am encouraged Secretary Hagel has acknowledged the need to reform the military justice system and has reaffirmed his commitment to ending sexual assault in the military. Secretary Hagel’s response to recommendations put forth by myself and Senator Boxer is obviously welcome news but also underscores how much more work remains ahead of us. We have an obligation to do everything in our power to bring offenders to justice and I’m committed to accomplishing that goal. I look forward to working with the Pentagon to implement much needed legislative reforms to the Uniform Code of Military Justice and to address sexual assault in the military.”
Paying tribute today to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, the Iron Lady. Thatcher was a great friend to the United States and a global inspiration for women in government.
NA
When Rhode Islanders sent me to the U.S. Senate, I pledged to help close the Medicare Prescription Drug Doughnut Hole. With your support, we did just that and in 2012 13,834 Rhode Island seniors saved over $8 million in prescription drug discounts.
  
 Use the following link to view the 2012 interactive savings map by zip code and click the SHARE button to show your friends what we can achieve when we work together: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/savingsmap
On Yom HaShoah we remember the victims of the Holocaust and pledge to combat prejudice and hate. We must never forget.
