Tammy heard University of Wisconsin-Madison students’ debt stories and is pushing for a plan to allow graduates to refinance their loans.   "Unless something is done about growing student loan debt, it will take a toll on the national economy." -TB
It’s National Police Week, and today we’re honoring Officer Reed of the Yale University Police Department.   Officer Reed was dispatched to a report of a burglary in progress in an apartment building. When he arrived, he saw a man in the process of sexually assaulting a woman inside the apartment. Officer Reed forced entry into the building, halted the sexual assault and battled the perpetrator, who was a convicted felon, until backup officers arrived and subdued the individual. As a result, Officer Reed has been disabled for the past nine months and will be returning to work in June. The perpetrator pled guilty and was sentenced to twenty-five years in prison. Officer Reed was awarded the Medal of Valor by the Yale University Police Department.  Thank you, Officer Reed, for your dedication and sacrifice.
Today is National Bike to Work Day. And while the rain has slowed many best-laid plans, I hope many of you First Staters are taking advantage of Delaware being named the East Coast’s most bike-friendly state once again.
NA
This week, in honor of National Peace Officers Memorial Day (May 15) and National Police Week, Senator Donnelly cosponsored a resolution commemorating and honoring the dedication and sacrifice of law enforcement officers who have been killed or injured in the line of duty. He’s pictured here with the Pipes and Drums of the Lake County Indiana Sheriff's Department before a parade as part of the week’s memorial services in D.C.
Joe was proud to present Brenda Knowles of South Bend the medals her father, Ernest Knowles, earned while serving in the Army during WWII.
Children and young adults of Los Angeles looking for summer programs—here’s a one-stop shop with some great options!
We shouldn't be financing our government operations by charging high interest rates on student loans. More from my interview with KUNM Radio: 
Today, I met with human rights, Native American, and women's groups in Minneapolis that are working to combat human trafficking.  I was particularly impressed with the Minnesota Indian Women’s Resource Center and the work the organization is doing to reduce trafficking in Indian Country, which is too often a target. In North Dakota, I hope we can take many of the lessons from Minnesota to help stop trafficking in Indian Country and around our state. 
It’s no secret that housing costs in North Dakota are dramatically increasing – putting a burden on families across the state. On June 3 in Fargo, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development will host a free one-day housing training to help folks better understand what federal housing programs are available and how to better share resources between federal, state and local partners. Register below to save your seat today.
Too many of our men and women in uniform are coming home from battle with less visible wounds – PTSD, traumatic brain injury and depression. But we’re not making the same kind of commitment to treating those wounds of war. We must do more and that’s why I’m supporting legislation to provide more support and services to our veterans.  Also pictured here, from left to right: Veteran Marissa Rivera; Dwight Holton, CEO of Lines for Life; Diane McKeel, Multnomah County Commissioner; Cameron Smith, Director, Oregon Department of Veterans Affairs.
Marine One Presidential Helicopters will claim #MadeinNY; Lockheed Martin Owego workers sure know how to celebrate!
Congratulations to Nannu Nobis of Nobis Engineering, Inc. who yesterday received the 2014 8(a) Graduate of the Year for Massachusetts and the New England region from the Small Business Administration!   The 8(a) honor is presented annually to a business that has graduated from the SBA’s 8(a) business development program for government contracting and has a proven track record of business success. #SBW2014
The tourism and hospitality industry is a major economic driver and an area where we can work together to create and keep jobs in Hawaii. As Chair of the Senate Subcommittee on Tourism, Senator Schatz announced a tourism package to expand travel promotion and improve the travel experience for visitors and residents, boosting tourism to Hawaii and supporting jobs. 
