I spoke on Wednesday about how every in America deserves a fair shot. That’s why I am fighting for and will continue to fight for the middle class. -TB
As we head into the holiday weekend, I'd like to bring up a controversial issue that I know weighs on many of your minds…grilling. Gas or charcoal? A poll follows. Have a safe and fun Colorado weekend everyone.
With a decision looming on a new air traffic control facility that could bolster Tobyhanna’s future, I invited Department of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood to personally tour the Army Depot.
 
 Locating an air traffic control facility at Tobyhanna would substantially strengthen the depot’s position as a key element of our Nation’s defense infrastructure. Tobyhanna’s highly skilled workforce makes it an ideal location for this $200 million facility that has the potential to create jobs and grow the region’s economy.
PHOTOS: Joe visited Elkhart and South Bend to kick off the Memorial Day weekend.
Share this good news about Hoosiers lending a helping hand to our friends in Oklahoma.
Spent the morning honoring families of fallen North Dakota servicemembers. They are my inspiration.
Take a look at the newest Commonwealth Connection post by my traveling aide Heath to see what Anne and I did in Abingdon and Damascus last weekend. I loved getting to play harmonica on stage with Richard Leigh and the Sons of Bluegrass. Don’t miss our playlist from the drive!
Today I spoke at the annual McGuire VA Medical Center Memorial Day program to honor the men & women who gave their lives serving our nation.
Congratulations to the Virginia National Guard for earning national awards recognizing excellence. Two Virginia National Guard battalions were named the best in the nation, a Virginia Guard military police company earned the highest marksmanship scores in the U.S., and the Gate-City based 1032nd Transportation Company, 1030th Transportation Battalion, 329th Regional Support Group won an award for excellence in Army food service.  As governor I was proud to serve as the Commander of the Virginia National Guard and I am thankful for their service and sacrifice.
I attended Memorial Day events in Richmond and Amelia to pay tribute to the men and women in uniform who have given their lives in service to our country.
It’s finally here! The Jersey Shore’s first Summer after Superstorm Sandy. 
 
 We knew we’d make it. New Jerseyans stick together better than a bunch of salt water taffy left on the dashboard in the middle of July. 
 
 So let’s show everyone on Facebook and Twitter our spirit and all the Jersey Shore has to offer. Share your photos, videos and stories from Jersey Shore summers past and present. Show everyone in America this is where they want to be this summer!
 
 Let’s make it summer of sharing great memories – and making even better ones on the Jersey Shore!
Today I joined Sec. Arne Duncan for a forum on school safety w Hartford students.
Chatting w folks at a Congress on Your Corner visit to the Stop & Shop in Newington
Meeting w reps & caseworkers from local food banks to mark final day of SNAP challenge. 400k+ ppl in CT rely on SNAP
Barely ate yesterday so I had enough of my $4.80 left for mac and cheese for dinner last night. And when I hopped on the scale this morning, saw that I lost 6 lbs in 4 days. #foodstampchallenge
Claire honored veterans by participating in a Memorial Day ceremony where wounded warriors received Segway personal transporters to improve their mobility and independence.
In honor of Memorial Day, Senator Manchin is proud to offer a three-part legislation package to expand benefits for our veterans and active service members. http://1.usa.gov/16TNvvj
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 27 -Grant County   Fact: Named for Civil War General and 18th President, Ulysses S. Grant.  Recommendation: Visit Crystal Caves in Scherr and take a drive through this county to see many picturesque landscapes.
The problem of gridlock is real and needs to be fixed. Presidents (Democratic or Republican) deserve to have the people working for them that they choose. Republican obstruction has slowed down nearly every nominee that President Obama has submitted. Republicans have corrupted the Founders’ intent. I want to make the Senate work again – that is my commitment.
Today Senator Shaheen celebrated Pease Air National Guard Base, home to the 157th Air Refueling Wing, as the newly selected top Air National Guard base to receive the KC-46A tanker. This is great news for Pease and the talented, dedicated members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing. 
 
 Click "LIKE" and share to congratulate Pease Air National Guard Base on this exciting victory for New Hampshire!
Senator Shaheen, a recognized leader in STEM education efforts, introduced the Innovation Inspiration School Grant Program to boost access to STEM education opportunities. Read more about how Senator Shaheen's legislation would promote programs like FIRST Robotics: http://1.usa.gov/13PPJIO
Civil Beat: Schatz Carries On Inouye Dream For Native American Memorial  http://www.civilbeat.com/articles/2013/05/24/19148-schatz-carries-on-inouye-dream-for-native-american-memorial/
“It is critical that we recognize [Native American veterans'] bravery and patriotism with a fitting memorial.” -Senator Schatz  http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/native-american-veterans-memorial-gets-legislative-push/2013/05/23/b8c545ee-c3e6-11e2-8c3b-0b5e9247e8ca_story.html
Introduced legislation to strengthen existing military whistleblower protection laws to ensure that victims of sexual assault and other misconduct are protected from retaliation. The current whistleblower system is broken and dishonors the overwhelming majority of our military men and women who are serving with dignity and honor.
Yesterday, House Republicans passed a student loan bill that takes a bad situation and makes it worse. The July 1 deadline should not be turned into an opportunity to make more money at the expense of young Americans who are working hard to get an education. If we can invest in big banks by giving them low interest rates on government loans, we certainly can do the same to help students get an education. It’s time for Congress to bank on students.
