Today I helped cut the ribbon on a new facility that follows the concept of nurturing patient-centered medical homes. These facilities help our health care system get better results for less money by giving patients who do not need hospital emergency room care a place to seek medical attention.
Story on economic opportunities in PA, highlights importance of workforce development.
On Friday, I attended the Plateau Fiber Optic ribbon cutting in Moriarty and met with members of the Estancia Valley Economic Development Association. During a tour of Titan Aerospace, we explored one of the company’s latest project, the Solara Unmanned Aerial Vehicle. One of the highlights of the day, was meeting with Moriarty High School students who have spent the summer building a solar car with the sponsorship of Titan Aerospace.
NA
Toured the Volvo Trucks’ New River Valley (NRV) facility in Dublin and held a discussion with employees about the facility’s energy efficiency accomplishments and answered their questions about my first six months in office.
Had a great time visiting the RCPS+ summer program at Westside Elementary School in Roanoke, a summer program for students that promotes the development of STEM disciplines. I visited three classrooms where I watched second graders demonstrate a robotics experiment with legos, discussed leadership with fifth graders who will enter middle school next month, and read a book to first graders as part of their spider, motion, and carnival week.
Great visit with Secretary Foxx today. We discussed the value of improving rail service to job growth. Thanks for making CT your first trip!
Taking a moment to share a story with a happy ending for one of Claire’s #KansasCity staff members. A big THANK YOU to all who helped Greg find his four-legged friend who went missing after Greg’s home was robbed. We’re glad Rufus is back safe and sound! #MansBestFriend
NA
Great to meet with law enforcement and military personnel today at the University of New Hampshire to discuss continued efforts to fight sexual assault in the military.
Meeting today with Miss America, Mallory Hagan, to talk about the importance of Child Advocacy Centers in the fight against child abuse.
Happy 90th Birthday to Bob Dole – a leader of our nation’s Greatest Generation.  Twice a recipient of the Purple Heart, Bob dedicated his life to public service and he continues to be a champion for our nation’s veterans.
Secretary Hagel: Shut down the use of burn pits in Afghanistan. That is the message I, and my colleague Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), delivered in a letter to the Secretary of Defense. We wrote Secretary Hagel in response to a recent Inspector General report that found burn pits at two camps in Afghanistan are being used to dispose of daily waste — while newly purchased incinerators are going under-utilized. Not only does this waste millions of dollars in taxpayer money, it presents long-term health dangers to our service members and many veterans, such as MSgt. Jesse Baca of Albuquerque. Many of these men and women have already experienced the effects of breathing toxic smoke from burning waste. I was proud to work with Senator Corker on this issue. Together, we succeeded in passing legislation earlier this year that will create a burn pits registry to ensure veterans who have been exposed can begin to get the treatment they deserve. Click here to read more about our request to Secretary Hagel, and share it with your friends and family if you agree the use of toxic burn pits must be halted.
New Mexicans know green chile is one of the best things on earth, but sometimes we have to remind others. Our famous food is competing for "Best Iconic American Food" by 10Best Readers' Choice, but needs your help to take #1. Vote below and share it with others to support New Mexico green chile!
So proud to celebrate $800k in EPA grants for WaterFire Providence and the West Broadway Neighborhood Association to clean up polluted property and restore it into usable space. These projects will help revitalize the city of Providence. I congratulate both organizations on the award, and thank them for everything they do for the city.
Great to see progress on offshore wind in #HRVa. Will continue working on developing other coastal energy options.
NA
Yesterday marked the 2nd anniversary of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) opening its doors, and last week's Senate confirmation of Rich Cordray made it clear the CFPB is here to stay. Now we have a strong consumer agency that is hard at work getting rid of tricks, traps, and fine print, and holding financial institutions accountable when they break the law. It is already making a difference for American families and standing up for students, veterans, and seniors. We must continue fighting to protect the important gains we've made and to create a level playing field for working families.
