Today I joined other Senate women to tell Commissioner Goodell that it’s time for zero tolerance for domestic violence in the NFL.   If you violently assault a woman, you shouldn't get a second chance to play football in the NFL.
Last night, the President showed what a real leader is - a President who understands the threats we face and that America must not face those threats alone.  ISIS is a threat to the world and that is why I am so proud that President Obama has put together a broad-based coalition so that civilized nations can work together to degrade and defeat these terrorists.  President Obama recognizes that in order to do this, we must remember the tragic mistakes of the past and conduct this operation without American combat boots on the ground. Instead, we will rely on trained and vetted forces in the region that have the most at stake from the ISIS threat.  ISIS has already murdered two innocent Americans and has vowed that there will be more American bloodshed. These terrorists have threatened our embassies across the globe and said that "every American citizen is a legitimate target." They have also threatened our allies and all those who disagree with their demented ideology.  There is no way the international community can stand by in the face of the beheading, crucifixion, and stoning of innocent men, women, and children by a terrorist group that numbers in the tens of thousands and has the finances to continue their campaign of carnage until they are stopped.  Congress must stand behind the President in this effort by acting swiftly to provide funds so that the vetted Syrian rebels can take the fight to ISIS in Syria.
Last year, Colorado faced catastrophic levels of flooding and destruction. Then we came together to help our neighbors and work to rebuild better than before.  It’s amazing to look at these photos from Jamestown to see the progress there in one year.
I will always work to provide Connecticut residents and all Americans a #fairshot at a good education, good jobs, and equality in the workplace. On Monday, we expect the Senate will vote on #PaycheckFairness—share this so everyone knows what’s at stake.
On this day, I wish I could be with people in Connecticut to join in remembrance of the grievous events of 9/11, but I am proud to be working for you all here in Washington. Today, we remember and honor the 161 brave Connecticut souls—and all 2,977 victims—who lost their lives thirteen years ago. -RB http://j.mp/1rN0Vi2 
"Doctors think a person can survive without water for about three days. If our water infrastructure fails, how long could the American economy survive?"  Good read on the importance of water infrastructure investment. 
#NeverForget
“In my home city of #Baltimore, more than 95 percent of the water mains are more than 65 years old, so it is no surprise that nationwide, there are more than 800 water main breaks each day.”  “I applaud Baltimore,Mayor  Stephanie Rawlings-Blake , and mayors across the country who are committed to ensuring that our water infrastructure meets the needs of citizens. These statistic is emblematic of the larger issue of our nation’s aging and overburdened water infrastructure that we must work to transform.”
On this day let us not only mourn for those we lost, but let us vow to them to be as good as they would expect us to be. 9/11 was intended to bring this country to new lows but instead we achieved new highs. Keep the memories of 9/11 in our hearts and let them guide our actions. Actions that show each other and the world just how good we really are, and just how good we can be.
The United States acts in a stronger way when Congress and the administration work together on foreign policy. We agree that #ISIL is a brutal terrorist organization that threatens the stability and security of the Middle East and has demonstrated its willingness to attack Americans and our allies. These are extremely dangerous people that must be dealt with in a strong and forceful manner by the international community. I support the President’s goals but feel strongly that America should not be drawn into a protracted military campaign or act where local forces should be protecting their own country. Military action alone will not get rid of ISIL. Stable governments that represent all the people in these countries are needed. And we must work to cut off the financial and political support for extremist groups.
Today, 13 years after 9/11, we mourn the precious friends and family we lost but also reflect on the sense of unity that, as a nation, we gained.
As they dedicate the Erie County September 11th memorial today, I want to commend former Erie City Councilman Mark Aleksandrowicz, his committee, and all the volunteers who brought the memorial to completion. Over seventy elected officials, labor unions, and individuals donated their time, energy, and resources on the project.  I congratulate them on a job well done. It is important that we take time to remember and honor those who lost their lives to a brutal act of terrorism thirteen years ago. They will always be in our thoughts and prayers.
Today, we pay tribute to and draw inspiration from the heroes who were lost on September 11, 2001.  On that bright sunny day, in New York, at the Pentagon and in the skies above Pennsylvania - heroic Americans confronted the darkness with bravery and fortitude. Countless patriots acted selflessly on behalf of our nation.  Let us today recommit ourselves to honoring their sacrifice.  May God bless them, God bless their families and God bless America.
Last night, the President outlined a comprehensive strategy for the U.S. and a broad coalition to take action against ISIL, a vicious terrorist group that has brutally murdered Americans and threatens our national security interests. I believe it is prudent for the U.S. to take action now to eradicate ISIL.
Senator Coons spoke on the Senate floor today about the President's strategy to degrade and destroy the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Read his full speech here: http://1.usa.gov/1uxR8jO
“Do not let any calamity-howling executive with an income of $1,000 a day, ...tell you...that a wage of $11 a week is going to have a disastrous effect on all American industry." – President Franklin Delano Roosevelt  #RaiseTheWage
We will never forget the dark minutes, hours, days and months after the attacks on September 11, 2001. I will be holding a heavy heart today as I join the nation in remembering those that we lost, as well as honoring the first-responders who gave their lives to help others 13 years ago.
At the beginning of Suicide Prevention Month, Joe teamed up with WFYI to host a screening and discussion of “Coming Back with Wes Moore”, a PBS documentary on servicemember’s transition home from war. The challenges servicemembers face when returning home can significantly contribute to Post-Traumatic Stress, and perhaps even suicide. Check out this clip from last week’s event below.
“ISIS is an extremely violent group that poses an ongoing, serious threat to the Middle East, the U.S., and our allies around the world.  I support ongoing and future airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq, and I support the President’s new proposal for airstrikes in Syria. The U.S. is not alone in the fight against ISIS. They are a threat to us all, without regard for international borders or the rule of law…Among all our partners in this fight, none is more critical right now than the Iraqi government in Baghdad. It is essential to addressing the threat of ISIS that Iraq’s leadership send a strong message of inclusion to Iraq’s religious and ethnic minorities…I believe that President Obama has existing authority to take the actions he outlined. I do, however, think that that the President’s ability to respond forcefully and effectively to protect American interests would be strengthened by seeking authorization from Congress.”  –Joe following President Obama’s address to the nation last night regarding the ongoing threat of ISIS and plans for U.S. military action.   Read Joe’s full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/1whcMcf. 
Thirteen years ago today, our country was changed forever. And while no amount of reflection can change the past, we come together today with the hope that maybe it can change the future. We come together with the understanding that by remembering those we have lost—the victims, the first responders, and the brave men and women who went to war as a result—we can better appreciate why we work to make the United States of America an even stronger, better nation. We honor their sacrifice through our hard work and through our love of neighbor and country, so that we can show the world that we will never forget.   Only by working to make our country and our world a better place can we rightly honor those we lost on September 11th, 2001. Let us remember that today.   -Joe
I appeared on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports this afternoon to talk about President Obama’s plan to confront ISIL. Watch here: 
13 years ago, our nation was changed forever. We will never forget those who died, and the sacrifices made by so many heroes that day.
I support the president’s ISIL strategy, he's right to use his authority to go on the offense. It's critical that Congress and the American people come together to support this critical national security mission.
Today our nation pauses to remember those who lost their lives during the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. We will never forget them or the brave first responders who risked their lives to help their fellow Americans. I keep the families of those who lost loved ones 13 years ago in my thoughts, and share my sincere gratitude for the troops and veterans who made tremendous sacrifices since 9/11 and those that are currently serving our country both at home and abroad.
I remain adamantly opposed to returning American combat troops to battlegrounds in the Middle East, but I believe the President's counterterrorism strategy outlined tonight makes sense and stands in stark contrast to the previous wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.  ISIL has barbarically killed and tortured innocent civilians, including Americans. There currently does not exist a more extreme terrorist group than ISIL, and they are well funded, well armed, and have no intention of stopping until their goals are realized.  Assembling an international coalition to destroy ISIL through air power and the training of partner forces is a pragmatic and powerful approach. I'm encouraged that President Obama has insisted on support from Arab allies and that Iraq form a more inclusive regime that is representative of all its people. These elements are critical to destroying ISIL and to ensuring the United States does not become entangled in another decade-long-war in the Middle East.
Honored to be recognized by the North Dakota Auto Dealers for my work to address issues most important to their industry.
Met with the National Bison Association today to discuss the current status of the bison industry and my support to designate November 1 as National Bison Day.
Today I led a bipartisan group of 53 Senators in calling on the EPA to provide a 60-day extension for the public comment period on the EPA’s proposed rule to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants. Implementing a sweeping regulatory change that impacts the nation’s entire electrical generation system is not something that can, or should, be done on an expedited timetable. Folks need a chance to digest the complex rule proposed by EPA to make accurate and appropriate assessments of their abilities to meet these standards. Especially in a state like North Dakota, where we still generate a majority of our electricity from coal-fired power, but also generate and transmit a lot of fossil and renewable electricity for neighboring states, it’s critical and that everyone has a chance to weigh in on policies that impact their homes, their businesses, and their communities. 
The airports in Mohall, Lakota, Beach, Glen Ullin, Bottineau and Linton will receive a total of more than $1 million in federal funds to make improvements and updates. Since I brought FAA Administrator Huerta to North Dakota in April, our state has seen continued investment in our aviation infrastructure and industry. These funds reaffirm the FAA’s commitment to helping our state address the exponential growth and demand for air travel, while also realizing the great economic impact airports have in our communities. 
Today – and every day - we remember the thousands of lives lost on 9/11, and we support the loved ones they left behind. Among those innocent victims were North Dakotans Al Marchand, Robert Rasmussen, and Ann Nelson. Their memories live on in the family and friends they deeply impacted during their shortened lives and they will never be forgotten. My thoughts and prayers are with Al’s, Robert’s, and Ann’s families and friends, and the countless other Americans whose lives were forever changed by the horrific attack.
Today we honor the memory of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001 in Virginia, New York, and Pennsylvania. As we continue to face new challenges around the world, let us remember the American spirit that united us in the wake of 9/11 and the heroic actions of our first responders and servicemembers who continue to inspire us.
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday spoke on the Senate Floor about the Ebola crisis in West Africa.  Leahy urged his colleagues to support steps needed to combat this public health and moral issue. 
Reaction Of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) To President Obama’s Announcement That The Administration Will Train And Equip Syrian Rebels That Oppose ISIS   Wednesday Night, Sept. 10, 2014  “There is no place in the 21st Century for a terrorist organization that so devalues human life as to summarily execute and otherwise brutalize people for no reason other than their religious, ethnic or national affiliation in an attempt to establish their own religious state.  ISIS poses a serious threat to the security of anyone it encounters, including Americans.  It is a blight on that region and an affront to civilization itself.  The President, who has wisely rejected the deployment of U.S. ground troops, has acted prudently by working to build an international coalition that includes key Arab states and regional leaders.  He has authorized air strikes against ISIS and further support for Syrian rebels opposing ISIS, many of whom have also been targeted by the cruel regime of Bashar al-Assad.  “I support the President because I believe that ISIS must be stopped, that U.S. leadership is urgently required, and that he has no intention of allowing the United States to become entangled in another large-scale war in the Middle East.  Should the President attempt to significantly expand U.S. military involvement beyond what was outlined in his speech, he should seek and obtain congressional authorization.”  # # # # #
Thirteen years ago, we looked across the Hudson & saw our lives change forever.  Today, once again, we first & foremost remember the 2,974 people who died. We remember their families, & the courage & service of the first responders.    Let us always remember the lives lost on that fateful day. May God bless them & may God bless America.
Like so many in Connecticut, I lost neighbors and friends on 9/11. We will never, never forget them.
As you may have heard, CL&P is planning to increase its service fee dramatically for customers in Connecticut. This is a move that will put a huge additional burden on homeowners in Connecticut, but it will also likely deter clean energy usage. When electrical rates rise, that can be an incentive to invest in energy-saving home upgrades and explore alternative energy options. But when you increase a flat fee like this, consumers have little recourse and are largely unable to escape the impact of the increase.   I'm calling on CL&P to not increase its service fee and come up with a new proposal that won't force customers to shoulder this burden and minimizes impacts on consumer incentives to invest in energy efficiency. CL&P should work with the Connecticut Clean Energy Finance and Investment Authority to find a better path forward.
“Today, I join every American in paying tribute to those we lost on that day. My prayers are with them and their families, the first responders who rushed into danger, and with the thousands who sacrificed so much in the wars that followed. As we’ve been reminded in recent weeks, America still has dangerous enemies. And we owe it to the thousands of our citizens who died 13 years ago to ensure we are doing everything possible to protect our nation, while staying true to the values that make us who we are.” -Claire
Today Jeff joined colleagues in calling on Senate Republicans to stop stalling progress on a range of issues that would give America’s middle-class families a fair shot, particularly the Fair Minimum Wage Act, which would raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 and provide automatic annual increases linked to changes in the cost of living.
ICYMI: Merkley urges Senate to make college more affordable:
ICYMI: Thanks Abby Huntsman and everyone else at MSNBC's The Cycle for having me on the show this afternoon.
As co-founder of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, Senator Manchin hosted a veteran employment forum for veterans at the Capitol to help connect veterans with experienced and successful business leaders.
ICYMI: I was pleased to join Brian Kilmeade on Fox News earlier to discuss President Obama's plan to defeat the Islamic State.
On the 13th anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks, we come together as a nation to reflect and remember the many lives lost on one of the most horrific days in American history. The shocking images of the Twin Towers falling, the Pentagon in flames, and the rural Pennsylvania field scattered with fiery debris will be forever imbedded in our minds as the terrifying tragedy that all Americans endured together. September 11, 2001 was a turning point for American history, but it was also the event that united us stronger than ever before. American flags graced every front porch and the Pledge of Allegiance was recited with unparalleled passion and patriotism. Now, it is time that we rekindle the spirit of unity that we felt in the aftermath of those terrible attacks. In our shared grief, it is important that we put aside our political differences for our common trust in this great nation. As we remember and honor the victims and their families, I urge all West Virginians to recommit themselves to serving their neighbors, strengthening their communities, and showing the world yet again why we are the greatest nation on Earth. May God bless us all and may God bless America.
Today, we pause in solemn remembrance in honor of all the 9/11 victims, survivors, first responders, rescue and recovery workers whose lives were forever changed that day.  They will be forever in our hearts.  Our country came together that day, and we must strive to move forward with that same sense of purpose and unity: Never forget and never stop trying to make the world a better, safer place.
Tonight, the President made a clear, compelling case that denying ISIL safe havens will require a targeted, smart, and sustained multi-national effort.   Like many Americans, I am skeptical of deeper military involvement that could lead to an open-ended conflict.  I don’t want to see more U.S. combat troops on the ground because I think that is what ISIL wants: to try to bog us down in a bloody and costly fight that helps them recruit more terrorists.  Indigenous forces on the ground are going to have to step up.   This President’s deliberate and thoughtful strategy ensures we will not repeat the mistakes of rushing into ground combat as we did in Iraq in 2003.  Instead, he developed a comprehensive strategy that includes our allies in the region, together with the force of our diplomatic power, intelligence capabilities, and targeted military might.
Today Senate Republicans clearly showed that they would rather sideline hard-working families in order to protect the Koch brothers and other radical interests that are working to fix our elections and buy our democracy.   While Republicans in Congress stand up for the Koch brothers, Senate Democrats will continue to stand up for our constituents and fight the corrosive influence of dark money in American politics.
Where were you on 9/11?  I remember the events of that day so clearly.  I don’t want to ever forget it, and I want to make sure we honor the heroes that paid the ultimate price for freedom. 
Remembering the victims of 9/11 and praying for their families. 13 years ago seems like yesterday. #NeverForget
“Thirteen years ago this morning our nation was struck by a senseless act of terrorism that took the lives of nearly 3,000 people, including ten New Hampshire residents. I, along with every American, still remember the shock, horror and anger we felt as we watched the tragedy unfold. Today, we remember and honor the lives of those lost but also the courage and sacrifice of the first responders and the men and women who volunteered to serve our country and seek justice for those killed.   “September 11th also provides a reminder that we must be ever-vigilant in protecting our country, our people and our interests against evolving terrorist threats posed by extremist groups, including the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). We must remain resolved and determined to decisively destroy this terrorist group, because we cannot forget the tragedy of thirteen years ago."  -JS
Getting big money out of our elections will improve how we govern and help break the gridlock in Washington, DC.  Today's failure to pass a Constitutional Amendment is a setback for our country.  I will not stop fighting to improve our elections and overturn Citizens United.  Watch my speech from earlier this week below.
On days like today, we pause to remember what it means to be American and to remember those who lost their lives thirteen years ago.  We ask ourselves why we were attacked.  We were attacked because we love liberty.  Because we value freedom.  And because we stand for something greater than ourselves.  There are folks out there who don’t value freedom the way we do.  The surge of ISIS in Iraq and Syria reminds us all of that.  The anniversary of September 11th is a reminder of what we fight for.  We fight for our ideals.  We fight for our right to be free.  And we fight to show the world that peace and prosperity should be our guiding lights.
I appreciate the President developing a coalition to take the fight to ISIS.  But this must be different from Iraq a decade ago.  It must be a true coalition with full support from our allies.  Moving forward, the President must meaningfully consult with Congress and keep American boots off the ground.  Above all, any mission must make Americans safer.
I’m pushing to raise the minimum wage because increasing the minimum wage ensures families have money to spend at local businesses, and it's one of the best things we can do to boost New Mexico's economy.  Raising the minimum wage will benefit 147,000 workers in New Mexico.  At today's minimum wage, too many New Mexico families work two or three jobs just to put food on the table and fill up the gas tank, yet they still can't make enough to climb out of poverty. Our nation was founded on the promise that - no matter your background - anyone who works hard can get ahead. It's time to raise the minimum wage to make sure we're keeping that promise so that all New Mexico families have a real chance at the American dream.
Today was a historic day for campaign finance reform, with more than half of the Senate voting on a constitutional amendment to make it clear that the American people have the right to regulate campaign finance. It is unfortunate, but not unexpected, that Republicans would filibuster this measure and instead choose to support a broken system that prioritizes corporations and billionaires over regular voters. Momentum continues to build for common-sense campaign finance reform, and I will keep leading this fight on behalf of New Mexicans and all Americans to restore our nation’s founding principle -- a democracy of, by, and for the people.
Today, as we come together as a nation to reflect on the tragic events of 9/11, we remember and honor those whose lives were taken in New York City, Shanksville and Arlington, the heroic first responders who rushed to the aid of others, and the brave men and women who were called to duty and selflessly served their people and their nation in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks.  Out of tragedy, we joined together in the spirit of unity that would help us to heal. As we pause today to remember those whose lives were lost on that terrible day, we also commemorate those who made the ultimate sacrifice to make our country safer and recognize those who continue to proudly serve their nation.  We owe all of our service members and first responders a debt of gratitude, and must do everything in our power to support them and their families both abroad and at home.
This view from my office is a solemn reminder of the victims whose lives were lost 13 years ago today. We will never forget 9/11.
On today's 13th anniversary of September 11, we come together again as a nation and a Commonwealth to honor the courage of our fallen heroes and our first responders. We must never forget the sacrifices they made, and resolve as a nation to remain vigilant.
Did you know that gay and bisexual men across the country are barred from donating blood for life simply because of who they are? This is wrong. There's no current science to back up this government policy regarding blood donation, and now it’s just plain old discrimination. This week, Sen. Tammy Baldwin, Sen. Tom Harkin, Rep. Mike Quigley and I sent a letter to the Department of Health & Human Services, urging them to put new rules in place that follow the recommendations of the scientific and medical communities. Equal means equal, and, in this case, it means following science, not prejudice.
