Senator Donnelly announced today that his office will host a Veterans History Project event on Wednesday, March 26 at the Twilight Towers in Tell City. The Veterans History Project is an effort by the Library of Congress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the military by recording their personal narratives. Learn more about how you or someone you know can participate here.
I spoke on the Senate floor last week as part of the Senate Democrats all-nighter on climate change.
In-studio for a live interview with KDSK radio.
Talking economic development with local leaders over coffee at El Cafecito.
On the road to Acoma.
Native American languages tell the story of a tribe's history and culture, and they are important parts of American history. I'm proud to support a bill that protects programs that teach Native children their traditional language, while also helping them do better in school and learn about their heritage. Without making a concerted effort to protect Native languages now, we risk losing them forever. 
Open enrollment for the Health Insurance Marketplace ends on March 31st - be sure to sign up before so you and your families are fully protected. 
If you own a small business and want to learn about ways to expand your business abroad, join US Export-Import Bank Chairman and President Fred P. Hochberg at a free forum on Thursday, March 20. Register here: http://www.exim.gov/gasb
This week, three members of my staff, Gwen Mason, Laura Blevins, and Marc Cheatham, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Tazewell, Woodstock, Clinchco and Richmond. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: 
Claire's hosting public town hall meetings and other events with local leaders across Missouri this week to hear directly from Missourians on how to continue expanding job and business opportunities.  Beginning today, Monday, March 17, “McCaskill on Main Street” will bring Claire to communities across the state where she will hear ideas and concerns from constituents, answer questions, and give a firsthand update about her ongoing work in the Senate to boost jobs.
Claire will continue her 'McCaskill on Main Street' tour tomorrow morning by hosting a town hall in Rolla at 11:00am. If you're in the area and interested in attending you can register using the link below. We hope to see you there.  http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/rollatownhall/
Claire will continue her 'McCaskill on Main Street' tour tomorrow afternoon by hosting a town hall in Springfield at 2:00pm. If you're in the area and interested in attending you can register using the link below. We hope to see you there.  http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/springfieldtownhall/
Since its doors first opened in Parkersburg on March 17, 1839, United Bank has served West Virginia's communities with the utmost integrity and with incredible dedication to its customers. Congratulations today on 175 years of service and success, and thank you for your continued commitment to the Mountain State.  http://www.statejournal.com/story/24975784/united-bank-to-mark-175th-anniversary-monday
Thanks to everyone who attended today's @JetBlue event in #Albany - esp those who wore green!
Taking action to close loopholes will make flights safer and help curb passport theft down the road after #Malaysian Air flight 370  
Today we’re all Irish! Happy Saint Patrick’s Day to everyone!
Open government is good government, and there’s no better time to call for more transparent leadership than Sunshine Week. LIKE and SHARE to spread the word about the benefits of more transparency and accountability in government.
Wrapped up a good trip around Montana with Interior Secretary Jewell today by seeing the Crown of the Continent and Ft. Peck/Dry Prairie Water Project.  We heard many good ideas from Montanans about the best ways to protect our outdoor heritage while growing our state's economy.
Share this graphic if you're excited for the 2014 Virginia Young Professionals Summit at Virginia Tech's Lane Stadium! The summit is free but space is limited. For more info and to register visit: http://www.warner.senate.gov/ypsummit.
A big congrats and #wahoowa to Virginia Cavaliers - ACC champions and a number 1 seed! And congrats to Virginia Commonwealth University on a great season and a spot in the big dance.
