Over the past two decades the Violence Against Women Act has significantly reduced domestic violence by funding programs that protect women and children from abuse. On the 20th Anniversary of VAWA let’s continue moving forward in our efforts to #ProtectAllWomen.
Big day in Fargo for College GameDay today! Amazing crowd cheering on NDSU and I'm just soaking in the excitement. Go #Bison!
Today marks the 20th Anniversary since the enactment of the Violence Against Women Act. The passage of the VAWA in 1994 was a long overdue acknowledgement of a problem that existed in the shadows for far too long. When I served as North Dakota’s Attorney General in the 1990s, I implemented this law at a state level. Reducing domestic violence was, and remains, one of my top priorities. This law's passage told women who were victims of domestic and sexual abuse that they were no longer alone, and let abusers know that we were coming after them. When I came to the Senate, one of the first bills I cosponsored and helped pass, was the reauthorization of this law with a key provision to provide crucial protections for Native American women, a population that I have been calling for extra protections for since my time as Attorney General. But we can’t sit on the sidelines and think that our work is done. This change won’t be achieved by just new laws and programs, but instead it requires a renewed commitment to stop domestic violence everywhere. It takes a culture change to really transform the way we address domestic violence. This law has made a huge difference, and if we continue to work together to bring the problems of domestic violence to light and hold the entire system accountable, we will find more progress and protections in the years to come, and make sure that every woman is safe. 
Today, Gayle and I mourn the loss of a true West Virginian, Shelley Moore. She was an amazing woman who represented the people of West Virginia with grace and dignity as first lady, but whose love and tenderness as a mother and friend touched so many. Our thoughts and prayers are with her family today, and I encourage everyone across our state to take a moment to honor and remember the life of a great West Virginian.
