Today Senator Cardin made his first post to the Daily Kos with an entry titled "Climate Change is Here, Now".
Please read this release concerning a new study to diagnose and treat military PTSD and depression.   CARDIN PRAISES START OF NEW STUDY TO IDENTIFY BEST TREATMENTS FOR MILITARY DEPRESSION AND PTSD  U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), who in 2009 first introduced legislation to study the increased use of antidepressants among our combat troops and what impact these drugs may be having on the mental health of our troops, today lauded the start of a new multi-site clinical trial utilizing PEER interactive that will finally help determine if DOD is prescribing anti-depressants to its service members appropriately and what is the best form of treatment for Depression, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and related mental health conditions.  “For years, I have been troubled by the deteriorating mental health of so many of our combat troops and the potential correlation between widely used prescription medications and the record-high suicide rate among active-duty soldiers.  We ask so much of our men and women in uniform without knowing the full extent of the mental trauma inflicted by combat.  We can take steps to limit multiple deployments and extended separations, but we also must work to remedy the strains and deteriorating mental health of so many of our combat troops,” Senator Cardin said.   “I am proud to announce that Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, will begin using its new technology, PEER Interactive to help identify how we can best help the mental health of our brave military men and women. PEER Interactive is an emerging technology designed to support physicians in identifying the best treatments for certain psychiatric disorders. During the clinical trial, military physicians will treat 2,000 volunteer study patients with a primary diagnosis of Depression. The patients may also have comorbid disorders such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), and other psychiatric disorders.    “The mental health and well-being of those who have volunteered to serve our Nation must remain one of our highest priorities.  There is more work to do and we will use this data in this study to continue to strengthen suicide prevention and overall mental health efforts.”  The statistics are disturbing. From 2005-2008 -- the last year full data were provided by DOD -- there was a 400 percent increase in the prescription of antidepressants and other drugs used to treat anxiety.  Just two weeks ago, the military released data showing that suicides among those on active duty hit a record high in 2012. There were 349 suicides among active duty personnel – almost one a day and the highest since the Pentagon began tracking numbers in 2001 and exceeds the 295 Americans who died in combat in Afghanistan last year. It’s not only our Active Duty Members, but our veterans as well.  According to a recent report from the Department of Veterans Affairs that examined suicide data from 1999 to 2010, almost once an hour – every 65 minutes to be precise – a military veteran commits suicide.   “We need to know why has there been such a large increase in the use of antidepressants among our combat troops and whether or not these soldiers receiving proper medical supervision. We must gain a better understanding of the relationship between the use of antidepressants and the alarming rate of suicides within the military,” Senator Cardin added.  “DOD has made significant strides in addressing its pre-deployment health care screenings and post-deployment health care follow-ups and treatment, when necessary.  It also has taken many positive steps towards de-stigmatizing the process of seeking and obtaining mental health care for our troops.  But the use of prescription antidepressant drugs – most notably those known to have adverse side effects – pose an unacceptably high risk to our troops, particularly while they are serving in forward operating areas.  My concern is not the long-term efficacy of these drugs, but the volume and manner in which these drugs are being administered to our troops overseas.”  Senator Cardin testified in 2010 before the Senate Armed Services Personnel Subcommittee to voice his concerns about the use of antidepressants among our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan and ongoing questions about whether there is a connection between the reported use of such prescription medications and the record-high suicide rate among active-duty soldiers.    ###
Ben- #RavensNation is everywhere, even on the Senate floor! Congrats to the Super Bowl Champion Baltimore Ravens, thanks for a great season- can't wait until next September.
Just unveiled major legislation to upgrade the region's locks and dams - http://1.usa.gov/Wv3B7e
It was an honor to be with the Rosenstock Family this morning, to honor Private First Class Philip Rosenstock for his service and dedication to our country during World War I. It was during these battles that Philip was wounded not just once, but twice, earning the Purple Heart and an oak leaf cluster. The first time was the result of a gas attack, the second time was a gunshot wound. As Philip returned home and began a new life, his love for his country resonated to the next generation of his son, Martin, who is here today to accept these medals in honor of his father. Martin Rosenstock who in his own right, served honorably during WWII as Bombardier on a B17 and flew 35 missions in 80 days. I want to humbly thank both Martin and Philip for their service, and present these long over-due honors to the Rosenstock family.
Next week, Sen. Donnelly will kick off his “Closing the Skills Gap Tour” and address the need for common sense legislation that would create more effective training and educational programs for Hoosier workers back home. In this three-day, five-community tour, Joe will meet with employers, educators, and workers and discuss his goal to bring bipartisan support for a bill that will allow workers to match the skills needed for available  jobs. Share this post if you’re for creating better career opportunities for Hoosiers, and check back here to see photos and more information on Joe’s tour.
I want to thank Fort Wayne native Lieutenant Colonel Dan Gilbert for joining me this Tuesday for the President’s State of the Union address. Dan’s career in the US Armed Forces carries many achievements, and I thank him for his service, bravery, and dedication to our country. –Joe
Strengthening the Public Lands Corps program will continue to provide rewarding opportunities for young adults who want to work to preserve our water and public lands, such as our rivers and lakes, national parks and forests, and tribal lands. This bill is also particularly significant for tribal families in New Mexico because it establishes the Indian Youth Service Corps where young adults can work to preserve their tribal lands and strengthen their communities. As a former AmeriCorps volunteer myself, I spent the better part of a year doing construction, education, and fieldwork for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and I know first-hand that these programs are essential to improve the lives of those around us.  http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339708
A quality postal service is essential for North Dakotans and I am going to fight to make sure we get a fair shake.
Met with members of the education community at the Campagna Center in Alexandria where we discussed the effects sequestration and budget uncertainty would have on critical programs like special education, career and technical education and Head Start.
NA
NA
"U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill, whose wartime contracting subcommittee is expanding its reach, is also adding a new assignment to her Senate portfolio as chair of a separate Senate panel that oversees consumer protection and product safety issues." That and more in the St. Louis Beacon on Claire's new leadership roles this Congress.
NA
NA
I'm proud to push for a Montana hero to serve on a national commission examining the future of the U.S. Air Force.  Read more below.
This Sunday will be the largest climate rally in US history. I'll be there, and so will hundreds of Rhode Islanders who are traveling to DC to be part of it. You can join us on the National Mall at noon on 2/17.
Together with Sen. Tim Kaine and a bipartisan group of seven Virginia Congressmen, I’ve sent a letter to President Obama and Congressional leadership decrying the devastating effects that sequestration would have on the Commonwealth if allowed to take effect.  With the jobs of thousands of Virginians at risk, we will continue working to do whatever it takes to find bipartisan agreement averting this enormous threat to our economy and national security.
Today I joined  U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren  (D-MA) in sending a letter to the heads of the Consumer Financial Protection Board (CFPB) and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) urging them to take action to improve consumer credit reporting.  Credit scores have enormous importance for consumers, whether for buying a house or car, or securing a loan to start a business.  Errors that misrepresent the credit scores of tens of millions of Americans are unacceptable, and recent CFPB and FTC reports indicating that as many as 20% of credit reports are inaccurate demand immediate attention.
