Today’s move by the U.S. Supreme Court is a major step for Colorado’s same-sex marriage advocates and a major step for equality. Colorado will join the growing list of states with full marriage equality. Marriage is a special right that same-sex couples deserve to enjoy, and they should have the same rights and opportunities that the law grants to Susan and me.
Friday, I joined with #Baltimore clergy,the Muslim community leaders and civil rights activists Friday at the Union Baptist Church to announce their united support for an end to racial profiling by all levels of law enforcement.   Our faith leaders are on the front lines of the fight against injustice in our communities. We welcome their voice and their insight to this battle against a practice that has no place within the values of our country.  Racial profiling -- and discriminatory profiling based on race, ethnicity, religion or any other sweeping generalizations – is a matter that needs to be addressed from the root. We need a permanent solution that will begin to educate law enforcement in the differences between a suspect description and discriminatory profiling. Systematic reform is necessary at all levels of law enforcement so that we can prevent any more parents from having to grieve for their children like the parents of Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin.
Heading to WYPR to discuss #racialprofiling, #election2014, The Chesapeake Bay, #studentloans, #secretservice, and more with Dan Rodricks. Tune in to #WYPR at 1pm.
Thanks to two federal grants, the work of the state legislature, the University of Delaware and the Delaware Center For The Inland Bays, Delaware’s oyster aquaculture could be thriving soon.
Had a great time meeting high school students at Wings & Wheels on Friday and encouraging them to continue in aviation!
Just spoke with @msnbc’s @jdbalart about controlling the #ebola outbreak. Visit http://cdc.gov to learn more.
The border is more secure than ever. There is no excuse to delay action on immigration reform. Read more in my op-ed.
A momentous day for marriage equality! #MarriageMomentum #SCOTUS 
Today I presented local Vietnam War Veteran Sergeant Richard Meyer, from Hankinson, with his Purple Heart Certificate and new medals he had previously earned while serving in the Army in 1967. I’m committed to making sure we continue to thank those who served and that our veterans are never forgotten. Whether it is to award a hero like Sergeant Meyer his Purple Heart certificate and high honor medals today, decades after he earned them, or by getting our men and women in uniform the access to care they need when they come home from battle – I’ll continue to be a voice for our veterans every single day. http://1.usa.gov/1rSA4UD
Today I helped announce a training session in Fargo to educate and better prepare first responders and emergency personnel on the proper handling of rail cars, when handling potential derailments of cars carrying crude oil and other hazardous materials – something we all saw the seriousness of when a train carrying crude oil derailed near Casselton last December. That’s why I introduced a bill earlier this year to help make sure first responders and emergency personnel have the tools and resources they need to respond to incidents on the rails. And this training will take a similar approach, preparing our state’s brave first responders for potential derailments, enabling them to effectively keep North Dakota’s communities strong and safe. http://1.usa.gov/1BJ5YVU
Today I helped honor the City of Grand Forks for being named the 2014 Google eCity for North Dakota  to recognize its strong online business community. Grand Forks small businesses have reinforced that by harnessing the power of the Internet to build customers, grow businesses, and boost the local economy. I’m proud of all the hardworking folks who help strengthen the online business community in Grand Forks and truly represent some of the best of what North Dakota has to offer. And I greatly appreciate Google’s continued commitment to support North Dakota’s small businesses. http://1.usa.gov/1trPz3T
October is Head Start Awareness Month, and a great opportunity to talk about the positive impact Head Start has had for over 31 million kids nationwide. Investing in our kids is one of the most important things we can do, and I will continue to make sure we expand opportunities so more children can take advantage of the positive impacts of Head Start.
NA
In letting the Fourth Circuit's decision stand, the #SupremeCourt has given loving couples across the Commonwealth the freedom to marry. I join countless Virginians in celebrating the end of the discriminatory constitutional ban that has denied same-sex couples this fundamental right. Today, we have taken a major step toward Jefferson’s ideal that "all men are created equal."
On Monday, October 6, 2014 at the Marley Fire Station, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md) was joined by Anne Arundel County Executive Laura Neuman, Anne Arundel County Fire Chief Michael Cox and FEMA Assistant Administrator Brian Kamoie to announce almost $3 million in federal grants that will address equipment needs for first responders in Anne Arundel County. Senator Mikulski was also recognized as Legislator of the Year by the Congressional Fire Service Institute (CFSI).
Senator McCaskill travels to universities across Missouri to talk directly with students, educators, and law enforcement on ways to combat sexual violence on campus—and get feedback on her bipartisan legislation to protect and empower students, and strengthen accountability and transparency for institutions.
Claire launches her #claireoncampus tour today with a discussion on ways to prevent campus sexual violence with students, educators, and law enforcement at Harris Stowe University in St. Louis. She'll be at Southeast Missouri State University and Missouri S&T later today. #CASAct
Wow! How about those #Royals and that sweep? On to the #ALCS. #TakeTheCrown
Today is World Habitat Day, and I am proud to join individuals around the world in calling attention to the need for livable housing. As West Virginians, we understand the importance of helping our neighbors who are struggling. By working together, we can all do our part to offer those in need something more than four walls: we can provide them with the hope and the help they need to get back on their feet.  For the 1.6 billion people around the world who are living in homelessness or without decent housing, I encourage all citizens of the Mountain State to help raise awareness of this critical issue and support Habitat for Humanity: http://www.almostheavenhabitat.org/
I stopped by CNN State of the Union yesterday to discuss the latest on the international fight against ISIS. Watch here:  http://sotu.blogs.cnn.com/2014/10/05/destroy-isis-without-u-s-ground-troops/
“Everybody in the audience started clapping for us,” he said. “It is something I will never forget.” 
NA
“We cannot thank the men and women of New Hampshire’s law enforcement enough for their sacrifice and commitment to keeping our communities safe. They put their lives on the line every day for us and I’m honored to recognize their extraordinary service.”  -JS
The Supreme Court is right to let #MarriageEquality decisions stand. This is another big step for #MarriageMomentum.   #SCOTUS
I was honored to join former Senator Jeff Bingaman and the veterans in attendance at Friday's ribbon cutting for Santa Fe's new Veterans' Community Based Outpatient Center.  This new clinic is more than bricks and mortar--it's about keeping a solemn obligation to our veterans that when they come home, they get the health care and benefits they have earned. I will continue to fight for funding for veterans, because nothing I do in the Senate is more important. I'm also working on legislation for better care for rural veterans, to help with transportation and staffing, and to make sure every dollar goes as far as possible for VA community clinics.
BREAKING: Attorney General Mark Herring announces marriages can begin today after 1pm!  #VirginiaIsForLovers
An incredible day. #VirginiaIsForLovers #MarriageEquality
