Yesterday I joined Senators Gillibrand, Collins and other colleagues in announcing bipartisan, bicameral legislation to help ensure justice for military sexual assault survivors.
Do you agree with Tammy that student loan rates shouldn't double? Sign & Share our petition.
Dear Friends :  I’m proud to be a Marylander and I take every opportunity to show off the greatness of our state. Maryland’s been called “America in miniature” for good reason.  I think it’s our proud history, rich culture, and scenic vistas make this state truly unique. I invite you to help me showcase the beauty of Maryland.  Please send me your original photography or other visual works to Photos@cardin.senate.gov. One image will be selected as the featured background on my Facebook page. Runners-up will be featured on my homepage: cardin.senate.gov.    You may submit more than one image, but please send just one image per email submission. In addition to your photo, please include: 1. Your name 2. Where you live (Maryland County, City/Town) 3. The location of the photo (Include which region of the state Western, Baltimore/Central, National Capital Region, Southern, Eastern Shore) 4. Brief  description of submission (No more than 100 words) Submissions are due 5pm ET May 31. Winners will be announced on or about June 5. One image from each region will be selected as background on my homepage (cardin.senate.gov). From the top five regional submissions, one overall winner will be chosen to be my Facebook cover photo. Space permitting, all submissions will be displayed on my Facebook and Flickr.  I look forward to seeing great submissions.   Ben  PLEASE NOTE: Copyrighted material is not eligible.
NA
Joe just stopped by Noblesville to meet with emergency management officials as they conducted a meeting to better prepare local food pantries for future natural disasters.
While pumping gas near Terre Haute this morning, I found you never know who's driving the car next to you. -Joe
I met this week with British Prime Minister David Cameron to talk about national security and the US-UK partnership.
Check out my new easy-to-use website to see what I've been up to across Virginia, write me a message to share your opinions or let my office know how we can help. The new site includes a Tim's Travels section highlighting some of my stops across the Commonwealth, information on constituent services we provide and extensive Spanish language pages.
Great to see Rutgers’ new biorepository. It will advance life sciences and create jobs in New Jersey. Appreciated Drs. Barchi and Tischfield showing me around.
Curt from Thomas Hooker Brewery stopped by the Senate yesterday to talk about how his small biz helps CT’s economy. Happy Friday, everyone!
Great crowd honoring CT service members at the CNG Armed Forces Day luncheon in Southington
Visited Hamden High today to talk about looming hikes on student loan interest rates. Congress needs to act now to stop them
Claire's heard from many of you this week about political targeting by the IRS, and like you, she's outraged. She wanted to take a moment to respond to all of your comments.
Claire was honored to nominate Palmyra High School Senior Kevin Bross, who is headed to West Point in July. Please leave your congratulations and well wishes for Kevin in the comments section below. 
 
 Watch his story from WGEM News - The Tri-States' News Leader: http://www.wgem.com/story/22265509/2013/05/15/palmyra-high-school-senior-on-his-way-to-west-point
Today, Senator Manchin helped celebrate the opening of the new shooting range at Canaan Valley State Park.
Senator Manchin met with students from Teays Valley.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 34 - Monroe County   Fact: Named for our 5th President, James Monroe   Recommendation: Take a drive on U.S. 219 from Peterstown through Union to see some of the most beautiful farmlands
Flashback Friday: Then-Governor Jeanne Shaheen says hello to New Hampshire children outside the State House in Concord.
Scenes from my 13th Small Business Opportunity Workshop this morning in Bozeman.
We had a special guest at our Portuguese caucus meeting today, Ambassador of Portugal, Nuno Brito! Rhode Islanders of Portuguese descent have helped make our State a great one, through their leadership in government, business, and civic involvement, and I was glad to meet with the Ambassador on their behalf.
A Virginia Marine is looking for the man he saved in Vietnam, and you can help! Please share this great story from WSET. 
The government is making more money from student loans than every Fortune 500 made in profit last year. Share this image if you agree: Our government shouldn’t be making billions of dollars by drowning our students in debt.
