This week, Tammy stood with fellow Senators in unanimous support of a plan to change the way the military handles sexual assaults.  Read more, here:
“Working together, the Senate took needed action to slow down and limit the unconscionable rate increases for federal flood insurance, which would have been unaffordable for many homeowners and made it more difficult to sell homes on the market.  The legislation caps annual premium increases and grandfathers certain properties into their original flood risk zones and rates.  The legislation also improves the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) process for remapping of flood zones, requiring greater community input and affordability studies.  Congress must continue to work with FEMA to ensure both the affordability of flood insurance and the long-term solvency of the National Flood Insurance Program.”
Thanks to Voice of America  and Reuters for pausing their interviews so I could catch the final few seconds of the Maryland Terrapins ACC basketball. Rough day, looking forward to next season.
Please share: Any uninsured Delawareans looking to get covered should stop by one of six locations in New Castle County Saturday where you can get the assistance you need to find a plan that works for you.  
The Senate today did the right thing by moving forward with a bipartisan measure to extend unemployment insurance.  I originally pushed for a one-year extension, but this compromise will provide an essential lifeline to middle class families who rely on the program to stay afloat as they actively seek work.  With the program affecting over 105,000 Pennsylvanians currently looking for work, extending it will also provide an essential boost to our state economy.  I am hopeful that this bill will quickly pass the Senate and that Speaker Boehner will bring it to the floor so it can pass the House. #UI #Unemployment #RenewUI
"The bottom line is that our climate is changing. We know that. With this knowledge comes the responsibility to reduce our emissions, to mitigate the impacts, and prepare for and take action to deal with the coming changes."
Joe was pleased to meet with representatives from the Indiana chapter of the Paralyzed Veterans of America this afternoon to discuss care for disabled veterans.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. WorkOne is set to open a new office in Michigan City next week offering assistance with career development as well as computer and interview training.
Today I voted for a bipartisan proposal to strengthen investments in child development and ensure children and their families have access to the quality programs they need to succeed. By helping parents, we are helping children. Expanding access to quality, affordable child care is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the long-term education and well-being of New Mexico children.
As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I remain deeply committed to move forward with a vote to declassify and release the committee's study of the CIA's detention and interrogation program. This was a dark and regrettable chapter in our country's history and betrayed the American values of respecting and upholding the dignity and human rights of all people. We must provide the American people with a full accounting of what happened, so that they can come to terms with what has been done in their name. My interview on The Diane Rehm Show on NPR about this and more will air in New Mexico this morning at 11 a.m. on 89.1 KANW-FM.
Today I was honored to receive a blanket from the MHA tribe, presented by the son and close family of Alyce Spotted Bear. She was a dear friend, an dedicated advocate for Native families and an inspiration to everyone she interacted with - there was no one better to name my first bill to create a Commission on Native Children after. I know that because it carries her name, my Commission on Native Children cannot fail.
After months of bipartisan deliberations, the Senate today passed a bill that will provide critical relief to homeowners in Minot, Grafton, and other areas across North Dakota from unaffordable rate increases, while also making sure the flood insurance program is on a stable path forward. 
Nationally, 60% of Tribal roads are unpaved and 27% of bridges on Tribal lands are deficient. And all five North Dakota Tribes continue to tell me that they need help improving their roads and bridges. When the roads aren’t safe or families can’t drive on them, kids can’t get to school, mail can’t get delivered, families can’t get their groceries, and law enforcement can’t do their jobs.  And it means we see more accidents on the roads. This is unacceptable, and today at a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, I pushed federal agencies about the need to invest in transportation infrastructure in Indian Country.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=cae1d664-b36f-4ac1-8036-df086eaedc4d
Will be highlighting #NorthDakota’s unique tribal transportation issues this morning at Indian Affairs hearing. Watch here: 
WASHINGTON (Thursday, March 13, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on State Department and Foreign Operations, Thursday held a hearing with Secretary of State John Kerry to discuss the 2015 budget request from the State Department and the ongoing crisis in Ukraine.   VIDEO includes Leahy's questioning of Secretary Kerry on the crisis in Ukraine.
VERY happy to announce our flood insurance bill is headed to the President’s desk.  I must thank the American people, especially my fellow New Jerseyans, who wrote or called my office urging us to address this issue.  We would never be where we are today without your advocacy & determination!
Another clip from yesterday’s Sandy recovery hearing.  In this video, HUD Secretary Donovan explains how to expedite rebuilding.
ICYMI - Yesterday I held a hearing about Superstorm Sandy and how we can improve recovery efforts.  Below is a clip of me questioning HUD Secretary Donovan about fired Sandy contractor HGI.
Today’s bipartisan 97-1 vote by the Senate to refresh and reform the vitally important Child Care and Development Block Grant program is good news that will bring peace of mind to the thousands of Maryland families who rely upon this program for child care. I introduced this legislation to ensure that child care across America is available, affordable, reliable, safe and exceptional.   Updating this vitally important child care program will help support those who care for our children, give parents peace of mind that their children are safe and receiving quality care, and better prepare our children for the future. It will help keep working parents at work while ensuring children have a safe environment that provides them the skills they need to begin to develop their potential and be better prepared for school. 
We all say that our children are one of our most important resources – which means that child care is one of our most important decisions. Families will scrimp and save to make sure that they have adequate child care. If you’re a single parent working double shifts, you wonder if child care is safe and sound. If you’re a student working toward a degree, you want to make sure while you’re in school, your children are in a good pre-school or daycare program. These worries weigh heavily on the shoulders of parents everywhere.   The Child Care and Development Block Grant bill I introduced helps lift that burden – giving families and children the child care they need. This bill is the product of bipartisan effort. Child care is something all families worry about regardless of zip code or income. This bill ensures that all children have the care that they need and deserve. 
BREAKING: Senate reaches deal on unemployment benefits. Proud to join four other Democrats and five Republicans on this compromise to help support Oregonians in-between jobs and looking for work.
Thank you Governor John Kitzhaber for ensuring our hungry won't see cuts to their food stamps. I strongly opposed these cuts, and I am grateful the Governor took action.
A bipartisan flood insurance agreement has finally passed both chambers.  I’m pleased we could come together to relieve hardworking American homeowners from these drastic rate increases.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=3b5ffad5-ae52-431a-a365-34c74a8cfc8b
It was a privilege to receive the Publius Award alongside Senator Susan Collins last night.  I'm honored to work with my colleagues from across the aisle like Senator Collins who truly want to solve our nation’s greatest challenges rather than cast partisan stones to win the next election cycle.  To view CSPC’s YouTube video from the event, please click here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGgitp4yHwU
I've tried reasoning with the FDA, and I’ve repeatedly requested the agency change its course on the dangerous drug, Zohydro. But their refusal to budge forces me to introduce legislation. Because of this painkiller’s high potential for misuse and abuse, Zohydro poses a severely dangerous threat to our communities in West Virginia and across our country.   Unless this product is reformulated to prevent abuse, I strongly believe Zohydro will only fuel addiction and death in this nation.  It must be kept off the market for the well-being of our nation, especially our families and our youth.  Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=bb6fc091-58a1-4a2a-ba01-486968de1ac4
Congrats Adrienne Arnold of Charleston and Dominic Raymond of Morgantown on being selected to represent WV in the U.S. Senate Youth Program this year. I've always told young people, you can't sit on the sidelines and watch life happen, you have to get in the game and get informed to truly make a difference. Through their hard work in the classroom and in the community, these two have been able to make a difference, and they have proven their commitment to understanding our great democracy.
It's been 75 days too long, but we finally have a bipartisan breakthrough to restore emergency UI for 5 months to help job seekers and boost our economy.   There are many good people looking for work and I’m glad we’re finally able to reach bipartisan consensus on a way forward.   Here are some details of the compromise agreement to #RenewUI.
The Kochs Brothers’ self-described “radical” agenda? This is what we’re up against: http://www.reid.senate.gov/koch-facts
Raising kids is hard, but they're worth it. Passing #CCDBG isn't that hard & it's worth it #Care4kids #tbt
Senator Shaheen introduced two pieces of legislation today to bolster economic opportunities for our nation’s veterans and small businesses. The Veterans Hiring Act and the Veterans Entrepreneurship Act, will create simple, immediate tax incentives for businesses that hire veterans and lower costs for veterans looking to start or grow small businesses. More here: http://1.usa.gov/1knx5zy 
Great news for New Hampshire women! Hope the State House passes it quickly so Governor Hassan can sign this legislation into law.
Honored to serve as a Senate co-chair this year for the U.S. Senate Youth Program.  Young Americans – like Montana students Rachel Skaar of Helena and Sharidan Russell of Polson – represent the best of our nation, and it was a pleasure to meet them this week.
Today I introduced a major bill I've been working on to get innovation from our national labs to the marketplace so we can help businesses grow and create jobs in New Mexico. Our state has all the ingredients to become a high tech powerhouse, and my new bill will help make that a reality. The bill cuts bureaucratic red tape and helps us do more with the current resources we have - maximizing the impact of federal R&D investments. The finest scientists in the world are doing cutting-edge research at our labs - if we can harness that amazing research by connecting innovators and entrepreneurs, New Mexico could lead the nation in high-tech business and innovation.    That’s what the #ATTAINAct is all about – getting innovation from the lab bench to the marketplace. Watch this video and share it with others to learn more about how we'll create well-paying, high-tech jobs here in New Mexico:
Signed #America4Boston prayer canvas today to honor the first anniversary of the Boston bombing. Always cheering for #bostonstrong!
NA
I'd like to invite Virginia high school and middle school students, their parents, and guidance counselors to Academy Day 2014. Attendees will be provided a comprehensive overview of the United States service academies and their admission process.  In addition, students will be able to meet with officials from all five service academies as well as representatives from ROTC programs, Virginia Tech, and the Virginia Military Institute. For more info and to RSVP click here: http://1.usa.gov/Ooi7xZ
