I'll be returning to Washington for intelligence briefings on Syria this week. If you're interested in my current thoughts on the situation, watch this interview I did with The Denver Post today and let me know where you stand in the comments below.
Cardin Votes To Support Narrow Engagement In #Syria With Explicit Prohibition On The Use Of American Combat Troops  “I do not take this vote lightly but inaction would simply bolster those who wish to lash out and do harm to others”  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, voted today to approve a limited use of force for a limited period of time in Syria to deter the future use of chemical weapons. After days of briefings and hearings, Senator Cardin continues to believe that the recent use of #chemical weapons against Syrian civilians cannot go unchallenged; however he does not support sending U.S. #military forces for combat in Syria. The authorization approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee today will be considered by the full Senate next week.  “America does not want to go to war. Congress has no intention of authorizing a war, let alone another long and costly war in the Middle East. The evidence presented to our committee, which has been backed by numerous sources, makes it clear that President Assad has perpetrated grave crimes against humanity. Assad's blatant use of chemical weapons against the people of Syria flies in the face of the rules of war and, for the sake of America’s national #security and the stability of the region; we cannot turn a blind eye to this heinous act.  “The authorization our committee approved gives the President the authority he needs to take limited action in response to the Assad regime’s illegal use of chemical weapons. It also sends a strong signal to rogue actors around the globe—from Tehran to Pyongyang- that we will not tolerate their belligerence.  America’s allies and friends in the region- including Jordan, Israel and Turkey- must know that we are serious about protecting our shared national security interests. Inaction would simply bolster those who wish to lash out and do harm to us.  “I did not take this vote lightly. Any time #Congress is asked to authorize the lethal use of our military, it is a weighty and heart-wrenching decision. During our deliberations, I argued that we needed a tailored mission that deals with the chemical weapons threat and I pushed for language to specify that that Congress in no way intends to send American troops into Syria. The Senate resolution language is especially clear on this last point.  I also noted that our mission should be carried out in a way that protects civilians as best possible, and it must be for a limited duration.”
#ICYMI Here is Ben's appearance on the The Rachel Maddow Show from last night. Ben gave his stance on the situation in #Syria.
September is Emergency Preparedness Month, and I urge Delawareans to make sure they think ahead and prepare their families for an emergency event.  Go to www.ready.gov or www.preparede.org for more information.
Congratulations to the Pittsburgh Pirates for securing their first winning season in 20 years. Here's hoping for some October baseball at PNC Park!
Tonight marks the beginning of the New Year and High Holy Days for Jewish families in Pennsylvania and around the world.  Rosh Hashanah is a time to reflect on the past year and to be thankful for all of our blessings. It is also an opportunity to remember to have humility and compassion for those in need.    I am proud to represent Pennsylvania’s vibrant Jewish community, and I offer my best wishes to all who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah.  May we all strive to live out the values honored on this important occasion. I wish all those celebrating a happy and healthy New Year. L’shanah tovah.
Pennsylvania has quickly become a leader in natural gas production, which has had a substantial impact on jobs and economic growth. This legislation can help Pennsylvania take the next step in the development of alternative fuels. Putting in place more infrastructure and making it easier for businesses to transport their goods using alternative energy will help these businesses grow and create jobs. http://1.usa.gov/17EXBx4
NA
Today, Senator Donnelly introduced the “Just Ask Joe” video series, highlighting the many services available to Hoosiers from his office.
Today I voted for a limited authorization for the use of military force in Syria to respond to Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons to kill civilians, including more than 400 children. A failure to respond to such a blatant violation of longstanding international norms not only signals an acceptance of this atrocity, it also jeopardizes the lives of our servicemembers in combat both today and in the future. For years, countries have refrained from using chemical weapons on our servicemembers because of this international standard and for their safety, we must continue to defend this principle.   The resolution approved by the Committee today clearly states that there will be no U.S. combat troops inside Syria, and it is limited in scope.  I applaud the President’s decision to come to Congress for authorization, something that I have called for publicly since the debate over Syria began. Our nation is stronger in military matters when we act in a united fashion. Our servicemembers must be able to rely on the full support of their political leadership when asked to defend our nation. I now call on the full Senate to vote in favor of this authorization. The use of chemical weapons to kill innocent men, women, and children is intolerable and there must be a consequence.
NA
Stops in Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Roanoke, Bedford County, Danville and South Boston
A reliable & well maintained infrastructure lays the groundwork for our future and is vital to create jobs today & jobs tomorrow. I’ve fought hard for federal investments in long overdue improvements to Maryland’s highways, byways & transit systems. Maryland can count on me to keep fighting for our state’s fair share supporting jobs & communities.
My statement on my vote against authorization of military force in Syria: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqp0fHzA-yc
NA
If you live near Bethel, Connecticut and need help with a federal agency, visit with my staff today during mobile office hours from 10am-12pm at Hurgin Municipal Center. And if you live near New Fairfield, Connecticut, my staff will be at New Fairfield Library today from 1pm-3pm for office hrs. All are welcome to stop by.
NA
Senator Manchin celebrated Labor Day with West Virginia's hardworking miners and their families at the annual UMWA Labor Day Rally in Racine.
NA
"The Justice Department's announcement is great news for veterans in same-sex marriages. We are in the process of determining if additional legislation is still needed to provide full benefits for all of our veterans. I believe every individual that serves in uniform is entitled to the benefits they've earned and I will keep working on this issue until we are certain that is the case." - Senator Shaheen
Please visit the link below to read Senator Shaheen's statement on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee resolution authorizing limited military force in Syria:
Great news! Senator Shaheen and the New Hampshire delegation announced today that the New Hampshire Northcoast Railroad was awarded a $1.4 million grant to improve and repair 42 miles of rail between Rochester and Ossipee.  The track upgrades will improve rail safety, speed and reliability and will help New Hampshire businesses!    To read more click here: http://1.usa.gov/1ajfMhj
“I’m pleased to announce that TSA has decided to expand its PreCheck Program to three airports in Hawai‘i, allowing for more efficient interisland travel.  As an island state, Hawai‘i has unique travel needs. By making it easier for the 16,000 to 18,000 passengers who travel daily between the four major islands to commute, we are allowing room for economic growth and expansion. After communicating with Administrator Pistole on this issue, I am glad that TSA has chosen to expand this program in Hawai‘i, making it easier for visitors and commuters to fly.”
Today I voted no against the Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) against the government of Syria. While I am horrified by Bashar al-Assad's use of chemical weapons against his own people, I still believe this proposal is the wrong course of action for the U.S. and our military.  We know that what the administration is proposing won’t provide us assurance that Assad will not attack again or ensure his regime will not retaliate, and it may draw us further into the Syrian civil war. We should listen to New Mexicans, who are skeptical of more wars. To all those who called, wrote letters, sent emails, or posted Facebook comments and Tweets, thank you for speaking out. I have heard your message loud and clear about the stress this puts on our economy and our troops.  And as I said yesterday, I remain concerned that we have not sufficiently made our case internationally. Just as the president is stronger with congressional support, we are much stronger with international support. We should not enter into a conflict until we’ve exhausted every diplomatic and international option. We have not done that, and that's why I voted no. Click here to watch my full statement at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee today, then like this post and share it with others if you agree - we cannot afford another conflict that leaves the world less stable.
This afternoon, I'll cast my first vote in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on the authorization for the use of military force against the government of Syria to respond to use of chemical weapons. You can watch the business meeting live at the following website beginning at 2:00 p.m. ET/12:00 p.m. MT.
I thank Governor Chafee for his lifetime of public service to our state, and I look forward to continuing to work with him during the rest of his term in office. Sandra and I wish him and his family all the best for whatever the future may bring.
Shana Tovah to all those celebrating Rosh Hashanah across the Commonwealth! May you & your families have a sweet new year.
The federal government today successfully auctioned 113,000 acres off Virginia's coast for development of a wind farm.   Today’s auction represents an important milestone in the development of Virginia’s renewable energy industry. It not only helps make Virginia a leader in energy diversity and efficiency, it also provides an opportunity to create the jobs and the supply chain needed to support an offshore energy infrastructure. This project serves as a model for future offshore auctions and wind farm projects all over the U.S.     Associated Press Photo
