Today Sen. Feinstein, Rep. Lois Capps and I introduced the Pause for Safety Act to help families stop gun violence. We owe it to the victims of gun violence in Isla Vista and elsewhere to take action to prevent more tragedies. 
Try to wrap your head around this statistic: In 1974, 3 percent of retiring members of Congress became lobbyists. Now, almost 50 percent do. Let's face it, the outsized influence of lobbying is corroding our political system. It's time for aggressive reform. Senator Jon Tester and I have written a bill that bans members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. Sign this petition and add your support if you think it's time Washington cleaned up its act. 
Beautiful day in DC as Senator Christopher Murphy and I met with the entire eighth grade class from Francis Walsh Intermediate. Both Senator Murphy and I have alumni from this school working in our offices, so it was particularly exciting for us to meet this class.
Thumbs up for a crowd in Norwalk in 2003. #TBT #AttorneyGeneral
I was pleased to hear that Army Sgt. Bowe #Bergdahl was coming home after being held captive by the #Taliban for more than five years as a Prisoner of War. We have a solemn commitment to our Prisoners of War to make every effort to secure their freedom. Unfortunately, in this case, there has been a rush to judgment by individuals without all the facts. For this reason, I urge President Obama to move quickly to declassify as much material as possible to help all of us gain a better understanding of Sgt. Bergdahl’s capture and recent release, and the circumstances concerning the detainees who were transferred to #Qatar. I would encourage the public and my fellow lawmakers to wait for all the facts to come out before we begin to draw conclusions.
Last year 40 million Americans went to bed without health insurance. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act the uninsured rate dropped 22 percent so far this year and I’m confident we can continue to bring it down more.
I am confident Sylvia Mathews Burwell will do an exceptional job in building consensus as the new leader of the Department of Health and Human Services, and I look forward to continuing to work closely with her during this critical time: http://bit.ly/1i6AuA7
Washington Post Opinions: The smart and obvious way to fund federal transportation policy is to create a steady, long-term funding source to finance multi-year projects, one that relies on fees from users — such as a higher gas tax or a vehicle-miles tax. 
I am proud to represent my fellow Pennsylvanians and all Americans in honoring the 70th Anniversary of the D-Day invasion. Pennsylvanians contributed significantly to the World War II effort with nearly 1.2 million from the Commonwealth serving in June of 1945.  The anniversary of D-Day is a poignant reminder of the tremendous sacrifices our service members make.  It is our solemn duty to honor their valor.
"At the heart of this problem, at the heart of so many of the problems we have here, is our unwillingness to pay for what we want – to pay the bill that is long overdue – for our long overdue improvements to the infrastructure of this great country.”
The dream of a fair shot at an affordable college education has become a long shot for too many. I stood with Senator Elizabeth Warren and other Senate Democrats today urging Republicans to back the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act. This bill would help 1.7 million Illinoisans, currently with outstanding student loan debt, refinance their loans at lower federal interest rates. http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=deef14a7-2287-4a1d-a92f-99f1114e4e73
“We strongly support the ongoing efforts by the Department to investigate and respond to problems at VA facilities nationwide, as well as decisions to hold key leaders and individuals directly involved accountable for any negligence or wrongdoing.  However, we are troubled by new feedback and the latest news reports that have highlighted concerns about long wait times at VA facilities in Indiana. We have a responsibility to our Hoosier veterans and all Americans to be transparent about what has gone wrong.” –Senators Donnelly and Coats in a letter to VA Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson requesting a face-to-face meeting with VA leadership concerning wait times for Hoosier veterans seeking care.
Sylvia Mathews Burwell confirmed as Secretary of Health and Human Services. She’s a leader, a problem solver and just what we need. 
Today, marks the first time the Northern New Mexico Honor Flight brought World War II veterans to the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. It was an honor to welcome them to DC, listen to their stories, and pay tribute to the sacrifices they made for our country.
Talked about the impacts of the wet planting season on North Dakota farmers and how we can take preventive measures to protect producers in future years with U.S. Department of Agriculture Risk Management Association Administrator Willis.
Today I met with the Office of Personnel Management Director Katherine Archuleta to discuss pay equality issues facing federal workers in western North Dakota.
Today I announced the airport in Williston will receive nearly $1.8 million to make needed improvements. There’s no question that Williston’s airport has seen a serious uptick in traffic. That’s why I brought the FAA Administrator to North Dakota in April so he could see the aviation infrastructure challenges the airport faces and how crucial it is that the airport gets needed upgrades to keep up with travel demand.
Today I joined Senator John Thune from South Dakota to lead a bipartisan effort, as the new Farm Bill is implemented, to urge U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to take into account farmers who are prevented from planting crops due to adverse weather when implementing a new safety net program. Providing the most accurate picture of farm revenue is critical because the calculated threshold will determine which farms will receive assistance and at what levels under both individual and county Agricultural Risk Coverage programs. 
The President and First Lady will visit North Dakota’s Standing Rock Sioux Reservation next week. This visit is a milestone for Indian Country and I welcome them to our state. This trip will enable North Dakota to show off the rich culture, history, and traditions of our tribes, while also raising awareness about the challenges too many Native American families face, such as extreme poverty and abuse. I’ve been able to spend a great deal of time in Indian Country over the years and have seen both the community spirit as well as the problems facing our tribes. While I may not agree with the President on some issues, we both absolutely agree that giving Native families and children every chance to succeed is imperative.  I look forward to joining him on his visit to Standing Rock. 
NA
Today fought to pass my CJS funding bill through Committee which includes the highest ever funding for the Violence Against Women Act to protect women and families My bill also includes funds to take on student sexual assault and reduce the backlog of sexual assault kits for law enforcement.  I have zero tolerance for domestic violence. If you are beaten & abused, you need somewhere to turn for help & recovery. I will continue to fight against domestic abuse, dating violence & sexual abuse to help rebuild lives & families. #VAWA  
Great morning in the office during our #ctcoffee. Thanks to all who stopped by
"I'm going to reserve judgment until I can take a closer look at the report-which I expect to find comprehensive and thorough-and I'm looking forward to getting a full briefing from Mr. Valukas. I won't be letting GM leadership, or federal regulators, escape accountability for these tragedies. That's why I'll be holding a follow-up hearing later this summer to address unanswered questions. The families of those affected deserve no less." -Claire #GMRecall
These four students came all the way from West Salem High to Washington, D.C. to accept their first-place award at the Toshiba Innovation / National Science Teachers Association #ExploraVision competition. In addition to their brilliant science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) project, they had the ingenious idea of staging a “mock” graduation in my office since they were missing the one at home. I was honored to host their graduation here at the Capitol. They have enormously bright futures and will make great contributions in the world.
I am so pleased that the Senate voted today to confirm West Virginia native Sylvia Mathews Burwell as the next Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. We are all products of our environment, and I know that Sylvia’s West Virginia roots coupled with her professional experiences have helped mold her aptitude to work in a bipartisan way, combat tough problems, and get things done.   ICYMI: Yesterday I delivered remarks on the Senate floor in support of Sylvia Mathews Burwell:
I hope the students and teachers from Jamestown's Lawn Avenue School enjoy the rest of their visit to our nation's capital.
Senator Schumer today applauded Senators Bernie Sanders (D-VT) and John McCain (R-AZ) on their bipartisan proposal that puts our veterans first. 
Sad to hear of the passing of Don Zimmer. He broke into baseball as a Dodger, left it a legend.
Tomorrow is the 70th anniversary of D-Day, the Allied invasion of Normandy. Sharla and I will fly to France tonight to honor America’s Greatest Generation – including the nearly 4,000 Montana WWII veterans still living today –  who put everything on the line for the freedom of others. #TBT
Right now, the average federal student loan rate is nearly double the rate many people pay on their mortgage.  That’s not fair to students who work hard to get a good education and are forced to start their careers in debt.  I’m supporting the Federal Student Loan Refinancing Act to allow students to consolidate their loans and save money. http://1.usa.gov/1i32xjP
It was my honor to pay tribute to Chester Nez, the last of the original 29 Navajo Code Talkers of World War II, on the Senate floor today.
Visiting Northern New Mexico Veterans at the WWII Memorial
