Wednesday was one of the saddest, most troubling days in my 40+ year career in public service. The Senate turned its back on America, but the American people will not take no for an answer. How could 90% of America, a majority of NRA members & 55 Senators support these measures & they still fail to become law? It was demoralizing & discouraging but not defeating. The families are resolute & resilient. As they said, we're not even close to done.
For any damage claims from this week’s severe weather, register online with the Indiana Department of Homeland Security (IDHS) by clicking here. All information will be used to help local emergency officials and the IDHS preliminarily assess damage in your community and determine if federal assistance could be pursued. All Hoosiers are advised to stay tuned to local radio and television broadcasts for updated weather and safety information regarding any potential weather threats.
As a former flagger on my dad’s highway crew, I am proud to support National Work Zone Awareness Week.
My thoughts, and the thoughts of New Jerseyans, continue to be with Boston after this tragic week.
This week at a Senate Military Construction-Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee hearing, I insisted Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Shinseki expedite the claims process in Baltimore as staff there undergoes comprehensive training this month. Our veterans who have fought on the front lines shouldn't have to wait over a year in line for the benefits they have earned and deserve.
Working hard today in CT, but thoughts are w family, friends, colleagues in Boston. Let's get this guy.
Was in Enfield today to visit site for potential train stop on New Haven to Springfield line
Don't forget, today's the last day to email Claire at whistleblowers@mccaskill.senate.gov with your story about aggressive sales tactics in the medical equipment industry. Check back next Wednesday for updates on Claire’s hearing on this issue. 
Today I joined state and local leaders and officials from North Atlantic Distribution, Inc (NORAD) and the Quonset Development Corporation (QDC) to announce a major expansion of business at the Port of Davisville.  I am pleased Honda is joining Volkswagen, Audi, Subaru, Ford, and Porsche in bringing their auto import business to Quonset.  The federal investments we have made in Quonset's infrastructure are generating new business, jobs, and income for Rhode Island and local communities.
Hosting an informational seminar for all Rhode Island high school students interested in attending one of the United States Service Academies this Saturday, April 20 from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. at the Community College of Rhode Island.
"My thoughts and prayers are with the family of fallen MIT Police Officer Sean Collier and wounded officer Richard Donohue. We offer our heartfelt and enduring gratitude to our courageous law enforcement officers, today and always." - JS
The choir from Capital High School in Helena performed today in the Rotunda of the Russell Senate Office Building.
Rooting for the recovery of injured Boston transit officer Richard Donohue -- a Virginia Military Institute alum: http://bit.ly/13vra65
