Tammy has joined w/ colleagues Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota and Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana in a bipartisan effort to aid businesses in the Midwest and across the country that have been affected by unprecedented shipping backlogs. The Senators are pushing federal regulators to foster competition among railroads, forcing them to improve the quality of their service, and giving shippers greater options and better service. To learn more about Tammy’s leadership on this issue, read here:
Tammy is proud to support Martha Laning's campaign for Wisconsin State Senate! Great to see such an excellent turn out last night at the event for Martha at Emil Mazey labor hall in Sheboygan.
Many of you have contacted me via Facebook, Twitter, and over the phone, concerned about the evolving news surrounding Ebola in our country and worldwide.   I am tremendously relieved that we have no known cases of Ebola in Connecticut today, but yesterday’s scare in New Haven underscores the urgent need for continued vigilance both locally and nationwide. I appreciate Governor Malloy and Commissioner Mullen’s leadership in issuing guidance that is more stringent than standards issued thus far by the CDC. This guidance shows the importance of preemptive and precautionary action. We have no margin for error.    Now, I urge national health leaders to follow Connecticut's lead. We must take the most effective possible proactive steps. I am calling on the CDC to adopt Connecticut’s more stringent standards and protocols, particularly at points of entry to our country, to protect the public health. At airports and ports, there should be federal enforcement of quarantine requirements the state has put in place to ensure that men and women who may have been exposed to Ebola do not expose others to the virus. At this point, these guidelines are another step in setting minimum standards, but even tougher protocols may be necessary.  You can read my statement in full here. http://j.mp/1ugOsV6 Please read and share, and know that I will continue to monitor this situation as it evolves. -RB
With Stewart Ramsey, President of the NCC Farm Bureau, at its annual fall banquet on Monday night.
NA
During this time it’s important that we ensure that hospitals have the resources they need to treat patients and protect those that give lifesaving care to patients. Making adequate investments in public health has long been a bipartisan issue. In 2013 I successfully worked with Senator Burr of North Carolina to pass the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act. As members of Congress consider the upcoming budget I will be working with both Democrats and Republicans to sure our investments in public health and hospital preparedness.
It's National Mammography Day. By detecting cancer early, mammograms help save lives.
It's nice to see the Rio Grande running high and the cottonwoods turning.
Proud to present Los Alamos with the Google eCity Award at the Los Alamos Cooperative Market today. This award recognizes the entrepreneurial spirit New Mexico is known for and encourages business communities across our state to increase their online presence. Los Alamos has proven that its reach extends well beyond the store front. Congratulations!
You can't drive through San Antonio NM without stopping for a Buckhorn Burger
On the road in Doña Ana County
This week, Senator Angus King and I returned from a nine-day trip across the Middle East and South Asia that included stops in India, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Qatar. During our travel we met with top government officials, economic leaders and civil society members from across this critical region. You can learn more about our trip by clicking this link: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/kaine-concludes-trip-to-india-afghanistan-pakistan-and-qatar-
Thanks for an outstanding season #STLCardinals, you fought hard this year and with 19 National League pennants under your belt next year is bound to be a great one. It's up to the Royals now to make Missouri proud in the #WorldSeries! #cardinalnation #takethecrown
Water connects us all.  Ample access to clean, safe water is essential to our health.  And ensuring the health of Narragansett Bay is essential to both our environment and the economy.   That is why I worked so hard to launch the Southeast New England Coastal Watershed Restoration Program.  With the help of $2 million in federal funding I secured in the most recent Appropriations law, this new program will help lead a regional approach to restoring and protecting our water quality, watersheds, and coastline.   This week, I joined with EPA and state officials and representatives from the Narragansett Bay Estuary Program in Newport to celebrate new partnerships that are being formed between various stakeholders in both Rhode Island and Massachusetts to work together in the protection and restoration of our shared waters and resources.  This collaboration is critical because larger scale ecosystems like the Bay need a coordinated effort to achieve water quality goals.   Again, water connects us all and the water that runs through our streams, ponds, rivers, and the Bay is all connected.  Safeguarding it takes teamwork, commitment, and smart investments.  The Southeast New England Coastal Watershed Restoration Program may only be a drop in the bucket, but it is a good place to start and I will continue to do everything I can to preserve and protect our waters.
This morning in Hudson, Senator Shaheen took part in a ceremony and ribbon cutting celebrating the grand opening of Comcast’s new Hudson Care Center. The new state-of-the-art customer care center currently employs more than 120 people and expects to reach 200 employees by the end of the year, with plans to expand to 600 employees in the future.
"For working on multiple fronts to keep candidates and elections honest, we honor Sen. Jon Tester (D-MT) this month in our Public Service Spotlight."
