Senator Jeff Merkley and I called on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to finalize the overdue rules for crowdfunding, so start-ups and small businesses can raise capital from small dollars investors through online platforms. Read our letter here → http://www.bennet.senate.gov/?p=release&id=3205 #JOBSActNow
The Supreme Court has declined to review an Arizona law that would restrict availability of medication abortions.   While I’m pleased with the Supreme Court’s decision, this case only underscores the need for the Women’s Health Protection Act, which would prohibit states like Arizona from imposing unconstitutional restrictions on reproductive health care providers which interfere with women’s personal decision making, and block access to safe and legal abortion services: http://j.mp/1wAYYdE
#ICYMI; I sat down with Alex Witt yesterday to discuss the #Cromniubs
The U.S. Helsinki Commission has joined twitter. They're worth following for the latest on #humanrights and good governance in the OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe region.
Today is the last day to get covered if you need health insurance that starts January 1. If you need help signing up then there are marketplace guides, like Angela, who are there to help you. Just visit http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance to learn more.
Today is the last day to sign up for a plan in the health insurance marketplace if you want coverage starting Jan. 1, 2015. Thousands of Delawareans, like Ray here, have signed up and found affordable plans that work for them.
Sen. Paul Simon was ahead of his time on the importance of clean water and sanitation for the world’s poor. My bill, the Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act, would refine and establish key criteria to ensure our scarce foreign assistance dollars for water and sanitation are truly reaching the world’s most impoverished populations. #Water4World
Today is the last day to #GetCovered with quality health care coverage that begins on 1/1/2015. Locate your nearest open enrollment event here: https://getcoveredillinois.gov/
Good news for California: Final spending bill includes $5 million down payment for earthquake early-warning system.
I understand and appreciate that years of effort have gone into the proposal to buyout a gravel mining contract outside of Santa Clarita, California. However, the Soledad Canyon Settlement Act uses the sale of 10,000 acres of public land as a budget offset to pay for the buyout, which is of great concern to me. Within the context of efforts across the West to sell off our shared lands to the highest bidder, this provision sets a dangerous precedent. If land sales can be used as a budget offset, our public lands will become Congress' piggy bank. I am confident there is a reasonable path forward—one that eliminates the threat of gravel mining in this treasured area in California, without setting a dangerous precedent for future land-grab schemes.
I was glad to thank Jonathan Greenblatt for his service to our country as the head of the Office Social Innovation and Civic Participation at the White House. He has been engaging communities to find innovative ways to approach our most pressing challenges. I am especially impressed with the initiative he has taken to support AmeriCorps, which is an organization I hold near to my heart. I am confident he'll be doing great things in his new position at the Anti-Defamation League. #selfie
Julie took this great photo of Carter and Micah settling in for a long night in the Capitol. Late night sessions are made into easy work with great moral support like this!
Quality and affordable health care is within reach for New Mexicans now more than ever before. If you enrolled through the Health Care Marketplace last year, you will need to reenroll for next year by December 15 in order to avoid a gap in coverage. Start here:
If we want to build our workforce in the Oil Patch, we need to make sure folks can find a home to raise their families in – and the skyrocketing housing costs in North Dakota are making it difficult to do that. I’ve been working to make housing more affordable in North Dakota, and that’s why I brought the top federal official who oversees housing issues to North Dakota to see the challenges our state is facing. Since then, we have seen real results to help making housing more affordable, including the Federal Housing Administration raising its home loan limits to help low-to-middle income families, first-time home buyers, and seniors to afford to put a roof over their heads. Read more in this Dickinson Press article.
I want to wish my great friend Mark Warner a very happy 60th birthday. Mark has achieved tremendous success in life and it is inspiring to watch him use his success and unique skills to help others. I have learned a lot from him on how to be a better public servant and I wish him many more years of health and strength so that we can continue serving the Commonwealth of Virginia together.
I'm so pleased Congress has taken a hard-fought bipartisan action to establish a Harriet Tubman National Historical Park on Maryland's Eastern Shore is a fitting tribute to honor her lasting legacy in Maryland and to our nation that will inspire future generations of women and girls. Harriet Tubman was a courageous fighter and abolitionist who delivered scores of slaves to freedom on the Underground Railroad. She was tireless in her commitment to fight for those who could not fight for themselves. I look forward to this legislation being signed into law by President Obama.
Today I was proud to cast my vote to confirm Dr. Vivek Murthy as Surgeon General. After more than a year of gridlock we will now have a Surgeon General on the job who will help us face public health crises and work to address some of the country's biggest health problems.
Today is the last day to enroll in health insurance if you want your coverage to start on January 1st. Don't wait - visit www.healthcare.gov to compare plans and sign up.
Starting my morning on CNN's New Day. Will be on shortly after 7am to talk about the path forward for the anti-gun violence movement and what I'm doing to make a change. Tune in. http://www.cnn.com/2014/12/12/politics/sandy-hook-two-years-later-chris-murphy/index.html
Our Surgeon General serves as America’s leader on public health services and chooses what health policies we should prioritize. For that reason, I don’t believe it’s appropriate for America’s number one doctor to participate in political activism. It is essential that the Surgeon General gains the public’s trust, so this position must be separated from the political arena. After meeting with Dr. Murthy, I don’t question his medical qualifications; I just question whether the public will believe that he can separate his political beliefs from his public health views. I am wary that his past comments and political involvement will have an impact on his leadership capabilities and effectiveness. For these reasons, I am unable to vote for his confirmation as the United States’ next Surgeon General.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e99688b4-2605-4372-ba17-7134eccd4c30
It is a privilege to be assigned to the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation and the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee as we enter into a new Congress. The breadth of issues that these two committees oversee will help me better represent the people of the Mountain State and our West Virginia values.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ab2c95f1-b239-47d1-90b9-0514f94290cc
ICYMI: On Saturday, I submitted remarks on the Senate floor explaining my opposition to the $1.1 trillion government spending bill. There is too much waste, too much taxpayer risk, and too little transparency in the bill. I urged my colleagues to stay in session to draft a bipartisan omnibus package that fairly represents American values.  Read more:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f5c2fc81-01b6-4ced-b95c-ee5cde29f4f2
Thank you to all who raised your voices and urged the Senate to confirm Dr. Vivek Murthy. You made a big difference. We have a #TopDocNow
NA
The Bozeman Daily Chronicle today called the public lands compromise that the Montana delegation helped pass a ‘promising start’ to end the gridlock in Washington. I will keep working with all members of Montana’s Congressional delegation to advance the interests of our state and look forward to building on this accomplishment to pass more common-sense legislation. http://bit.ly/1Gpszez
It’s time to end the outdated and discriminatory ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Read the letter that Senator Tammy Baldwin, Senator Tom Harkin, Rep Mike Quigley, Rep Barbara Lee, and 75 of our Congressional colleagues sent to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell today.
