General Motors has failed to adequately warn customers about the real risk of driving recalled cars—help us tell GM we want these cars off the road.   Sign the petition today: http://blumenthal.senate.gov/gm
I had the privilege of touring Del Tech’s soon-to-be opened Sustainable Energy Training Center and expanded nursing wing in Stanton. Preparing our students through job-focused training in high-demand fields is exactly what we need to strengthen our economy for the long haul.
This morning I visited popdot Signs & Graphics in Wilmington, a terrific new company building a brighter future for Delawareans by offering real-world training and career opportunities to former foster youth. It's great seeing local businesses reinvest in our community.
The Administration should reject any attempt by the European Union to undercut one of our nation’s key industries. Diminishing these commonly used brand names could harm economic growth and impact a sector of Pennsylvania’s economy that supports nearly 100,000 jobs.
I’m concerned that this program could be implemented in a way that adversely impacts Pennsylvanians who are simply trying to exercise their right to vote. In 1993 Congress passed the National Voter Registration Act that requires states to give voters appropriate notice and due process before their name is purged from the voter rolls. It’s important that any process that removes someone from a voter registration list remain consistent with the protections in section 8 of the National Voter Registration Act. Pennsylvania’s participation in this program should be monitored closely. The state must engage in a transparent process that instills public confidence and doesn’t work to prevent Pennsylvanians from having their voices heard at the ballot box.
Check out the newest installment of “Just Ask Joe” about Sen. Joe Donnelly recovering military service records and medals. 
Joe was pleased to meet some Indy and Gary participants of YouthBuild and to hear their stories of success through the program.
Joe was pleased to meet and congratulate Frank Meyer, Indiana’s 2013 Assistant Secondary Principal of the Year. Frank is the Assistant Principal at Avon High School, where he previously taught English.
Share this #GoodNews: Beck’s Hybrids, a Hamilton County based plant seed company, has announced a $60 million expansion program that will add research labs, greenhouses, seed-processing facilities and offices at Beck’s headquarters complex in Atlanta, Indiana. The expansion will add an estimated 100 local jobs by 2017.
April is National Child Abuse Prevention Month. Numerous resources available to ensure a child’s safety and security. 
Fished the Rio Grande with Taos Fly Shop owner Nick Streit a couple weeks ago. Since the Rio Grande del Norte National Monument was created, he said he's had his best year of business yet! #MonumentsMatter #RGDN
As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I was proud to vote today to declassify the committee’s study of the CIA’s detention and interrogation program. America has paid a huge price for torturing detainees. Not only is torture morally wrong, it just doesn’t work. It’s a grave stain on our history costing us global credibility on the issue of human rights. I hope the release of this report will finally let us face what was done in the name of the American people, and allow for future generations to use these findings to learn from the mistakes made by the architects of this program. 
Check out these 5 reasons to support my new bipartisan bill that would help schools more easily serve healthy meals. Spoiler alert: There are GIFs with Beyonce and Adam Sandler 
It's always a privilege to visit Camp Dawson and meet with our West Virginia National Guardsmen and women. Their expertise, professionalism and dedication never cease to amaze me. The demonstration I saw today included some of the most advanced tools in our Special Forces toolkit, and this testing and training is being done right here in our great state. I'm proud of West Virginia’s continued contributions to our homeland security and national defense, and I thank our members of the West Virginia National Guard for their service to West Virginia and to our great country.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f1bef43c-3b70-4a1a-a92c-a54d17f960bb
Thanks to everyone in Mr. Bonitati’s 6th grade class at Gilbert Stuart Middle School for having me!  It was a great discussion.  I admire your focus on civic engagement and public service.
On Saturday, April 5, I am hosting a U.S. Military Service Academy Day for high school students from across the state.  The event will run from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon at the Community College of Rhode Island (CCRI) in Warwick.    This informational seminar is open to all high school students and their parents who are interested in learning about the requirements and procedures for seeking a Congressional nomination and obtaining an appointment to one of the United States Service Academies.
If you're looking for a reason to support raising the minimum wage, please watch this.
For quite some time, too many international travelers have experienced lengthy delays because of staffing issues at Customs at McCarran International Airport. During the recent appropriations process, I worked to secure funding for additional officers. These new officers will shorten the Custom process and allow tourists to use their time contributing to our local economy by spending money and enjoying our wonderful attractions – rather than waiting in line at the airport.
Exciting provision for commuters who use bike share programs was included in the bill passed out of the Senate Finance Committee this afternoon. Looking forward to helping it pass the full Senate.   
Great meeting with New Mexico Military Institute students in my office this week for their Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs tour. Very proud of their service and leadership for New Mexico and the nation.
I joined the Senate Appropriations Committee because it put me in position to fight for New Mexico's priorities. I was proud to defend important New Mexico programs last year when our national labs and other critical areas were slated for budget cuts, and as we begin the process of planning funding for 2015, I wanted to give you an update on my work so far on several issues that have a direct impact on New Mexico communities. Click here for more information about the work I'm doing:
Rhode Island seniors have earned the right to a secure retirement over a lifetime of hard work. They deserve our support. Today, I was glad to join a great group of Rhode Islanders to talk about protecting Medicare and all of the vital programs that benefit seniors from the irresponsible cuts included in the Ryan budget, which would end Medicare as we know it for future generations and undo the benefits of the Affordable Care Act.
Great news for Rhode Island fishermen: last night, the Senate ratified four treaties to protect American fishermen who are put at a disadvantage by illegal pirate fishing. Pirate fishing in foreign countries and on the high seas jeopardizes migratory fish stocks that our fishermen rely on. These treaties will give the U.S. new tools to stop this thievery and I was proud to join my colleagues on the Senate Oceans Caucus to support them.   http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/senate-approves-treaties-to-protect-american-fishermen
Very glad U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) listened to your concerns and will now add 40 additional customs officers at Dulles Airport. The exceptionally long lines and wait times are not the right way to greet tourists, workers and other travelers bringing their business to Virginia. 
