I joined Jose Diaz-Balart this morning to call on the House #GOP to have a heart in addressing the border crisis. 
NA
The Government of #Azerbaijan has arrested Ms. #Leyla Yunus, Director of the Institute for Peace and Democracy in Azerbaijan, and her husband, #Arif Yunus, and charged them with high treason, tax evasion and other economic crimes.    The charges filed against the #Yunus’s are outrageous. Both Leyla and Arif are long-time supporters of people-to-people contact with #Armenia, and the charge of espionage against them is absurd. We urge the Government of Azerbaijan to drop the charges and to stop the coordinated campaign aimed at the opposition, civil society and journalists in Azerbaijan who are peacefully exercising their right to freedom of speech and freedom of association.
Today I had the pleasure of introducing fellow Marylander Carolyn Watts Colvin today to my committee colleagues at her hearing to be the next Social Security Administrator. Colvin has been serving as Acting SSA Commissioner since February 2013.   Carolyn Colvin is dedicated to public service and committed to bettering the lives of others. As Acting Commissioner, she has brought the integrity needed to ensure that beneficiaries, applicants, and the SSA workforce are treated fairly, and that benefits are administered according to the law.  Colvin’s tenure at Social Security actually began in August 1963, when she was hired as a clerk stenographer at the agency. She held a series of clerical jobs while working her way through college at Morgan State, eventually earning bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Business Administration. She returned to SSA from 1994 until 2001 as Deputy Commissioner, first of Policy and External Affairs, then of Policy and Programs, and finally of Operations. The Maryland Delegation is quite proud of her service as Director of Field Operations for my predecessor, Senator Paul Sarbanes. She knows her way around the Social Security Administration and we know her well.
10:00AM Today:  Ben will introduce Carolyn Watts Colvin of #Maryland before The Senate Finance Committee.Colvin has been nominated to become the next Commissioner of The Social Security Administration for the term expiring January 19, 2019
The Highway Trust Fund is a lifeline for Maryland and other states for highway construction and maintenance resources. The Senate’s strong bipartisan vote in favor of an amendment to provide a five month funding extension for our surface transportation programs was the responsible thing to do. The bill, as amended, that passed the Senate will keep Maryland construction workers on the job during the summer construction season. importantly, it also should provide Congress sufficient time to pass a long-term reauthorization of our surface transportation programs and responsibly address the insolvency problem that currently faces the Highway Trust Fund.
I just introduced the COMPETE Act to simplify, expand and enhance the R&D tax credit. This bill would update our tax code and help encourage private investment in groundbreaking discoveries that will propel our economy forward.
Train derailments threaten the health and economic wellbeing of communities across Pennsylvania. New safety requirements by the Department Transportation are a step in the right direction but more must be done to protect vulnerable communities and our first responders. This is commonsense legislation that will aid first responders and communities. Congress should move on it soon.
On this day in 1964, NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s Ranger 7 transmitted the first close up look of the Moon’s surface, paving the way for the Apollo Program #TBT
NA
Congratulations to Steven Sanders, 9th through 12th grade band teacher at UIC College Prep, on his Fishman Prize for teaching excellence.
“Supporting natural gas-powered vehicles is a part of the all-in approach to American energy that we need. While the standards in this bill are currently in place in Indiana, we need to expand them across the country so more companies are encouraged to make the investment in natural gas-powered vehicles.” –Joe on the bipartisan legislation he introduced today with Senator Inhofe (R-OK) that would create a more level playing field for American companies transporting freight in natural gas-powered vehicles across the country.
#ICYMI: Eight-year-old Jacen Troxell raises over $13,000 for bulletproof vests for Indianapolis police officers. We can all make a difference in making Indianapolis and all of Indiana a safer place.  
“Revelations over the past several months have made it clear that there is a systemic, bureaucratic mess in the VA’s health care system. This mess will not be easy to clean up, but the audit gives us valuable information about the places and problems that need our most immediate attention.” –Joe after receiving information from the Veterans Administration at a briefing regarding each of the five Veterans Integrated Service Networks that oversee health care facilities in Indiana.
Today, Joe announced he’ll be launching “Donnelly Days,” an ongoing series of events where he will shadow Hoosiers in a variety of jobs and professions in communities across Indiana. First up: Elkhart and Peru on Monday, August 4. Joe said, “There’s no better way to understand the most pressing issues and challenges facing Hoosiers than to shadow them at their jobs, work alongside them, and walk a mile in their shoes. ‘Donnelly Days’ will provide me with a unique opportunity to roll up my sleeves and get a new perspective on the challenges Hoosiers experience every day and how we can help address them.”
Glad to see California health centers receive additional Affordable Care Act funds for mental health services. #ACAworks
The CIA inappropriately searched computers used by Senate Select Committee on Intelligence staff to prepare a report on the agency’s detention and interrogation program. This is inexcusable and offends the very notion of the separation of powers. As shocking as this is, our main focus must be releasing the committee’s study of the CIA's detention and interrogation program.  The American people deserve a full accounting of what happened, so that they can come to terms with what has been done in their name. 
Join my staff today from 2-5pm at Memorial Elementary School Library in Deming for a health care information event. From health care professionals answering questions and guiding residents through the enrollment process, to free health screenings, to bilingual assistance, this event will help the community get the facts about the Affordable Care Act and get covered. If you have questions, call my Las Cruces Office at (575) 523-6561.
At a Senate Banking hearing today, I stressed the need to make sure there is a holistic approach to improving students’ financial literacy – including working with programs and efforts on college campuses – to help address the growing amount of student loan debt. 
Preserving Native American languages are important not just for communication, but for the history and culture of tribes.  This week, my bill to protect Native languages by establishing a grant program to support Native language immersion instruction from pre-Kindergarten through college was passed unanimously in the Senate Indian Affairs Committee – the last step before being voted on by the full Senate. This is an important step to help set Native children on a path toward success, enabling them to preserve their culture and history for generations to come.
North Dakota will receive more than $190,000 in federal funds to help local communities improve emergency preparedness and support training programs to help first responders handle potential hazmat situations. Our emergency personnel need to have the resources and training to stay safe as they protect us, and these funds will help our state be ready for, mitigate, and respond to possible hazmat incidents. Safety should be everyone’s top priority – that’s what my RESPONSE Act aims to accomplish by giving first responders the resources and training they need, and I will continue to make sure we protect North Dakota’s communities and families. 
Bismarck’s Abused Adult Resource Center will receive nearly $620,000 in federal funds to support victims of sexual assault and domestic violence in rural North Dakota communities – including on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation. As a former North Dakota Attorney General, I know how critical it is to make sure we’re vigilant in improving the safety of everyone in our state and this program tackles that issue head-on. By staying persistent and working together, we can continue to provide the support victims need and combat sexual and domestic violence in North Dakota and across the country. 
The Export-Import Bank is one of the best tools we have to help move the economy forward. That's why I'm proud to join Mark Warner and a bipartisan group of our colleagues to introduce legislation to reauthorize the bank before it expires on September 30. Everyone in Virginia – from Governor McAuliffe, to the Virginia Chamber of Commerce, to the Virginia Manufacturers Association, is telling me, ‘whatever you do, find an agreement to authorize the continuation of this very important bank.’ I'm hopeful that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle - and in both houses - will join in this very important and completely logical mission.
FLASHBACK 03/11/14:  Senator Leahy's powerful remarks on the Senate Floor after Senator Feinstein's speech on the CIA spying on Senate Intelligence Committee computers. 
This morning I proudly introduced Anne Arundel County native and Morgan State graduate Carolyn Colvin to the Senate Finance Committee at a hearing on her nomination to serve as Commissioner of the Social Security Administration.   Social Security is a social contract between the American people and their government, providing a critical safety net that’s there when they need it. Carolyn is intellectually brilliant with enormous competency and is up to the job at the Social Security Administration.  
ICYMI: My op-ed on the cost of surveillance http://t.co/D4lbBPnbL4
I had the opportunity yesterday to testify at the EPA's public hearing on the proposed Clean Power Plan that would limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuel power plants.   To read my remarks, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d3111a74-65a2-4dc8-a97c-e6623436522d
Yesterday, I was pleased to introduce legislation to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. As a former West Virginia small business owner, I know that businesses are the engine for economic growth and long-term stability and prosperity, and it is truly beneficial for those businesses to reach broader markets and new customers The Ex-Im Bank creates jobs and helps U.S. businesses, big and small, sell their products overseas at no cost to the federal government. We cannot afford to let the Ex-Im Bank expire while many other countries – like China, India and Brazil – have expanded their credit assistance to exporters. In order to stay competitive abroad and boost our economy at home, our business exporters need certainty that they can receive the financial loan guarantees to invest and sell internationally. I also believe that if we are truly committed to protecting our global environment, the U.S. should lead the world in clean coal technology, which is why I am introducing an amendment that helps U.S. businesses export that technology to the rest of the world.  To read more about our legislation, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7c21e659-1b3d-401e-b1c2-e9b7cc7919e8
I continue to press for bipartisan action to #RenewUI.  3.5 Million+ American jobseekers still need these emergency unemployment benefits to be restored, and I will not stop working to try and help those in need.  The House Republican leadership’s failure to act on the bipartisan, Senate-passed bill to #RenewUI, and unwillingness to submit their own plan for consideration, is inexcusable.  I will continue advocating for common sense solutions to improve our economy, accelerate job growth, and give all Americans a fair shot at building a better future for themselves, their families, and our community.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih8ImaLN2q8&feature=youtu.be 
C-130s are big planes with a big mission, and they’re the right fit for Montana. That’s why I fought hard to get them here and why I’m fighting to modernize Montana’s entire C-130 fleet so they can keep working for decades to come. http://1.usa.gov/1u50liF
Joined a bipartisan group of seven colleagues yesterday to introduce legislation aimed at holding colleges more accountable to protect students from sexual assault on campus. We must send a clear signal that enough is enough.
In 2005, banking lobbyists successfully convinced Congress to remove bankruptcy protections for private student loan borrowers. Today in a Banking Committee hearing, I asked a top banking lobbyist: If struggling student loan borrowers can't discharge their loans in bankruptcy, and banks won’t let them modify their loans, what are they supposed to do? Watch what he said. http://youtu.be/haoKLe3rJxc
