Today is an exciting day: President Obama is officially sworn into his second term! Help Tammy congratulate him -- click the link below to sign the card!
Half a century ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led our nation toward fairness and equality for all. He provided moral clarity for America and proved that history moves in one direction- forward. Let's all take a moment today to remember his leadership and draw strength and inspiration from the path of progress he helped build for our nation. -TB
Celebrating the second Inauguration of President Obama today in Washington.
Today we remember the life and legacy of a man who changed America—Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day and happy Inauguration Day!
Senator Leahy attended the 57th Inauguration on January 21, 2013 and brough his camera along. Here are a few of his favorite photos.
Today is a historic day. 150 years to the month after Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation and just under 50 years after Martin Luther King, Jr. stood on those steps in Lincoln’s 'symbolic shadow', we are about to swear-in the first black President in our nation’s history to a second term.  Thousands of faces: men and women, young and old, Republicans and Democrats, of all religious and racial backgrounds will stand together as Americans to support our President. I look forward to working with President Obama in the years ahead to strengthen our nation's economy and freedom and democracy around the world, and to tackle the tough challenges we face, together.
Oregonians: are you in our nation's capital for inauguration festivities? Please join Senator Wyden and me for a coffee tomorrow morning at 9:00 AM at the Dirksen Senate Office Building, room 366. Hope to see you there!
At a time of great turbulence and fear in American society, Martin Luther King, Jr. offered a moral vision of what our nation could be. He didn’t just fight injustice, he sought redemption. And he did so with profound compassion and understanding. We too live in a turbulent age. And his words still guide us: “Darkness cannot drive out darkness. Only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate. Only love can do that.” On Dr. King's birthday, and on this Inauguration day, a celebration that reflects the spirit of our democracy, let us remember these words and work together for a more perfect union.
