Today Ben visited Holy Cross Hospital in Silver Spring today for a roundtable discussion with Montgomery County health care providers and health partners. Key to the discussion was the upcoming enrollment period for the Maryland Health Connection, one of the major provisions of the Affordable Care Act that begins in 2014.   “I am proud that Maryland's hospitals, healthcare providers and health systems have been on the leading edge of implementing the benefits and consumer-protections of the Affordable Care Act,” said Senator Cardin. “The Affordable Care Act is already providing stable and secure coverage for families in Montgomery County and across Maryland. The law is slowing the growth of healthcare costs to provide Americans with better value, better options, and better health. Obamacare is here to stay and we should be working together to build on the progress we’ve made through the law.”    Read More  http://alturl.com/sommw
Last November, I called for a more assertive US approach to the conflict in Syria because it is in line with our national security interests and our humanitarian values.  Taking action now will certainly be more difficult than it was last year, but if the administration does decide to act in collaboration with our allies in Europe and the Middle East, it should act decisively to avoid further extending the conflict.  As part of any military response, the US should redouble its efforts to support the moderate opposition with training and equipment.  The US should also increase humanitarian support for Syrians inside the country as well as refugees in surrounding countries.  Addressing the crisis in Syria at this stage will be extremely difficult, but every day that Assad remains in power helps Iran and Hezbollah and threatens stability across the region.  Iran and terrorist organizations, like Hezbollah, are plotting against the United States and its allies every day.  I commend the Administration for confronting this difficult but critical challenge.  Assad has slaughtered more than 100,000 people and stoked sectarianism throughout the region.  He has crossed more than a red line and the United States must act in the interest of our national and global security.
In West Lafayette, Senator Donnelly visited Zucrow Laboratories where he talked with student employees about the defense industry jobs of the future and toured one of its gas turbine combustion labs.  Zucrow Labs is testing biofuel engine performance and combustion in missile and airplane engines. #ServingWhoServed
Kicking off his “Serving Those Who Serve” Defense Jobs Tour, Senator Donnelly visited Fort Wayne’s ITT Exelis and learned about the company’s work to modernize front-line communications networks for soldiers on the battlefield. 
 #ServingWhoServed
The use of chemical weapons and indiscriminate killing of Syrian citizens by the Assad regime is despicable.  Secretary Kerry’s efforts to work with our allies and partners on an appropriate response is important. I was pleased to hear Secretary Kerry say that the Administration is consulting with Congress as response options – including potential military options – are being considered. Absent an imminent threat to United States national security, the U.S. should not be engaged in military action without Congressional approval.  And while it’s important that we continue to work closely with our allies to help Syria achieve a negotiated, inclusive political solution, those who employ such weapons and indiscriminate violence must be held accountable.
Welcome back students in Baltimore, Montgomery, Anne Arundel, Charles, Garrett & all across Maryland! Good luck for a great school year. Thanks to teachers & parents for all you do to prepare students today for jobs tomorrow.
NA
As employment rates continue to grow and the national deficit shrinks, Claire held a jobs roundtable discussion with local business owners and elected officials to gather feedback on opportunities and challenges for area employers, and discuss ideas for continuing to create economic opportunity and job growth.
Just a glimpse of the beautiful scenery!
Just a glimpse of the beautiful scenery!
Enjoying Dublin, Galway and elsewhere with my family.
In case you missed it: Last week, Senator Jeanne Shaheen attended the 22nd Annual North Country Moose Festival. Every year the festival draws hundreds of visitors to the North Country where festivities include a moose calling contest and a classic car show. The festival also showcases many of the North Country’s attractions and highlights local food and businesses.   Shaheen also toured the Pittsburg Border Station to view the new signage. Shaheen contacted United States Ambassador to Canada David Jacobson and U.S. Customs and Border Patrol at the request of North Country elected officials to have the crossing officially designated “Pittsburg Border Station”.
Over the weekend, Senator Schatz attended the MEDB Ke Alahele Education Fund Dinner and saw first-hand the work they do to advance science, technology and math education for our children.  Science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) programs are important investments for the future of  Hawai‘i and our country.  That is why earlier this year, Senator Schatz joined a bi-partisan group of Senators to request that STEM programs be fully funded in FY2014.  Making these investments will ensure our children will be better prepared for the jobs of tomorrow.
NA
