I joined Ed Schultz yesterday to discuss the situation in Iraq and why we should not listen to the same people who got us into this disastrous war in the first place.
It was a great and humbling honor to receive the Maj. Frank Tejada Leadership Award from the USMC last night. Major Tejada was decorated for valor with the Silver Star, the Bronze Star, and the Purple Heart. An incredibly hard-working and dedicated man, he earned two Masters degrees while serving in the Texas State Legislature and proudly served his country both in uniform and in the US House of Representatives. You can read more about him here: http://j.mp/1vxn1sV
The General Motors recalls are just the tip of the iceberg: GM’s deliberate concealment caused continuing death and damage, and it constituted a fraud on the bankruptcy court that approved its reorganization.   Today’s piece in Business Week is truly revealing—I’ll be monitoring this story closely: http://j.mp/1lz3lD5
It’s time for the #Iraqi people to take responsibility for the security and sustainability of their own country.  I voted against granting President #Bush the authority to invade #Iraq in 2003 and I strongly oppose additional forces on the ground today. Rather, the U.S. must act together with the international community to achieve our common goals of a stable Iraq and preventing the entrenchment of extremists in Iraq. Violent groups like #ISIL that seek to spread their extremist activity, are primary examples of why legislation such as the #Syrian War Crimes Act of 2014 is critical to U.S. national security and greater stability in the Middle East.
Yesterday I met with six-year-old Zuri Lancaster of #Bowie, Md., and three-year-old Joshua McCoy of Richmond, Va., both of whom suffer from severe food allergies and eosinophilic esophagitis (#EoE). Along with their parents, these brave toddlers shared their courageous stories of dealing with this rare disease that makes it impossible for them to eat most normal foods.  APFED - American Partnership for Eosinophilic Disorders
Yesterday I had the pleasure of meeting Emma Rider, Monica Prestowitz, and students from the Charter School of Wilmington. They were all winners of the annual Jefferson Award which encourages and honors individuals for their achievements and contributions through public and community service.
The Clean Air Act is a shining example of how we can protect our environment and grow our economy at the same time. http://1.usa.gov/UMut6A
Encouraging news from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "Overall for all four plans — bronze, silver, gold and platinum — 68 percent of enrollees had premiums of $100 or less after factoring in tax credits and 47 percent found plans with premiums of $50 a month or less, the report said."
Beautiful day to visit with National History Day students from Indiana at the Capitol this afternoon.
I joined Senator Booker and 9 other senators to introduce an amendment to help prevent truck driver fatigue and save lives. 
The president's decision to expand marine sanctuaries is an important step in preserving the health of our oceans. 
The U.S. Patent Office took a positive step today toward changing the Washington, D.C. football team's name. Racism and bigotry have no place in professional sports. Our tribal communities have always enhanced New Mexico’s rich culture and traditions. It’s past time for the NFL to change the team's name. 
Last Friday, the world witnessed the importance of Native language immersion programs as children from the Lakota Language Nest at Standing Rock sang for the President and First Lady in their Lakota language. During a time when 37% of Native children live in poverty and only half graduate from high school, language immersion programs have been shown to build pride in Native American cultures and languages, boost morale, and improve students’ academic performance and attendance. Today at a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, we discussed my bill that supports programs like the Lakota Language Nest and success and preserves Native languages that could otherwise disappear. http://1.usa.gov/1jzxmwT
North Dakota received more than $7 million in federal funds to help families who are finding it difficult to make ends meet by creating more affordable housing options or offering support for their mortgages or rent, so they can keep a roof over their heads. I’ll continue to look for ways to make sure individuals and families across North Dakota, including folks in Indian Country get the support they need, as affordable housing across North Dakota has become increasingly difficult to find. http://1.usa.gov/1yjU4mw
Watch this WDAZ story about a loving foster family in North Dakota, and how my bill will support foster families.
Senator Patrick Leahy Wednesday took part in a hearing on the annual defense budget, by the Appropriations Committee’s Subcommittee on Defense.  The witnesses were Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Martin E. Dempsey.  Leahy again congratulated U.S. troops and the skilled men and women of the Justice Department and the FBI for the capture of Ahmed Abu Khattala and again voiced his support for prosecuting Khattala in the U.S. court system. 
Today I joined Senator Blumenthal, Senator Durbin, and Senator Markey to introduce the Lori Jackson Domestic Survivor Protection Act, named after Lori Jackson, a Connecticut resident who was shot and killed by her husband after obtaining a temporary restraining order against him. The bill would prevent someone with a temporary restraining order from purchasing or possessing a gun, closing a dangerous loophole in federal legislation.  Lori's death is just one tragic example of what can happen when guns get into the wrong hands at the wrong time. Sadly, Lori’s story is not unique and will be repeated over and over unless Congress acts to prevent violent abusers from getting guns at the worst possible moment.
Congratulations to the talented students from Junior Achievement of Greater St. Louis, Inc., who made their way to Capitol Hill yesterday to showcase their entrepreneurial spirit at the National Junior Achievement Summit. The students were finalists in the Junior Achievement National Company of the Year program!
It was an honor to recognize Brianna Vance of Henlawson on the Senate floor today after learning that last week, ten-year-old Brianna helped save her father’s life by posting a video on Facebook seeking help. On June 10th, as a severe storm tore through the area, lightning struck a nearby tree that crashed down on the porch where her Dad and two friends were sitting. Without cell service, Brianna quickly thought to seek help online and posted a Facebook video pleading to send an ambulance to her yellow house. Someone saw her post and called 911. Before long, rescue crews arrived. I am so proud of Brianna, and I know her family and community are, as well. Her heroism helped save lives, and she should be recognized for her bravery.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2j4gyQdq5Q&feature=youtu.be
What has been taking place in Iraq is nothing less than a civil war. Do Republicans really believe that our service men and women should be inserted into the middle of an Iraqi civil war?? I don't.   Instead of addressing issues at home, we’re stuck listening to the very same neocons who pushed us into the Iraq war in the first place. They're trying to plunge our military into another foreign misadventure.   Based on my experience, to be on the wrong side of Dick Cheney is to be on the right side of history.
Great to meet with students from Laconia’s Holy Trinity School and Exeter High School who are in Washington, DC for the 2014 National History Day competition. You’ve all made New Hampshire proud!
A Constitutional Amendment I support to once again let people and their ideas – not the wealthy few and their money – decide our elections passed the Senate Judiciary Committee today.  I’ll keep fighting to make sure regular folks have a say when deciding the future of our country.
Today a Senate Judiciary subcommittee took the first step in a growing movement to reform our nation's broken campaign finance system. My constitutional amendment, S.J. Res 19, was approved  and will now head to the full Committee.    With more than 40 cosponsors in the Senate, backed by millions of your voices, we're making progress on getting money out of campaigns and ensuring our elections are of, by and for the people — not controlled by a few super-wealthy donors. Help spread the word by sharing this news today.
Today, this group of four Republican former Environmental Protection Agency heads brought a clear message to Congress: it’s time to act on climate change. During a hearing I chaired in a Senate subcommittee, they testified about their efforts to protect our environment, and their concern about the effects of climate change for our country and the world.  It’s an important message that we all need to hear. I just hope my Republican colleagues in the Senate will listen.
