James Brady was truly an incredible public servant. Whatever your personal politics, Jim deserves great respect for turning a life-changing tragedy into a public campaign to save lives. I was deeply saddened to hear of his passing. My thoughts and prayers are with Sarah and his entire family.  Before circumstances transformed Jim into a national advocate for sensible gun safety laws, his wit, tactical mind and commitment to duty earned him the admiration of his peers and the media.  After being shot, the duo of Jim and Sarah Brady proved to be one of the most passionate gun control advocates of their time.   Jim Brady’s life was more than just inspirational, it was impactful. He will be missed
Eight members of the Maryland Congressional delegation wrote to President Barack Obama recently urging the administration to reconsider a proposal to allow the use of seismic air guns to search for oil and gas in the Atlantic Ocean, especially off Maryland’s coast.  “ … The cost of the proposed action to Marylanders and the marine life off our coasts is far too great to risk for oil and gas exploration that will keep us tethered to the energy sources of the past,” the joint letter states. “Not only is the proposed action the first major step towards opening the Atlantic Ocean to offshore drilling, but the technology used for this exploration is incredibly harmful to marine mammals and fisheries.”  The letter was signed by U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, Chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife, Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, and Representatives Elijah Cummings (MD-7), C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger (MD-2), Chris Van Hollen (MD-8), John Sarbanes (MD-3), Donna F. Edwards (MD-4) and John K. Delaney (MD-6).  “Maryland is famous for its blue crabs and is a state that depends on the ocean,” the letter states. “[T]he gross domestic product (GDP) from Maryland’s living resources, which includes fishing, hatcheries, aquaculture, seafood processing and seafood markets, is valued at over $122 million and the GDP from ocean-based tourism and recreation in the state totals nearly $2.7 billion.  Additionally, there are a total of about 83,000 jobs in the fishing, tourism and recreation sectors in Maryland that are directly dependent on the resources threatened by seismic air guns, and countless others that are indirectly dependent on those resources.”
I am pleased that the Senate passed legislation to provide additional Special Immigrant Visas (SIVs) for Afghans who have worked for our government, many since 2001, as interpreters for our military, alongside our diplomats and with other U.S. entities in Afghanistan. These brave Afghans have put their lives, and the lives of their families, at risk due to their service.  Many have made the ultimate sacrifice.  The State Department informed Congress that they have exhausted the allotment of SIVs authorized last December, meaning that thousands of our Afghan allies would be left stranded and at the mercy of the Taliban as the U.S. withdrawal accelerates. The bill provides an additional 1,000 SIVs through fiscal year 2014 and is identical to the Senate bill authored by Senators Shaheen and McCain which I cosponsored.  We must take additional action later this year as the number of U.S.-affiliated Afghans waiting for SIVs far exceeds the number provided to date.  The United State must fulfill its promises to our Afghan Allies.
The U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit is happening this week in Washington. Senator Coons' op-ed on CNN.com today explains why the Summit is an important opportunity for U.S. businesses and African nations alike.
Getting to work at Dean Baldwin Painting in Peru, Indiana. #DonnellyDay
Stopped by WROI in Rochester to say hi to my friends Tom and Baron and talk about the latest issues in the U.S. Senate. -Joe
Working at Thor Industries in Elkhart this morning for one of my #DonnellyDay events alongside Hoosier workers. We are installing an awning on a motorcoach. -Joe
Jim Brady’s death is a loss for the country. He was a great public servant and a tireless advocate for gun safety laws. 
Expanding the ability for New Mexicans to earn medical degrees and go through their residencies in-state increases the likelihood of doctors returning home to serve their communities.  
North Dakota State University and the University of North Dakota will receive $20 million in federal funds over a five year period to strengthen the academic research community within our state. Providing research opportunities – particularly in science and math fields – is essential for our students to remain competitive when they enter the work force and are some of the most important investments we can make. 
Today I toured Mercy Hospital in Valley City to see firsthand how its telehealth initiatives have become an important tool to providing quality rural health care in North Dakota. Where folks live shouldn’t impact the access to and quality of health care they are able to receive. And by using telehealth services, senior citizens, veterans, and all North Dakotans from rural areas are able to receive the care they need, when they need it. http://1.usa.gov/1omwz3w
Today I announced my new bill to better connect our nation’s new veterans with the services, resources, and benefits that are available in their communities. Since traveling the state to meet with North Dakota veterans last summer and more recently hosting my Native American Veterans Summit in Bismarck, it’s clear that many veterans aren’t getting access to needed services and benefits. My bill is a needed step to help veterans transition back to civilian life by establishing a way for them to connect with job opportunities in their new communities, other veterans, and additional resources and benefits. It’s not just up to the VA to help veterans – all of us need to play a role, and my bill will better enable us to honor our collective responsibility to help those who have protected us. 
Today I met with members of the Maryland Council of Community College Presidents to discuss ensuring access to affordable higher education. I'm so proud to represent Maryland and the people of the educational mosaic that’s in our great state. Education is a critical rung on the opportunity ladder of this nation. As a former community college teacher, I know first-hand how important our community colleges are to the 500,000 Maryland students enrolled and getting a first-class education, preparing for jobs tomorrow. 
If I could write a headline for why we launched the #ACAworks campaign... http://t.co/pA669rvJ2y
Had a great meeting today with Rhode Island oyster farmers, restaurant owners, environmental officials and other shellfish enthusiasts for a discussion about the state’s growing aquaculture industry at Matunuck Oyster Bar.  Restaurants from all over are clamoring to get Rhode Island oysters on their menu, and we want local farmers to have every opportunity to grow their businesses and expand their customer base. This important, sustainable RI industry is good for the environment and good for our economy.  Special thanks to Perry Raso for allowing me to get in the water with him for an oyster farming tutorial from one of the best in the business!
More than $6.5 million in federal money is headed to southern Nevada to help tackle homelessness. 
Senator Shaheen visited River Valley Community College this morning to highlight how job training programs like the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and Career Training Grant Program (TAACCCT) can bolster economic opportunity for local businesses and help prepare students for high-skill careers in the future.
This morning I got a great tour of W.B. Mason Co. world headquarters in Brockton. I'm proud of W.B. Mason for deciding to keep their corporate office here long-term and to reinvest in the local community.
