All this week, we’re touring innovative, early-stage businesses that are driving innovation and creating the jobs of the future. At Van Dyne in Loveland, they’ve invented a supercharger that takes all that wasted energy that goes out the tailpipe and pumps it back into the engine increasing fuel efficiency and power. In fact, they think they can make big rigs that are 50% more efficient than the trucks that are on the road now.
After years of waiting, Jack (5 years old) has been given his certificate of naturalization. Back in February of 2011 USCIS told Kristine and Greg they would need to live with Jack for two years to derive his citizenship. Two years later, the family was told by USCIS that their application was incorrect. With help from Senator Blumenthal's office, USCIS realized their error and promised to approve the application as soon as possible, which they did one week after it was filed. That brings us to today’s happy occasion.  Congratulations to Jack and the whole family!
Those affected by the the Boston Marathon bombing are still in my thoughts and prayers. First responders, everyday citizens and the entire City of Boston met the worst the world could throw at them with their best. They were, and still are making us proud by being  #BostonStrong.
A Progressive Consumption Tax would take the headache out of #TaxDay for millions of Americans.   #PCT
As true today as it was then.    "The right of every American to first-class citizenship is the most important issue of our time." - Jackie Robinson   #JackieRobinsonDay
Yesterday I met with members of Maryland’s Ukrainian community for a roundtable discussion to share the latest information on the U.S. and international response to the crisis in Ukraine, including the continued hostility by Russia.  Ukraine is an incredibly important country and #Ukrainian Americans are rightly concerned for their family and friends about Russia’s actions in #Crimea and what #Russia might do next. The U.S. and the international community will ensure that Russia is held accountable for its blatant violations of international agreements and unlawful violation of #Crimea’s sovereign borders. The sanctions leveled against Russia are directed at Mr. Putin and his inner circle that are responsible for this ongoing aggression, not the people of Russia. We will ensure that Mr. Putin pays a heavy price for his inability to conform to international norms, and honor Russia’s agreements. The government in #Kyiv has the full support of United States and we will use all available diplomatic and economic tools to return stability to Ukraine.  Through our economic policies, particularly energy, we need to help Prime Minister Yatsenyuk and the new leadership in Kyiv succeed without being beholden to Russia. The message clearly received from Maryland’s Ukrainian American clergy, local Ukrainian leaders and advocacy organizations is one of worry for their family in Ukraine. They are united in a strong determination that the U.S. and international partners keep the pressure on Russia for what they have done in Crimea, and so additional regions are not put at greater risk.
Yesterday I had the pleasure of hosting members of the Fort George G. Meade, Md Alliance and other #MD businesses for a roundtable about the future of #cybersecurity in Maryland.   For Marylanders, cybersecurity means a growing base of high quality, high tech #jobs on the forefront of protecting both national security and civil rights. Maryland is the place to be for cybersecurity and the federal government should be a valuable partner that brings predictability to the marketplace. Developing a workforce that is proficient in #STEM and cyber skills is good for our regional economy and our national security. We need strong public-private partnerships to match skills training with the high-tech cyber jobs available today and long into the future. And we must maintain and modernize our public transportation infrastructure to attract the most qualified businesses and workers to our communities
I’m encouraged by a report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office which found that not only are 26 million more people estimated to have health care coverage through ACA by 2017, but that it will cost more than $100 billion less than previously projected. 
I want to salute Jackie Robinson on the anniversary of breaking baseball’s color barrier for displaying tremendous courage and making our national pastime even better.
As I reflect on the senseless act of violence that took place at the 2013 Boston Marathon, I am reminded of the bravery displayed by the runners, spectators, and first responders who made a difference that day. My heart goes out to the victims and their families, and while some may never recover, I hope that the strong support of their community has helped them keep their faith in the face of such adversity.  Today, we honor the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing by continuing to live our lives and proving that these cowardly acts do not deter the American spirit. http://1.usa.gov/1ilMKPS
This piece of legislation will allow families to help their children have a better future. The ABLE Act now has support from a strong majority in both parties, in both the House and Senate, because it is a commonsense approach to help families save and pay for their loved ones’ long term care. Passing the ABLE Act will help give these families much needed peace of mind.
NA
Every time I visit Scott Air Force Base I come away impressed. From the people who work there, the critical missions they carry out and the strong community support, it is clear Scott is one of our most important defense installations. As Chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I have the honor of showing the base’s great work to the Department of Defense. Last month, Air Force Chief of Staff Mark Welsh visited Scott and today I was there for a tour with the Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James. I hope both were able to see for themselves why I am always so eager to praise Scott.
Over the past few years there has been an explosion in the marketing of products called e-cigarettes which deliver a dose of the highly addictive substance, nicotine, just like traditional cigarettes.  But unlike traditional cigarettes, e-cigarettes - which come in candy and fruit flavors that appeal to children and young adults - are not subject to any federal restrictions.  They can be sold to kids and even be given as free samples. E-cigarette advertisements feature celebrities that show smoking as glamorous and even rebellious.   The following report, which I released yesterday along with ten of my colleagues, shows these tactics are straight out of Big Tobacco’s old playbook. Worse, recent reports – including one released by the CDC last year – are raising concerns that these devices may serve as a gateway to traditional cigarettes and the dangers that come with smoking. It’s time for the FDA to implement commonsense policies that prevent the marketing of e-cigarettes to kids before it’s too late.  http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve/?File_id=81d14ff7-f2f6-4856-af9d-c20c0b138f8f
#GoodNews for veterans: For the first time in U.S. history, all veterans are eligible for dental coverage from the VA. If you have questions or need help signing up, please give Joe’s office a call at (317) 226-5555. 
Joe sporting a purple tie for “Purple Up for Military Kids” Day. Thanks Indiana Operation: Military Kids and Military Family Research Institute at Purdue University for all you’re doing to support military kids and their families.
Congratulations to Titan Aerospace for its new partnership with Google! I was out at Titan in Moriarty last year. This is a company truly leading in innovation.
Kicking off New Mexico First's town hall meeting on water planning, development and use this morning. These conversations are critical as they allow us to hear the diverse voices from communities across our state about how we tackle our current water issues. Stream it live here: http://nmfirst.org/_blog/Legislative_Updates/post/live-stream/ 
On the one-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon explosions, I’m sharing this image from last year: “NEW JERSEY SUPPORTS BOSTON.”  As we remember the awful day, let’s always remember that in times of tragedy & happiness, we are the UNITED States & must always support one another.
Check out all the federal, state, and community agencies that will be at my Government Helps Expo, TOMORROW from 10am-1pm at the MG Maurice Rose Center in Middletown. Stop by if you need their, or my, help with any issues you're facing.  FEDERAL: Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) CT Passport Agency Department of Labor Employee Benefits Security Administration Department of Veterans Affairs – Hartford Regional Office Fannie Mae Hartford Vet Center HUD IRS Taxpayer Advocate Office Sallie Mae SBA Social Security Administration US Army Corps of Engineers US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) VA Connecticut Health Care System    STATE: Attorney General Board of Paroles and Pardons Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities (CHRO) CT Department of Housing CT Housing Finance Authority (CHFA) CT Department of Aging DMHAS DDS DECD DMV DSS Department of Veterans Affairs Military Department Office of Higher Education Office of Protection & Advocacy for Persons with Disabilities Office of the Child Advocate Office of the Health Care Advocate Office of the Victim Advocate Secretary of the State CT Department of Insurance – Consumer Affairs Division   COMMUNITY: 2-1-1 Infoline AARP American Legion Community Health Center: New Horizons Program CRT CT Fair Housing Center CT Food Bank FoodShare CT Veterans Legal Center HEDCO, Inc. International Institute of CT Senior Resources Agency on Aging Statewide Legal Services of CT VFW
"She’s starting with the issue of campus sexual assault the same way she did with the military, she said, “with a great deal of research.” Last week McCaskill met with representatives of the departments of Justice and Education...  'It’s time everyone does a gut-check and realizes hiding these statistics not going to make this problem any better,' she said. If we don’t know how big this problem is, we can never hope to solve it.'" Read the full-article below. 
The Register-Herald's Spring Job Fair is a great opportunity for West Virginia job-seekers to meet employers. I encourage those in the Beckley area who are currently seeking employment to head to Tamarack tomorrow for this wonderful event.   http://www.register-herald.com/latestnews/x1535565823/Spring-Job-Fair-slated-Wednesday-at-Tamarack
The bottom line is that in order to get things done, we need work together as Americans, not as Democrats and Republicans. 
NA
"I'll never forget the shocking violence that struck Boston a year ago, but I'll also never forget what we saw in the aftermath - the courage of our first responders and the resiliency of a city struck by tragedy. We can never thank enough all those who helped Boston recover from the horrors of that day – the first responders, both law enforcement and medical, and the countless number of volunteers who banded together to help a community during one of its most vulnerable times. All of these men and women, along with the victims, their families, and their loved ones, are in my thoughts today." –JS #BostonStrong
Spring flooding is causing us trouble - let's get Montana the help it needs. 
New Englanders will never forget the tragic events of one year ago – the senseless violence that shattered an otherwise beautiful day, but also the resilience and compassion demonstrated in the aftermath by first responders and citizens alike. On that day, and the days that followed, Boston showed the world what Americans are made of. And today we all remain #BostonStrong.
