ICYMI: Tammy joined with fellow Democratic women senators in support of President Obama’s call for an increase in the minimum wage. Nearly two thirds of all minimum wage earners are women. It’s time for a raise - no one working a full-time job should have to live in poverty.    Read more:
At Madison Area Technical College in Fort Atkinson and Madison, Tammy touted her plan aimed at job training and workforce readiness for high-skilled jobs in clean energy.  Read more here:
Kudos to CVS on adhering to its core mission by putting good health first. #CVSQuits and public health wins. By not selling tobacco products they are setting a strong example in the health care industry as to what leadership means.
#ICYMI  Yesterday Ben chaired an Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife hearing to examine the circumstances that contributed to the chemical spill and water contamination in Central #WestVirginia. The hearing included testimony that reviewed what measures might be necessary to ensure that drinking #water sources throughout the country are safe and protected from hazards.  Federal law requires the states to conduct risk assessments within the watersheds or boundaries of known drinking water sources. Federal law does not, however, require these surveys to be updated or provide any guidance on how this information is to be used. What we have is a patchwork of state data with varying degrees of reliability. This creates uncertainty of risks for water providers. Our laws are just not strong enough to deal with these situations. Updates to our national laws are needed for greater public safety.     I want to believe that most companies that produce, store, ship and sell potentially hazardous chemicals are responsible actors. The responsibility to provide safe drinking water to thousands of customers is enormous and highly complex. We can’t expect every water provider to test and treat their water for every known chemical. But it is situations like this that clearly demonstrate that even if most actors are good, one bad actor can put at risk the health and safety of hundreds of thousands of people and that there is a very appropriate and essential role for government to play to protect those people from the potential negligence of others.    Watch the hearing at the link below. 
I am thrilled with the news today that CVS Caremark has chosen to stand alongside all of us working to make a healthier Delaware and America with the decision to cease tobacco sales in its stores.    
I am proud to welcome SolarCity to Delaware.  I have worked hard to help make our state a leader in clean air and energy, and it’s great to add a private enterprise that is also working toward that goal. 
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Automotive supplier Autoneum is opening a new plant in Jeffersonville, bringing an estimated 220 jobs by 2018.
We deserve to know the condition of the rail tracks that run through our communities, and it’s crucial that those tracks are continually checked so our towns and families aren’t at risk. After I met with the Federal Railroad Administration this week, its Administrator committed to look closely at the track quality around Casselton – which I called on the FRA to do in January. This action will go a long way to helping prevent future derailments. There is no silver bullet to make our rail transportation system safer, but I’m taking a multi-faceted approach, including working with federal, state, and local officials, as well as industry, to understand what happened near Casselton, and make sure we do everything we can to prevent it happening again. 
The early severe storm last October hurt North Dakota's and South Dakota's ranchers by devastating many of their cattle herds. Those ranchers have had to wait far too long for disaster assistance. Now that we passed a Farm Bill, Senator Thune (R-SD) and I are pushing the U.S. Agriculture Secretary to quickly implement this disaster relief for our ranchers. 
Passing a long-term, comprehensive Farm Bill that stands up for North Dakota's farmers and ranchers has been my top priority since day one in the Senate. Yesterday, we finally passed a bipartisan, comprehensive five-year bill. I'm proud of what we accomplished, but know that there is a lot of work to do to make sure North Dakotans benefit from the programs the Farm Bill has to offer. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpfGGdBbV9g
Glenn Pomeroy stopped by my office yesterday. It is always great to see and chat with old friends.
When my State of the Union guest, Eric Marts, was in Washington, D.C. last week, he was busy going on tours, doing interviews for his radio show, and meeting with lawmakers. Check out all of the exciting things Eric and his dog, Deacon, did. 
As Senator, one of my goals is to be as accessible as possible to all Virginians. That's why we hold "Kaine Connects" office hours across the Commonwealth so you can meet with members of my staff, ask questions and get assistance in your hometown. Take a look at our upcoming Kaine Connects and where we've been so far. The next Kaine Connects office hours will be in Mt. Jackson and Grottoes tomorrow with my Regional Director, Gwen Mason. I encourage you to make an appointment, but you're always welcome to stop by. 
Leahy Signs The 2014 Farm Bill, Toasts To Vermont Dairy Farmers
WASHINGTON - Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday signed the 2014 #FarmBill in his role as President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate. The House passed the Farm Bill Agreement last week, and the bill now goes to the President's desk.
I'm honored to accept the Presidents Award for leadership on higher education by the Maryland Independent Colleges & Universities Association. I'm proud to represent Maryland and people of the educational mosaic that’s in our great state & help them do what they’re best at - educating our next generation. I’ll keep fighting so every child gets their chance at America’s opportunity ladder through quality, affordable higher education.
Maryland’s number one industry is agriculture. Passing a Farm Bill is about jobs today and jobs tomorrow. It also means smart reforms to support Maryland’s agricultural economy. Together with our farmers and small businesses, those who work on Maryland’s farms and in our federal labs, universities and research facilities are supporting our economic future and keeping our nation healthy. I am so proud these federal dollars will create certainty for Maryland’s farmers and a safe, reliable food supply for our families.   This legislation also supports critical nutrition assistance to ensure our most vulnerable will not have to go to bed hungry. I believe that in America, no family should have to choose between putting a roof over their head or food on their table.
There is something very wrong when JP Morgan can write off debt relief for homeowners in their taxes, but those same homeowners are stuck with a big tax bill for receiving that relief.
ICYMI: Read my Politico op-ed on ways to fix our country's finances and address the issue of income inequality: http://politi.co/1iq1dsk
Yesterday our staff met with Herndon Consolidated Principal Virginia Lusk and Wyoming County Commission President Jason Mullins to discuss water problems in the Bud and Alpoca areas near Mullens.
I commend CVS Caremark for voluntarily taking tobacco products off their shelves.  CVS is a trusted brand that focuses on health and wellness and they reached this decision on their own because they understand that tobacco use and public health don’t mix.  Our nation has come a long way in reducing smoking, but it is still a major public health problem and an economic problem that costs Americans billions of dollars each year in health care costs.  Throughout my time in Congress, I have worked on initiatives to educate young people about the dangers of smoking, supported measures to ban smoking in schools, and worked to enhance the FDA’s ability to regulate the sale and distribution of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco.  These are important laws, but we also need partners in the business community, like CVS, to help us reduce tobacco use and improve public health.  I hope others are encouraged by CVS' leadership to take similar steps.
I commend CVS for their valiant decision to stop the sale of cigarettes and tobacco products in their stores. With thousands of kids trying smoking for the first time every day and nearly half a million Americans dying every year as a result of their smoking or someone else’s, taking these products off the store shelves will save lives.    http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-05-02-reid-statement-on-cvs-decision-to-stop-sale-of-tobacco-products
Can’t wait to cheer on the US Olympic Team, especially all the New Yorkers! #TEAMUSA
Congratulations and good luck to all the New Hampshire athletes that will be competing in the 2014 Sochi Olympics! You all make New Hampshire proud. Read my Congressional Record statement honoring Granite State Olympians here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=a24212eb-f47d-4290-bae8-c7c644e487ad 
Thank you to the nearly 4,000 Granite Staters who participated in my first telephone town hall of 2014 last night! It was great to hear from so many of you, and I am looking forward to doing it again. Additional details coming soon.
Passing the farm bill yesterday was a long overdue step for New Mexico's farmers and ranchers, but we must keep working to keep our agriculture economy strong. Farm operators continue to be devastated by consecutive years of drought. I am glad the USDA is recognizing the need for federal disaster assistance across New Mexico counties. Today, USDA updated its information about which N.M. counties continue to qualify for drought-related disaster assistance from the Farm Service Agency, like emergency loans, which help producers cover losses and stay in business. Visit http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA for more information. A list of local offices by county in New Mexico is included below.
Glad to hear that RI small business Quick Fitting, Inc. is expanding and touting its Rhode Island pride!  Here's what their Executive Vice President and CEO, Jeff Kosky, had to say: "In response to Quick Fitting’s explosive growth and elevated demand forecast, we are expanding our U.S. manufacturing operations. Quick Fitting’s products and patents were developed here in the Ocean State; we are proud and delighted to call Rhode Island our home. Together with our state and local partners; BankRI, Senator Jack Reed, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Governor Lincoln Chafee, Warwick Mayor Scott Avedesian and Marcel Valois and his team at Commerce RI; our goal in making Rhode Island the Epicenter for Push-to-Connect technology has been accomplished."
