I am so pleased to announce that the William J. Clinton Presidential Center and the George W. Bush Presidential Center will receive the first Climate Hero Award.  Both of these libraries have demonstrated outstanding leadership and innovation by incorporating energy efficiency, renewable energy technologies, and sustainable design. http://1.usa.gov/1eVfZt0
FEMA has added Clear Creek, El Paso, and Jefferson Counties to the list of counties eligible for disaster assistance. If you live in Adams, Boulder, Clear Creek, El Paso, Jefferson, Larimer or Weld Counties, please register w/ FEMA for disaster assistance at www.disasterassistance.gov or call 1-800-621-FEMA. Please share this information.
I join the Department of State and the much of the international community in condemning #Sudanese President al-#Bashir’s request for a United States visa to attend the opening of the #UN General Assembly in #NewYork. President #al-Bashir has been indicted by the International Criminal Court for #genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity and must answer to these accusations.  He has proven once again that he has no respect for the international community and the norms that we hold dear. President al-Bashir needs to go to The #Hague, not the United Nations.”
Congratulations to Jill Szymanski, 4th and 5th grade teacher at Brandywine Springs Elementary School in Wilmington, on being named Delaware’s first National Teacher of the Year! Her dedication and passion for educating are incredible, and I know she’ll continue to do great work for our young learners in the Wilmington community. http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=c6edb082-0903-460a-88e1-d955836a3f70
NA
Today is “Drive 4 Pledges Day.” I urge everyone to stay safe on the road and choose not to text and drive.  It can wait.  -Joe
This morning, Senator Joe Donnelly met with Indiana's Chamber to discuss how using the best ideas can improve our nation's economy and solve problems for Hoosier families back home.
PHOTOS: Senator Joe Donnelly toured the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, MD.
I had the privilege of meeting a very impressive Californian—Yossymar Rojas, this year’s Boys and Girls Clubs of America’s Pacific Youth of the Year. Not only was Yossy the first in his family to graduate high school, he was class valedictorian.
It's extremely disappointing the House is willing to jeopardize passage of a Farm Bill in order to get rid of nutrition assistance for those who need it most.
A good education is crucial to putting our kids and country on the road to success. Today, I was able to congratulate Ned Clooten from Wahpeton and Kevin Hoherz from Beulah on being North Dakota's Principals of the Year. Grateful for their hard work for North Dakota's kids. The work done by our educators is invaluable and we should thank them every day.
I enjoyed answering North Dakotan's questions about Syria at my Twitter town hall on Tuesday. Thank you to all who participated. Check out the summary of the major topics discussed and some of the great questions that were asked.
I'm deeply disappointed by the House GOP's vote to slash crucial nutrition assistance for children, families & seniors who need it most. I believe in America no one should have to choose between paying rent & putting food on the table.
Over 8,200 people killed since 12/14. Many of their families are here this week to call for action. We're all wondering it will take until there are no more names.
http://dailycaller.com/2013/09/18/manchin-to-oppose-obamas-energy-nominee/
In the richest country in the world, 1 in 6 people are in danger of going to bed hungry tonight. And half of those people are children. Meanwhile, the House GOP is considering a bill that cut $40 billion from the food stamp program. The Senate has passed a bipartisan bill that won't force needy children to skip meals, but the House Republican leadership refuses to consider any bill that can garner votes from both parties.
Today Senator Shaheen met and congratulated New Hampshire’s Secondary and Middle School Principals of the Year Tom Murphy and Kevin Richard. “Tom and Kevin are two incredible educators and it’s great to see their achievements recognized,” said Shaheen. “As a former teacher I know firsthand the importance of quality leadership in our schools. Principals like Tom and Kevin are having an enormous impact on the lives of their students and teachers. I commend them for all of their hard work, their accomplishments, and their commitment to education.” Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1gEpQiu
Reminder to students and parents! Applications for U.S. Service Academy nominations are due October 4th.  The nation’s service academies offer citizens a free education in exchange for service in the Armed Forces, click here for more information: http://1.usa.gov/16bWMji
The House of Representatives voted today to cut the legs out from under working families across Montana who rely on nutrition assistance.  We have to get our deficit and debt under control, but denying food assistance to women and children is completely irresponsible.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in telling the House that their actions today will not stand.
Today I was glad to lead our congressional delegation in urging the federal government to take quick action on New Mexico's requests for disaster assistance as a result of severe flooding that took place in July. Unfortunately, severe flooding has continued, and as we deal with the aftermath, I will be paying close attention to future disaster requests and will do everything I can to ensure our communities can get assistance they request to rebuild.
Mental health care matters. This week, I introduced a bill that addresses an inequity in our health care system: http://1.usa.gov/18EOJFX
Senator Warner delivered an impassioned plea for fiscal responsibility yesterday at a hearing on the economic costs of debt-ceiling brinkmanship. With the government’s short-term funding resolution running out at the end of the month and a default on the nation’s debt looming in mid-October, Senator Warner called for both parties to put aside rhetoric and partisanship and work together. “It’s stunning to me that anyone who would claim economic expertise would say that messing with the full faith and credit of the United States of America is a responsible action,” Senator Warner said. “There’s been no major industrial nation that has ever gone through a significant default and recovered... We candidly ought to all get fired if we don’t raise this debt limit.” (staff)
10 years ago this week, responding to Hurricane Isabel. Worst storm in a generation: $1.6B property damage, 2M lost power. Our post-Isabel review led to strengthened emergency response partnerships with localities:  http://bit.ly/1529jzJ  #ThrowbackThursday #TBT
