America needs strong technical and agricultural education programs.   "Wisconsin has a rich agriculture tradition that has been carried on from generation to generation. I believe it is important that we support and invest in innovative agricultural education programs so we can continue to carry on that tradition."   Check out Tammy’s plan:
This Small Business Week, it was especially exciting to join the ground breaking for Alexion Pharmaceuticals’ New Haven world headquarters - a one-time small business that has become a Fortune 500 innovator of life saving medicine and Connecticut job creator.
NA
I spoke to middle and high school students attending the Aviation Career Education Summer Academy in Cheswold about the importance of studying science, technology, engineering and math.
Paying for college is a major burden for families and students, and Congress shouldn’t add to that by allowing the interest rate on student loans to double. Congress has a chance to work in a bipartisan fashion to prevent student loan rates from doubling which would prevent a significant challenge for families and hurt the economy. With two weeks to go, it’s critical that Congress take immediate steps to protect families and students.  http://1.usa.gov/11GR7so
In case you missed it, Evansville Courier & Press: Donnelly amends defense bill.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann designated Bedford and Richmond as 2013’s Stellar Communities in the state. Launched in 2011, this program helps local towns achieve their long-term goals for targeted areas in their community. The Stellar Communities program received national recognition last year with the Presidential Award for Innovation by the Council of State Community Development Agencies. Previous winners include North Vernon and Greencastle (2011) and Princeton and Delphi (2012). To learn more about this program, click here.
Read this op-ed from Senator Donnelly in Hoosier Ag Today about why the farm bill is good for Indiana.
I will take this input to DC. #NorthDakota's voice will be heard as we debate reforming our broken #immigration system.
Chatting with #Fargo reporters after #immigration discussion at Microsoft
This morning at Microsoft in Fargo, I’ll sit down with a diverse group of North Dakotans representing the business, technology, higher education, and health care sectors, and talk about how best to meet the needs of North Dakota as we look to overhaul our broken immigration system.
Welcome home to the Fort Lee soldiers returning today from 6 months in Kuwait & Afghanistan. Thankful for their service & safe return!
As the Senate continues debate on comprehensive immigration reform, U.S. Senator Robert Menendez joined New Jersey DREAMers and members of 32BJ SEIU at Montclair State University in calling for passage of comprehensive immigration reform.
Joined Chris Hayes on MSNBC to urge restraint on arming the Syrian opposition. Take a look http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJe7FxACg3Q
The question on Syria, that we didn't properly ask and answer in Iraq/Afghanistan - what is our endgame and how do we get there?
NA
Countdown to WV's 150th birthday: Day 3 -  Mingo  Fact: Established in 1895, it is youngest county in West Virginia.  Recommendation:  Listed on West Virginia’s National Register of Historic Places, the Coal House in Williamson is a unique sight.
Today, I met with the talented staff of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The work of this institution is among the finest in the world. I'm worried about the impact the sequester is having on NIH, possibly crippling their ability to develop life-saving medical advances.
New Hampshire has some of the highest student loan debt in the nation. We have an obligation to make higher education affordable, for the benefit of our students and for the future of our country.
Senator Shaheen delivered the commencement address congratulating graduates of Manchester West High School at Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester this weekend. (June 14, 2013)
We are looking forward to seeing you, Max the Moose! And we are thrilled to be again hosting so many great New Hampshire businesses for our annual Experience New Hampshire reception to showcase all that the Granite State has to offer!  
It was an honor to spend the morning with World War II veterans from Montana.  LIKE and SHARE these photos to help me honor their service.
With comprehensive, bipartisan immigration legislation, we can strike a proper balance where everybody gets something and no one gets everything they want. The comprehensive and bipartisan Senate bill isn’t perfect. It’s a compromise. Democrats don’t get everything they want, and neither do Republicans.
