Today I joined several Senate colleagues, advocates, and doctors to make clear that the extreme and dangerous 20-week abortion ban passed by the House Republicans isn’t going anywhere in the Senate.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, a member of the Senate Finance Committee and a cosponsor of the Keep Student Loans Affordable Act of 2013 (S. 1238), responded quickly to the Senate’s failure to garner sufficient votes to proceed to consider the bill.    “I am deeply disappointed that the some members of the Senate continue to play politics with student loans, putting an affordable higher education for many Americans at risk due to the higher price tag forced upon them by congressional gridlock.  I hear many of my colleagues talk about how we don't want to increase tax burdens on American families. But now we are telling our most vulnerable students and their families that they are going to have to pay more money for their student loans, and by the way, the government is going to make a profit off their education. We have got to stop this now.     “Making college more affordable is just common sense. Saddling young adults with even more debt will not help jumpstart our economy. There's more debt in student loans than there is in credit cards in America. 60% of the students must borrow money in order to afford a college education. 35% of Americans, 35 million students, are behind in their loan payments. This is an enormous problem. And on July 1, it became a more difficult burden for American students. It makes little sense to add to their already substantial college debt by allowing the interest rate on student loans to double.”     On July 1, the 3.4 percent interest rate on subsidized federal Stafford loans doubled when Congress failed to act on an extension. This rate hike will add about $1,000 of additional debt on the average student over the life of the loan. If enacted, the Keep Student Loans Affordable Act of 2013 would retroactively set the interest rate for any subsidized Stafford loan made between July 1, 2013 and June 30, 2014 at 3.4 percent. The bill is fully paid for by closing a loophole that currently allows those who inherit certain IRAs and 401(k)s to avoid paying the taxes on those accounts for many years. The bill does not create a new tax; it would simply cap the amount of time payment of taxes can be delayed at five years.       ###
Had the pleasure of talking with Joe Madison - "The Black Eagle" this morning about an exciting federal investment in Baltimore, Maryland. This is the type of win-win-win grant that will move Baltimore and the entire State forward.   The YouthBuild program is a workforce and community development program that serves youth ages 16-24. The target population for YouthBuild is high school dropouts who may be youth aging out of foster care, youth with disabilities, adjudicated youth or other at-risk youth.    YouthBuild mixes academic instruction and job training leading to the completion of a high school diploma or GED.  Participants receive an opportunity to gain industry-recognized credentials in construction trades while gaining hands-on experience in the construction industry.     Stephanie Rawlings-Blake Civic Works U.S. Department of Labor Baltimore City Community College Baltimore City Public Schools Baltimore Housing
***Statement From Senator Ben Cardin And Senator Marco Rubio On The Opening Of The Fifth Us-China Strategic And Economic Dialogue***   Washington, DC – US Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Chairman and Ranking Member, respectively, of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs, issued the following statement today regarding the opening of the Fifth US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue in Washington:     “We welcome the Chinese delegates to the Fifth Strategic and Economic Dialogue to Washington. The relationship between the United States and China will affect the lives of much of the world’s population in the decades to come.  The Dialogue is an opportunity to pursue cooperative solutions to important bilateral, regional and global challenges while also fostering a frank and honest exchange on issues important to the American and Chinese people.     “Last week, we celebrated our country’s independence and were reminded that our founders recognized that all men and women are created with unalienable rights.  It has been a consistent theme of American foreign policy to support the Declaration of Independence’s goals of, in the words of President Lincoln, ‘spreading and deepening the influence and augmenting the happiness and value of life to all people of all colors everywhere.’     “As President Obama told President Xi during their Summit last month, history shows that upholding universal rights is ultimately a key to the success, prosperity and justice for all nations. We welcome those sentiments and call upon the Administration to continue to uphold its pledge to make human rights a primary focus of this year’s Dialogue.   While the U.S. and China engage in a separate human rights dialogue process, we believe that the importance of this issue necessitates its prominent inclusion in all senior-level U.S.-China bilateral meetings, including this Dialogue.     “Last month marked the 24th anniversary of the violent crackdown on political activists in Tiananmen Square.  Today, the Chinese people, like all of mankind, continue to express their desire to be free.  Unfortunately, the Chinese government continues to enforce policies that deny Chinese citizens their fundamental and universally accepted human rights by limiting freedoms of expression, religion and assembly, and persecuting religious and political minorities.        “In addition to broader concerns about Chinese policies that limit human freedom, we urge the Obama administration to raise specific issues such as the Chinese government’s handling of unrest in Xinjiang, its policy toward Tibet, and the treatment of human rights defenders, political prisoners and their families, including Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Liu Xiaobo.     “The People’s Republic of China has made tremendous economic strides by lifting millions of people out of poverty; however, the government’s clamp down on fundamental freedoms limits the innovation and creativity required for truly sustainable growth.     “We urge the US officials involved in this week’s Dialogue to emphasize the critical importance of progress on human rights for our bilateral relationship and for China’s continued success and prosperity.”     ###
Yesterday, I got to meet Braeden Mannering from Bear. His award-winning recipe for "Tortilla Bowl Deluxe" (sounds good, right?) earned him a trip to the White House to meet with the First Lady, Michelle Obama, and President Obama at a "kids' state dinner" celebrating the Healthy Lunchtime Challenge, a national effort to fight obesity. Congrats, Braeden! http://delonline.us/18NNIRE
Today, I chaired a hearing on the Boston Bombings and how state, local and federal agencies prepared for and responded to this tragedy. Officials from FEMA, the Massachusetts Executive Office of Public Safety and Security, and the RAND Corporation came to testify about what worked well in the response to the bombings and what we can improve on in the future. Additionally, Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis was on hand to explain how Boston PD coordinated with other agencies to save lives. My thanks and appreciation go to him and all the law enforcement personnel who swiftly and effectively responded to the bombings. http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/hearings/lessons-learned-from-the-boston-marathon-bombings-preparing-for-and-responding-to-the-attack
It was inspiring meeting with the Children’s Congress and those fighting for a cure for type 1 diabetes. #T1D
Today’s bipartisan vote to send the Employment Non-Discrimination Act to the Senate floor is an important step to ensure employees are judged on their performance, rather than who they are. I hope the Senate acts swiftly to take up and pass this important legislation. #ENDA embodies the American ideal of fairness: employees should be judged on their skills and abilities in the workplace, and not on their sexual orientation or gender identity.
NA
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
“Access to affordable, high-quality education is critical to closing the skills gap and creating the highly-skilled workforce that meets the needs of our economy.  It is my strong belief that Hoosiers should not be burdened with unmanageable debt in order to obtain a college degree.  I will support today’s proposal to lower rates on new subsidized Stafford loans and provide students with the certainty they need to plan for their education.  I also think it is critical that we continue bipartisan conversations to find a responsible compromise that will lower rates and ensure there is a cap to protect student borrowers from unreasonable rate increases in the future. The government should not be making profits off of students trying to brighten their futures.  Our focus must be on putting their needs first.” - Senator Joe Donnelly
This morning, I was honored to have met with the Hoosier representatives of the JDRF Children’s Congress. They shared with me their stories and continuing battles against type 1 diabetes and their ongoing search for a cure.  Today, these brave Hoosiers came to ask Congress to extend funding for the Special Diabetes Program (SDP) that would continue the research needed to find a cure for this disease.
It's time to end unnecessary force-feeding at Guantanamo and imperative the administration outline a formal process to permanently close the the facility.
"[Sen. Dianne Feinstein's] new bill, the Preventing Antibiotic Resistance Act of 2013, is smart, sensible, cautiously written and has plenty of support - more than 375 groups, ranging from the American Medical Association to the Infectious Diseases Society of America, have signed on."
Today I met with T.J. and his sisters Tylie and Taya from #Bismarck who shared with me their experiences living with Type 1 Diabetes. These three siblings were chosen to represent North Dakota at the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation Children’s Congress (JDRF) in DC. #NorthDakotans
Will vote to keep student loan rate of 3.4 for 1 year. Gives us time to find long-term solution w/o hurting students. #DontDoubleMyRate
It’s been 6 months since I took office & I want to hear your feedback on what I’ve worked on so far and issues that matter most to you. Next Wednesday, July 17th at noon I’ll host my 1st Twitter & Facebook town hall to answer questions from Virginians. Starting now you can ask questions by tweeting, commenting on this post, or writing on my wall using #AskTim. Please join the town hall & spread the word by sharing this with your friends!
Earlier today I voted to keep student loan interest rates at 3.4%, but unfortunately too many Senators voted against low rates. 
 
 I don’t think going to college should be a privilege for only the wealthy. We need to help students and middle class families who are now carrying an additional $1,000 annual burden since interest rates doubled last week.
SHARE the image below if you, too, are thrilled the Senate Health, Education, Labor & Pensions Committee just approved the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), which bans LGBT workplace discrimination.
 
 When this comes to Senate Floor, I'll vote for equality.
Disgusting: modeling shooting targets on gun safety advocates, many of whom have lost loved ones or are gunshot survivors themselves 1.usa.gov/12ms1Er
Discrimination in the workplace is civil rights issue, plain & simple. HELP passage of ENDA is step in right direction http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345295
Today, Claire took aim at fraudulent #robocalls that continue to creep into homes and businesses across #Missouri. She’s committed to ending these types of calls and putting the power back in the consumer’s hands. Watch highlights of her hearing.
Victory! My bill to end LGBT employment discrimination passed out of Committee today. All Americans deserve the right to work hard and earn a living. It is fundamentally inconsistent with our American values that in 29 states you can still be fired for who you are and whom you love.
Senator Manchin proudly welcomed four veterans from Beckley’s Pine Lodge Nursing Home to the nation’s capital to travel to the memorials that were built in their honor.
It is my distinct honor to spend some time with these devoted vets and pay tribute to the men and women who have served our great nation.
Helping students is the right thing to do and a smart way to strengthen our economy.  But once again, while a majority of Senators voted to keep student loans affordable, some Senators used procedural tactics to block help for middle-class families.    Today’s vote shows Republicans would rather maintain tax loopholes for millionaires than make college a little more affordable for working families.  The student loan interest rate offered by the government shouldn’t be needlessly high, it should be based on actual costs.  The federal government is projected to make $51 billion in profits this year from student loans and it is unfair for Republicans to ask tomorrow’s students to pay even more.  Some saw this deadline as a chance to try and do away with important safeguards for students and their families.  We won’t let them.    I will continue to work hard to reverse this senseless rate hike.  We need a comprehensive overhaul to make our financial aid system more effective, affordable, and sustainable.  Congress must address the core of the college affordability problem, which means eliminating profits from student loans and alleviating the burden of student debt on existing borrowers through refinancing and better consumer protections.  Ultimately, we’ll need a bipartisan solution, but first Congress will have to do its homework.  Republicans will have to come to the table and agree to address the bigger picture of college affordability in a meaningful and comprehensive way.
I have been closely following the news of devastating wildfires raging in both northern and southern Nevada this week.
 
 My thoughts are with the thousands of Nevadans who have been evacuated from their homes. And my thanks go out to the dedicated first responders who acted quickly to protect lives and assist in the evacuation. It’s impossible to say how many lives and homes they have saved. 
 
 Smoke can be seen almost everywhere. And I’ve heard from people in Nevada who have seen ash falling from the sky like snow. I will reach out to Governor Sandoval to offer any assistance I can.
Research is the way to a cure for #T1D; do it for these great kids!
NA
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
This is great.
Taylor Kim has juvenile diabetes but juvenile diabetes doesn't have her! Check out her Taekwondo kicking Senator Schatz!
Unless Congress acts to keep student loan rates low, over 24,000 Montana students will pay more for their education this year than last year.  LIKE and SHARE if you agree with me that Congress must pass a fair solution to keep student loan rates low and higher education within reach for Montanans: 1.usa.gov/1aqIQmK
I'm disappointed the Senate again failed to move forward on a bill to prevent interest rates from increasing on new undergraduate Stafford loans in New Mexico and across the country. Today after the vote, I urged the Senate to act before our students go back to school this fall, noting the serious consequences it has for students in our state. Watch my speech below and share it with others if you agree - New Mexico students shouldn't have to pay the price for Washington's inability to act.
On my way to vote for S. 1238, the Keep Student Loans Affordable Act of 2013. This bill will make sure that the student loan rates that doubled on July 1st return to 3.4%. Here's what is at stake for Rhode Islanders if the GOP filibusters this bill.
On July 1st, some student loan rates doubled from 3.4% to 6.8%. Tomorrow, the Senate will vote on Senator Jack Reed's legislation to retroactively freeze subsidized student loan rates at 3.4%. The House GOP is pushing for an alternative that would temporarily reduce the interest rate, but would eventually more than double the interest rate. We can't do that that to the thousands of Rhode Islanders who have these loans and I look forward to casting my vote for Senator Reed's legislation tomorrow.
Proud to join U.S. Senator Tim Kaine this morning to introduce Patricia Millett at her confirmation hearing for the DC Circuit. I recommend the confirmation of Patricia Millett without reservation, and it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a Virginian with such extensive legal experience and wide, bipartisan support.
NA
Read my op-ed with Senator Jack Reed in Politico today on how we must invest in our students and keep interest rates on student loans low.
