Every day across the nation we see the harmful impacts of climate change, and we must reduce carbon pollution to protect public health and safeguard future generations.  EPA’s proposed standard for new power plants is a critical and appropriate step forward in addressing the biggest source of carbon pollution. http://1.usa.gov/16e02uF
Extending employee benefits to domestic partners is about freedom and fairness. The majority of Fortune 500 companies agree.
If you have a moment this weekend please volunteer some time with http://boulderfloodrelief.org. They are doing incredible work.
Today is POW/MIA Recognition Day. As a former Naval Flight Officer who served three tours of duty in South East Asia during the Vietnam War, I am taking some time today to remember and honor my friends in uniform who served next to me but never came home.
NA
Today is National POW/MIA Recognition Day. On this solemn day, I hope that all can take a moment to honor those who were prisoners of war and those who are still considered missing in action. We have an obligation as a nation to do whatever we can to account for those who never returned and provide answers to loved ones. You are not forgotten.
This one-time accommodation will lessen the impact on veterans who are disadvantaged based solely on where they chose to live after their service to our nation. I’m urging the Department of Defense to delay the implementation of this program until Congress is able to consider this legislation. Many retirees on fixed incomes did not plan for these increased costs. We must do whatever we can to honor those who have served our nation bravely and selflessly in the armed forces.
Senator Donnelly Announces Grant for Purdue University Calumet to Help Bridge Skills Gap in Northwest Indiana.
“We can all agree that we need clean, affordable energy in this country, but I continue to be frustrated by the EPA’s extreme proposals that fail to recognize the impact these regulations will have on Hoosier families and businesses. While we are all hopeful for the future of carbon capture and sequestration technology to reduce and store emissions, it has not yet been proven in an industrial setting.  I strongly believe there is a way to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, protecting our environment and our health, while at the same time making sure we are not excessively burdening the Hoosier families and businesses that rely on affordable power.  The regulations proposed today fail to meet this basic, common-sense objective.” – Senator Joe Donnelly
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
PHOTO: I hosted a Senate Cancer Coalition forum on next-generation cancer treatments.
Watch the recent Senate Cancer Coalition forum on innovative treatment options.
Unchecked carbon pollution alters our climate and threatens the health of our families. In New Mexico we're experiencing extreme weather events, including harsh storms, floods, droughts, heat waves, and catastrophic wildfires. EPA's proposed standards for new power plants is a pragmatic step forward in moving our country away from carbon-intensive energy sources toward a cleaner, safer energy future. It's morally imperative that we embrace the challenge of reversing the effects of climate change and lead the world in innovation and clean energy, using science as our guide to making solid policy decisions.
The Obama Administration has repeatedly stated its energy policy as 'all of the above,' but continues to issue regulations that make it impossible to find a viable path forward for coal, and their new proposed regulations on new power plants are no exception. This rule will have lasting, harmful impacts on North Dakotans - not just the coal industry, but nearly all consumers as coal provides almost 90 percent of our state's electricity. During the coming 60-day comment period, I plan to meet with the EPA Administrator to strongly explain how these regulations are completely unachievable based on current technology and are cost prohibitive. I will continue to fight for what is best for North Dakota and continue to pursue an energy approach that truly is 'all of the above.'
I'm thrilled to have six new interns in my offices in North Dakota and Washington, D.C.. Our interns provide such a valuable service in the office, and I hope they use the opportunity to learn firsthand about Congress and the legislative process, and the importance of public service. I'm lucky to have such a talented group of students and recent graduates helping out in my offices this fall.
NA
We must take common-sense steps to preserve and strengthen our environment’s resilience to the threat of climate change.
 
 Today, the EPA took action to strictly limit the amount of carbon pollution that power plants can pour into the atmosphere.
 
 We need more action like this to protect future generations.
 
 Check out my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/15cqaQB
Congratulations to AmeriCorps on 20 years of serving families and communities across America. Over 800K AmeriCorps volunteers have served more than 1 billion hours of community service in the past 20 yrs! Volunteers mentor children, support vets, promote health, respond to disasters & increase economic opportunities.
 
 I fought to establish AmeriCorps, have worked to strengthen it & to expand opportunities because I believe in neighbor helping neighbor. I’m proud to stand with AmeriCorps volunteers to applaud their service & kick off the next 20 years of supporting communities!
Tomorrow my office will be at Military Service Academy Day to talk with students interested in applying. Event will take place between 9am-12pm at MG Maurice Rose Armed Forces Reserve Center in Middletown.
In case you missed it, yesterday the House GOP voted on a bill to gut funding for SNAP and kick about 4 million Americans off of the program.   Less than 24 hours later, it votes to strip health care funding for American families.   Unbelievable.
Catch Claire on Fox News Sunday this upcoming Sunday, September 22 at 9am CT. Check local listings for additional time and channel information: http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/fox-news-sunday/blog/2009/07/31/fns-local-air-times
Claire, who co-chaired a recent #Senate hearing in which it was revealed that the government contractor USIS is under criminal investigation, today released the following statement after the company acknowledged that it performed the background check on Navy Yard shooter Aaron Alexis:  “From Edward Snowden to Aaron Alexis, what’s emerging is a pattern of failure on the part of this company, and a failure of this entire system, that risks nothing less than our national security and the lives of Americans. What’s most frightening is that USIS performs a majority of background checks for our government. We clearly need a top-to-bottom overhaul of how we vet those who have access to our country’s secrets and to our secure facilities. I plan to pursue such an overhaul, and won’t rest until it’s achieved."
With record droughts, floods, storms, fires, and ecosystem changes that threaten many of Oregon’s key industries, we are already seeing the effects of climate change in Oregon and around the country. We owe it to our children to act and to respond to the threat of catastrophic climate change. While no single action will solve this worldwide crisis, today’s rules represent one of the boldest steps the administration could take to curb American carbon emissions. I applaud the administration for taking action and putting in place these critical new rules.
The facts are clear: the EPA's new source performance standards will devastate American jobs, the American economy and American families. Please take a look at these facts and share this link.    http://1.usa.gov/19oIerC
Today’s announcement of the EPA’s new source performance standard is direct evidence that this Administration is trying to hold the coal industry to impossible standards. Never before has the federal government forced an industry to do something that is technologically impossible. Forcing coal to meet the same emissions standards as gas when experts know that the required technology is not operational on a commercial scale makes absolutely no sense and will have devastating impacts to the coal industry and our economy.    If these regulations go into effect, American jobs will be lost, electricity prices will soar, and economic uncertainty will grow. We need the federal government to work as a partner, not an adversary, and to invest in America’s energy future. I will continue to fight EPA overreach, just as I did as Governor, to protect the reliable, affordable energy and the good-paying jobs that coal-fired power plants provide in West Virginia and across this country.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/18FQjxa
At some point soon, Republicans will have to face an inevitable choice: pass a clean bill to fund the government, or force a shutdown. I have said it before but it seems to bear repeating: the Senate will not pass any bill that defunds or delays Obamacare.   The Affordable Care Act has been the law of the land for three years. Democrats stand ready to work with reasonable people who want to improve it, but Republican attempts to take an entire law hostage simply to appease the Tea Party anarchists are outrageous, irresponsible and futile.   I am glad to see more and more of my moderate Republican colleagues speaking up against the vocal, irrational minority within their ranks. But only time will tell if common sense will prevail.
Senator Shaheen met with volunteers and attendees today at the annual Glendi Greek Festival in Manchester. The festival celebrates Greek culture by showcasing food, beverages, music and traditions and runs through the weekend.
“This latest attempt to defund Obamacare will never pass the Senate or be signed by the President. House Republicans again voted against the interests of the American people, risking our economic stability just to prove a point.  There have been times in history when both parties are equally to blame for gridlock, but this is not one of them. If Speaker Boehner would stand up to Tea Party extremism and put forward a clean Continuing Resolution, then we can avoid this self-inflicted crisis.”
Senator Schatz released the following statement in response to the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) proposed standard on carbon pollution for new power plants:  “Today the Obama Administration took an important step towards reducing carbon pollution and speeding the transition to more sustainable sources of energy.  Power plants account for 40 percent of the carbon pollution in the United States, and while we currently protect public health with limits on arsenic, lead, and soot from power plants, no federal limits on carbon pollution currently exist.  This sensible standard proposed by the Environmental Protection Agency will limit carbon pollution and protect our children from the health risks and other impacts of climate change,” Senator Schatz said.   “In Hawaii, we have seen that moving to clean energy is good for the environment and the economy.  I applaud President Obama’s leadership on this issue and will continue to work with him and the EPA, as well as in the Senate, to forge commonsense solutions that preserve our environment, keep families healthy, and create new clean energy jobs.”   http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345769
To celebrate National Hispanic Heritage Month, I am proud to recognize the tremendous contributions of Hispanic Americans in New Mexico and across the country. New Mexico enjoys a rich Hispanic heritage that goes back over 400 years, and I'm honored to represent the diverse cultures of our state in the U.S. Senate. Click here to read an official statement I submitted to the Congressional Record, and share it with others to celebrate with me.
Glad I could attend the U.S. Department of the Interior signing of the RI offshore wind lease this week. This is an important step in a process that could ultimately bring badly needed jobs to RI and reduce our dependence on fossil fuel. 
 
 #RhodeIsland  #ActonClimate
For far too long, carbon pollution from power plants has gone unchecked. And with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's announcement that there will be limits for new power plants, the EPA is sending a strong message to polluting industries — it's time to clean up their act: http://1.usa.gov/1a9QNcm
 
 #ActOnClimate
Great crowd at the opening of Bristol Rhythm and Roots Reunion! Awesome festival honoring Bristol's musical heritage.
Spoke at the Creative Economy Conference today on utilizing our unique Southwest Virginia assets - great music, art, and the outdoors - to strengthen #SWVA local business.
I received a letter from Carolyn Coveney, an incredible young Virginian and 10-year cancer survivor. For her Girl Scout Silver Award Project, Carolyn is spreading awareness of childhood cancer and the need research funding. As part of her project she gave Gold Ribbon pins to me and my staff.  We put the pins on and took this picture to send to Carolyn - thank you for your work and congratulations on 10 years without cancer! Go Carolyn!
Joining Swift Creek Middle School students this morning at the Virginia War Memorial to honor our veterans & commemorate National POW/MIA Recognition Day.
