Today I joined with students, survivors and advocates at Connecticut College to receive feedback on my campus sexual assault bill. Connecticut College was one of three schools in the state cited for best practices and policies for addressing sexual assault, and in April of this year I met with a similar group at this college to discuss their tactics for addressing sexual assault. Their input was paramount, and it certainly helped in crafting this legislation. I also used the stories and knowledge they shared as a basis for the report I submitted to the White House.   When the Senate reconvenes in September, I’ll use your support and the conversations I’ve had in Connecticut as a means for asking more of my colleagues to help support this bill. The more of you who sign up in support, the better.   Please sign this petition today to tell Congress you support safer college campuses and increased support for sexual assault victims. http://democrats.senate.gov/casa
Deepest condolences to Andy Harris, M.D. on the passing of his wife Sylvia. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Harris Family.
Thanks to Tom Kelly, VP of the Milton Farmer's Market, Mary Kelly, Jim Crellin, president of the Farmer's market for having me out today.
Touring the construction site of the new San Juan College School of Energy. The new 50,000 square foot complex, which is scheduled for completion next year, will house all energy degree and certificate programs under one facility.
Visiting WESST, a statewide small business development and training organization in Farmington that assists New Mexico entrepreneurs build and expand their businesses.
Great to interview with Scott Michlin of KSJE Radio in Farmington.
The #IceBucketChallenge has spread #ALS awareness. Now Congress should do its part & fully fund NIH so research can expand http://m.middletownpress.com/middletownpres/db_280422/contentdetail.htm?contentguid=icpsrP8u
Claire visited Custom Metalcraft in Springfield, American Ramp Company in Joplin, Western Forms, Inc. in Kansas City, and Environmental Dynamics International (EDI) in Columbia to meet with executives and employees, and rally support for the job-creating benefits of the Export-Import Bank ahead of a crucial Senate vote this fall. Without Congressional action, the authorization for the Export-Import Bank is set to expire on September 30.
I strongly encourage all veterans, as well as Active, Reserve, National Guard, military families, and supporters to attend the Veterans Employment Forum I will be hosting on September 10th in Washington, D.C. This is an incredible opportunity. Please visit my website for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1pcLCNG
Congrats to the Newport Fishermen’s Cooperative and all the fishermen and lobstermen who have come together to successfully launch the Newport Lobster Shack Kitchen on State Pier 9.  This endeavor is really their vision supported by their investment of time, hard work, funding, and resources.  I hope it will be a boon to their businesses and continues to draw even more people to the Newport waterfront to enjoy some locally caught, fresh, off-the-boat-fresh lobster and seafood.  I'm proud to have worked with our lobstermen over the years to secure federal funding for lobster gear exchanges and an ongoing lobster data collection project led by the Commercial Fisheries Research Foundation.  I am also pleased to announce that the U.S. Department of Commerce will be providing another $190,000 in federal funding for URI, in cooperation with the Rhode Island Lobsterman’s Association and others, to design and test new types of lobster and crab gear.
It was great to join the Rhode Island Alliance for Retired Americans today in North Providence for a forum on Social Security and Medicare.   Nearly 220,000 Rhode Islanders receive Social Security benefits and I remain committed to ensuring both Social Security and Medicare remains strong for seniors today and for future generations.
Today I had a chance to tour the Trauma Division and Burn Center at Rhode Island Hospital and thank the amazing doctors and nurses who provide outstanding care to Rhode Islanders in their time of need.  In an effort to strengthen our trauma and burn care infrastructure, I passed a new law, the Improving Trauma Care Act (now Public Law No: 113-152) to update the federal definition of trauma to include burns and ensure that trauma and burn care are better integrated.   Special thanks to Dr. William Cioffi, Dr. David Harrington, the Providence Fire Department, and the American College of Surgeons for their tireless leadership and advocacy and for helping to make this bill a law.
“We owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to the men and women who have served our country in uniform, and the Bedford Hills Center delivers remarkable care to our veterans day in and day out. The new ‘Honor Wall’ is a beautiful way to celebrate the veterans of the Bedford Hills Center and I was humbled to participate in the dedication recognizing our veterans.”   -JS   Read more about the “Honor Wall” dedication ceremony at Bedford Hills Center here: http://1.usa.gov/1wOOjyU
Police departments lack the resources to investigate and detain human trafficking offenders.  By no fault of their own, these departments are often ill-equipped to root out the bad actors. We need to address this problem head-on.  
I enjoyed visiting New Mexico State University this week to talk to students who are getting hands-on space technology experience through the innovative Space Grant Consortium. I'm proud to support them and this program, which has students excited about careers in science, technology, engineering and math. Earlier this month, I announced that the New Mexico Space Grant Consortium received a well-deserved $500,000 grant from NASA that will give students a chance to design experiments to be launched into space from Spaceport America! These kinds of partnerships are important to New Mexico students, and I'll continue working hard to promote science and math education for their future.
I’m urging the VA to expand the William and Mary Law School’s Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic  model to help more veterans with their disability claims at no cost to taxpayers. Claims submitted with help from the Puller Clinic get approved twice as fast as other claims. I am proud that we have been able to work with William & Mary to expand this model to 15 law clinics across Virginia and the country, but we need to do even more  1.usa.gov/1qNByfA
