Thank you to the law enforcement personnel and first responders for their service and bravery throughout this traumatic week. I hope the families and friends of victims and the people of Boston can find some solace that justice has begun to be served. As this investigation continues, in my role as Chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I will do all that I can to help ensure that we learn from this tragedy and do what we can to prevent a similar situation from happening again so we can keep all Americans safe.
Grateful to law enforcement in #Boston and thoughts and prayers with the victims of this tragedy.
Joe joined the Mayor of Tipton and the Tipton EMA Director touring damage in several homes in their community this afternoon.  He encourages all Hoosiers to report damage to Indiana DHS: www.in.gov/dhs
This has been a harrowing week and we are still trying to make sense of it all.  But a few things are clear:   One, the heroism of our police officers.   Two, investigators, with valuable help from the public, tenaciously and methodically gathered information to identify the alleged bombers and get them off the streets.   Three, the bombing of the Boston Marathon was a cowardly, premeditated attack.   And four, the response from our citizens and local, state, and federal officials has been courageous.   As soon as the first bomb detonated, total strangers were risking their lives to help one another.  Local, state, and federal law enforcement swiftly coordinated their response securing the area, and taking necessary steps to save lives and prevent further damage.   Instead of letting this attack divide us through fear, our nation pulled together.   Tonight, we recognize the security professionals who tirelessly defend us from threats at home and abroad.  They do an incredible job of disrupting terrorist plots, thwarting attacks, and doing everything they can to keep the American people safe. Thanks to their coordinated efforts, we have degraded the ability of terrorists to communicate, travel, train, and strike.   As the terrorist attack in Boston proves, we must remain ever vigilant.  The adage of “if you see something suspicious, say something to authorities” is a good one to remember.   This investigation is still unfolding and will continue wherever it leads.  We will pursue justice for those who were killed and wounded by this vicious attack and we will help Boston and the entire country heal.   We know there will be future terrorist plots and efforts to harm innocent Americans, but we will work tirelessly to stop them. And we as a nation will emerge from this experience even stronger and more united.
Thank you to all law enforcement officials for your courage, hard work, and dedication to protect and serve. #BostonStrong
Visited the Kawainui Marsh Wetland Restoration Project today! It helps protects the Windward side of Oahu from flooding and helps build up the habitat. This is a great example of how the federal and state governments can work to better the community.
One of my most rewarding responsibilities as a Senator is nominating Virginia’s exceptional young men and women for admission to our country’s service academies. I am proud to host more than 500 students, parents and guidance counselors today for our third annual Service Academy Day in Charlottesville!
"Through days that would test even the sturdiest of souls, Boston’s spirit remains undaunted." —President Obama in his Weekly Address: http://wh.gov/eej4
