So proud that Governor Brown signed California’s version of the “Pause for Safety Act” so there is a pause to ensure dangerous people cannot get guns.
“I believe that women make a big difference when we have a seat at the table and especially when it’s the chairman’s seat at the table. And I think it would be a step backwards generally for all Americans if our Senate becomes less diverse because of a change in partisan control.” - TB   Read more about Tammy’s battle on the front lines for Senate women: 
ICYMI: Cap Times’ John Nichols: “Tammy Baldwin is right with her Citizens United vote.”    Tammy, who voted proudly in the majority, said, “It is far too often the case in Washington that powerful corporate interests, the wealthy, and the well-connected get to write the rules, and now the Supreme Court has given them more power to rule the ballot box by creating an uneven playing field.”  Read more about Democrats’ efforts to overturn Citizens United, which were effectively blocked by Republican opposition, here: 
Kroger doesn’t permit outside food & drink inside their stores, or shirtless men, or skateboarding—but they do allow loaded guns. Does this make any sense?  A recent FBI report showed that mass shootings are on the rise, and further, that we cannot protect innocent lives by putting more guns in the hands of Americans: other than trained professionals, not a single American has used a gun to stop an active shooter in the last 14 years. The FBI looked at 160 active shooter incidents, and in just one of those incidents the shooter was stopped by an armed individual other than a police officer or a security guard. That one armed individual was not a random citizen with a weapon, he was a U.S. Marine.  Senator Christopher Murphy and I have written to Kroger stores asking them to stop allowing open carry of firearms in their stores. Will you join us?   Share this: http://j.mp/1v0femn http://j.mp/1rGTn4Q
#PublishWhatYouPay has been the game changer that has helped tilt the balance of power away from corrupt leaders and into the hands of citizens.  It has been a pleasure to work with Oxfam America,  Publish What You Pay, The Lugar Center and countless other groups to enhance stability in countries the world by bringing #transparency and accountability in the #oil, gas and mining industry.  #NoSecretDeals 
Harvard School of Public Health’s new study shows that the carbon standards proposed by U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  would save thousands of lives every year. Delaware would be among the states with the highest percentage of premature deaths avoided. http://bit.ly/1pEpYSU
Come check out the seasonal job fair being held now in Christiana Mall. There are 35 employers looking for Delawareans to work for the holiday season. The fair goes until 7 pm.
Today a member of Joe’s staff attended the youth education Canoemobile event hosted by EPA Region 5 Administrator Susan Hedman on the Little Calumet River. #CleanWater
The folks at Real Warriors are working hard to highlight the psychological health issues faced by our veterans and active duty troops. They focus on getting our veterans and servicemembers the help they deserve. Take a look at the resources they offer at http://www.realwarriors.net/.  #SuicidePreventionMonth
WATCH: As #SuicidePreventionMonth comes to a close, take a moment to get a glimpse back at Joe’s efforts to help end the scourge of military suicide, and visit donnelly.senate.gov/preventsuicide for resources for servicemembers and veterans in need.
24 California schools received the Department of Education Blue Ribbon for student performance and closing the achievement gap. Great work!
This funding will allow colleges across New Mexico to provide workers with quality job training to help fill New Mexico’s expanding health care and technology workforce needs. Investments in education and job training will have a significant and lasting impact on our economy and ensure all New Mexicans have the skills they need to compete for quality jobs.
Great to meet with North Dakota veteran, Jim Nelson. Appreciate his hard work and collaboration as we figure out how to work together and make sure our veterans get the benefits and care they earned.
Since the Casselton derailment last December, I’ve been working to make sure our first responders, who are our communities’ first line of defense, have the necessary training and equipment to handle emerging threats and hazmat situations, like the transportation of crude oil on the rails. After pushing to increase investments in facilities to provide necessary training, $5 million in federal funds will be used to support a federal training center in Pueblo, CO for first responders. Several North Dakota first responders have already gone to the facility for training sessions, and the funds will enable the facility to train more first responders on how to handle dangerous incidents on the rails. Making sure our first responders get the training and resources to keep our communities safe is a must – and that’s what I’m working to do through my RESPONSE Act and Strong and Safe Communities Initiative. 
via Refinery29
Senator Blumenthal, Senator Feinstein, and I are calling on Kroger to implement new policies that would prevent individuals from openly carrying firearms into the company's stores. There is simply no reason why someone would need an AK-47 to purchase milk, bread, or other basic necessities at a grocery store. However, the current Kroger policy allows for these demonstrations.  We're joining the efforts of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America and Everytown for Gun Safety who stand strong against gun violence every single day. They've successfully demanded that other companies, such as Starbucks, Chipotle, and Target, do the right thing and prevent open carry in their stores.   With new FBI data showing that nearly half of active shooter incidents between 2000-2013 occurred in areas of commerce, stores like Kroger should step up and help reduce gun violence across America.
NA
Congratulations to the students, teachers and families at C.W. Shipley Elementary School in Harpers Ferry and Woodsdale Elementary School in Wheeling for being recognized as West Virginia’s National Blue Ribbon Schools for 2014. At every school across West Virginia, it is crucial that we create an educational environment where our kids are engaged, challenged and given the opportunity to be the best they can possibly be. These two schools have proven to exceed these expectations, and I am proud of their successful efforts to give our young students the necessary support so that they can truly excel and shine.  Read more:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=88419685-39f0-433f-a47f-e92f84481f8a
The time is now to improve the current national missing children system, its accuracy and functionality and the availability of critical information to all levels of law enforcement. 
Touring the Sourdough Fire Station in Bozeman today.  Firefighters put their lives on the line to help keep us safe, and I'm proud to have their backs in the Senate.
It was great to join Leonard Martinez and all of the San Joaquin del Rio de Chama Land Grant heirs on Friday. Their commitment and passion to restore their traditional lands and strengthen the well-being of their community is tremendous, and Leonard's positive efforts on the Land Grant Council, the Land Grant Consejo, and at the SJRC Land Grant are really making a difference at the local, state, and federal level.  For years, the land grant heirs have struggled to ensure that the federal government honors its commitments as part of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and I'm honored to stand with them as they look to the future work collaboratively with federal agencies on solutions that work for everyone. Because of the heirs’ efforts, as well as dedicated employees at the Forest Service, heirs now have better access to their historic cemetery.
Last Friday, I was honored to spend some time at the Acequia de los Garcias in San Pedro to discuss the need to strengthen relationships between acequias and federal agencies.  The acequias in New Mexico are critically important to New Mexico’s history and culture.  These acequia systems don’t just have cultural significance--they provide real economic contributions the community. They are part of a way of life, allowing farmers and ranchers to use the land and water the way they have for centuries. Just as important, they help tie communities together in rural parts of the state, but especially here in the Española Valley. And these acequias are also important ecologically. They recharge aquifers, which is critical in this time of drought, and they help support the natural function of the watersheds.  I’m proud to work with the New Mexico Acequia Association to protect these ancient and unique systems.
Our men and women in uniform make incredible sacrifices for our country, and they shouldn’t have to worry about predatory loans and other abusive financial products.  That’s why I’m glad that the Defense Department is taking serious steps to crack down on financial companies that target servicemembers and their families. 
