I was so proud to stand with Senator Gillibrand, so many of our colleagues and all the survivors of military sexual assault who fought to pass the Military Justice Improvement Act. We will not stop fighting. 
After twenty years of broken promises, enough is enough. Don't filibuster justice.
Would you want the CEO of your company acting as judge and jury in sexual assault cases involving employees? Only by removing sexual assault cases from military chain of command will victims get a fair shot at justice. Don't filibuster justice.
How much longer must the survivors of military sexual assault wait  to get the justice they deserve? They deserve an up-or-down vote. Don't filibuster justice.
Tonight 630 EST PM on CNN Ben will be on Crossfire  opposite U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham discussing the situation in #Ukraine, #Russia, and the way forward. Newt Gingrich and Sally Kohn will are hosting.
Please Share ***#AmberAlert***  Caitlyn Virts (11 years old) Vehicle:      1999 Dodge Durango, Black     Maryland license plate #5AJ4458  UPDATE: Added photos. Maryland Child Abduction Emergency: Caitlyn Marie Virts an 11 year old W/F in the company of Timothy Virts a 38 year old W/M last seen in #Dundalk, #MD operating a 1999 Dodge Durango MD tag 5AJ4458. Do not take action call #77 OR 911.  The Maryland State Police at the request of Baltimore County Police Department have issued a Maryland Child AMBER Alert for Caitlyn Marie Virts.  LOCATION: The child was last observed at approximately 7 am in the area of Dundalk, MD. The child is believed to have been abducted by the suspect.  VEHICLE: A possible suspect vehicle is a black 1999 Dodge Durango bearing MD registration: 5AJ4458.  Anyone with information is asked to immediately call 911 or Baltimore County Police Department at 410-887-7320. Do not take action which could endanger your safety or further endanger the abducted child. If you have information, contact: Baltimore County Police Department  Call: 410-887-7320   
AMBER Alert issues in #Maryland  Caitlyn Virts (11 years old) Vehicle:      1999 Dodge Durango, Black     Maryland license plate #5AJ4458  Maryland Child Abduction Emergency: Caitlyn Marie Virts an 11 year old W/F in the company of Timothy Virts a 38 year old W/M last seen in Dundalk, MD operating a 1999 Dodge Durango MD tag 5AJ4458. Do not take action call #77 OR 911.  The Maryland State Police at the request of Baltimore County Police Department have issued a Maryland Child AMBER Alert for Caitlyn Marie Virts.  LOCATION: The child was last observed at approximately 7 am in the area of Dundalk, MD. The child is believed to have been abducted by the suspect.  VEHICLE: A possible suspect vehicle is a black 1999 Dodge Durango bearing MD registration: 5AJ4458.  Anyone with information is asked to immediately call 911 or Baltimore County Police Department at 410-887-7320. Do not take action which could endanger your safety or further endanger the abducted child.    
Proud to work across the aisle with Senator Mike Crapo of Idaho to leverage public-private partnerships and engage stakeholders like commercial fisherman, anglers, outfitters and other angling and sportsmen industries to make lasting improvements to the health and sustainability of our nation’s fish habitats.   The National Fish Habitat Conservation Act (NFHCA) authorizes $7.2 million annually for fish habitat restoration and protection projects that are supported by regional Fish Habitat Partnerships.  Choosing to protect our natural resources is good for our environment and our economy. Right now we need deliberate and targeted action to stem the loss of our precious fisheries resources and millions of related jobs, by ensuring that these important aquatic habitats are better preserved. Our bill takes a comprehensive approach to stopping the single greatest cause of declining fish populations, by stemming the decline of healthy aquatic ecosystems that are critical to all fish species. We need to encourage healthier habitats for waterfowl and other wildlife as well as safer recreational waters for Americans to swim, boat and fish.   This is good news for the #Chesapeake Bay and for all Americans who rely on clean water and healthy fisheries for recreational and economic reasons. According to the most recent data available from the National Survey of Fishing, Hunting, and Wildlife-Associated Recreation, in 2011, more than 90 million U.S. residents – 40 percent of all those over age 16 – participated in wildlife-related activities, including fishing, hunting and wildlife watching. These recreationists spent over $145 billion pursuing these activities, contributing to millions of jobs in industries and businesses that support wildlife-related recreation.
The backlog has been a persistent and inexcusable problem. Our Nation’s heroes shouldn't have to wait for months or more for their claims to be addressed. It is unacceptable that some veterans in Pennsylvania have waited a year or longer to get their disability claims processed, such as 345 days in Pittsburgh and 309 days in Philadelphia.  Veterans deserve a comprehensive and permanent solution to this problem, and our hope is that this legislation will ensure we reach that goal.
#ICYMI, a new study from the National Institute of Mental Health shows an increase in suicide rates for both soldiers who served overseas and those who never deployed. Share this news to help Senator Donnelly’s continued efforts to raise awareness and end the scourge of suicide in the military.
Glad the Senate passed a resolution I cosponsored honoring World Wildlife Day. It is important we protect the world's biodiversity.
New Mexicans know firsthand the impacts catastrophic wildfires have on our communities and lands. And we share a deep appreciation for our firefighters and other first responders who put their lives on the line everyday to keep us safe. But fighting wildfires cannot come at the expense of programs that prevent large, costly fires. We can’t choose between fighting fires and preventing them -- we must do both. I'm working to make that possible.
It was great to talk about expanding broadband access at the HTTP: HISPANIC TECHNOLOGY AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS PARTNERSHIP reception tonight. Connecting New Mexico communities with affordable broadband access opens the door to endless possibilities for learning, entrepreneurship, and economic growth.
North Dakota veterans & servicemembers repeatedly tell me it is crucial that we remove the military chain of command from the decision as to whether or not an alleged sexual assault is prosecuted. That is why I voted today for Senator Gillibrand’s bill to reduce military sexual assaults. 
Today, the a Senate Commerce Subcommittee held a hearing at my request which brought together Senators, regulators, and industry where we had a frank discussion about how to improve rail safety – particularly in light of the derailment in Casselton. I will continue to make sure that the safety of North Dakota families is a top priority for both Federal regulators and industry – and that it stays that way.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=912b7d49-3bd6-4cab-b6de-13ac3ca07b8c 
Senate Commerce hearing I called for to examine rail safety starting now. Click link below to watch live.
WASHINGTON (THURSDAY, March 6, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy, the Senate’s President Pro Tempore, introduced the Dalai Lama on the Floor of the United States Senate as today’s Guest Chaplain, before he offered today’s Senate invocation.  Leahy, long a champion of the Tibetan people, has visited often with the Dalai Lama.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0jHhJl8XHw
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday met with His Holiness the Dalai Lama.   Leahy, long a champion of the Tibetan people, has visited often with the Dalai Lama and also introduced him during his address at Middlebury College in 2012.
Today I voted to support new reforms combating military sexual assault building on the more than 30 reforms included in the recently passed National Defense Authorization Act. I'm tired of lip service and empty promises of zero tolerance policies after years of fighting sexual assault in the military. 
For too long, thousands of people across the country faced the nightmare of being unable to get health care coverage or treatment when they had the misfortune of getting sick. But thanks to the Affordable Care Act, that nightmare is over. Thanks to the law, if you are diagnosed with a serious illness like cancer, an insurance company can’t drop you from your plan or deny coverage in the future. You’re also able to catch an illness and treat it more quickly thanks to provisions in the law that make preventive care free.   No one should be denied coverage or treatment just because they are sick. Republicans should stop throwing their weight behind efforts to repeal these life-saving protections and instead work with Democrats to improve the law.
"This debate has been about one thing - getting the policy right to best protect and empower victims, and boost prosecutions of predators. I believe we're on the cusp of achieving that goal. The Senate has voted to strengthen even further what is now one of the most victim-friendly justice systems in the world. I'm eager to continue working closely with my colleagues such as Senators Levin, Ayotte, and Fischer - and with Senator Gillibrand who has been instrumental in focusing the nation's attention on addressing this critical topic-to aggressively and vigilantly implement these reforms and turn the corner in our shared battle to curb sexual assaults in the ranks." -Claire
Today, the Senate will debate and vote on historic reforms that Claire has worked tirelessly on to combat military sexual assault.   Watch the debate live: http://www.c-span.org/video/?318155-2/us-senate-general-speeches-nominations  Read more about how these historic reforms: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/McCaskillAyotteFischer.pdf
The Dalai Lama opened today’s Senate session, saying:  “With our thoughts we make our world. Our mind is central and precedes our deeds. Speak or act with a pure mind and happiness will follow you, like a shadow that never leaves.  May there be joy in the world, With bountiful harvest and spiritual wealth. May every good fortune come to be, And may all our wishes be fulfilled.  As long as space remains, And as long as sentient beings remain, Until then, may I too remain And help dispel the misery of the world.”  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVXhyvgXf-E 
NA
Honored to meet the Dalai Lama today. Special thanks to master photographer Senator Leahy.
I’m disappointed the Military Justice Improvement Act this afternoon couldn’t secure the 60 votes it needed to advance but I’m not giving up. We have to reform our military justice system on behalf of victims and survivors of sexual assault. In case you missed it, earlier today I spoke on the Senate floor in support of this bill, watch here: http://youtu.be/2cRBgBR_hLU  
The State Senate's decision to pass a bipartisan Medicaid expansion plan is great news for our economy and people across New Hampshire, including 50,000 who now stand to receive health care. I hope the State House acts on this proposal quickly so that Governor Hassan can sign this bill into law.   Congratulations to President Morse, Senator Larsen, and Governor Hassan on this great bipartisan accomplishment. The hard work and compromise responsible for today's victory underscores just how much we can accomplish when we work together in good faith on behalf of New Hampshire.  -JS  http://apne.ws/1cdWdZ7 
What a great moment for a brave Rhode Islander and very deserving Chief for the day in Burrillville.  Happy Birthday, Tyler!  And thanks to all of our public safety heroes for making this young man's dream a reality. http://bit.ly/1idr7zf
Social Security benefits are a sacred promise we've made to our seniors.  That's why I was pleased to see the President's new budget would move us toward an economy that provides greater fairness for seniors and the middle class, and protects Social Security benefits from cuts like the chained CPI.  While it isn't perfect, this budget shows the President is taking a stand for important programs for seniors and the middle class.
True honor to meet His Holiness the Dalai Lama today. I appreciate him opening today's Senate session with a prayer. Especially liked his call to help "dispel the misery of the world."
