Yesterday, the Senate took an important step towards helping the nearly 1.3 million Americans whose unemployment benefits were allowed to expire at the end of the year. Wisconsin's economy continues to lag behind other states and far too many hard working people are still looking for a job. Now both the Senate and the House must work across party lines to do the right thing and extend unemployment insurance - a critical lifeline for Wisconsin families. -TB
As Americans, we watch each other’s backs when times are bad. Renewing unemployment benefits is the right thing to do as our economy continues to recover. This has never been a political issue before and it should not be now. Unemployment benefits allow Americans to provide the basics for their families while still putting money back into a recovering economy. In more than 50 years, we have never cut off emergency unemployment insurance when the rate of long-term unemployment was even above 50% of its current level, even though none of those recessions were nearly as deep as the one we are now recovering from. This is the right thing to do for millions of Americans who are out of work and for our economy as a whole.
I got the chance to meet with Sen. Cory Booker, the new junior senator from New Jersey, today and he was good enough to laugh at my jokes. Welcome to the Senate!
Food stamps feed hungry families and millions of children. We should support this vital program
We can create 240,000 jobs if we renew unemployment insurance
The War On Poverty expanded access to education and gave everyone a chance at success
Senator Donnelly today gave a speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate outlining his Opportunity Agenda, a blueprint of common sense policies designed to expand economic opportunities for Hoosier workers, businesses, and their families in four critical areas. Watch the full speech here.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Honda Manufacturing of Indiana received the EPA’s ENERGY STAR certification this year, given to them for performing in the top 25% of similar facilities nationwide for energy efficiency. Joe visited the Honda plant in early December to recognize the hard work of Hoosiers in this important sector of our economy.
Today I called on the Federal Railroad Administration to release information on its inspections of the rail where a train recently derailed near Casselton. It is important for me and the people of North Dakota to understand what actions were taken before the derailment, and to determine the current quality of the rails in this area in particular. I am committed to both getting to the bottom of what happened in Casselton, and what can be done to limit the possibility of it happening again.
Looking forward to meeting with and honoring the North Dakota National Guard members from the 188th Air Defense Artillery Regiment tonight. It is comforting to know that our security has been in their capable hands this past year, and I’m grateful for their selfless service. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fb63ccd2-7a24-4764-8711-60b568d29d9c
I’m proud to introduce an amendment with Senator Mark Warner to repeal and replace cuts to military retiree benefits. Military families in Virginia and across the country deserve peace of mind that these unfair COLA cuts will be undone well before they are set to take effect in December 2015. This amendment mirrors the Military Retirement Restoration Act we introduced in December to replace the COLA reductions with new legislation that could raise as much as $6.6 billion over ten years by preventing companies from avoiding paying U.S. taxes. I’ll continue to pursue every path to reversing this provision – both legislatively, as well as through my role on the Armed Services Committee.
I urge my colleagues to come together and extend unemployment insurance - a critical lifeline for families who are getting back on their feet as our economy continues to recover.
WASHINGTON (Wednesday, January 8, 2014) -- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) on Wednesday reintroduced sweeping legislation to protect Americans' personal information and ensure their privacy. Leahy also announced the issue of data privacy would be the subject of a committee hearing early in the new Senate session.
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, January 7, 2013) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday afternoon spoke on the Senate Floor to report on progress by House and Senate conferees on the Farm Bill, generating new hope that a bipartisan agreement is near.    Leahy, the most senior member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, is a Senate conferee on the bill.  A final agreement by the negotiators is expected soon -- as early as the end of this week.
On this anniversary of President Johnson’s War on Poverty speech, I think about how much progress we’ve made helping Americans in need. 
 
 But, at a time when crucial anti-poverty programs like SNAP are getting severely cut & threatened, we must vow to stay committed to ending poverty and continue to provide opportunities to all Americans.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor with a great sense of urgency and passion over the fact that we need to extend unemployment insurance. This is one of the coldest spells that we’ve had in decades in the Northeast-Midwest area. And I find it unfathomable when it is so cold, that the big chill in Washington is that we’re not going to extend unemployment benefits.  In Maryland right this very minute, 23,000 people are affected. That’s 23,000 families that have now lost a modest benefit which averages out to about $313 per week that enables people, while they’re looking for work, to be able to pay for their housing, pay for their food and pay for their heat. Let's restore this critical safety net for those who need it most.
As Delegates and Senators kick off the 434th session of the Maryland General Assembly in Annapolis, Team Maryland is fighting in Washington for the day to day needs of Marylanders.  Team Maryland is your federal Congressional delegation in the Senate & House serving as your voice in Washington, united for families and Maryland values. That means jobs, a living wage, a social safety net that’s there when you need it, education families can count on and fair treatment for all.  From Annapolis to Washington, we’re fighting because Marylanders in every community deserve a government on their side working as hard as they do.
Good luck to the Saint Louis University Women's Basketball Team as they take on George Washington University tonight in D.C. We're glad they had a chance to stop by the office during their visit. Go Billikens!
Those looking for work need a helping hand, not to be kicked when they're down. Talked with Rachel Maddow last night on why we need to move forward on a bill to renew unemployment insurance.
It is simply unconscionable to ask thousands of West Virginia homeowners to make excessive flood insurance payments because of the unintentional consequences of the recently enacted Biggert-Waters Act. That's why I have co-sponsored legislation to delay the implementation of the Biggert-Waters Act and save homeowners thousands of dollars on flood insurance. The Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act will provide much needed relief to West Virginians and provide Congress with enough time to review the affordability study, and create a more permanent fix to the National Flood Insurance Program that doesn’t require hardworking West Virginians who live within their means to make excessive payments they can’t afford.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1cZgDmE
Small businesses are truly the engine of our economy, providing the goods and services we depend on every day. As a small businessman myself, I understand the challenges small businesses face and all they contribute to making this country great. This month, recognize the achievements of our small businesses in West Virginia by nominating them for one of these outstanding awards. The deadline is January 17th.  For more information: http://1.usa.gov/1cYLlw4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBKlRUrfbzQ&feature=c4-overview&list=UUT_aFVtsjxPwWKfO-PW_hPw
Congratulations to Hall of Fame pitcher Greg Maddux, a true master of his trade and the pride of Nevada today.
The Washington Post reports that House Republican leaders sent a memo to the entire GOP conference urging their members to "show compassion" for the unemployed. It shouldn't take a memo to show compassion. No wonder Republicans in Congress are out of touch with Republicans around the country. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2014/01/07/house-gop-leaders-coach-rank-and-file-on-discussing-unemployment/
NA
Just heard Carly Fleischmann’s incredible story. She is a true role model for those with Autism and their families. Read her post below about her experience testing GPS tracking bracelets for police. Truly remarkable:  Sen. Chuck Schumer proposes placing tracking devices on autistic children   I am all for this! GPS tracking medical alert bracelets that will let a parent find a missing child with autism in seconds. Last year I did a mock run a way with a police officer and I had on a GPS Unit. I made it out of the police search net in less than an hour and I was 20 miles form where they would have been looking for me. Last years in north America alone over 8,00 people with autism were reported missing and a handful of them never made it home alive. A GPS tracking system would help bring people with autism and Alzeimers home safely. I Carly fleischmann support this idea and hope it become law all over the world.  This post is in memory of MENIFEE, Calif R.I.P  "Schumer's idea would expand a voluntary program that is already offered to those with Alzheimer's disease and would have the tracking devices worn by autistic children in case they run away. The proposal comes in response to the month-long disappearance of 14-year-old Avonte Oquendo from Long Island City, Queens"  Read more: 
Senator Shaheen today filed an amendment to emergency unemployment legislation currently under consideration by the Senate to protect military retirees from changes to cost of living adjustments (COLA) that were passed in a bipartisan budget agreement. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1dgOn0q
I'm glad we're finally working with a bipartisan budget deal in Congress and hope we can come together for common-sense policies in the new year. But as we do this, we must start by fixing the reduction in retirement benefits and COLAs for working-age military retirees. I've also heard from New Mexico veterans and their families about the importance of these benefits, and I will continue to work to restore them. In December, I joined my colleagues in filing the Military Retirement Restoration Act to reverse the 1 percent COLA reduction for retirees, and today I filed an amendment to legislation on the Senate floor to pass the fix quickly. Click here for more information about our bill, S. 1844, and share it with others if you agree - our veterans should get the full retirement benefits they have earned after protecting our freedoms.
Our service men and women deserve much better than seeing their pensions arbitrarily cut by lawmakers in Washington. No American soldier should have to fight for their rightfully-earned benefits. I am proud to introduce this legislation today, and I promise to continue using every tool I can to fight pension cuts that unfairly single out Virginia military families.
Save the date for the 2014 Virginia Young Professionals Summit - it'll be held on March 29 in Virginia Tech's Lane Stadium! And make sure to like the Summit's Facebook page for updates and more information.  
