Every Veterans Day, we come together across America to honor the brave men and women who have sacrificed so much for our country.  Throughout our nation's history, in war and in peace, our men and women in uniform have exemplified the values of duty, courage, and unwavering patriotism.  As a grateful nation, we celebrate their service and offer them our deepest thanks for ensuring America's safety and preserving the freedoms we hold dear.   As we observe Veterans Day, we must never forget that our nation's veterans deserve more than just our gratitude - they deserve our enduring support.  That is why I am working in the U.S. Senate to ensure that America's veterans and their families get the care, benefits, and support they have earned and deserve.   On Veterans Day and every day, I hope we take advantage of every opportunity to thank our service members, veterans, and their families for their extraordinary service and countless sacrifices.
I agree with President Obama. Millions of consumers and businesses rely on an open and free internet. The FCC must act to protect #NetNeutrality
After last year’s propane supply crisis, Tammy’s teaming up with her colleague, Sen. Al Franken, to urge the Department of Energy to establish an emergency plan in case of another propane shortage.
Winter Storm Astro is making its presence felt across Wisconsin. With heavy snowfall, be sure to allow extra time when traveling and leave plenty of room for snow plows. Be safe and keep warm!
Today, we honor our nation’s veterans and thank them for their service and their sacrifice. Happy Veterans Day! - TB
On Veterans Day, we take time to honor the invaluable contributions our veterans have made to this country and reaffirm our commitment to these heroes and their families. From the Greatest Generation storming the shores of Normandy and Iwo Jima, to today’s generation of veterans serving in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom their courage and commitment to their county has never wavered.   We must continue our work to ensure the efficient delivery of the benefits they have earned by answering the call to service and ensure that they are welcomed home with respect and opportunity. As Coloradans, we share a special commitment to our service members and strive to make our state the best place in the country for veterans to live and work.   Happy Veterans Day to the best and bravest of our citizens in Colorado and across the nation.
On #VeteransDay, we must stand up and voice a resounding 'thank you' to our veterans for their brave service. Sound off in the comments, share this with a friend or neighbor: be sure you thank a veteran today. -RB
As America renews its commitment to honoring the millions of courageous men and women who have served in the U.S. armed forces, we applaud the innumerable sacrifices that they and their loved ones have made for this great country.  We honor and appreciate their service and dedication on this #VeteransDay, and on every day of the year.    Our nation’s debt to our veterans does not end upon their return from the battlefield. Rather, it continues as they re-enter civilian life. This means providing assistance as they search for jobs and seek additional training, and ensuring access to counseling, medical services and affordable educational opportunities. Our efforts to help veterans must be as equally unyielding as was their commitment to protecting these United States.  Maryland is home to more than 400,000 veterans who fulfilled a solemn promise to our country. I will not stop fighting until every veteran receives the benefits, resources and utmost respect that they have earned. I ask my fellow Marylanders to join me in expressing thanks to our veterans for all that they have given us, and to join me in prayer for all those currently in uniform who are engaged in active duty worldwide. This Veterans Day, we salute them.
On this day, and everyday, let's give thanks to the men and women who have served our country to protect the freedoms we cherish all year round. #VeteransDay
On Veterans Day, we come together to honor the brave men and women who have served our nation valiantly. As we mark Veterans Day, it is not only a time to thank our veterans for their service, but to also acknowledge the debt we owe them for protecting us and preserving our freedom. We must also recognize the sacrifices of the families of veterans – the mothers and fathers and especially the spouses and children.  While today highlights the heroic service of our Veterans, we must honor their sacrifices every day of the year. Serving our veterans requires actions not just words. As Americans we must ensure that all veterans have what they need when they return home, especially healthcare, education and employment opportunities.  I look forward to continuing to work in a bipartisan way to ensure our veterans and their families receive a level of care and service worthy of their sacrifice.
On this Veterans Day, we pause to honor the brave men and women who have served Illinois and our country proudly. But it isn't enough to simply commemorate our veterans' service and sacrifice through words alone. Supporting and strengthening our veterans' access to health care, education, job training, housing and other services, is every bit about keeping the promise we made to our veterans.
"Our veterans are heroes." -Joe speaking at the Indiana War Memorial this afternoon.
Great to be a part of Belzer Middle School's Veterans Day program this morning. -Joe
WATCH: Joe thanks Hoosier veterans in honor of Veterans Day.  “I want to thank all of our veterans on this very special day—Veterans Day—for all you have done…to give us the chance we have to live in freedom, to raise our family in this amazing country. We will continue to work to make sure we keep the promise to our veterans of better health care, good job opportunities, the chance for all of you to continue to be received with so much love and so much respect by all of your fellow citizens. We have been very, very blessed in this country, and that blessing comes from the sacrifice that you have made.” -Joe
Few sacrifices are as selfless as those our military service men and women make in defense of our country. We owe our veterans and their loved ones more than a debt of gratitude -- we owe them action in both our words and deeds. I join communities across New Mexico in celebrating our nation's veterans today and thanking them for their invaluable service to our country.
While I was at Atomic Coffee in Fargo last week, I met Reily Altenburg, stepdaughter of my good friend, Eric Marts, and a member of the Army National Guard. She generously thanked me for helping Eric, her veteran stepfather who became blind after being hit by a roadside bomb in Iraq. I appreciated her kind words, but I assured Reily that I am the one that should be thanking her, her family, Eric, and the thousands of military servicemembers and their families across the country. Words can’t fully express how grateful I am for the individuals who willingly put themselves on the frontlines, and their families who sacrifice months without their loved ones so our nation can be safe. #VeteransDay
Our nation owes its freedom and success to the courageous Americans willing to stand on the front lines who defend our country and constantly strive to make it better. In North Dakota, we do a tremendous job of honoring our military and veterans, and we should take every opportunity to express our gratitude for their service. But, as I’ve been committed to doing, when they return home, we must act together and do a better job connecting our veterans with the resources and benefits they’ve earned – particularly for those veterans who live in the rural areas of our state and have faced significant challenges with access to the services they need. On this Veterans Day and every day, let’s continue to be pillars of strength and support for the veterans in our communities, and keep fighting for them – just as they did for us.
On this Veterans Day, we honor the service of every generation of American veterans – the brave men and women who have sacrificed so much to protect our nation and promote the values we hold dear. We also pay tribute, after 13 years of war, to all those who have served in the military since September 11, 2001. I am deeply grateful for their service.
It was a pleasure to meet with vets from all over New Jersey this year.   God bless you & God bless New Jersey.
Today we again pray for our veterans & thank them for their service.
NA
In honor of Veterans Day we are highlighting 13 outstanding Connecticut men and women who served our country in uniform, and who continue to serve as pillars of their communities in CT. We are forever grateful for their service and their sacrifice. Take a moment to read each of their stories - you will be glad you did.
“Just a week after Americans exercised their democratic rights, today is an appropriate reminder that our freedoms are defended every day, every month, and every year, by our men and women in uniform. I join all Missourians today in paying tribute to the service and sacrifice of our veterans and their families, who have earned an unknowable debt of gratitude from every American. And I pledge to keep fighting every day to make sure the promises made to our veterans are kept, and that our veterans treated with the same dignity and respect that my Dad was shown.” - Claire   (Pictured below: Bill McCaskill in Belgium during World War II)
Veterans Day gathers us together as a nation to express our deepest gratitude to the men and women who have fought to safeguard our beloved nation and secure the freedoms we enjoy every day. No matter the war, no matter the rank, no matter the duty, every one of our heroic veterans have answered America’s call of duty. In times of need, they stepped forward and vowed to protect this country. It is because of our veterans that America remains a beacon for all who love liberty and cherish freedom. The world is truly a better place because of their courage.  Read my full Veterans Day statement on my website: http://1.usa.gov/1xDWRoM
Today we pause to honor our nation’s #Veterans.  We reflect on their uncommon courage, and express our enduring gratitude for their sacrifices.   Please join me in celebrating our men and women in uniform, as well as their families.
Happy 45th Birthday to New York’s own Sesame Street! Been a fan since the beginning, especially of Grover! #SesameStreet #45years
“Today we gather across New Hampshire and the country to remember the brave men and women in uniform who put themselves in harm's way to protect our country and our way of life. New Hampshire has a proud tradition of service, and our veterans represent the best of our state. To all of our veterans, and to all of our servicemen and women who are serving around the world to this day, I want to thank them for all their sacrifices."   -JS
“On Veterans Day, we pay tribute to the more than 120,000 veterans living in Hawai‘i and the many others around the world who have bravely served our country. Their willingness to put themselves in harm's way to defend the daily liberties all Americans enjoy deserves our deep gratitude and respect. As we observe Veterans Day, let us remember the sacrifices that our veterans and their families have made to protect us, and never forget that we owe them nothing less than the same commitment they have showed us. On this day and every day, please take the time to thank our service members and veterans for their remarkable service, enduring spirit, and steadfast patriotism to our nation.” - BES  Today, Senator Schatz helped honor our service members, veterans, and their families at the Oahu Veterans Council's Veterans Day Ceremony.
"All of Hawai'i is deeply proud that Patsy Mink has been named to posthumously receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. As a daughter of the islands, she fought every day of her life to make real the possibilities of equal opportunity for all and the rights of minorities and women. Her remarkable achievements were hard earned – born of her unwavering resolve and the values she learned living in Hawai'i. We know that Patsy would share this award with all of us and especially with the countless women who steadfastly carried on with the legacy and the spirit of Patsy Mink." - BES
Today we honor the tremendous sacrifices made by our nation’s veterans.  Thank you to all the men and women – and their families – who selflessly serve our nation at home and abroad.  As a senior member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I will continue to fight hard to make sure veterans have access to the services they earned.  It was a tough year for America’s veterans and for the Department of Veterans Affairs.  But with unyielding commitment, I will make sure this nation honors its responsibilities to those who wear its uniform.  I wish all veterans and their families a peaceful Veterans Day.  Thank you for your service.
Everyone's out to honor our vets today at the North Kingstown Veterans Day parade. Thanks to all who have bravely served.
Today and every day, I commit to honor the service of Virginia's 840,000 military veterans by working to ensure they are treated with the respect they have earned.   That's why I supported bipartisan legislation to expand resources at the V-A and provide veterans with more healthcare choices. However, money alone will not solve the systemic challenges within the V-A, and I will continue to work with the V-A to change the culture within the agency to ensue our veterans get the care and support they deserve.  Too many veterans wait too long for healthcare services, and I was pleased to amend bipartisan legislation this year to allow I-T professionals from leading Virginia companies to provide the V-A with a free, expert assessment of their customer service challenges.    Too many veterans spend too much time chasing paperwork and battling the V-A bureaucracy, so I have championed an innovative program at the William & Mary law school which puts students to work for free helping veterans file completed disability claims. We've expanded the William & Mary pro bono model to 15 law schools across the country.  And when America's female veterans encountered unreasonable hurdles to access V-A services they deserved, I worked with the V-A to make it easier for our military women to get treatment for PTSD and other combat-related challenges.    When I think about veterans, I think about my 88-year-old father. He was a Marine in World War II who fought at Iwo Jima. Like all who have served America, my dad is a hero who serves to be treated with honor. Today and every day, I extend my respect and appreciation to each of our military veterans and the families across Virginia who have supported them.
