15 years ago today we signed a settlement with the tobacco industry that improved the lives and health of North Dakota children. It was the most satisfying accomplishment of my public service career.  Although battling against the tobacco companies was tough, working for a cause I truly believe in made it worthwhile. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d30354cb-282c-40f1-9b4b-190180662339
Happy National Adoption Day – congratulations to all the families celebrating their adoptions today. Adoption is a blessing that enriches the lives of children and families who welcome them into their homes.  Families that decide to adopt, like Bobby and Courtney Williams in Dickinson, make a huge difference in the lives of so many vulnerable children by opening up their hearts and giving them a place to call home.  In North Dakota, there are currently over 950 children in the foster care system, and most wait in care for almost 3 years before they are adopted.
Enjoyed speaking with North Dakota Farm Bureau this morning, including Director of Public Policy Pete Hanebutt. We need advocates like members of the North Dakota Farm Bureau to continue pushing lawmakers to compromise and get a long-term Farm Bill signed into law. And I’m fighting to make sure North Dakota’s voice is heard, so we can get a Farm Bill that works for our state’s hardworking farmers and ranchers.
Today, on the 50th Anniversary of his passing, we remember the great impact President John F. Kennedy had on our country, and his ability to unify us as a nation and lead us towards progress.  See my thoughts, and those of other leaders here:
Both as a dad & as Governor, I’ve seen that Pre-K investments pay huge dividends, both in the lives of individual children and for our nation as a whole. Take a few moments to read my op-ed in the Virginian-Pilot making the case for investing in early childhood education:
"There is a memorial service for Margaret Ushijima in Hilo today. An educator, attorney and remarkable trailblazer, she had a deep and lasting impact on the lives of so many others. Her work, her deeds and her values shine forward and prevail --- bold and clear." - BES
