National Agriculture Week should serve as a reminder to Congress that it’s past time to pass the full, five-year Farm Bill. Earlier this year, we reintroduced a Farm Bill from the last Congress that provides critical tools to deal uncertainty that farmers face. This year, I urge my colleagues in both chambers to move quickly for the sake of our farmers and ranchers. It’s time to get this done.
Cardin statement on senate passage of FY13 Continuing Resolution that funds the federal government through Sept. 30, 2013, the end of the current fiscal year:  “The good news is that the federal government will not shut down because the Senate failed to act; that is the result of passage of the Continuing Resolution passed today that funds the federal government for the remainder of FY13. The bad news is that keeping the government running came at a heavy price for Maryland, federal workers across the country, low-income Americans, as well as our schools, law enforcement and public health. It is a sad day when we are forced to choose between partisan gridlock and voting to allow furloughs for civilian defense employees, closing the door to Head Start programs for needy children, extending a pay freeze for federal workers into a full third year, and shuttering air traffic control towers that serve as magnets for commerce and jobs in local communities nationwide. Sequestration was supposed to be such an extreme measure that it motivated Democrats and Republicans to come together and find a reasonable path out of our fiscal mess. Based on my personal discussions with colleagues, I know that there were willing members on both sides of the aisle. However, such compromise was blocked at every turn by those whose sole agenda has been to take a hatchet to the federal government and the very hard working men and women who carry out its essential functions – protecting our borders, finding cures for disease, keeping our skies safe, supporting our military and veterans, and much more. There is a better way and we need to work together to find it.  “I am pleased that the Senate was able to give the Department of Defense and other agencies some degree of flexibility to allow for sequestration cuts to be more strategic and slightly less hurtful across-the-board. Hundreds of thousands of our military members also will be pleased that we voted to restore their tuition assistance, which had fallen victim to sequestration. Unfortunately, many others impacted by the harsh knife of sequestration were not so lucky. My hope is that we can now turn our attention quickly to the FY14 budget and use it to set real, thoughtful priorities for spending and revenue that will restore strategic investments in job-creating, economy boosting programs while also addressing our long-term deficit in a responsible and adult manner.”    http://www.cardin.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/cardin-statement-on-senate-passage-of-fy13-continuing-resolution
Below is an expert from an editorial  in the The Huffington Post inspired by Senator Cardin's recent Congressional Delegation Trip to The Middle East. During his trip he visited the Kilis Oncupinar  refugee camp on Turkish and Syrian border and observed first hand the ongoing humanitarian cirsis. 
 
 "The first response needed from the international community is to fully fund the UN appeal to provide humanitarian assistance to the people of Syria. To date, the United States has contributed nearly $385 million in humanitarian assistance for the Syrian people and approximately $115 million in nonlethal support to the Syrian Opposition Coalition. This funding also includes the $60 million in food rations and medical equipment recently announced by Secretary of State John Kerry that will be provided to both the Syrian Opposition Coalition and to the opposition's Supreme Military Council. "
 
 
 "Bashar Al Assad must go. The United Nations is investigating reports of 20 massacres in Syria, including three just since December. Assad is murdering his people and has lost all legitimacy. The international community must be united in its call for an end to the Assad regime and a transition to a peaceful, inclusive and democratic Syria. The more assistance that is provided to the Syrian Opposition Coalition, the sooner Assad will realize that his bloody grip on Syria is over and he will be held accountable under international law for his crimes."
 
 The Huffington Post has the full editorial.
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-benjamin-l-cardin/syria-drives-middle-east_b_2915187.html
State champs! Congrats to these students, and way to bring home the title to Smyrna!
I'm chairing a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing looking at our ongoing recovery efforts following Hurricane Sandy. As large scale disasters become more common, we need to make sure that officials are being held accountable for proper coordination and emergency management and that every disaster fund dollar is being spent wisely. Watch the hearing at the link below, and join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #Sandy.
[WASHINGTON, DC] U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on "The Future of Drones in America: Law Enforcement and Privacy Considerations."
This morning, Joe met with eighth grade students from Michigan City’s Notre Dame Catholic Grade School as they began their tour around our nation’s capital.
The Affordable Care Act turns 3 years old this week. Here’s how it benefits California:
An honor to meet Christopher Schauer, an EMT from Hettinger who was selected as a Star of Life by the American Ambulance Association
Check out my NCAA tournament bracket. I have my hometown team VCU going to the final four and Miami for the win. What are your picks?
I enjoyed talking with Virginians Lorena Rios, Lucero Soto Wiley, Dr. Jorge Ribas, and Jaime Barón about issues impacting Hispanic businesses, which are the fastest growing businesses in the country.
This morning I spoke with the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce about the strong contributions of the Latino business community and the work that needs to be done to reduce red tape for start-ups and eliminate roadblocks that make it difficult for minority-owned businesses to prosper and create jobs.
Heading to chair a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing to assess our policies and priorities on counterterrorism. Begins at 4. Watch live video here: http://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/counterterrorism-policies-and-priorities_addressing-the-evolving-threat
I want to extend my warmest wishes for a happy Nowruz to all those who mark the first day of spring. Here in the US, there are millions of Iranian-Americans who have maintained their cultural heritage and their Nowruz traditions. The community has made significant contributions to our country, enriching the fabric of American society. Let us wish our neighbors, friends, and constituents a fruitful new year.   I also want to take this opportunity to reaffirm the United States' commitment to supporting the Iranian people’s aspirations to live freely and to express themselves without fear of punishment. As chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I intend to work with my colleagues and the Administration to hold the Iranian government accountable not only on the nuclear program and support for terrorism, but also to ensure it meets its international human rights obligations.     Wishing everyone a happy spring. Eideh shoma mobarak.
Working across the aisle & across the Dome, the Senate has come together to prevent a government shutdown. The Senate bill protects national security while also meeting compelling human needs, investing in jobs today & jobs tomorrow. I look forward to swift action in the House so we can focus on a budget, cancel sequester & get back to regular order.
Big win for active duty military in just-passed CR: military tuition assistance restored. Had been gutted by sequester http://1.usa.gov/XZUJZr
Connecticut taxpayers have $13 million in unclaimed federal refunds from 2009. Be sure to claim what you're owed before Apr 15:
NA
Senator Manchin talked with the student musicians from the award-winning Shepherdstown Middle School jazz ensemble about the importance of music education.
Senator Manchin talking with the musicians from Shepherdstown Middle School jazz band. Today, they are celebrating music education in West Virginia.
For those communities and families in West Virginia and across America who have been devastated by the epidemic of prescription drug abuse, I am so proud to intruduce today the "Safe Prescribing Act of 2013."     http://1.usa.gov/ZvNpUl
NYers visiting Washington, DC should check out this great exhibit, including films, at the Library of Congress about Brooklyn's Danny Kaye and Sylvia Fine:
NA
Senator Shaheen, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Armed Services Committees, had this to say today in response to reports that chemical weapons have been utilized in Syria.   “The reports of chemical weapon use in Syria raise grave concerns over the security of this extremely unstable region and the safety of the people of Syria and our allies in the Middle East. There is no question that Syria holds significant chemical weapons stockpiles that present a serious security threat to the region and to the United States. While these reports are still officially unconfirmed, we must remain vigilant and stand ready to act with our allies and partners to ensure these dangerous weapons don’t fall into the hands of terrorists and that those involved in the use of chemical weapons are held accountable.”
It’s time to stand up and address veterans’ mental health issues and make sure more Montana veterans get the care they need.  Read more about my Veterans’ Affairs hearing by clicking below.
Congratulations to New Mexico's Sapphire Energy on their first refining partnership providing crude oil from the Green Crude Farm in Columbus! Why import foreign oil when we can create renewable algae jobs down here at home?
Really enjoyed meeting with Roger Williams University Law students today. These honor students asked some great questions about the Senate Judiciary Committee and I enjoyed hearing about their meeting with Justice Sotomayor, as well as the Supreme Court cases they sat in on this week.
These religious leaders, unlike Congress, are not sleepwalking through history.   Click LIKE if you agree that combating climate change is a moral imperative.
