My grandparents settled in Baltimore and made sure that their children received the best education – by enrolling them in the Baltimore City Public Schools.  My mother became a school teacher and my father became a lawyer and a judge.  I am a product of the Baltimore City public schools.  I owe so much to those years – including meeting my future wife in elementary school!  My wife, Myrna, went on to become a Baltimore County Public Schools teacher.    My favorite teacher was Ms. Eddie Brown at Garrison Jr. High. She taught English and made me see the deep and abiding importance of education at a young age.   So I, a grandchild of immigrants and a product of public schools, now serve in the United States Senate. Much of what I have achieved and in fact --what we all achieve is thanks in part to educators who invest themselves in their students. Teachers understand that the reward for hard work is often more hard work, and for that I thank them. Take a minute today to mention an educator who impacted you. #NationalTeacherDay
A historic day in Dover and across the First State – Delaware has become the 11th state to secure marriage equality. Any Delawarean should be free to marry the person they love and intend to share their life with, regardless of their sexual orientation. That's why I support marriage equality and am glad to see it become a reality in our state.
“Today’s vote was about dignity, respect, and basic human fairness for our neighbors. Every Delawarean deserves access to the full rights and responsibilities of marriage, no matter their sexual orientation. The passage of HB 75 ushers in a new era of equality in our state and marks an important moment in our state’s history. I am incredibly proud." - Senator Chris Coons
Today, Joe and Senator Dan Coats ran into students from Avon’s Kingsway Christian School. Joe’s office can help you reserve a Capitol tour.  Click here for more information. - http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/visiting
As we’re celebrating National Teacher Day, share with Joe a story about your favorite Indiana teacher who helped change your life.
Share this post with your friends. On National Teacher Day, let us all show our appreciation to all teachers, like Suzanne Whitton, Indiana’s 2013 Teacher of the Year, by thanking them for all they do in our schools every day.
I'm grateful to the dedicated teachers in California and across the country who are making a difference this National Teacher Day.
Earlier today, I participated in a committee hearing to discuss how accountable immigration reform will help grow the economy and create jobs. Watch the Q&A.
Watch 2013 Farm Bill markup here next Tuesday.
W/ The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards top youth North Dakota volunteers, Lyndsey Schuerer and Nicolette Cariveau. Keep up the great work!
NA
Special thank you on National Teacher Appreciation Day to all of the wonderful teachers I had growing up in North Dakota. Thank a teacher today!
I have been blessed with many great teachers.  Today I remember my first grade teacher Mrs. Hatley (Trailwood Elementary School, Overland Park, Kansas).  She held a contest to see who could read the most books in a year and wedded my innate competitive spirit to learning to read.  Soon enjoyment replaced the blue ribbon as my motivation and the joy of reading is as alive today as it was 50 years ago.
I thank my high school teacher Gail Harper for helping me overcome my fear of public speaking. 
 
 Join me in thanking our teachers today and always.
Had a good discussion today with Gates Foundation Co-Chair Bill Gates on the importance of international development & public private commitment to global health.
This week at Fort Meade, I helped break ground on the NSA's new high-tech computer center, which will help protect from cyber spies, terrorists and thugs. 
 
 Because of Maryland's incredible federal assets like the NSA, our dynamic private sector and iconic academic institutions, America's cyber defense starts in Maryland - making our country safer and Maryland's economy stronger.
The men and women of Naval Surface Warfare Center, Indian Head Division bring loyalty, honor, hard work and patriotism, true American values, to the job. I'm so proud to honor the Indian Head community, working day and night to keep us safe over here while protecting our troops over there.    Every day and in every way, they provide our fighting troops in uniform with the tools they need to keep us safe. I will continue to fight for the extraordinary workforce at Indian Head and their mission critical to our national security.
Congrats to CT's Alison Forger and Anna Murphy on winning Prudential Spirit of Community Awards! Making a difference for their communities
Sandy Hook teachers made ultimate sacrifice to protect their kids. Thinking of these heroes and those helping Sandy Hook heal today #teacherappreciationday #thankateacher
If you live near Moosup and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff during mobile office hours until 12:30pm at Aldrich Library today. And if you live near Willimantic, my casework staff will be at the Willimantic Public Library from 1:30pm-4pm. All are welcome to stop by
Today, Claire will chair her first Consumer Protection Subcommittee hearing on the accuracy and errors in credit reports and what that means for consumers. Claire will highlight one Nixa women’s years-long ordeal to get errors on her credit report fixed. You can watch the hearing live starting at 2:30pm ET/1:30pm CT, here: http://www.commerce.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Home
Check out my Tumblr for behind the scenes photos from today's interviews with CBS This Morning and Fox and Friends.  http://joemanchin.tumblr.com/
Congratulations to Jay Haapala of Elkview and Julian Harrington of West Union, who have been selected as West Virginia’s state honorees and the top two youth volunteers in the 18th annual Prudential Spirit of Community Award. I have always said that West Virginians are dedicated to neighbors helping neighbors and Jay and Julian have set extraordinary examples by serving others.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 44 – Nicholas County   Fact: Home to Carnifex Ferry, an important Civil War battle site  Recommendation: Great fishing, camping and boating opportunities at Summersville Lake  www.summersvillewv.org
NA
The Senate passed a budget months ago. I have repeatedly asked the House of Representatives to go to conference on it so that we can negotiate a unified budget. But Republicans refused again today. They are resorting to schoolyard bully tactics – they want to take the ball and go home unless we let them win. I will continue seeking a compromise with my Republican friends.
Senator Shaheen and staff wearing grey today as part of Breathe New Hampshire's efforts to promote healthy living and raise asthma awareness!
"Thank you to all the teachers in New Hampshire and across the country who commit day in and day out to bettering the lives of our young people. As a former school teacher, I understand that a quality education is key to creating a better and brighter future for our students and our country. On National Teacher Appreciation Day, we all offer sincere gratitude to our teachers for all they do.” – JS   If you have an influential teacher that you'd like to thank, click to "Like" and "Share".
Senator Shaheen this morning condemned the latest allegations of sexual misconduct in the military after it was reported yesterday that an Air Force sexual assault prevention officer was charged with sexual battery over the weekend.  "These latest allegations are disgusting and unacceptable,” Shaheen said. "We’ve seen one too many reports about sexual assault in the military and it’s time for the Pentagon to take action."
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today after voting against Internet sales tax legislation:    "I was disappointed the Senate passed such a misguided piece of legislation this afternoon and did so without giving the bill the comprehensive review that it deserved.  This internet sales tax bill would impose countless new burdens on small businesses and could stunt their ability to expand and create jobs," Shaheen said.  "We shouldn’t be imposing new and unnecessary burdens on New Hampshire small businesses, especially when there is no benefit for our state. This bill creates a bureaucratic nightmare by forcing New Hampshire small businesses to comply with 46 different state laws. This could result in serious economic consequences including audits, lawsuits, and a countless number of hours lost in productivity.    “I will continue to fight this policy because small businesses deserve our support, not more bureaucracy and red tape that impedes their ability to grow.”
Today is National Teacher Day! Thank you to the incredible teachers across Hawaii, including retired teacher Senator Akaka, who have helped shape our kids' futures. Take some time today to thank a teacher.
May is Mental Health Awareness Month.  Mental illness is a growing problem in Montana and across the country, and we must take better care of the folks who need our help the most.  If you or someone you know struggles with mental illness, visit the site below.
Bill Rich made tremendous sacrifices and earned medals fighting for his country, and it's our job to make sure his story doesn't fall through the cracks.
Today in an Appropriations subcommittee hearing, I asked Interior Department officials to justify the drastic mineral royalty sequester cuts that impact NM, and those to vulnerable Indian Country. As wildfire season begins, I want Western states to have the resources they need to prevent and respond to wildfire disasters.
Great to meet New Mexico's teacher of the year Pamela Cort, a French instructor from Las Cruces High School, during her visit to Washington. I'm thankful for the work of our teachers every day, especially on National Teacher Day. Congratulations Pamela!
Our teachers do so much more than just help kids learn in the classroom – they act as role models, mentors and supporters. Whether they teach in Indian Country, a 5A school, or a rural community, teachers in New Mexico work so hard in helping students reach their full potential. Today is National Teacher Day. Help me thank our teachers by liking and sharing this post with others and telling your favorite teacher how much they've meant to you.
One of my duties as U.S. Senator is nominating outstanding young people from New Mexico to our nation's military service academies. If you are a high school student or recent graduate who is interested in serving our country at an academy, I urge you to apply. If you are a parent or relative, please share this information with prospective applicants. You can learn more about the process by watching this video below, or joining my staff for our Military Service Academies Night Information Session at La Cueva High School Lecture Hall beginning at 6pm tonight.
Ending breast cancer has to be a bipartisan goal. I'm glad to say I've teamed up with GOP Senator Dean Heller to introduce a bill that would take important steps to help end this devastating disease. And today, I met with the incredible grassroots activists from RI's Breast Cancer Coalition to talk about next steps.
Thank you to all the servicemembers and their families who made my 4th Annual Veterans Breakfast and Resource Fair such an incredible event! I host these breakfasts to hear from you, so thank you for giving me that opportunity.    And if there's a question you didn't get to ask or if you'd like my office to assist you with an issue you may be having with a federal agency, please reach out to my office at whitehouse.senate.gov/contact.
Every day American law enforcement officials like these seven Special Agents put their lives on the line in order to keep America safe.  They perform their duties with honor and patriotism, and I admire them for their service to the nation… We are happy to have them back home and extremely proud of what they have accomplished.
While the Senate's been in session, Senator Warner's been traveling the Commonwealth on nights and weekends. Check out the video below to see what he's been up to.  (staff)
Great meeting with Virginia Breast Cancer Foundation today in DC to talk about breast cancer research - thanks for the cookie!
