Read my op-ed in the Huffington Post on how we can make sure that Congress pays its bills and avoids another self-inflicted wound to our economy:
This month is the 10th annual National Cyber Security Awareness Month. To many, cyberattacks seem like a thing of science fiction, but the threat is very real. This interactive Threatwatch map shows cyberattacks happening right now, here at home and around the world. Take a moment to check it out and see just how vulnerable the world’s cyber networks are: http://www.nextgov.com/cybersecurity/threatwatch/ and stay updated and informed on daily cyber threats.
The #SmallBREW Act would increase economic activity by $183.1 million in 2013 and $1.04 billion over five years.
This afternoon, Senator Joe Donnelly talked with Amos Brown - WTLC in Indianapolis.
Senator Joe Donnelly and Jim Shella spoke today about Donnelly's role in the bipartisan effort to end the shutdown. Tune into WISH-TV tonight for more.
Thank you to everyone who came out to Hettinger today.  We had a great turnout and talked about how the recent storm in southwestern North Dakota severely hurt our ranchers and showed all too clearly how the lack of a Farm Bill is hurting North Dakota, and how crucial a long-term Farm Bill is for our farmers, ranchers, and low-income families. As the debate continues on it, I will absolutely keep making sure North Dakota’s voice heard.
Moving Forward and Making Bipartisanship Work By Senator Heidi Heitkamp  For 16 days, Native families on North Dakota’s Indian reservations weren’t able to get help from the Bureau of Indian Affairs – leaving families hungry and without housing assistance they desperately need.  For 16 days, farmers throughout our state were unable to get crucial support from farm programs because the shuttered Department of Agriculture couldn’t respond to their requests.    For 16 days, small businesses across the state were unable to secure financing from the Small Business Administration, leaving the owners and their families – many of whom invested their life savings to start their businesses – in serious jeopardy.  The impacts of the federal government shutdown across North Dakota were very real and very damaging.  And taxpayers footed the bill, at the tune of $160 million per day.  It is ironic that some extremist Members of Congress, claiming to act in the name of fiscal responsibility, manufactured this crisis that Standard and Poor's estimates took $24 billion out of the economy.    I also hope this experience puts to bed the notion peddled by some Members of Congress that defaulting on our national debt would not cause us harm.  This is nonsense.  Every family in America knows that we must pay our bills to avoid digging a permanent financial hole.  If you don’t pay your mortgage or credit card bills, your credit rating will drop and you soon won’t be able to get a loan for your next car, home, or any other large purchase.     Likewise, if our country fails to pay its bills, its credit rating will drop, and we will all suffer the crippling consequences of rising interest rates, threats to retirements savings, and slower economic growth.  Every 1 point of increased interest payment on our debt accounts for $110 billion of additional federal government payments every year.  We can’t do that to our country.  The summer of 2011 was the last time the U.S. came close to default.  We didn’t go over the deadline at that time, but we came right up to it.  Even just coming close to the deadline had serious consequences.  The uncertainty and delays in raising the debt limit cost taxpayers about $1.3 billion in fiscal year 2011.  Despite the experiences from 2011, we just faced a similar situation again.  Though we’re fortunate that cooler heads eventually prevailed.   I’m proud to have been part of a group of 14 Senators – Republicans and Democrats – who recognized the need to put politics aside and worked together in a bipartisan fashion to reach a compromise.  We came up with a viable framework to reopen the government, allow the U.S. to pay its bills, and protect American families.  The plan we developed together paved the way for the bill the House and Senate eventually passed on October 16.   Throughout this debate, extremists tried to grab the loudspeaker, but there are rational, moderate Members who want to find solutions.  In this bipartisan group, we now have 14 of them – and I know there are more.  But our work has only just begun.  The compromise that ended the shutdown calls for the House and Senate to negotiate and reach a budget agreement by December 13.  This is a discussion we need to have.  I’m looking forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on a long-term and bipartisan solution that addresses our budget deficit while also spurring economic growth, creating jobs, and promoting innovation.  Everything must be on the table.  In the coming weeks, I’m also looking forward to working on other pressing issues, like passing a comprehensive Farm Bill and reducing flood insurance rates which recently went up for millions of American families.  These important issues, and many others, were unfortunately pushed to the wayside because of the government shutdown.  We can’t put ourselves in this situation again.  I hope that the many reckless Members who caused this pain on our economy and North Dakota families have learned their lesson.    Congress now has a chance to act responsibly.  It’s time to do the right thing and work together – Republicans and Democrats.  Simply put, it’s time to see some political courage.  We must prove that we are a Congress worthy of the American people.  I want to prove that we can live up to this challenge.
Today, I met with ranchers in Hettinger whose cattle herds were devastated by the recent severe storms.  The Farm Bill is supposed to make sure they get the assistance they need, particularly after natural disasters.  But because the Farm Bill expired on Sept. 30, those resources currently aren’t available.  This is just one of many reasons I’m pushing Congress to pass a comprehensive, long-term Farm Bill to give farmers, ranchers, and low-income families the certainty they deserve. And as Congress works to negotiate a budget, the Farm Bill would responsibly save $24 billion in federal funding by improving farm programs and making them more efficient, and support 16 million jobs.
Great editorial in the Grand Forks Herald today. I’m proud to have been a part of the bipartisan group of 14 Senators that paved the way for the bill the House and Senate eventually passed to the reopen the federal government, allow the U.S. to pay its bills, and begin budget negotiations. But we still have a lot of hard work ahead of us.
The key to the bipartisan agreement we passed last week is the instruction for the House and Senate to finally start a budget conference and work in earnest for two months to find a deal, something I’ve been calling for since March. Read my op-ed in today’s Virginian-Pilot on our opportunity to finally pass a budget:
Looking forward to hearing from people in Middletown tonight at my town hall meeting.  We'll start at 7pm at Common Councils Chamber (245 DeKoven Drive, Middletown CT)
In New London earlier today  to discuss LIHEAP funding. Thousands of CT families rely on it - must be preserved in budget talks.
At Normandale Head Start in NE Portland. The 40 empty chairs behind me represent the kids kicked off head start during the gov't shutdown.
Are you a West Virginian and interested in applying for a service academy nomination? Call our Charleston office at 304-342-5855 or visit my website as soon as possible. The deadline is November 1st.    http://1.usa.gov/1fhsoI9
The bill that Congress passed last week to reopen the government will help address the benefits claims backlog. As part of the bill, the VA will receive about $2.5 billion for its administrative and operational costs; $300 million more than last fiscal year.   I am working to urge the VA to reduce the serious backlog in claims at the Reno VA Regional Office, which handles claims for the entire state. The wait time for veterans in Nevada is significantly longer than the national average. And while there are multiple factors contributing to the number of claims entering the system, addressing the claims backlog must be a priority regardless of these factors.
Read more about the important agreement to ensure you have an opportunity to "opt-out" before stores track your movements using the wifi on your cell phone.
Senator Shaheen Tours New Hampshire to Promote Jobs, Economic Growth, and Energy Efficiency
Yesterday I was proud to visit the Shiprock community to follow up on an exciting broadband project that is helping bridge the digital divide on the Navajo Nation. I met with the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority (NTUA) and toured a state-of-the-art data center, which provides “cloud computing” services for area businesses. The Navajo Nation is leveraging a $32 million American Recovery and Reinvestment Act grant that I helped support to expand broadband Internet and create jobs and economic development across its land in New Mexico, Arizona and Utah.  
 
 Broadband Internet enables people to access education, health and job opportunities that were once out of reach. I'm proud to fight in the U.S. Senate for resources to expand broadband access in Indian Country and throughout New Mexico.
Touring the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority's new tier 3 data center and following up on a $32 million recovery grant to expand broadband Internet access throughout the Navajo Nation.
I was proud to join Interior Secretary Jewell today at the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) conference, where we discussed Rhode Island's leadership on offshore wind production, and how this industry can help boost our economy and preserve our environment for generations to come.  #ActOnClimate
