Yesterday was another great day of getting out the vote in Wisconsin! Tammy visited with & thanked volunteers in Platteville, Beloit, and Janesville -- and made calls, too!
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! The one with the most likes on November 7 will be used as our cover photo until the end of the year. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
Joe’s relocated Indianapolis office officially opened today at 115 N. Pennsylvania Street, Suite 100. “This isn’t my office—this is every Hoosier’s office. It’s our hope that this new location will be able to even better serve the people of central Indiana and our entire state.” –Joe  http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-opens-new-indianapolis-office
November is American #DiabetesMonth. Learn how you can make small changes in your diet/exercise habits to #StopDiabetes at http://diabetesforecast.org/adm.
Toured the New Mexico Spatiotemporal Modeling Center and Brain and Behavioral Health Institute at the University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center today where they're doing great work to advance brain and behavioral health research.
Our Native American tribes have enriched our culture, our history, and make valuable contributions to the country. #NAHM2014
Our economy and our workforce are stronger when we reward an honest day's work with fair wages. And when workers succeed, New Mexico families succeed.
Cankdeska Cikana Community College will receive almost $4.5 in federal loans for a Head Start facility, and United Tribes Technical College, Sitting Bull College, Fort Berthold Community College, Cankdeska Cikana Community College and Turtle Mountain Community College will together receive more than $726,000 in federal funding to complete on-campus renovation and construction projects. I’ll keep fighting for educational opportunities and funding for our Native children and for our Head Start programs – because our community of tomorrow starts with a commitment to our kids today.
NA
Tomorrow is Election Day, so don’t forget to vote! To find your polling place or see a sample ballot, visit: https://vic.sos.ri.gov/vic/
Today we say goodbye to one of Boston's greatest fighters, Mayor Tom Menino. To share your thoughts, prayers, and memories with Mayor Menino's family, please visit TomMenino.org: http://tommenino.org/photo-gallery/#respond
NA
