We can all agree the government needs to be smarter about how it spends taxpayer dollars. That's why Rob Portman (R-OH) and I wrote a bipartisan bill to help improve federal job training programs. It allows state and local governments to direct job-training dollars toward innovative new pay-for-success models that reward results and meet the needs of employers. We have a skills gap that's hurting workers and employers alike. It's holding our economy back. If we're going to remain competitive in the 21st century, we need job training services that are continually improving and preparing workers for the jobs that need to be filled.
Under existing law, American businesses can deduct the cost of moving personnel and other business components to other countries when filing their taxes. The #BringJobsHome Act (S. 2562) closes that tax loophole—it would change the law so that moving jobs or other business components overseas would not qualify for this deduction, ending subsidies for companies that move jobs overseas.   We should be exporting American products not American jobs. It’s time to #BringJobsHome to Connecticut. Share this.
Tomorrow (2PM EST) I am teaming up with Senator Rand Paul to host a bipartisan briefing on voting rights restoration. Senator Paul and I may not agree on everything but we both know that the right to vote is the most basic right of citizenship.    Regaining the right to vote reintegrates individuals with criminal convictions into free society, helping to enhance public safety and encourage rehabilitation.  The lack of a uniform standard for voting in Federal elections leads to an unfair disparity and unequal participation in Federal elections, and state disenfranchisement laws disproportionately impact racial and ethnic minorities.    Witnesses include:  ACLU Nationwide, Brennan Center for Justice at NYU Law, Bernard Kerik, Crossroad Bible Institute, American Probation and Parole Association & Florida Rights Restoration Coalition.   (Live streaming available at 2PM Tuesday)    
Will be speaking on the Senate floor about the need to address #AntiSemitism, #Racism and #Discrimination in the #OSCE Region.   Watch Live Here.  http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2  I will also be chairing a U.S. Helsinki Commission hearing on the topic tomorrow at 10AM EST. 
The White House took an important step towards defending 11 million #LGBT Americans from workplace discrimination. This #EO establishes basic protections and rules that that most #Fortune500 companies already follow and ensures federal contractors recruit the most skilled workers for the job.  Every American deserves to be judged on the quality and value of their work and not their gender identity or who they love. Proud to join U.S. Senate Democrats in fighting for a #FairShot for all Americans.
Last Friday I had the chance to visit Frederick Prosperity Center to discuss state, local and federal initiatives to ensure that all Americans have a fair shot at achieving and maintaining economic success. The Prosperity Center is a collaborative of social service organizations, local financial institutions and others committed to providing residents of Frederick access to the tools they need to establish financial stability.  There should be no such thing as the ‘working poor’ in America. If you work hard and play by the rules, you should not have to worry about putting food on the table or keeping a roof over your head.  After speaking with the Marylanders on the front lines of the effort to close the wealth gap in America, it's clear that Congress must act. There has never been a better time to pass an increased federal minimum wage, paycheck fairness, tax and immigration reform as well as other commonsense pieces of legislation to give Americans future and present a fair shot at success.  More: http://www.unitedwayfrederick.org/prosperity
Employees should always be judged by the quality of the work they do and nothing more. Today’s executive action, which only applies to federal contractors, will ensure that even more American workers across the country can’t be fired simply because of their sexual orientation. 
Each year at the State Fair, I stop by the DE Farm Bureau stand to buy a delicious milkshake and this year was no exception. If you’re going to the fair, grab a milkshake and then head over to my booth and enter to win a flag that has flown over the United States Capitol. Winners drawn nightly!
Going to the State Fair this week? We hope you'll come see us in the Delaware Building!
They’re going out of business, but that hasn’t stopped for-profit Corinthian Colleges Inc. from aggressively targeting veterans and servicemembers who too often don’t receive the quality of education they deserve from these schools and become buried in student loan debt. We can’t let this continue.http://www.marinecorpstimes.com/article/20140718/EDU/307180061/Colleges-sale-they-continue-recruit-bases
The White House took an important step to protect LGBT federal contractors from discrimination in the workplace today. I applaud the decision. Workers should be judged on their work, not sexual orientation or gender identity.
WATCH: Three Evansville area interns in Joe’s Washington, D.C. office are featured in this Eyewitness News Local WEHT WTVW story on what it’s like to intern in D.C. Learn more about Senator Donnelly’s internship program at http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/student-resources/internships.
It was great to meet so many promising young Hoosier leaders at the Culver Academies summer session parade this weekend.
If you missed it, I appeared on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports this afternoon, to discuss the situation in Ukraine: 
On CNN's State of the Union, I made it clear that those responsible for the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 must be held to account. Watch here:
About to go live w/ @EspuelasVox to discuss the Central American refugee crisis.
Militarizing our southern border is not the answer to addressing this Central American #RefugeeCrisis.  
A step forward in the fight for equality. All employees should be judged on the quality of their work, not on who they are or who they love. 
Talked with the Jacobsons and Schroeders from Williston today. Glad they took a break from their busy vacation schedule to stop in.
The Coalition of Indian Housing Authorities of North Dakota will receive more than $175,000 in federal funds to establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance for small and emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near reservations in North Dakota. These funds are important to make sure Native American reservations and the communities which surround them have good-paying jobs and strong local economies. 
In March, I urged the President to sign an executive order banning federal contractors from discriminating in the workplace based on sexual orientation or gender identity. The President’s action today will protect millions of workers from the threat of discrimination because of who they are or who they love and is an important step to show that anti-LGBT discrimination will not be tolerated.
Loved throwing out the first pitch at Friday's Salem Red Sox game!
WorkForce West Virginia is hosting an informational meeting for coal miners who have lost their jobs tomorrow at 1 p.m. at the Madison Civic Center. This is a great opportunity to get the right information  to find job openings and to develop the skillsets necessary to fill those open positions.  http://wvmetronews.com/2014/07/08/coal-mining-retraining-recruitment-efforts-continue/
We know that there will be more job opportunities to help build submarines at Quonset.  We need to make sure that the Rhode Island workforce is ready to fill those jobs.    So I was proud to join New England Institute of Technology President Richard Gouse, local shipbuilding and manufacturing employers, and other elected officials today to launch a new Shipbuilding/Marine and Advanced Manufacturing Institute (SAMI).  SAMI was developed in partnership with Rhode Island employers who have a demand for skilled manufacturing and shipbuilding workers including machinists and welders.
I'm cosponsoring the #BringJobsHome Act to help bring jobs home to Rhode Island and give all U.S. workers a #fairshot.    This bill provides a tax credit for companies that bring production and jobs back stateside, and closes a loophole that currently allows companies to deduct moving costs when they ship jobs overseas.  We should be exporting American products, not American jobs.
This humanitarian crisis on our border has to do with thousands of migrants, mainly children, who have fled to our border to escape the growing violence in Central America. It has nothing to do with DREAMers, children who have lived most of their lives as Americans.   Yet Republicans would have us believe the two are inseparably linked. That is complete and utter nonsense.   Congress must act now, and give the Administration the funding it needs to temporarily house and feed these boys and girls, and reinforce the infrastructure to process thousands of asylum and deportation hearings.  
Senator Shaheen met with Robert McDonald, the President’s nominee to serve as Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), earlier today where she reiterated her call for sweeping reforms at the VA in order to address the recent mismanagement scandal.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1qxaiaR
Montanans use Duck Stamps as hunting licenses and the proceeds go to preserving some of our best places to hunt.  I introduced a bipartisan bill to make sure Duck Stamps keep up with the times so Montana outdoorsmen and women can continue to enjoy our treasured outdoor traditions. 
Our veterans sacrificed for us without hesitation. They deserve nothing less than the best health care we can provide, Click below for an update on how I'm working for New Mexico's veterans.
Over the weekend, I met with workers and community leaders in Questa who are being affected by the Chevron mine closure. I was glad to hear from them directly, and to have a good conversation about how I can partner with the community to help workers and support the development of a post-mine economy in Questa. I'm working with local and federal partners to offer all the assistance we can, from employment training to strategies for locating new industries in the region.
Our veterans deserve our respect and recognition for their sacrifice.  That's why today I was honored to present long overdue awards to a Rhode Island veteran and member of our Greatest Generation.  Thanks to Mr. Anthony D’Abrosca for his service, and congratulations to him and the entire D’Abrosca family.
Eye opening: only 5% of campus assault victims report attack, many colleges lack trained & coordinated response: 1.usa.gov/1p7t0C3. Working with my colleagues on bipartisan improvements.
Three years since the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau opened its doors, the agency is already making a difference for families who have been cheated by credit card companies, mortgage lenders, and other financial institutions. Read more from the Springfield Republican about how the CFPB is helping people in Massachusetts and across the country: 
