According to the Alliance for Retired Americans, Tammy’s voting record on seniors issues is 100% favorable!
It was great to see Mayor Julian Castro this weekend at the Wisconsin State Convention!
50 years ago JFK signed Equal Pay Act. We still have work to do. Like and share if you stand with Tammy in the fight to close the wage gap and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.
In the last few weeks I've had the opportunity to visite Galvanize, a business incubator in Denver, and hear from entrepreneurs about the important economic benefits of our conservation efforts.  Read more in the Daily Camera about Colorado’s great outdoors attracting new businesses and talent to the state.
Women performing the same work as men deserve to be paid the same wages. In Pennsylvania and across the country, families depend on women’s salaries. The pay gap harms those families and limits our nation’s economic growth.  Despite the support of the majority of the Senate, the Paycheck Fairness Act failed to pass last year. I will continue to fight for the Paycheck Fairness Act to begin to close the pay gap in Pennsylvania where women make only 77 cents for every dollar a man makes. This gap hits middle class families in the pocketbook and hurts our economy.
Read Joe’s statement about why he voted in favor of the bipartisan farm bill.
After sweeping Florida State in a best of three series, Indiana Hoosiers Baseball Team have reached the College World Series for the first time in school history. Congrats on this achievement, Hoosiers, and good luck in Omaha. –Joe
Scientific evidence continues to mount that BPA exposure is a risk to human health, especially for children. Therefore, it is essential that consumers know what chemicals are in the products they purchase.
The “One Million Bones” project on display on the National Mall is grabbing headlines and raising awareness of ongoing genocides and mass atrocities across the world. The massive art installation is the brainchild of artist Naomi Natale from Albuquerque. Local Poet Laureate Hakim Bellamy puts it perfectly in his poem “For One Million Bones,” which he delivered at the installation in Washington yesterday, he said “killing any one of us, kills us all”
Today was a great day for North Dakota agriculture. The Senate passed the Farm Bill 66-27. Now is the time for the House to act.
Will be on KFYR Radio in a few minutes to discuss the importance of the 2013 Farm Bill. Listen live:
I am supporting a bipartisan proposal to expand the federal government’s fuel sources. In North Dakota we believe in an all-of-the-above energy policy as a means of achieving North American energy independence and energy security.
50 years ago today, Bloody Monday marked the most violent day for the civil rights movement in the Commonwealth.  Today we remember the bravery of the protesters who peacefully marched to the Danville Municipal Building to protest segregation. While we celebrate the tremendous progress made since the civil rights movement, let’s renew our shared commitment to equal opportunity for all.
On the 50th anniversary of the Equal Pay Act, we still have work to do to ensure equal pay for equal work. Women in Virginia are paid 78 cents for every dollar paid to men, which jeopardizes the economic security of women and their families. I’m proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act to close loopholes in the Equal Pay Act, strengthen workplace protections and help end wage discrimination.
This week, the full Senate begins debate on our immigration reform bill. We’re closer than ever before to passing a common-sense, bipartisan solution, but there’s still tough work ahead.     There’s no better way to illustrate why fixing our broken immigration system matters than by sharing the stories and experiences of real people. Here’s mine. If you want to share your story, click here and tell me why immigration reform matters to you or someone you know www.menendez.senate.gov/immigration-stories
I just supported I [heart] Equal Pay! by adding a badge to my profile picture. Please show your support too! http://twb.ly/1825SiK
Join me at 6:45pm for a Google Hangout -- watch live here:
Spent the morning in Milford, Norwalk, Darien and Greenwich. Had a chance to catch up with some old friends (I'm looking at you, Chaz and AJ), and meet with folks about housing issues and the impact of the sequester on kids in Head Start.
Americans deserve to know how our government is interpreting the PATRIOT Act and the FISA Amendments Act. An open, democratic society like ours should not be governed by secret interpretations of laws. Very pleased the New York Times has signed on to our efforts to end secret law.
I could not be more proud of Cooper Blair, a young West Virginian from Marshall County.  This aspiring track star competed in the Endeavor Games over the weekend in Oklahoma and returned to West Virginia with four gold medals. Congratulations, Cooper. You are an inspiration to us all. 
 
 Please click on the link to watch WTRF's story on Cooper. 
 http://bit.ly/11CEWkE
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 10 - Harrison  Fact: Clarksburg is the site of the first U.S. judicial district west of the Alleghenies, established in 1819  Tourism: Labor Day weekend, visit the 35th annual West Virginia Italian Heritage Festival. http://www.wvihf.com/
I am proud of the advances our state has made toward ensuring equality and dignity for all Nevadans.
Model students like Anna -- an undocumented immigrant brought to the U.S. by her parents -- shouldn't live in constant fear of being deported.  Anna, 23, was brought here in the second grade. Today, she's a nursing student who worries about having to start over.  A permanent, common-sense solution to our dysfunctional immigration system in sight:
Senator Shaheen and Judd Gregg routinely crossed party lines to work together for New Hampshire during their time together in the Senate, and they continue to work together to protect the natural resources and scenic beauty of the Granite State. Click below to read their Op-Ed in the The Concord Monitor where they called for the state to protect the Connecticut Headwaters from the potential threat of power transmission towers.
On the 50th anniversary of Equal Pay Day, we must reaffirm our commitment to equal pay and equal rights for women across the country. As long as millions of American women continue to earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men, there is clearly much work to be done. This isn't just an womens issue, but one that affects our entire economy - and when women aren't paid what they deserve, we all pay the price. We can and must do better.
NA
We need a comprehensive policy approach on immigration in order to enact reasonable reforms for agricultural workers, for the 11 million undocumented immigrants already here, and for the millions of children called Dreamers who have only ever known the U.S. as home.
Today marks 50 years since President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, but women still earn only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.  It’s time to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to help close the wage gap and end pay inequality. Read my op-ed on the Springfield Republican’s website today.
