We had more than 40 immigration advocacy organizations and community leaders across New Mexico participate in our teleconference today to discuss the pressing need to pass accountable immigration reform. THANK YOU! http://1.usa.gov/ZoFPe0
Example of EPA overreach. We need to encourage innovation in the coal industry & development of American energy
Friends in North Dakota: Please be safe out there. Check out this site for road info:
Hey folks – I wanted to give you a look at what I’ve been up to over my first couple months in the Senate. I’ll use this page to give you updates on the work I’m doing in Washington, as well as the places I go and the people I meet across Virginia. Please share this page with your friends!
Sandy victims who had storm-related damages in New Jersey have just two weeks left to register with FEMA. Federal disaster assistance applications are due by Monday, April 1. Survivors can register online and check on the status of their applications at www.DisasterAssistance.gov  April 1 is also the deadline to return applications to the U.S. Small Business Administration for low-interest disaster loans, which is the primary source of federal funds for long-term rebuilding. Survivors can apply for an SBA disaster home or business loans by filling out an online application at www.DisasterLoan.SBA.gov/ela
Larry Simns courageously stood sentry for the watermen of the Chesapeake Bay for over 40 years. Today I spoke on the Senate floor on his legacy he leaves behind following his passing.
Today I visited NASA Goddard, home to leaders in Maryland’s space and innovation economies making discoveries that not only win Nobel Prizes, but create new products and jobs. I want to cancel the sequester and come up with a balanced solution with smart reforms to the tax code and mandatory spending while making strategic targeted cuts. It’s time for Congress to act with the fierce urgency of now and put an end to the politics of brinkmanship, shutdown, showdown, slamdown and avert a government shutdown.
ICYMI, A must read editorial in Friday’s Washington Missourian:   “Women have a place in our military. They need to be afforded protection from sexual assault. The Pentagon should review the actions by the Air Force general. If the authority provisions need to be changed, so be it. It is wrong for the military to shove this matter under the table by not doing anything.”  Editorial here: http://www.emissourian.com/opinion/editorials/article_5782b366-8da4-11e2-baa0-001a4bcf887a.html
As the 3rd anniversary of Obamacare approaches, here’s some examples of how Nevada is benefiting from the law we passed:  - 615,000 Nevadans received critical preventive health services, like cancer screenings, in 2011 and 2012.  - 166,815 Nevadans with traditional Medicare used one or more free preventive service in 2012. - 46,590 Nevadans with private insurance coverage will receive an average rebate of $180 per family. - 1,373 previously uninsured residents of Nevada who have pre-existing conditions are now insured through a new Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan.  Happy Anniversary!
“Equality and freedom are at the core of who we are as Americans, and that means freedom for all of us, not just some of us. I am proud to see Hillary Clinton affirm her support today for the freedom to marry and stand up for the rights of all Americans, gay and straight.” - JS
