From #Russia to #Ukraine to #Venezuela #Uganda & beyond- Global #Magnitsky holds #HumanRights violators accountable http://goo.gl/NYSgvm
Today, President Obama proclaimed March 2014 as American Red Cross Month.  Our Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs partners with the American Red Cross to make sure they have the support and resources they need to help prepare and respond to emergencies.  I invite you all to take some time this month to show your gratitude to all Red Cross volunteers, and to find out how you can become involved with the Red Cross’ efforts in your area.  Last spring, I visited the Red Cross’ Disaster Operations Center to discuss how Congress and federal agencies work with the Red Cross in the wake of disasters.
I had the pleasure of meeting two bright young Delawareans from Concord HS today, Christian Orellana & Domenic Lutz, who created a device that streamlines efficiency while keeping jobs for the disabled by assisting those with dexterity and motor skills issues package magnets cleanly
NA
As Pennsylvania deals with a heroin and prescription drug abuse crisis, I will push for passage of legislation that would put a new, robust federal plan in place to combat prescription drug abuse.
Disappointing to see Senate Republicans block a good bill to expand health care, education, and job-training programs for our veterans. They deserve better. Here's what the bill would have done.
Sending all my best to South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg today as he leaves to begin preparations for his deployment to Afghanistan. I pray that he stays safe as he bravely serves our country. –Joe 
After being recognized last night by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention for his leadership on working to prevent military suicide, Senator Donnelly pledged to continue his efforts to strengthen mental health protections for servicemembers and veterans. Donnelly said, “We have a lot of work to do to get our servicemembers and veterans who are struggling with mental health issues the help they need before they resort to taking their own life. I’m thankful for the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention’s dedication to our servicemembers and for their tireless efforts to bring attention to the pressing and difficult issue of military suicide prevention.”
Today I brought Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy to provide North Dakotans an opportunity to voice their concerns directly with the nation’s top environmental regulator, whose decisions frequently have major impacts on the state. With the help of many hardworking North Dakotans, who depend on coal for their jobs or to keep the lights and heat on for their families, we made a strong case to Administrator McCarthy that coal is critically important to Americans. Our state is paving the way in energy development, and I appreciate Administrator McCarthy heeding my requests to come visit and taking the time to let me show her around. 
My statement on the formation of a new government in #Ukraine: 
Catch Claire on NBC's Meet the Press this Sunday, March 2 discussing the Pentagon's proposed budget and troop reductions with fellow Armed Services Committee Member Senator Saxby Chambliss. The show airs at both 9am ET and CT. Check local listings for additional information. 
NA
Beautiful day in NY & the preservation work on General Sherman near #CentralPark shines brightly
While 97% of Americans look online for local products and services, 68% of Hawaii businesses do not have a website. Senator Schatz and Google are hosting a workshop to help change that.  Join Senator Schatz at Hawaii Get Your Business Online on Wednesday, March 19. Google experts will be on-hand to help show Maui businesses how to get their business online and growing. #GYBO  Register today: http://www.gybo.com/hawaii/ 
Senator John Walsh today backed the North Fork Watershed Protection Act, joining me and the thousands of Montanans working to protect one of the world’s best outdoor places.  Join me in thanking Senator Walsh for standing up for Montana’s outdoors and our way of life.
Great new video promoting Richmond's beer and food scene. Proud to be a member of the Small Brewer's Caucus: Virginia beer means Virginia jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1dJ1nYe
