Tammy calls on #WI to create a better environment for entrepreneurship.
Have you seen Tammy on her #MadeInWI tour? Share your photos and stories.
Watch me LIVE in 3 minutes on HuffPost Live, where I'll be joining Piper Kerman to condemn the transfer of female prisoners, most in jail for non-violent crimes, away from their families, children, and communities in Danbury, Connecticut. Watch live here: http://huff.lv/127D8k0
NA
Pushing for passage of legislation that would cut taxes for small breweries in Pittsburgh and across the country.
Delawareans deserve a full and informed debate about our nation’s intelligence-gathering procedures and their intrusion on our privacy rights.
TOMORROW, join Senator Donnelly's office for a #JobSeeker Workshop in Indianapolis.
I wanted you to be the first to know that I just launched my new online office. My new website gives you a convenient way to connect with me, no matter where you are. With the click of a button, you can request assistance and share your opinion on key issues facing New Mexico and the nation. Let me know what you think!
Great discussion at Valley City State University about making college more affordable and legislation I voted for that allows students to take advantage of historically low interest rates. Providing long-term certainty for students is only the beginning of my efforts to improve our higher education system.
I appreciate hearing from so many North Dakotans about their ideas on how to address our state's housing crisis at my housing summit in Mandan this morning.  This problem is evident all across our state, which makes the resources provided by the North Dakota Housing Finance Agency invaluable - find these resources at:  http://www.ndhfa.org/default.asp?nMenu=01001. Here are more details on today's housing summit: http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6b04fde3-0c0a-4518-9e39-7a7d4dc2ce01
Thanks to everyone who made it to the open house at my office in Roanoke. Loved seeing old friends & new faces
At Fishburne Military School I talked with cadets about the future of the military and described how my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, will increase employment opportunities for servicemembers when they transition from active-duty service. I also watched cadets tackle a one rope bridge and rappel down a building – very impressive!
Great morning at the Rockingham County Fair! Bummed I will miss the Old Crow Medicine Show concert tonight!
Spoke with teachers and administrators at the school year opening at Harrisonburg High School about the importance of investing in education and preparing students to succeed in a 21st century economy.
Saw this picture of Atlantic City's beach in 1961; the enjoyment on the shore never gets old: http://on.natgeo.com/18JuQAD 
 
 Hope you're enjoying the Jersey shore this summer – today & tomorrow look like they’ll be nice days on the South Jersey shore.
Huge news out of the Pentagon today. Proud of Secretary Hagel for taking this step. #equality
A little #ThrowBackThursday photo for you. Can you spot Claire in this  Mizzou Law School photo? Just a short time later she would go on to become an assistant prosecutor in Kansas City, and later the first woman to serve as Jackson County Prosecutor.
Pleased to speak this morning with the students at Nitro High School about jobs, student loans and the state of our economy. 
 Wishing all West Virginia students success as they begin a new school year.
We should not tolerate discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in Russia, at the Sochi Olympics, or anywhere else for that matter.
Congratulations to Elmont Memorial High School's Model UN on being named the best small delegation at the Model UN summit in Beijing, China. Great meeting you today!
Great read about legendary @UAlbany football coach Bob Ford on announcing his impending retirement after 43 yrs of leading the #purplefam #greatdanes Congrats!  http://www.timesunion.com/sports/article/UAlbany-coach-Ford-retiring-after-season-4728243.php
Today Senator Shaheen visited New Hampshire State Fishing Pier to meet with representatives from New Hampshire Community Seafood and local fishermen where she discussed her efforts to protect the state’s fishing industry.
 
 “Fishing is one our state’s oldest industries and today remains a critical driver of our economy. We have to make sure the industry remains strong and viable, particularly during these difficult times,” said Shaheen.  “The disaster relief I’m working to secure is critical to the fishing industry’s future and I hope the Senate passes it as quickly as possible.” Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/19vZK3k
Kudos to the Amarillo VA Health Care System for its work to end veteran homelessness. Great to see how the HUD-VASH vouchers can make a real difference in the lives of our veterans. 
Yesterday I paid a visit to the Clovis CBOC where I visited with Andrew Welch, director of the Amarillo VA Health Care System, and Commissioner Sandra Taylor-Sawyer about veterans’ care. There I got to see telehealth in action, which allows the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to provide veterans’ with services like skin screenings in their own communities. Expanding these types of health care offerings has huge potential to improve our veterans’ care and reduce costs.
Happy 78th Anniversary, Social Security! As a founding member of the Senate's Defend Social Security Caucus, I'm proud to stand up for the benefits Rhode Island seniors have earned.
