There are many compelling reasons to raise the minimum wage. The American people overwhelmingly support it. But yesterday, a minority of senators voted to block our ability to even so much as consider this bill. These senators don’t even want to let us have a debate about this bill, much less pass it. Please read this Tumblr post and sign the petition to raise the minimum wage.
I’ve long admired Gabby Giffords for her strength during recovery from a debilitating and tragic event and for continuing her incredible work to make real change for others affected by gun violence.  I met with Gabby today in my office, along with Senator Dick Durbin, Sen. Christopher Murphy, and members of Americans for Responsible Solutions. Together, we’re working to introduce a bill that will tighten gun restrictions on domestic abusers under court order. Current federal gun restrictions are not enough.
#TBT from 1978, during my days as US Attorney for Connecticut. http://instagram.com/p/ndOJsdGqN-/
This month, two upstanding Connecticut residents visited Senator Blumenthal’s office: Julie Chu helped bring home an Olympic silver medal for the U.S. Women’s Hockey team, and Albert Sackey earned the 2014 Connecticut Assistant Principal of the Year award.   Congrats to Julie and Albert: both of these awards show hard work, and great dedication to honorable crafts. You've made Connecticut proud.
2014 Color of Wealth Summit Presented by The Center for Global Policy Solutions.  Live webcast of the summit starts on Thursday, May 1, at 8:45 a.m. EDT!  "For every dollar in wealth held by the typical white family in 2009, the typical Latino and African-American families only own six and five cents respectively. Lost in the conversation about inequality in America has been the fact that racial and ethnic wealth inequality is more stark, has a devastating impact on households of color, and, if left unchecked, will have profound implications for the U.S. economy as the nation’s demographics shift over the next few decades.  The summit seeks to engage Members of Congress, Congressional staff, the media, and the public in a dialogue about the racial wealth gap, its effect on marginalized households, its impact on the U.S. economy, and solutions for closing the gap."    Speakers include Nancy Pelosi Representative Marcia L. FudgeRepresentative Elijah E. Cummings Barbara Lee Gwen S. Moore U.S. Rep. Tony Cárdenas Judy Chu and more.   Summit National Partners: NAACP The National Urban League National Council of La Raza First Peoples Worldwide Center for Responsible Lending New American Foundation and more.   
Americans deserve a #fairshot at making ends meet and supporting their family, not yet another procedural #filibuster. I am disappointed that we were blocked from even debating a measure that would help our economy and 28 million hard-working Americans making the minimum wage. If you work 40 hours a week, there is not a state in this country where you can find affordable housing. You cannot support your family on the minimum wage in 2014 in the United States of America. I find that unacceptable. Maryland and other states have taken a step forward to raise the minimum wage on their own. It’s time for the federal government to stand up for workers all across this country. History has shown that when we previously raised the minimum wage, our economy as whole grew stronger. It’s time we give a raise to American workers and their families.
The late rush of enrollment now means 8,019,763 Americans are enrolled in the Affordable Care Act, including 18,614 First Staters! Improved, affordable health coverage for all is working, and it will only get better as more Americans and Delawareans enroll next year.
It’s Bike Month and I’m proud to report Delaware once again received national recognition as the most bike-friendly state on the East Coast and moved up from #5 to #4 in the entire nation. Look out Washington!
My Senate colleagues and I held a very productive discussion with freight experts from the private and public sectors that will be invaluable to us as we work to find a bipartisan agreement that will pay for transportation legislation that will help these businessmen and women contribute to our economic success.  You can hear more about it here- http://bit.ly/1mhoBd9
The court has exposed so called Voter ID for what it really is: a scheme that could prevent thousands of Pennsylvanians from exercising their right to vote. Implementing Voter ID would prevent tens of thousands of Pennsylvanians from exercising their right to vote, including elderly Pennsylvanians who’ve fought in our wars and worked to make our country safe. It’s time for these appeals to end.
On this day 131 years ago, the Philadelphia Quakers, what we now call the Philadelphia Phillies, played their first game. #TBT http://instagram.com/p/ndMkuimCDl/
“Today’s Supreme Court, rather than strengthen speech, has weakened it for the millions of Americans who can’t afford to play in this new system.”
“If we invest in American innovation, plain and simple, then we are investing in our future”  
This week I spoke on the Senate Floor to recognize World Immunization Week and the breakthrough research of Dr. Jonas Salk, who discovered the polio vaccine. Federal funding for innovative research, like Salk’s, has to be a national priority. Over the past decade, budget cuts have caused a sharp decline in investments in biomedical research.  In order to reverse that trend, I’ve introduced the American Cures Act. Let’s ensure America remains the world world’s leader in cutting edge biomedical research.   http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=fac61d26-4638-4cbe-9671-d917edd3970b
Senator Donnelly welcomed the introduction of the Skills Gap Strategy Act of 2014 in the House of Representatives today. The legislation is identical to the bipartisan bill Donnelly introduced with Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) in the Senate in October 2013 that would help employers identify, train, and hire workers with the skills to fill existing job openings in Indiana and across the country. “For every American who wants a job to have a job and for our economy to continue growing, we must train workers for the jobs that are available today,” Donnelly said.
Senator Donnelly today announced his support for new bipartisan legislation that would enable Congress to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, ending the long delay. Donnelly said, “This legislation is simple: If Congress passes legislation to green-light the Keystone XL pipeline, this project will move ahead. I have long been a strong supporter of constructing the Keystone XL pipeline and will continue to push for its approval because of its potential to create jobs and improve our energy and national security.”
More than 1.4 million Californians signed up for new health insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Check out your options on Covered California's website.
Last week I toured the Catwalk National Recreation Area to discuss the damage caused by severe flooding last year and the work the Gila and U.S. Department of Transportation are doing to restore the Catwalk trail to ensure it is safe for visitors to use again. Senator Tom Udall and I have been urging for the quick approval of the requested restoration funding, given the area's key role in the local economy and tourism industry. I'm pleased to announce that those funds have been approved. 
Today I chaired a Senate Agriculture Subcommittee hearing that highlighted challenges as well as proven tactics for sparking economic development in rural America. Growing up in a very small community, I have a keen understanding of how challenging it is to build and maintain economic opportunities in rural communities. I also brought out Dawn Keeley from Grafton who spoke about how good regional strategies can help solve local issues while also preparing communities for growth. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b14be14a-1f49-4654-8709-c355c4bd87b9
We continue to hear delay, delay, delay from the Administration about the Keystone XL pipeline. I’m beyond sick of it. Today, I helped introduce a strong, bipartisan bill that would fully approve construction of this project. I'm proud to have recruited support from 10 other Democrats last month for the pipeline. And now, all of those Democrats also signed onto today’s bill – which is the largest number of Democrats to sign onto legislation supporting full approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. If the Administration isn’t going to make a decision on this project after more than five years, then we’ll make it for them.  End of story. 
ICYMI: Earlier I joined the folks at Morning Joe to talk about yesterday's minimum wage vote. The bottom line is we need work together to find middle ground on this issue. I'll continue to work with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in order to find a path forward so that all West Virginians and Americans receive a fair shot.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33LC8QpkVx0&feature=youtu.be
It has been 25 days since the Senate passed bipartisan legislation to #RenewUI, and the House has yet to act.  Today, Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) and I urged the House leadership to allow a vote on our bipartisan bill, which would provide temporary, targeted help for more than 2.79 million Americans, including 12,000 Rhode Islanders, who have lost access to emergency unemployment insurance since the program was cutoff on Dec. 28th.  Senator Heller and I will continue working to restore this critical economic lifeline. The House should act without further delay.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4BLctozj7o&feature=youtu.be 
Spent some time this morning with members of the Rhode Island Association of Fire Chiefs and Foundation - I deeply appreciate the leadership, commitment, and faithful service of our Fire Chiefs and firefighters.
It was great to catch up with students from Providence's Sophia Academy during their visit this week to our nation's capital.
This is what we've been dealing with here in the Senate...
I'm glad the NBA has acted to stamp out bigotry from its ranks. Now I wonder, how long will the NFL continue to do nothing as one of its teams bears a name that inflicts so much pain on Native Americans? 
Are you seeing #Spiderman2 this weekend? Those familiar city streets were filmed in #Rochester last spring #tbt @spidermanmovie
Thank your local fire chiefs who are hard at work getting the best training, trucks & #tech to keep you safe.
The Catholic Health Services’ application, which has now been submitted by the state to the feds, should be quickly approved by FEMA so that the next storm does not put Good Samaritan Hospital and Our Lady of Consolation Nursing Center and their hundreds of urgent care and nursing home patients in harm’s way without a reliable source of electricity. This is a smart plan for the busiest Emergency Rooms in Suffolk County, and there should be no delay in its approval.
Heard this story today from the Letter Carriers. It will make you want to move to Joe Urbina’s route:
With the Stanley Cup in 2012 when it was in Washington after the Bruins 2011 Stanley Cup victory. Good luck to the Bruins in game 1 tonight! #BeatTheHabs #TBT
Some smart kids from Sunburst put their minds to stopping the blowing salt clouds that put drivers in north-central Montana at risk.  And their work earned them top prize at a national engineering competition.  Watch their story:
The Kauffman Foundation once again named Montana the number one state in the nation to start or expand a business.  From our great outdoors to our world-class universities to our hard-working men and women, Montana has everything businesses need to succeed.  http://bit.ly/1j8BDGU
Pleased to host two Pueblo leaders at the Capitol this week for a Democratic Steering and Outreach Committee meeting on economic development in Indian Country. Governor Torres of Isleta Pueblo and Governor Rivera of Pojoaque Pueblo joined us to talk about how we can strengthen our partnership with Pueblos to generate more jobs for tribal members and our entire state. I appreciate that they came to Washington to share their important insights on this issue, and I look forward to building upon the discussions we had to improve economic conditions for all our Tribes and Pueblos in New Mexico.
This drawn-out process sends a chilling message throughout the Air Force, and in all Service Branches, that if you come forward as a whistleblower to report wrongdoing, there is a high likelihood that your career will be derailed, you may lose pay and benefits, and you and your family will suffer retaliation.  This cannot stand.  We must provide an accountable system where people who come forward can feel free to do so without fear of retaliation. 
The hollowing out of America's middle class has been the direct result of choices Washington has made over the past generation to put the rich and powerful first and to leave working people to pick up the crumbs. We know how to strengthen our middle class, because we've done it before. If we level the playing field for working families and strengthen investments in our future, we can make sure that all of our children have a fighting chance. Read my op-ed on CNN.com today:
