I've been working with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to develop legislation that will help keep our students safe, and guide colleges towards implementing clearer processes in sexual assault investigations.   Today Senators Claire McCaskill Kirsten Gillibrand and I announced the Campus Accountability & Safety Act, and our colleagues Chuck Grassley U.S. Senator Dean Heller Mark Warner Senator Kelly Ayotte and Senator Marco Rubio have joined this effort. Share this, and read more to understand how it could help you, or someone you know: http://j.mp/1s3W67u
No domestic violence offender should have access to a firearm. http://j.mp/UBcSxL
Amazing things happen when NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the University of Maryland team up.   "A laser-based system from the University of Maryland, College Park, will observe the structure of forest canopy." 
The problems facing the VA are bigger than any one person, and the solutions will need to be, as well. The VA needs real reforms and it needs them now.
Today, I joined a discussion on college affordability in the Democratic Steering and Outreach Committee. Student loan debt has surpassed credit card debt in America. If Congress doesn’t act soon, we risk creating a generation of young people burdened by debt, unable to start their lives after school. I will continue to support and sponsor legislation that eases their burden.
On this day 49 years ago, Medicare and Medicaid were signed into law. Since then, these two programs have served the vital health care needs of millions in Illinois and across America. Happy anniversary to these two critical programs.
This morning, I’ll be voting in favor of the Bring Jobs Home Act. The bill ends taxpayer subsidies for moving costs when corporations ship jobs overseas and gives an additional 20% tax credit to companies who move production back to the United States. Let’s incentivize American businesses to keep production at home, and reward the companies that do.
Share this #GoodNews. Beth Tharp of Coatesville was honored by the White House and the U.S. Department of Agriculture as a “Champion of Change” for her leadership in the Indiana ag community. Beth owns and operates Legan Livestock and Grain with her husband and parents in Fillmore.
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Great to meet former NBA All-Star and Indiana Pacer Detlef Schrempf this morning to discuss his work with Seafood Nutrition Partnership.
Proud to cosponsor Senator Shaheen's bill to ensure contraceptives for servicewomen and dependents are covered without co-pays. Women covered by Tricare deserve the same health benefits as women covered by private and other public health plans.
More Covered California success. 58% of previously uninsured Californians now have health care coverage. #ACAworks
The 4% increase in GDP is welcome news. I’m committed to supporting policies that would further boost economic growth.
Let us hope that our attitude as a nation continues to be defined by the image of the Statue of Liberty, and not by shouting protesters holding signs labeled, “Return to Sender,” as they stand in front of busses full of Central American children. Congress has an opportunity – and a responsibility – to act on pragmatic measures to fix our broken immigration system before time and resources run out.  
The number one issue for sportsmen across the West is access. The HUNT Act will open more areas to hunting and fishing and grow New Mexico's thriving outdoor recreation economy where recreation activities are directly responsible for 68,000 jobs in the state. Hunting and fishing are a way of life for New Mexicans. As an avid hunter myself, I remain deeply committed to preserving our outdoor heritage and treasured public lands for future generations to enjoy. 
At today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, I highlighted the disproportionate amount of support Indian Country receives from the Federal Emergency Management Agency for disaster recovery and how we must find solutions to fix this. 
Met with Washington Internships for Native students participant and Turtle Mountain native Taylor Payer today. Taylor is an impressive and motivated young women – I’m proud to have her presenting our great state.
Honored to meet U.S. Marine Corporal Christian Brownotter from Standing Rock who is stationed in DC. I’m grateful for his service to our country and proud of his unwavering commitment to keep our communities and families safe.
Discussed civil and human rights issues with Yashmeet, Sharon and Mehtab - North Dakotans visiting DC for the United Sikh Summit.
Great to see Standing Rock Chairman Archambault's daughter, Jaimie, who stopped in to tell me about her exciting summer in DC.
I think homeowners – especially those still recovering from Superstorm Sandy – need to receive flood insurance payments they deserve.   After hearing problems from many of you, today I chaired a hearing on the flood insurance claims process.   I’m frustrated by the troubles, but glad we now have a commitment from FEMA Administrator Fugate that he will address these concerns.  http://1.usa.gov/UBQq7T
On August 1, we will mark the 70th anniversary of the Warsaw Uprising in Poland – a heroic fight against Nazi oppression that forever serves as a symbol of heroism in the face of great adversity. My Polish heritage has given me an identity and a set of beliefs that make me the Senator I am with a belief in freedom, a belief in people, and a belief that we must always speak truth to power.  I’m pleased the Senate Foreign Relations Committee this week passed my bipartisan resolution commemorating this historic event and the strength of the human spirit. 
Along with Senator Ben Cardin, Congressman Steny Hoyer, Congresswoman Donna Edwards, Prince George's County Executive Rushern Baker and County Council President Mel Franklin - together as Team Maryland we proudly announced two proposed sites in Prince George's County are on the short-list to be home to the new FBI headquarters. The FBI needs a 21st century fully consolidated headquarters so it can fulfill its 21st century mission. 
The time is now to pass the Campus Accountability and Safety Act. Learn more about how this bill takes aim at sexual assault on campuses and protects students: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/campus-accountability-and-safety-act Make your voice heard: #NotAlone
We'll have all the details on the bipartisan legislation as it's announced today. Stay tuned. 
Medicare turns 49 today -- a reminder that the Senate should pass the Medicare Protection Act to honor its covenant with seniors:   
ICYMI: With more than 38,000 miles of public roads within West Virginia’s borders to oversee and maintain, investing in our infrastructure is one of the best ways to create jobs and boost economic development and prosperity, while also improving the conditions in our local communities.  Read my full statement on the Senate passage of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d1973a5c-5df9-472e-b104-60e6c5fbb750
Appreciate your service and dedication to the nation!
Today, Senate Republicans voted to kill the Bring Jobs Home Act. This bill would have ended the ridiculous practice of American taxpayers picking up the tab for companies moving abroad and sending American jobs overseas. In Nevada alone, this bill would have protected 150,000 jobs.   Republicans voted against an increase in the minimum wage; they voted against equal pay for women; they voted against cost-cutting energy efficiency; they voted against student loan refinancing.  When will Republicans in Congress start to focus on the many families who depend on the jobs that Senate Democrats tried to protect today?  I will continue to act on behalf of Nevada, and America’s middle class, to pass bills that give Americans a fair shot at good, secure jobs.
Nothing as American as NY apple pie! There's a great one at NY Farm Day #nyfarms
“Great to meet Manchester native Alexis Ploss today! Alexis is in Washington discussing efforts to lower the burdens of student loan debt, including an important plan to give borrowers the chance to refinance their student loans just like they can with car loans or mortgages.”  -JS  Read more about Senator Shaheen’s efforts to address student loan debt here: http://1.usa.gov/1l4zJvQ
“Female service members deserve access to the same basic health care as the women they protect and it’s unacceptable that they don’t. Giving women in the military access to basic preventative health care, including contraception and family planning counseling, will strengthen our military as a whole. And it will make sure that women who get their health insurance from the military never have to worry about how they're going to pay for their contraception.”  -Senator Shaheen   Read more about and share Senator Shaheen's bill at the link below. 
Today I had the honor of speaking to a group of tribal educators about the importance of preserving our Native Languages. Right after that my Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act passed out of committee.
 Today, we had an opportunity to do right by workers in New Mexico and across the country by passing legislation to help build up communities and create jobs right here at home. The Bring Jobs Home Act would protect tens of thousands of jobs in New Mexico by eliminating a tax loophole that benefits companies moving offshore, and attract new ones by encouraging manufacturing growth and offering incentives for companies that create jobs onshore.   I'm disappointed that Republicans filibustered this bill and put partisan politics in the way of a common-sense proposal to promote fair policies that support our communities, and I'm going to keep fighting to do what's right for New Mexico through policies that will strengthen our economy and help middle class families.
Too many American women are harmed by domestic gun violence. That was the takeaway from today’s Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence and domestic abuse. The stats are alarming. We’ve got to make sure that those who should not possess guns do not possess them. We’ve got to protect women. Follow this link to read more about today’s hearing: 1.usa.gov/1nUrbuh
Proud to introduce the bipartisan Campus Accountability & Safety Act today and help let survivors of sexual assault know they're #notalone  http://1.usa.gov/1s3zpAg
Some U.S. corporations use a tax loophole to maintain all their operations in America but claim foreign citizenship to avoid paying taxes. Tax lawyers call it “corporate inversion,” but I call it freeloading. Watch the floor speech I gave this afternoon to learn more about the Stop Corporate Inversions Act, our new bill to hold these freeloaders accountable. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYKp-9aJyvQ
