We cannot risk undoing decades of progress in reducing youth smoking by allowing e-cigarette makers to target our kids. This bill will help protect our children from an industry that profits from addiction. 
My Colorado and Washington offices are currently accepting applications for summer internships. Interns receive an in-depth view of the legislative process and gain direct experience serving Colorado constituents. The best ideas most often come from Colorado, and our interns can help bring some of that Colorado common sense to help solve our nation’s most difficult problems. The deadline for applicants is March 15th. (cc University of Colorado Boulder, Colorado State University, Colorado Mesa University, University of Northern Colorado)
Congrats to Berlin, Maryland for being voted "The Coolest Small Town In America"! It is one of many great cities and towns around Maryland.   Beach And Beyond  
As sad as I am to leave my chairmanship of EPW’s Clean Air subcommittee, I’m excited to replace my friend, Ambassador Baucus, as the new chair of the Transportation & Infrastructure subcommittee as we work to continue investment in more efficient, effective transportation projects.
It was a great honor to spend time with my friends at the YMCA this morning and receive their Congressional Champion Award for my work on reducing obesity.
The students of Penn State deserve recognition for their tremendous efforts and commitment to public service. Once again Penn State Dance Marathon has exceeded the high standards that we have come to expect from this event. By raising over $13 million for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center, students and supporting organizations offer hope and inspiration to pediatric cancer patients and their loved ones. #THON14
On Tuesday, Senator Donnelly had the opportunity to speak with Ms. Tracie Stafford's 2nd grade class at Evans School in Evansville via Skype. To request a Skype chat with Senator Donnelly for your classroom, please visit http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/contact/scheduling-request. 
Senator Donnelly today highlighted key provisions that would help support Hoosier veterans and their families in a comprehensive veterans bill the Senate is considering this week.    Donnelly said, “It is important we support Hoosier servicemembers not only on the battlefield but when they return home. This comprehensive veterans bill would do just that by providing essential mental health, education, and job training benefits to our heroes.” 
Share this #GoodNews. ConAgra Foods estimates it will create nearly 80 new jobs by 2015 as a result of building a new facility in Frankfort.
I'm grateful the White House used California flowers (the very best!) at the recent State Dinner for the French President.
I had a great meeting with Ellen Saracini, the widow of Captain Saracini of United Flight 175. I'm happy to cosponsor important cockpit security legislation.
St. Anthony’s soup kitchen is a very special place. Since 1950, 40 million meals have been served. A big help to the community. 
My staff will be hosting a Housing Fair for teachers and school employees at the Carlsbad Municipal Schools Administrative Board Room this Thursday between 4 and 6 p.m to provide quality resources and assistance with finding housing in the area. We must do everything we can to attract and retain highly qualified teachers in New Mexico so our kids have the support they need to succeed. Visit my website for all the details: 
During Peace Corps Week, I’d like to thank the 54 volunteers from New Mexico who are currently serving around the world. They make us proud. As an AmeriCorps alum, I know first-hand that there is no limit to the lifelong benefits volunteering and service experiences can bring.
Today I voted to advance a comprehensive veterans benefits package that would restore COLA for military retirees and help accelerate the claims process to reduce the backlog. New Mexico is home to more than 170,000 veterans, and I will continue to work to guarantee they receive the benefits and quality care that they have earned.
Today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing on early childhood development and education comes at a critical time for our Native children. Early childhood programs are a proven method we can use to overcome our past and close the resulting achievement gap. I’m grateful for the opportunity to discuss what we can do to better support our Native families and to highlight the need for improvement in Indian country education. 
Tracy’s Kids, a therapy program for kids with cancer, has been and continues to be a source of strength and bravery for so many children , and I’m honored to receive their the program’s Courage award this year. I beat cancer 12 years ago, and with the help of Tracy’s Kids, I have no doubt that so many children battling cancer will be able to accomplish the same goal. 
The U.S. Department of Transportation announced new packaging and classification rules for crude, which are good steps forward toward improving safety. But some of the testing standards and requirements in the new rule aren’t very clear, and I hope the agency will work with industry to help clarify them so we can get this regulation right. Improving rail safety is absolutely needed, but we shouldn’t jump to conclusions about how to achieve it before receiving all the facts.
On Wednesday, Senator Patrick Leahy, Co-Chair of the Senate National Guard Caucus, spoke during the annual Guard Caucus Breakfast on Capitol Hill. LINK to Senator Leahy’s full statement. http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/senate-national-guard-caucus-co-chair-patrick-leahy-when-it-comes-to-the-national-guard-the-budget-previewed-on-monday-appears-to-be-headed-in-the-wrong-direction-
Glad the Senate Foreign Relations Committee (that I chair) is now on Twitter: @US_SFRC.  We’ll be providing updates about hearings and meetings. For example, today we’re tweeting about Ben Affleck testifying during a hearing on the Congo at 2:15.   Check out the new handle: https://twitter.com/US_SFRC
A U.S. Senate panel examining the link between sexual assault, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and suicide among members of the military and veterans, heard directly today from survivors of sexual assault about the expected benefits of assigning all survivors of assault their own independent legal counsel to protect their rights and fight for their interests.  “Our ability to treat this, and prevent suicide as a result of this absolutely insidious illness, should be at the top of all of our lists. And so I think that at least now we are beginning to recognize the problem—we’ve got a ways to go, obviously, with having the services tailored to the type of stress and trauma that has brought about this illness—and I think that’s what we’re all focused on trying to do now," Claire told the panel today. 
Whether a soldier was in the jungles of Vietnam or flying contaminated C-123s years after the war, they know that exposure to Agent Orange has real and painful consequences.  How they were exposed doesn’t matter.  What matters is that we do right by the men and women who served our country.  I hope this report prompts the VA to finally reverse their position and make sure all vets suffering from Agent Orange exposure get the treatment and compensation they need and deserve.
We've been trapped in a vicious cycle of robbing fire prevention funds to pay for fires that are already burning. The President's announcement earlier this week on changing how we budget for wildfires is a big step in breaking that cycle and ensuring we have the resources both to prevent wildfires and to fight them when they occur.
Today I have sent a letter to federal regulators seeking a ban on Bitcoin, the virtual currency that is unregulated and unstable, and has been used in illicit activity, including drug trafficking and money laundering. I have serious concerns about the negative effect Bitcoin could have on America’s economy if this crypto-currency remains unregulated.   Click here to read the letter: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=237cbd66-6a26-4870-9bcb-20177ae902b0
While Republicans use tall tales to attack Obamacare, Democrats have real stories of people who are saving more on their monthly premiums thanks to the law. We don’t have to make things up.  
Senator Shaheen introduced the Charlie Morgan Military Spouses Equal Treatment Act as an amendment today to a comprehensive veterans bill that the Senate is debating this week. The Charlie Morgan Act, named after New Hampshire National Guard Chief Warrant Officer Charlie Morgan, would give equal benefits to legally married same-sex veteran couples.   Take a look at the article below to learn more about the Charlie Morgan Act. 
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Today the Senate took an important step that will help pave the way for a new VA medical facility, the ALOHA Center, on Oahu which would double clinical services for Hawai‘i veterans. The legislation is the most comprehensive veterans legislation in decades.   http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/senate-advances-bill-that-will-make-way-for-new-va-medical-facility-on-oahu-double-clinical-services-for-hawaii-veterans
Join me for my upcoming Manufacturing Small Business Opportunity Workshop in Helena next Friday, March 7.  RSVP at www.tester.senate.gov/rsvp.
It’s important that people have access to prepaid cards as we move into an increasingly digital economy, but consumers deserve basic protections. I commend Pew for their work on this issue and Chase for being the first prepaid card provider to adopt the disclosure box for their cards, which I proposed making standard for the industry in my legislation.
