NA
I have called on the Senate to take up this legislation soon to give certainty to homeowners across Pennsylvania. This is a commonsense, bipartisan proposal that could prevent drastic rate hikes for over 30,000 policyholders across the state.
Senators Coons and Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) lead the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus and this afternoon brought cookies that they, their families and staffs baked to U.S. Capitol Police Headquarters as a token of gratitude for their service.
Senator Coons, pictured during an April visit to the Children's Advocacy Center in Dover, introduced a bipartisan bill today to secure funding for Children’s Advocacy Centers that help solve child-abuse cases while protecting child victims of violent crimes.
"While I do not agree with everything in this agreement, compromise was the only way an agreement was even possible. Shared sacrifice was inevitable and necessary, and to pretend otherwise would be to continue an unproductive trend in our recent political history."
Today, the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act, legislation introduced in the Senate by Senator Donnelly and Senator Coats, was passed on the House side, where it was introduced by Representative Susan Brooks.   Senator Donnelly said, “I hope the President quickly signs this bill into law, so the Koehl family can be given some sense of relief from these tragic and terrible circumstances. We must honor the memory of Alicia Koehl and help preserve the honor of being buried in a veterans’ cemetery.”
Happy 197th Birthday to our great state. On this day in 1816, President James Madison officially approved Indiana’s statehood, making us the 19th state in the union.
The bipartisan budget agreement reached yesterday will prevent a government shutdown and is an important step toward undoing some of the damaging across-the-board cuts from the sequester.  The sequester cuts and Congress’s inability to compromise on spending and revenue over the last several years have been a drag on the economy.  At the very least, this agreement will give the economy the near-term stability it needs and Congress time to deal with long-term fiscal concerns.  I will look closely at the details of this budget and evaluate how it meets the needs of New Mexicans and our country as a whole.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor to call on my colleagues to pass a bipartisan legislation that would help hardworking North Dakota families by lowering flood insurance rates which skyrocketed this fall.  North Dakotans who responsibly insured against flooding unfairly saw their rates significantly jump. Thankfully, we have a bipartisan bill that will reverse this. North Dakotans, and families around the country, deserve the peace of mind to know they can afford to protect their homes. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2d823458-e2e1-4fa0-83c0-7e414855cbcf
Today I was humbled to meet Mohyeldin Mohamed. Mohyeldin is a refugee from Sudan who resettled to the US in 2009 and currently lives in Fargo.  He has lived through unimaginable realities, but still continues to find success in school and work. It was great to meet him today, hear his story, and learn more about the Refugee Congress he is attending to connect with other refugees.
Ever since I took office last January, I made it a mission to do everything I could to replace the across-the-board sequester cuts that have so severely hurt Virginia and return to normal budgetary order. I even delivered my maiden floor speech last February on the urgent need to find compromise and avert sequestration. Tonight, I’m pleased that after passing a Senate budget for the first time in four years and going to conference with the House, a deal has been reached. I’m disappointed that reductions in the cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for military retirees and cuts to federal employee benefits were included. But the deal goes a long way toward alleviating the most harmful effects of sequestration next year – cuts that have disproportionately impacted federal employees and the defense community – and restoring basic economic certainty to businesses and families across the Commonwealth. It also ensures we won’t suffer another damaging government shutdown next month that would have resulted in more negative consequences for federal employees. The two-year, bipartisan agreement will relieve $63 billion of sequester cuts for 2014 and 2015. It will also avert additional defense cuts – including $20 billion in cuts that were set to take effect in January 2014 – and replace non-defense cuts over the next two years. We’ve also given appropriators the certainty they need to write full appropriations bills – a significant step toward ending the dangerous pattern of stopgap, governing-by-crisis measures that have plagued the budgeting process in recent years. While I’m still examining the details of the deal, I am pleased a spirit of compromise and cooperation prevailed.
Senator Patrick Leahy Wednesday held the third Senate Judiciary Committee oversight hearing on government surveillance programs. Leahy held similar oversight hearings in July and October. Leahy’s opening statement can be found below. Other member statements, witness testimony and a webcast of the hearing are available on the Senate Judiciary Committee website.
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/senate-judiciary-committee-holds-third-oversight-hearing-on-government-surveillance-programs
We heard heartbreaking stories at the Fast for Families tent today.
 
 But it makes us all hungrier for reform, as my friend (and reform leader) Eliseo Medina eloquently said.
 
 Millions of Americans know the House of Representatives should follow the Senate’s lead in passing an immigration reform bill now.
Senator Booker & I are joining the Fast for Families movement today in solidarity with those who have sacrificed so much to shed light on the need for family unity & immigration reform.
 
 With this small act, we fast to remind Speaker Boehner that he can change the future for millions with just one vote.
NA
“This agreement represents a huge win for justice in America’s Armed Forces. While we’re frustrated that votes on additional measures did not occur, these historic reforms—including installing civilian review over prosecutorial decisions, barring commanders from changing jury verdicts, assigning victims their own legal counsel, criminalizing retaliation against victims, and mandating dishonorable discharge for convicted sex offenders—will mean a new day for justice for American servicemembers. And we’re going to work as hard as we can to enact these critical reforms into law.” -Claire
One year later, I'm keeping the families and friends of the victims of the Clackamas Town Center shooting in my thoughts and prayers.
This budget agreement is the first bipartisan deal that has been proposed since I became a member of the Senate more than three years ago. I'm pleased that Democrats and Republicans were able to sit down in a room together, negotiate, and arrive at a deal. I commend Senator Murray and Representative Ryan for their leadership in debating, deliberating and finally compromising on an agreement. While this deal is not perfect, and not the one I would have written myself, it is a first step toward getting Congress back on track. I am hopeful that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will build upon this deal and work together toward a long-term budgetary fix.  In the meantime, I will be reviewing the details of this budget agreement to make sure we strike the proper balance between funding our government, creating certainty for businesses to hire hardworking Americans and reducing our deficit with responsible spending cuts. Let’s return our focus to rebuilding America.  For a fact sheet on the budget agreement, please click here: http://1.usa.gov/18mpv5U
I hoped for a more comprehensive agreement but this is an important step forward.  Commendably, this budget blueprint reduces economic uncertainty and blunts the impact of the sequester.  It will help save jobs, reduce unnecessary furloughs, protect vital programs like education from deep cuts, and should prevent another costly and wasteful government shutdown.   However, I would have preferred closing corporate tax loopholes to restore investments in defense and education.  And I am most disturbed that negotiators refused to include help for the unemployed as part of their package.   Congress needs to act fast to preserve unemployment insurance or 1.3 million American job seekers will suddenly be without a financial safety net in the new year.  Budgets are about priorities, and helping vulnerable families should be a bipartisan priority.   Even as the nation's economy continues to recover, Congress must do more to help create new jobs and sustain economic revitalization.  I recently introduced the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2013 to stabilize the economy and provide relief for both states and struggling families by extending federal UI benefits through 2014.  Unemployment insurance is a critical lifeline for vulnerable families and our economy.  Preserving this program will help bolster consumer demand and provide some much needed economic certainty for businesses and families in need.   While this agreement doesn’t solve every issue facing the country and it could certainly do more for the unemployed and the middle class, it’s at least a reversal of the governing by crisis method that some on the other side of the aisle have embraced in the past few years.
Republicans are insisting that we must vote on an important nomination at 1 a.m. tomorrow morning, after they have frittered away 30 hours of the Senate’s time. It is hard to imagine a more pointless exercise than spending an entire day waiting for a vote whose outcome we already know. But Republicans insist on wasting time simply for the sake of wasting time.
Everyone should read about one of Time Magazine’s Runner-Ups for Person of the Year. She’s one of New York’s toughest fighters, Edie Windsor.
This week, Senators Shaheen and Ayotte introduced a Senate resolution congratulating the NCAA Division II men’s soccer champions the Southern New Hampshire University Penmen. Read the resolution here: http://1.usa.gov/1iXvClU
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments on the Cross State Air Pollution Rule. For too long, power plants have used tall smoke stacks to export dirty air – and the health problems that come with it – to downwind states like RI. This rule would finally establish long-overdue health protections. 
 Click LIKE and SHARE if you want to see the Supreme Court uphold this rule and allow the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to do its job.
Today, the Budget Conference Committee, on which I served, announced a budget deal.  I commend Chairman Murray for completing the difficult task of coming to a budget agreement with House Republicans. To be sure, this is not the deal any of us had hoped for.  Republicans refused to end a single special tax deal or to maintain extended unemployment benefits, and allowed only partial relief from the devastating sequester cuts.  That said, this deal will allow Congress to return to regular order and away from Tea Party brinksmanship, and allow appropriators like Jack Reed to pursue sensible priorities within this budget.
Proud to introduce bipartisan legislation today to protect our volunteer firefighters and emergency responders.
My hope is this budget compromise allows us to step away from the irrational harm of sequestration, which hits Virginia harder than any other state. This is a productive step forward that avoids another shutdown and allows the government to operate with more predictability over the short term.  I have some concerns about the impact on the federal workforce and our military retirees, which is another reason why we need to tackle the larger and more important issues of tax and entitlement reforms to  fix our balance sheet over the long term.
