The news that a nurse who treated the Ebola patient in Texas has now become infected with the virus herself highlights the need for ongoing training and education for health care workers and drills and exercises for hospitals. Without an ongoing commitment to preparing for these events, and the funding to support training activities, we cannot adequately ensure that our health system is ready for Ebola or any other emergency.
Glad to be able to discuss economic development and job creation with members of the Northwest Indiana Forum in Portage earlier today.
Great to meet with United Steelworkers (USW) Local 6787 leaders in Chesterton this morning.
A closer look at major faults in the Bay Area. More proof an earthquake early-warning system is needed. From the San Francisco Chronicle:
October 15 through December 7 is the open enrollment period for Medicare Part D prescription drug coverage. This gives North Dakotans the opportunity to make sure their current coverage meets their needs, and make changes if necessary. To help make sure folks across the state get their questions answered, the North Dakota Insurance Department will be holding enrollment events in Bismarck, Grand Forks, Fargo, Valley City, Jamestown, Minot and Dickinson. Click below to learn more about events in your area. 
At the eighth annual Great Plains and EmPower ND Energy Conference, I highlighted the unprecedented energy development in North Dakota, achieved through oil, gas, renewables, cutting-edge technologies and innovations, and groundbreaking research conducted in the state. We can’t afford to be short-sighted when it comes to developing our energy resources, and that’s why I have consistently pushed for a true all-of-the-above energy strategy for North Dakota – and the country – that is forward looking. Today’s conference shows that we have successfully realized the tremendous promise of oil, natural gas, wind, and biofuels – but it’s equally important that we manage and grow our energy industry responsibly. http://1.usa.gov/1Ci0G45
Violence against women and children is unacceptable, no matter where it occurs. Today I brought together officials and advocates from Indian Country and the Bismarck/Mandan area to talk about how the Violence Against Women Act – which I implemented at a state level as North Dakota’s Attorney General when it was first enacted 20 years ago – has developed in the wake of the state’s economic boom. Too many North Dakotans are counting on us not to give up on them now—especially on our tribal lands. That’s why I fought for the provision in the latest Violence Against Women Act to make sure Native leaders have the authority to prosecute non-Native perpetrators who commit these crimes on tribal land. And it’s why I’ll never quit on the victims of these crimes, because it’s up to us as a community to end the cycle of abuse. http://1.usa.gov/ZCqrQ4
PHOTO GALLERY: EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, Gov. Peter Shumlin, Rep. Peter Welch and Burlington Mayor Miro Weinberger joined Sen. Patrick Leahy last week in an effort to address agricultural runoff, algae blooms and water quality on Lake Champlain.     
ICYMI: After traveling around Rhode Island’s coastal areas, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse and I went on The Ed Show to talk more how we can move forward to establish an all-of-the-above energy policy.
On this day in 1964, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace. If you've never heard his acceptance speech, you should. #NobelPeacePrize
With terror threats at a high, it must be made loud and clear to any would-be trespassers, adrenaline junkies or potential criminals that the federal government and the NYPD take trespassing on critical infrastructure and national monuments very seriously; a law that makes this a federal crime and raises the current maximum jail time from one to five years would help deter this behavior, and provide the NYPD with stronger tools to combat this disturbing trend.
Hope everyone had as nice a #ColumbusDay weekend as we had today at the Columbus Day Parade!
