The U.S. State Department has established a dedicated public email address—HagupitEmergencyUSC@state.gov—for all inquiries concerning U.S. citizens affected by Typhoon Hagupit.  U.S. citizens can also contact the State Department by calling  1-888-407-4747 (US); 1-202-501-4444  (international).   Further information on the U.S. Embassy Manila’s website regarding assistance to U.S. citizens can be found at http://manila.usembassy.gov/service.html.
Hope you can join...
Read my op-ed on why Virginia's Indian tribes deserve federal recognition: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/commonwealth-connection/tribes-deserve-recognition
Today, we pay homage to those brave Americans who sacrificed their lives on that infamous December morning at Pearl Harbor. We will never forget their service and sacrifice, always remembering those lost not only in our hearts, but also in the way we live our lives. Let us never forget those who came before us, and lived and died for this nation. And let us always mark dates like December 7, 1941 as the times we remember who we are as a nation and the strength of American resilience.  http://www.theintelligencer.net/page/content.detail/id/619171/December-7-a-Reminder-of-Who-We-Are-as-Americans.html?nav=509
“Remembering the brave Americans who lost their lives 73 years ago today at Pearl Harbor. Forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of all our service men and women.”   -JS
“Today, we remember the thousands who lost their lives during the attack on Pearl Harbor and we honor our service members in Hawai‘i who made the ultimate sacrifice. Seventy-three years later, we remain grateful to the men and women who fought with bravery to protect the daily liberties all Americans enjoy, and we keep our current service members and their families in our hearts and minds.” - BES  Senator Schatz joined Governor Ige, Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr., USS Arizona Memorial Superintendent Paul DePrey, and many others to honor the bravery and sacrifices of those who served during the attack on Pearl Harbor at today's 73rd Pearl Harbor Day Commemoration Ceremony.
Today is the 73rd Anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor during World War II.  Let us always remember the sacrifices made by our men and women in uniform, including those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation 73 years ago today.
