Small businesses, like the biotech startup Isomark, are the future of #Wisconsin. It was great to meet with them last week and have students from the Portage there to be a part of the conversation.
Sign the petition to demand that Governor Walker put Wisconsin families before his own politics and party ideology.
Auditing Mrs. Engler's Kindergarten class in Cheraw, CO and I'm reminded that you're never too old to go back to school, but you may be too big to sit in the chairs.
Fifty years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. stood in front of the Lincoln Memorial and challenged this nation to live up to the ideals set in its creed: opportunity, equality and freedom. Today, we remember Dr. King and the many trailblazers who fought to advance civil rights and change in this country and we celebrate the progress we’ve made over the last five decades. This anniversary also reminds us that there is still much more work left to do to ensure that everyone in this country – regardless of their race, gender, sexual orientation – is afforded equal rights.
Despite how far we have come, we cannot be satisfied. We cannot be satisfied until “the riches of freedom and the security of justice” are available to all Americans regardless of race, religion or gender.  
 
 As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, we have to remember that we are fighting many of the same battles. We are still working to end racial profiling, strengthen voting rights and eliminate racial disparities in health care—all work that requires the united efforts of many.
 
 Ben at the  March on Washington Foot Soldiers Memorial Dedication
Ben's prepared remarks from March on Washington Foot Soldiers Memorial dedication earlier today in #Annapolis   Good morning.  What an honor it is to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom with so many of the people who were there.  I want to thank all who were part of  making the Foot Soldiers Memorial happen.     We gather here to celebrate the unsung heroes of “the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation.”   50 years ago, people from many different backgrounds gathered in this park to board buses bound for Washington D.C. Not knowing what dangers they might face,  foot soldiers in the fight for Civil Rights stood up for the  inalienable rights of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness. The great gains we have made in the last 50 years have been fueled in large part by the blood sweat and tears of the foot soldiers.    America has come a long way since the day Martin Luther King told 250,000 marchers about his dream.   Despite how far we have come, we cannot be satisfied. We cannot be satisfied until “the riches of freedom and the security of justice” are available to all Americans regardless of race, religion or gender.    As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, we have to remember that we are fighting many of the same battles. We are still working to end racial profiling, strengthen voting rights and eliminate racial disparities in health care—all work that requires the united efforts of many.  In the Senate I have introduced the End Racial Profiling Act, The Deceptive Practices and Voter Intimidation Prevention Act and fought for the establishment of the HHS Offices of Minority Health and the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities at the National Institutes of Health.   I am proud to stand with you, committed to the ideals put forward by Dr. King 50 years ago.   In the two years after the March on Washington we saw two of the most significant pieces of civil rights legislation land on the President’s desk.  The 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 1965 Voting Rights Act both became the law of the land because of the hard work and sacrifice of millions of foot soldiers.   You fought for his dream and it became a reality.  Now is the time to recommit to the fight, and I cannot think of any better leaders than those who have witnessed social change before. Your experiences are invaluable to the next generation campaigning for social justice.   This memorial will stand as a reminder of the power of unity over division and conviction over apathy.  I would like to end with some words from Dr. King that are as apt today as they were 50 years ago.   “We are not satisfied, and we will not be satisfied until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream.”  #MarchOnWashington #MLK #MoW50 #MLK50
Finishing off his #ServingWhoServed tour, Senator Donnelly visited The Home Depot in Hobart. Share this photo with your friends as we recognize those with a commitment to hiring and supporting members of the Guard and Reserves, as well as veterans from across the country.
50 years later, we honor the dream shared by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as we continue to work toward a better nation for all Americans. Read Dr. King’s “I Have a Dream…” speech in full here.
#ServingWhoServed: This morning, Joe met with members of the Indiana National Guard's 181st Intelligence Wing and toured their facilities in Terre Haute.
On the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, we honor the legacy of Dr. King and continue working to realize his dream of equality.
50 years ago today, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. changed America. He inspired a nation to stand up against injustice and intolerance through the power of non-violence and peace. His lessons of compassion continue to resonate throughout the world. Let us remember those lessons and rekindle Dr. King’s spirit in our neighborhoods and communities across New Mexico as we continue to work towards alleviating prejudice, poverty, and violence.
Prescription drug abuse is the most rapidly growing drug problem facing the country.  Too many North Dakotans, their families, and communities are torn apart by the drug abuse or deaths.  To address these issues, I met with law enforcement officials, health providers and local officials in Bismarck today to discuss how we can most effectively stem the tide of drug abuse.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=21e7c1a0-96ea-4fe8-9f3f-37bed4d1f5e3
Great news that #ND will be repaid for $1.5 million in revenue it is owed from mineral extraction and energy development.
NA
Fifty years ago, Dr. King and thousands more made history, peacefully demanding true equality. We must never forget their hard work and sacrifice.  What are your memories or reflections of this historic day?
Sequester cuts to NIH means vital research at universities like UConn will be put on hold, good jobs will be cut
If you live near North Haven and need help w a federal agency, visit with my staff today during mobile office hrs, 10am-12pm at Memorial Library. And if you live near Middletown, my casework staff will be at the Russell Library from 1pm-4pm. All are welcome to stop by
“On this day in 1963, Dr. King called for liberty, equality, and justice for all people in this great country. The anniversary of that pivotal moment in our history gives us the chance to honor those who marched for freedom—and is a reminder that, while significant progress has been made, the fight for full equality and justice continues today. This day cannot be simply a commemoration, but rather must also be a call to action. Let’s use this opportunity to recommit ourselves to the work ahead, and pledge to carry on Dr. King’s fight for a more perfect union.” -Claire
Enjoying Dublin, Galway and elsewhere with my family.
Today Senator Shaheen released the following statement honoring the 50th Anniversary of the March on Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech:  “Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s ‘I Have a Dream’ speech had a transformative effect on this country and his call for justice and equality is still important today. From my time as a high school teacher in Mississippi during integration to my time in the United States Senate, the idea that discrimination has no place in the United States has been close to my heart. Today, fifty years following Dr. King’s brave declaration, we must remember his dream and renew our commitment to its principles for future generations.” http://1.usa.gov/184Jf92
NA
“Today marks the 50th anniversary of one of the most remarkable speeches of our time.  In his historic oration, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. referred to the United States Constitution as ‘a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir.’  Despite the great progress made over the last 50 years, there is much work left to do. The basic right to vote is under fire across our country. Paycheck fairness is still a problem, with women making 77 cents for every dollar made by a man.  And same sex couples still do not enjoy the same rights as heterosexual couples in the state of Hawai‘i and other states. Today is a perfect day to remind ourselves of the mission that lies ahead.  Have the same dream as Dr. King.  Hold on to it, and fight for it.  Not because it’s easy, but because it is right.”
Senator Schatz met with participants of the International Visitor Leadership Program on Pacific Women Climate Leaders to discuss innovative technologies for advancing sustainability and addressing climate change and developing tools to facilitate action, outreach, and women’s empowerment.
Fifty years ago, Martin Luther King Jr. offered a moral vision of what our nation could be, with a dream that inspired us to move mountains toward the promised land of equality. Because of his courage and the resolve of so many, the promise of America continues to move forward.  But Dr. King also reminded us that social justice is a work in progress. Fifty years since the march on Washington, we again are considering the issue of voting rights, and I call on citizens and government leaders at all levels to protect and enhance—rather than curtail—the right to vote.   I look forward to a new era in which we work to overcome today's injustice and inequality; where we honor Dr. King’s legacy by providing economic opportunity in all our communities, and by expanding the American dream to all who work for it; where we stop bullying in schools and unequal justice on tribal lands, and end conflicts between borders; to create a world where we work shoulder-to-shoulder nationwide for equality, just as we strive to do in all four corners of New Mexico.  Dr. King challenged us to not give up on that dream. Today, let us remember his words, and work together to achieve it.
I have been hearing from New Mexicans all over the state about problems with behavioral health services as a result of recent changes in Medicaid providers. Today, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) will hold a listening session so New Mexico residents can share their experiences about the disruptions in services they have been having.  The listening session will be held from 1:30 p.m. to 3 p.m. today. Consumers should call 1-877-267-1577, and enter meeting ID: 991 002 456.  Please note this call for New Mexico residents who have had specific problems with the recent change in Medicaid service providers. If you are have general questions about Medicaid or Medicare, feel free to call my offices and we will do all we can to help.  In the meantime, click below for more information on the listening session from the New Mexico Human Services Department.
On August 28, 1963, the March on Washington and the words of Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. captured the attention and conscience of our nation. Today, the words of #MLK continue to resonate and we are called upon to keep striving for his dream of equality.  #MoW50
Back in Rhode Island after traveling to China, Mongolia, and South Korea with Senator John McCain last week! I spoke with China’s lead negotiator on #climate issues about the need to reduce carbon pollution and congratulated Marine Corporal Angel Madera of #Providence, in person, on his meritorious service award. For more details on our meetings and what we discussed, please click on each of the photos below.
This morning Senator Warner met with 9-year-old Katie Helen of Daleville, VA, pictured here with her service dog, Lily. Katie was diagnosed with insulin dependent Type 1 diabetes at the age of 3. Lily helps Katie and her mom, Kathy, manage the fluctuation in Katie’s glucose levels.  Katie, Kathy, Lily and others from all over the Commonwealth met with Senator Warner and staff today to talk about the importance of the Special Diabetes Program (SDP), a program that’s very important to the Senator and his family. One of Senator Warner’s three daughters also suffers from Type 1 diabetes, and he continues to fight for funding and support for diabetes research side by side with other families affected by diabetes.   More: http://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/blog?ContentRecord_id=be095e1e-45bf-4c41-8cdd-6c191e1ce8b9
Today's the 50th anniversary of one of the greatest speeches of all time. Here's the fascinating backstory of Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech.  #mow50
Today, I stood with Mayor Menino and Mayors Against Illegal Guns to call for stronger gun laws. On the 50th anniversary of Dr. King's “I Have A Dream” speech, I can think of no better way to honor the memory of a man who dedicated his life to nonviolence than for us to come together to renew our pledge to fight back against the gun violence that rages through our cities and towns.
