As a mother and a grandmother, this disaster strikes my heart. Words cannot express the sadness I feel for the families who have lost children in this tragic crash, and I am praying for a speedy recovery for all those who were injured.  My office has been in contact with the National Transportation Safety Board, which has sent a team to the scene to investigate the crash, and we will be briefed later today. 
General Motors CEO Mary Barra pledged, under oath, that she would remove recalled cars from the road if there were any incidents in which driving with just the key in the ignition showed any risk. At least three incidents have since come to light.   Join us: sign the petition and tell GM to take these cars off the road. http://blumenthal.senate.gov/GM
NA
Often an organization closes its doors because they've accomplished a goal or outlived their usefulness to society or the market. But Russia's decision to force ADC Memorial( АДЦ Мемориал)in St. Petersburg to close if it does not register as a foreign agent is proof-positive that this #NGO’s work is needed and their message is powerful. The affiliated Memorial in #Moscow was founded during the #Soviet period of perestroika to address a totalitarian past. Now, as the darkness of lies and propaganda appear again on the #Russian horizon, we will not waiver in our support for groups like Memorial that are dedicated to telling the truth about the past and the present no matter the cost.” ADC Memorial Anti-discrimination Center is one of many nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) in Russia forced to fight for their right to operate in the wake of tremendous government pressure against them. Russian president Vladimir Putin has conducted a systematic campaign to shrink the space for independent voices in Russia. The “foreign agents law” enacted by Russia in 2012 requires all NGOs that accept foreign funds to register as foreign agents. Many groups such as ADC Memorial have decided to cease operations rather than submit to the onerous labeling and reporting requirements that are clearly meant to smear them as traitors and force them to close.
Do you want to serve your nation while earning a first rate education? I am now accepting applications from Delawareans who are interested in attending one of the U.S. Service Academies. Any soon-to-be seniors can go to http://carper.senate.gov to start an application online, and if you have any questions, you can call my Kent County office at (302)-674-3308.
I want to thank Secretary Sebelius for her service to our country. I have enjoyed collaborating with her over the last several years and I am grateful for the time and energy she spent to improve our nation’s health care system. I wish her and her family the best going forward.
This program plays a critical role in providing pediatric care to young children and Congress should maintain its funding in the coming budget. I’m pleased that Congress came together recently to pass my legislation to reauthorize this program. The unanimous passage of this legislation is a sign of the strong support that this graduate medical education program has and I’m hopeful that we’ll be able to continue and expand its funding.
General Motors must be held fully accountable for this recall and the lack of information given to the public. Establishing a victims compensation fund and accepting civil liability for what’s occurred would help deliver justice to these families so they can begin the process of healing from these terrible tragedies.
Joe had the pleasure of speaking at the Muncie-Delaware County Chamber of Commerce, touring Mursix Corp. & Allied Enterprises, and visiting Ball State University as he traveled around Delaware County today.
#GoodNews out of Columbia City as PDQ Tooling is set to invest $7.2 million and add an estimated 45 new jobs over the next five years. PDQ Tooling designs and makes custom indexable cutting tools for the production machining industry.
Is your family planning on visiting D.C. this spring or summer? Contact Joe’s office for help requesting a tour of the U.S. Capitol and many other D.C. landmarks!
Honored to deliver the keynote address on balancing civil liberties with national security in a digital age at The University of New Mexico - UNM National Security Studies Program spring symposium this morning. We can and we must balance the government’s need to keep our nation safe with its duty to protect our constitutionally guaranteed liberties.
It was great to meet with Shelle Aberle from Bismarck, a military caregiver selected as an Elizabeth Dole Foundation Fellow. Proud of the work she and all military caregivers do to support our veterans.
Congrats to Berlin, Maryland on Eastern Shore having America’s coolest party this weekend after being voted America's Coolest Small Town! 
I'm so pleased Sylvia Mathews Burwell, a native West Virginian and current Director of the Office of Management and Budget, has been nominated as the next Secretary for the Department of Health and Human Services. Sylvia’s experience in both the public and private sector, matched with the bipartisan relationships she has built over the years, shows that she is a public servant ready to take on this country’s challenges. I'm confident that her leadership will ensure that we enact commonsense fixes to the Affordable Care Act to help improve the lives of millions of Americans.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e5665525-6c86-46ee-be78-135f3380b202
Manny Pacquiao is going to be raising his arms like this after his fight tomorrow night.
As part of her ongoing efforts to help combat New Hampshire’s heroin and prescription drug public health crisis, Senator Shaheen this morning raised concern with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) over a recently approved, controversial and potent narcotic – Zohydro ER (hydrocodone bitartrate).   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1sNbzsP
Join Senator Schatz and the University of Hawaii Sea Grant College Program on Tuesday, April 15th  for a free public lecture on expanding renewable energy and combating climate change, featuring former U.S. Vice President Al Gore at UH Manoa.  For more information, go to: http://www.schatz.senate.gov/ascent
I was proud to dedicate the Billings VA Clinic today. It will provide our veterans with some of the best medical care our nation has to offer. Our military men and women deserve it. They earned it.
Springtime flowers are blooming, and we're especially liking this flower in the desert taken by R. Sigdel at the Albuquerque Botanic Garden in our #ShowcaseNM spring photo contest. Have you taken a good picture of New Mexico this spring? Upload yours now at: http://tomudall.senate.gov/showcasenewmexico
Kathleen Sebelius and I became friends when we each had the honor of serving as state governors. Secretary Sebelius accepted one of the toughest jobs in the Administration, and she has continually demonstrated grace under pressure. I respect Kathleen's desire now to move on to the next chapter in her career. I appreciate her commitment to public service, and wish her all the best.
