The current crisis in Iraq has its roots in an ill-conceived war that helped to fuel sectarian violence and an Iraqi government that has excluded minority populations from governing.    Much American blood was spilled during the Iraq War and while I believe we should go after ISIS—which poses a threat to the entire world—any U.S. action must be well-considered and well-executed in coordination with our allies and the Iraqi government and military, which we helped train and arm. Iraq should know that it needs a unity government now or its future will be bleak.   Some of the biggest GOP cheerleaders for the disastrous war in Iraq are now joining the blame-America-first crowd rather than working with our Commander-in-Chief to confront this crisis.
#TBT July, 1995: As Attorney General, I met with members of the Coalition for Justice regarding prevention of incidents of racism and bias in Greenwich.
Today, I joined with other Senators in writing a letter to George Will—a columnist for the Washington Post—who wrote an offensive piece about sexual assault on college campuses, claiming that being a sexual assault victim is "a coveted status that confers privilege."   His words are not only hurtful to those who have experienced sexual assault, they are harmful to the progress I and other lawmakers have made in addressing this serious issue on college campuses. We will continue our efforts to reduce sexual assaults on college campuses, and ask that George Will join us in listening to the the stories survivors bravely share about the struggles they face—often with little meaningful help from authorities expected to help them.   Read the letter in full, here: http://j.mp/1kQUoDZ
NA
I’m pleased that the Senate was able to come together last night and pass the legislation that Senator Sanders and Senator McCain crafted, which will work to provide our veterans with the care and services they deserve. I’m proud to support this bipartisan legislation that will create more accountability in the VA health system, hire more doctors and nurses and provide resources for veterans and their spouses to attain a quality education. This is only a start and we need to continue to work to pass bipartisan legislation that will assist our veterans and their families.  We need to continue to look for ways to address the claims backlog, as well as employment, education and other healthcare issues that are important to our veterans and their families.
NA
"The problems facing the VA system go far beyond any one individual. Real reforms are long overdue. This bipartisan bill takes a number of steps to strengthen and modernize the VA system, making it easier for veterans to get the care they deserve."
Congratulations to IU’s Courtney Rookard and Amanda Lanzillo who have been selected from more than 900 applicants for the 2014 Library of Congress Junior Fellows Program in D.C.
Did you know Joe’s office can help Hoosier schools and public libraries build their book collections through the Library of Congress’ Surplus Books Program? Watch the latest installment of “Just Ask Joe” to learn more about this great opportunity, and visit http://1.usa.gov/SQEUEL to start requesting books today.
Always good to see Rushville High School students from Mr. McDaniel’s Government class out in D.C.
During LGBT Pride Month, we celebrate the progress we’ve made and are reminded of the work still left to do.
Had a good conversation with Elon Musk this week about both of his companies: Tesla Motors and SpaceX.
Taking a closer look at SpaceX's Dragon V2 space capsule earlier this week. They are doing amazing things with space technology and will be testing their Falcon 9 reusable rocket in New Mexico.
Make sure to join the event page for my Native American Veterans Summit on Saturday to get updates about the great resources we will have for folks and the who will be in attendance to answer North Dakota’s Native veterans’ questions. 
Today I talked about the importance of investing in clean coal technologies and finding a viable path forward for coal at an Advanced Coal Technology Showcase in Washington, D.C. I’m trying to accomplish these goals with my clean coal legislation so we continue to have affordable and reliable electricity across the country. At my request, U.S. Energy Secretary Moniz participated today and reinforced a willingness to continue that important discussion, including finding a path forward for coal as part of an all-of-the-above energy policy. http://1.usa.gov/1ucf0XH
As student loans have continued to skyrocket and interest rates climb, students and families need a government on their side. Right now, millions of American students are graduating from college and universities but as they are handed their diplomas, they are being handed a lifetime of debt.   Unfortunately yesterday's action by Senate Republicans to filibuster this legislation has again shown that they would rather protect tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires than give middle class families and their children a fair shot at higher education.  Getting a college education is the core of the American dream. I will continue to fight to make sure that every student has access to that dream.
Next week, Claire's holding a hearing where she'll hear testimony from Dr. Mehmet Oz, host of the Dr. Oz Show, to examine deceptive advertising of weight-loss products and to determine what more can be done to protect consumers.   If you or someone you know has been the victim of a scam, let Claire know on her website at: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/submityourscam/. 
Appeared on Andrea Mitchell Reports this afternoon to discuss the latest developments in Iraq.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fe9Lr0EPsQ&feature=youtu.be
StuyTown has always been home to New York's middle class families; let’s keep it that way.
Experience New Hampshire
New Hampshire Business Day Luncheon
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
There's nothing like a hard day’s work on the farm. This one was taken back in 2006. #tbt
