Join me and Congressmember Karen Bass LIVE in a few minutes for the Congressional Forum on children at the intersection of child welfare, foster care systems and domestic child trafficking. We're joining experts to discuss how we can combat this horrific practice. Have a question for the experts? Comment here and we'll do our best to answer them all! Tune in below!  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senblumenthal
NA
In Part Two of this installment of Dick Durbin's "Capitol Report: A Different View," Senator Durbin speaks with retired Senator from Indiana, Richard Lugar, about his accomplishments on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and some of his most memorable experiences abroad.
Today, Senator Donnelly joined Senate colleagues in cosponsoring a bipartisan bill that would award a Congressional Gold Medal to World War II members of the Civil Air Patrol. For more information about the Civil Air Patrol, including its history, click on the link to this post.
Have you followed Senator Donnelly on Twitter? Click here and receive the all updates coming from his office. All tweets by Joe are signed “-Joe”.
Dr. Ernest Moniz just confirmed Secretary of Energy. Hope he joins us in promoting an all-of-the-above energy policy.
Great to visit with students from Hettinger, North Dakota.
It’s time to stop playing politics with the tragedy in Benghazi and focus on the way forward. That’s why I introduced the Embassy Security and Personnel Protection Act of 2013 to prevent future attacks on U.S. diplomats.  Watch my remarks on the Senate Floor.  Our focus should be on doing all that we can to protect our personnel serving overseas and provide the necessary oversight and legislative authority to carry out the Accountability Review Boards’ recommendations.
Today I joined with Senators Kirsten Gillibrand, Susan Collins and Barbara Boxer to introduce bipartisan, bicameral legislation to take action against sexual assault in our military ranks. From Tailhook to Fort Hood, sexual assault is not an isolated incident, it is a systemic and persistent problem.   This legislation will help change the culture in our fighting forces. It will ensure that victims of sexual assault are not victimized again by commanders that looks the other way. Our fighting women and men in uniform need to know they have a government and leadership on their side, and that sexual assault, rape and abuse will not be tolerated.
Just announced a new bill with Senator Blumenthal and Congresswoman Esty to authorize federal funds to help reconstruction of a new Sandy Hook Elementary School. I hope my colleagues in Congress will agree that the little boys and girls at Sandy Hook Elementary shouldn’t be asked to walk the same halls where their classmates were killed.
The Honor Flight Network is a nationwide effort to ensure veterans have the opportunity to visit Washington, D.C. to see the monuments that were built to honor their service.
Had a great talk with Brian Kilmeade this morning on Fox News Radio.   Listen to the interview here:  http://bit.ly/17zTJR5
NA
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 35 - Wood County   Fact: Since 1957, Parkersburg has been known as the Saving Bond Capital of America   Recommendation: Visit historic Blennerhassett Island http://www.blennerhassettislandstatepark.com/
Welcomed Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf to the U.S. Capitol and discussed contributions of Liberians to Rhode Island and the U.S.
Thank you for all your support. I am committed to passing ENDA!
Before he passed away, Senator Ted Kennedy predicted “we will soon succeed” in passing comprehensive immigration reform that lives up to our American ideals. My friend was right. I am sorry he is not here to see this bipartisan legislation working its way through the Senate, but he would be very satisfied with the efforts being made.
Senator Shaheen spoke at a press conference this morning with a bipartisan group of senators to call for immediate action to address sexual assault in the military. Shaheen has been a leader in fighting the crisis of sexual abuse in our Armed Forces and has worked extensively to provide care and services for victims. Click below to watch.
In a speech on the Senate floor, Senator Shaheen denounced the obstructionism of Republican senators who boycotted the nomination vote of Gina McCarthy to head the Environmental Protection Agency. Last week, all eight Republicans on the Environment and Public Works Committee refused to attend the hearing for Ms. McCarthy, meaning that the nomination vote could not be held.
"Sexual assault in the military is intolerable and tragic. This bill calls for tough, pragmatic and necessary changes and I fully support Senator Gillibrand’s efforts." -Senator Brian Schatz  http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/gillibrand-collins-boxer-johanns-benishek-gabbard-begich-blumenthal-coons-franken-hirono-mikulski-pryor-schatz-shaheen-hanna-sinema-joined-by-service-members-victimized-by-sexual-assault-in-announcing-bicameral-legislation-reforming-military-justice-system
Today, I told the President that if he is looking for "actions, not words" to reduce sexual assault in the military, I've proposed some immediate steps he can take.  Read more here: http://www.tester.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=2908
People in New Mexico and all across America feel a sense of outrage over what happened at the IRS – and they should. I'm outraged too. Partisan bias and abuse by the IRS cannot be tolerated. IRS employees failed to carryout their duties impartially and I believe calling for and accepting the resignation of the IRS's top official was the right thing to do. But another failure of the IRS is the failure to stop front groups from filing false statements and engaging in illegal amounts of political activity. It's wrong whether the group may be liberal or conservative, Democrat or Republican. Today I spoke on the Senate floor about the need for transparency under the law. Most importantly, I noted that clear rules should apply to all groups across the board on all sides of the political spectrum. Watch my video to set the record straight and share if you agree: the failure of IRS bureaucrats, billionaires writing political checks but hiding it in the shadows and avoiding taxes – and the way we do business in Washington – has to change.
There are two IRS scandals. The one that we're already talking about and the one that allows dark money to influence our elections.    Click Like & Share if you agree that we must address both of these scandals.
We're one step closing to establishing a National Endowment for the Oceans (NEO)! Today, the U.S. Senate passed the Water Resources Development Act, which will help us move forward on water projects in Rhode Island and included my NEO amendment.
Military families entrust the government with their children’s education, and their children should not be made to suffer because of Congress's inability to get our fiscal act together. I am inviting my colleagues to join with us in a letter to Defense Secretary Hagel urging him to reconsider this decision, and exempt Department of Defense educators from furloughs.
Looking forward to chairing a Senate Budget Committee Government Performance Task Force hearing on making STEM more effective at 10am. Livestream available here: http://1.usa.gov/b6BWGq
