Best of luck to the entire US Olympic Team. I know I join the Baltimore City Fire Department in cheering a little louder for #Baltimore native Summer Britcher.   http://www.baltimoresun.com/sports/olympics/bs-sp-olympics-summer-britcher-20140206,0,6569821,full.story
I’d like to thank Dr. Coburn and all of my colleagues on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, as well as their staffs, for working tirelessly over the past few months to draft and pass a postal reform bill through committee. This is legislation that both parties can get behind as we work to help this proud American institution thrive for decades to come.
Announcing the third annual Opportunity: Africa conference in Delaware! RSVP at www.coons.senate.gov/opportunityafrica
#ICYMI: The National Journal recently ranked Senator Donnelly at the center of the Senate.
Earlier this week, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Innovation announced it will hold multiple Industry Innovation Competitions throughout 2014 centered around improving mental health care for veterans. The goals of these initiatives align well with Joe’s continued efforts to lessen suicide among our servicemembers and veterans.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Bishop Benjamin A. Sanders, pastor of the Church of God in Christ Inc. of Gary where he has served for over 59 years, will receive the Pastor of the Year Award during the Sixth Annual Stellar Gospel Award-Gary Style this Saturday.  
#ICYMI: Disaster Loan Outreach Centers will be open in Howard, Fountain and Daviess counties for those in eligible counties affected by the severe storms on November 17. Click the link to download more information. 
Congratulations to Kokomo native Joel Hunt for being selected to represent Team USA in the Sochi Paralympics. Hunt was injured in 2005 on his third deployment to Iraq. Best of luck to Joel and to all of the other members of Team USA.
Good luck to all our U.S. Olympic athletes competing in Sochi - including 20 from California. I know you’ll make us proud.
I discussed terror threats and safety at the Sochi Olympics on CNN's 'The Lead with Jake Tapper'. Watch here: 
Best of luck to #TeamUSA competing at the #Sochi2014 Winter Olympic Games! You make us proud. Let’s bring home the gold!
Today the President signed the Farm Bill into law. Now I will focus on continuing to make sure it works for North Dakotans. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a837c7b3-6c5a-4242-bff0-9787813d1a15
We were able to improve the postal reform legislation by making my common-sense changes to enable the Postal Service to work better for North Dakotans. Here's a clip of me telling my colleagues what I'm hearing on the ground in North Dakota. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1e8e888b-6aec-49dd-8994-2abd7e08348e
Well before I took office, I made clear that passing a Farm Bill was my top priority. Check out some highlights of what went into making it happen: 
NA
NA
This week I met with Maryland women of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, a distinguished group of women dedicated to social justice and civic leadership. I am so proud to support the work they do in Maryland and across the nation. I believe that in America, people deserve a government on their side. That means a living wage and fair pay, access to America’s opportunity ladder through quality education, and an equal voice in the voting booth. I will continue to fight for children, families and communities that need it most so no one is left out or left behind.
Good luck to Connecticut's eight Olympians! #Sochi2014 #USA
The nonpartisan news magazine National Journal has released its annual rankings of members of Congress from liberal-to-conservative-and Claire has again landed exactly in the moderate middle, ranking #50 out of 100.   Read more about the 2013 rankings here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=12085
Commuting through the Portland snow this morning. Stay safe out there!
ICYMI: I discussed the ongoing chemical spill crisis with MSNBC's Alex Wagner yesterday. Watch it here:
ICYMI: Yesterday I spoke with the folks at WCHS News about the ongoing chemical spill crisis.
As an avid sportsman, I know firsthand that our hunting and fishing heritage is so important to who we are as West Virginians and as Americans. That's why I have cosponsored the Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act of 2014, the first bipartisan, comprehensive sportsmen’s bill in the Senate. The legislation includes policies to enhance opportunities for hunters, anglers, and outdoor recreation enthusiasts, reauthorize key conservation programs, improve access to Federal Lands, and help boost the outdoor recreation economy.  Read more on my website: http://1.usa.gov/1dvjC2g
While our economy has added 8.5 million jobs with 47 consecutive months of job growth, the recovery will not be real for people in Nevada and across the country until they can find a good job and economic security for their families.   Right now, there are 1.7 million Americans, including nearly 22,000 Nevadans, who have seen their lifeline cut off by a Republican filibuster of unemployment insurance.  http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-02-07-reid-statement-on-january-employment-report#.UvUDffldXmt
Glad we've finally gotten some snow around New Mexico - thanks to Samuel and Gerard from Pecos for reminding us how great #NM looks in the winter. Upload your own photo at http://www.flickr.com/groups/senatortomudall-showcasingnewmexico/ #PhotoFriday #ShowcaseNM
Today, legislation to renew unemployment insurance fell one vote short of overcoming yet another GOP filibuster. Right now, thousands of Rhode Islanders remain out of work because of the slow economy.  But that’s not their fault, and we should do everything we can to support them as our economy continues to recover.  Unfortunately, the vast majority of Senate Republicans continued blocking aid to these Rhode Islanders by voting against commonsense legislation to extend emergency unemployment benefits.   I know Senator Reed will continue leading the fight to restore these benefits, and I’ll support him every step of the way.  We can’t give up.
Had the privilege today of participating as 456 people from 86 nations became America's newest citizens. Reminds me that, despite our problems our noisy arguments, the United States of America is still the greatest, strongest, most diverse and entrepreneurial place on God’s earth.
