In case you missed it: Tammy addressed the Senate floor last week about bridging the gap between Washington politicians and working families.
Stop #2: We're in Centennial touring United Launch Alliance and learning more about the various launch vehicles that send weather, telecommunications, and military satellites into space. One thing we keep hearing is the need for STEM education to help create the next generation of big thinkers and innovators. Check out this awesome project by interns at Ball Aerospace and United Launch Alliance.
NA
Today I joined fellow veterans as we honored those who gave the ultimate sacrifice defending our nation at the annual Memorial Day Bridge Ceremony.
On the floor at the Showcase For Commerce with Secretary Shyu.
NA
I viewed Indiana military sexual trauma survivors' stories told on t-shirts this evening at the Clothesline Project at AmVets 99 in Indianapolis. No one serving our nation should have their dignity attacked. We support our survivors and stand with them. -Joe
In April, Joe introduced the Jacob Sexton Military Suicides Prevention Act of 2013, a bill that would establish a pilot program aimed to integrate mental health components into a servicemembers’ annual health assessment. Share this post with your friends if you are for protecting our nation’s heroes who risked their lives for the freedoms of our nation.
Traveling in beautiful Brown County. -Joe
Earlier, Joe met with members of Indiana National Guard for a roundtable discussion on military mental health in the state. While there, the Senator learned about the coordinated support given to Indiana National Guard members at the Tyndall Armory.
TODAY: Joe began his fourth state tour at Indiana University School of Medicine in Indianapolis where he met with Dr. Kubek to learn more about his research on a nasal spray that could help prevent suicidal thoughts among our soldiers. Joe is advocating for military suicide prevention and better military health care services for our servicemembers and veterans.
Just went to the Bison Wind Energy Center dedication in New Salem. We mean it in North Dakota when we say all-of-the-above energy policy.
NA
I toured the Norfolk Naval Shipyard & received helpful feedback from shipyard employees on priorities for the National Defense Authorization Act that the Senate Armed Services Committee will be marking up in the coming weeks.
Speaking with shipyard employees at Norfolk Naval Shipyard
Today, I lost a friend and New Shiloh Baptist Church and the City of Baltimore lost an iconic spiritual leader in Rev. Dr. Harold A. Carter, Sr.   For many years I have worshipped with Rev. Carter at New Shiloh and in doing so, could stay connected to a wonderful community and to its faith based values.   I remember his joy when we talked about his work to empower young people. I remember his lovely wife of 48 years Dr. Weptanomah W. Carter and his talented brother Dr. Nathan Carter who treated me like family. Today my prayers go out to his family, including his son Harold Carter Jr. following in his father’s footsteps, and the entire New Shiloh Baptist Church family.   Reflecting on his life and works as a spiritual giant, I can call him a legend in his own time.  Rev. Dr. Harold A. Carter Sr. was a gifted and talented man of God, and he will be deeply missed by so many.
As a social worker, I know first-hand the important role played in keeping families & communities together. From fighting for abused children & spouses to promoting early education, social workers are on the frontlines.  I introduced the Social Work Reinvestment Act to take on the shortage of social workers across the US who provide critical care to those in need.
Behind the scenes before speaking at Naugatuck Valley Community College's grad ceremony in Waterbury. Congrats graduates!
Was at the Capitol today to kick-off the Puerto Rican parade. One of the most fun events the city hosts each year
Great discussion with the MetroHartford Alliance this morning re healthcare, immigration, transportation, and other issues important to this business community
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 21 - Morgan  Fact: Named for General Daniel Morgan, prominent Revolutionary War general  Recommendation: Visit Berkeley Springs and take a drink from Lord Fairfax’s public tap at the” Country’s First Spa.”
I have spent more time on immigration than any other issue. Because to me, it's a very personal one. Yesterday, I spoke about immigration before a very large crowd in Reno. http://www.rgj.com/article/20130529/NEWS/130529040/Path-Citizenship-Public-Assembly-draws-crowd-Reno
Via JDRF Advocacy - We focus on the Senate Diabetes Caucus co-chairs, and two of JDRF’s most committed and effective supporters: Senator Susan Collins of Maine and Senator Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire. These two distinguished senators—one a Republican and one a Democrat—have made crossing party lines look just as easy as crossing the border between their two home states.
