ICYMI: On PBS Newshour, Tammy expressed hope that the Senate can find common ground, and come together to make a difference for American families on issues such as reducing the deficit and fixing our broken immigration system.
While calling on governors to expand their Medicaid programs, Tammy denounced lies about the President's healthcare reform law, adding that healthcare is a “right guaranteed to all, not a privilege for the few.”
“Medicaid expansion is about protecting the most vulnerable Americans at the most vulnerable moments in their lives.” In her speech at the Families USA Health Action 2013 conference, Tammy discuses the important work we have to do to expand Medicaid, and ensure the Affordable Care Act is properly implemented.
Thanks to everyone who joined me at the 5th Sun Cafe to discuss how we fix our broken immigration system. I appreciate the input and I'm looking forward to working with all Coloradans to develop this bill.
Colorado is a hotbed of patent activity.  The new Patent office in Denver will spur even more innovation in the state. http://www.bizjournals.com/denver/news/2013/02/01/report-denver-boulder-hotbeds-of.html
CELBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH AND THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF MARYLANDER LORD NICKENS  African Americans have been part of the American story from the founding of our nation.  Men and women of African ancestry have been instrumental in forging the great nation we have today.  For too long, racism and prejudice obscured the rich history of African Americans.   Since 1926, February has been Black History Month, a time to celebrate America’s beautiful diversity, and to honor those who have worked hard to ensure that our diversity would forever be one of our greatest strengths. This month we celebrate well-known heroes -- Rosa Parks, W.E.B. Du Bois, Jackie Robinson, Thurgood Marshall, Frederick Douglass – and the list goes on.  While Black History Month is a national celebration, there are a number of African Americans from Maryland who deserve special recognition.   I wanted to take this opportunity to talk about one such Marylander -- a man of conviction, a veteran, a civil rights leader and a humanitarian.  Lord Nickens, a longtime resident of Frederick, Maryland, is a name many Marylanders may not know, but he is someone who deserves to have his story told.   Born in 1913, his parents moved the family from Virginia to Frederick to escape the malignant and dangerous climate of Virginia’s Jim Crow laws.  As a young man, although denied many of the rights of a citizen because of his race, Nickens was drafted into World War II. During the war, he served in the Pacific rose to the rank of Sergeant Major before being honorably discharged.   After the war, Nickens married and began working as a lab technician at Fort Detrick.  In the following years, Nickens was a part of history; he attended Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I Have a Dream Speech,” organized boycotts against businesses supporting segregationalist George Wallace, and founded the Frederick Community Action Agency (FCAA), helping Frederick families in need.    Nickens served 22 years as President of the Frederick County NAACP. During his tenure as President he was targeted for assassination by the Ku Klux Klan, a plan that was foiled by a tip to police.  The following year, Nickens changed the law by successfully suing Frederick County for issuing discriminatory public-rally permits to the KKK.   On January 4, Lord Nickens passed away at the age of 99.  Many people honored him in his passing, paying special tribute to his vision of a better world.  He once invited members of the KKK to a meeting of the NAACP to show the futility of hatred.  He will certainly be remembered as a civil rights pioneer and model Marylander, who had received special recognition and praise from both Dr. King and Rosa Parks.    But he will also be remembered for much more by those who knew him.  He made our state and our nation a better place through his commitment to core principles of equality, justice and fairness. As we celebrate Black History Month, we celebrate Lord Nickens -- and people like him -- who devote their lives to ending racism and hatred.
Have you stopped by the King Center Imaging Project at Del State yet? This project showcases close to 200,000 pieces of historical documents including famous speeches like the "I have a Dream Speech." One interactive part of the exhibit is to write down your dream, which I did, here written in blue marker, and placed among others. I encourage everyone to stop by and check it out the next time you're in Dover.
Meeting LPN students at Polytech Adult Education in Woodside today.
After sending service members to war, we have the responsibility to care for them when they return. If you or someone you know requires help, please call 1-800-273-8255 and Press 1 or visit http://www.veteranscrisisline.net/ We must do our part to ensure our returning veterans receive the care, training and support they need and deserve.
The Keystone Job Corps plays a critical role in helping at risk youth get the skills they need to compete for jobs. The Department of Labor’s enrollment freeze is a step in the wrong direction. Unemployment in Pennsylvania is still too high. At a time like this we need to be doing all we can to help residents get jobs, not taking steps to make finding work more difficult.
Congratulations to National Medal of Technology and Innovation recipients Dr. Frances Arnold of California Institute of Technology and Dr. Art Rosenfeld of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory!
Minot and the surrounding communities have made great strides on the road to full recovery thanks to the resilience of their residents and the efforts and cooperation of federal, state and local agencies,. However, unmet needs still exist and we will continue to work through HUD and other federal agencies to advance flood protection and recovery efforts in disaster affected regions of North Dakota. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339522
Sent a letter to USDA: make sure that American families know where their meat comes from. http://1.usa.gov/XNwf0q
Touring E Hartford pump station. For those who think gov does nothing, check out this pic
Getting a demonstration of the destructive power of military-style assault weapons from the CT State Police
Over the last 3 months, we gained 624,000 private sector jobs and lost another 24,000 public sector jobs. #biggovernment
Senator Joe Manchin enjoyed coffee and talked with West Virginians at "Wednesday Wake-Up with Joe."
NA
Enjoyed meeting with students from Lincoln School and Providence Country Day who were visiting our nation’s capital this week.  Lots of great questions on both domestic and foreign policy.
America’s diversity has the ability to bring us together and make us stronger. During Black History Month we celebrate our diversity and the immense contributions of the African-American community in the United States. In each generation, black leaders work to galvanize the country to advance equality and fairness. Because of their courage, our nation’s narrative is defined by virtues like acceptance, openness, and love. I am inspired by those who help to break down barriers to create new possibilities for all.
Senator Shaheen appeared on MSNBC's Hardball with Chris Matthews to offer her perspective on the confirmation hearing of Secretary of Defense nominee Senator Chuck Hagel.
Fighting to make sure Montanans know where their food comes from.
We give our solemn thanks to the five men and two women who gave their lives aboard the Space Shuttle Columbia ten years ago today. These individuals, including Arlington native and Navy captain David McDowell Brown, are part of a long line of American heroes who have worked tirelessly in the face of great danger to push the boundaries of human knowledge.  They live on in our memories and in the efforts of those who have continued their work at NASA, including at Virginia’s own NASA's Wallops Flight Facility and NASA Langley Research Center
"Warner said if no deal can be negotiated and the automatic cuts begin, Congress should give the military more control over where cuts are made, rather than enforce the across-the-board cuts demanded under sequestration.
 
 "I've got to convince them... there's a stupid way and a less stupid way to do it." http://1.usa.gov/TlIhln (staff)
