As a lifelong Wisconsinite, it's an honor for Tammy to represent all of #WI. She’s worked to build relationships in Washington to help the middle class in Wisconsin.
The Maryland My Maryland contest ends TODAY at 5pm. If you have photos or other visual this is your chance to share them with your fellow Marylanders. There's so much beauty and history in Maryland we hope you'll participate! 
 
 
 http://alturl.com/ixfgd
I joined Mark Momcilovich and Kristin Momcilovich James, family members of fallen Vietnam War Army Capt. Michael Momcilovich Jr., at the Vietnam War Memorial in Brandywine Park as Mark and Kristin received Capt. Momcilovich Jr.’s military driver’s license from the South Vietnamese soldier Ngoc Van Va who recovered it from the field decades ago.
These students have a bright future!
Speaking this morning at the John P. Murtha Breakfast.
NA
NA
In Muncie, Joe had lunch with the Sexton family.  Jacob Sexton, a military veteran, tragically took his own life in ’09. Joe named his first bill, the Sexton Act, after Jacob. The bill would improve suicide prevention efforts in the military. It establishes a pilot program to integrate mental health components into a service members’ annual health assessment.  Joe hopes this program could help soldiers like Jacob who need help during their service to their country.
Senator Donnelly began his day in Richmond with a visit to veterans at the American Legion Post 65. Joe wanted to hear from veterans about what services are working and where there can be improvements to mental health care programs for veterans.
Honored to address the Central Middle School graduation in Devils Lake. Now discussing important water issues with local & tribal leaders.
About to speak at the UAS Summit in Grand Forks.
Just toured Ted’s Last Stand Farm & Gardens in Gordonsville and spoke with farmers about my support for a full five-year farm bill to provide farmers in Virginia and across the nation with the long-term certainty they deserve.
Held a roundtable discussion with local farmers in Charlottesville on how passing a long-term farm bill will help Virginia’s farmers and agriculture industry.
Great day today in Southeastern CT. Focused a lot of the day on visits with farmers and businesses who will be impacted by the Farm Bill, which is being considered by the U.S. Senate right now.
As a deadline approaches that would double the interest rate on federally-backed student loans from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent, Claire pledged to students in Columbia today that she would continue her efforts to keep those rates affordable for Missouri students.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 20 - Preston   Fact: Preston County was established on January 19, 1818 and named after James Patton Preston, then governor of Virginia.   Recommendation: The Buckwheat Festival has been a Preston County tradition since 1938. Check it out this September: http://www.buckwheatfest.com/
The clock is ticking. In just over one month, interest rates on student loans are set to double. Next week, the Senate will vote on a common-sense proposal to prevent middle class families from being hit with a rate hike that could cost them thousands.  I hope my Senate Republican colleagues will put politics aside and join us in providing middle-class families with the security of knowing they won't be forced to pay thousands more for student loans on July first. This is exactly the kind of common-sense proposal we need to keep our economy growing.
Emphasizing the need to increase government transparency and reduce wasteful spending, Senator Shaheen has called on the White House to make reforms to an outdated classification system that increases government secrecy and costs taxpayers money - Via The Huffington Post
Hurricane season begins tomorrow. Talk to your family. Make sure you are prepared in case of emergency.  http://www.ready.gov/hurricanes
As we head into another hot and dry weekend, please keep in mind the fire restrictions in place throughout the state. You can find information on restrictions, closures and alerts for all 33 counties in New Mexico below. Please be safe and spread the word by visiting this website and sharing it with your friends.
Please keep the community of Pecos in your thoughts today as the Tres Lagunas Fire continues to burn. I have been in contact with local leaders and my staff is working to make sure the agencies have the resources they need. I also encourage everyone to visit the New Mexico Fire Information website for more information on the fire and containment efforts.
"As we work to grow our economy, we have to make sure college is affordable and achievable for all aspiring New Mexican students. That's why we must prevent an interest rate hike to help keep costs low and provide certainty for New Mexico students and their families. If Congress doesn't act, New Mexico students could face double the interest rate on new undergraduate Stafford loans and pay about $1,000 more per loan. Grants and loans are very important to our students, often making the difference of being able to attend college or not I'm supporting a bill that will extend the 3.4% interest rate on new undergraduate Stafford loans for two years, as we pursue a long-term fix. As Congress debates this issue, we need to hear your voice. Like this post and share it with others to help us prevent these rates from being doubled!
