Tammy really enjoyed talking to, Founders Day Contest winners, Darryl and his wife Bridget at the Founders Day Dinner this weekend.
Children’s Hospital is at the forefront of cutting edge work on new treatments for kids with Cystic Fibrosis like Caleb, who now lives an active, 7-year-old’s life. A law we passed last year is helping bring treatments similar to the one he is receiving to thousands more patients quickly and safely.
Check out my op-ed in today’s Pittsburgh Post-Gazette about reinvesting in our waterways.
Good meeting with Congreso, also enjoyed working on my jump shot with the kids.
VIDEO: Yesterday I was on Meet the Press and talked about the Benghazi attacks, immigration reform and sexual assault in the military.
NA
Had another great Farm Bill discussion in Bismarck. Reaffirmed that we need a Farm Bill now!
Very bright students at the North Dakota Know Your State competition at Bismarck State College-beyond
Heading to the groundbreaking for the new Bobcat Company Acceleration Center in Bismarck
During National Police Week, let's all take the time to thank police officers in Virginia and across the U.S. for their hard work and bravery.
Check out my CNN op-ed about the recent elections in Pakistan: http://bit.ly/13eRECZ
My Google Hangout is starting soon, send your questions using #AskMurphy, and tune in at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1sNBUBdaKo&feature=youtu.be
Looking forward to another Google Hangout tonight at 6pm. Don’t forget to tweet your questions using #AskMurphy or leave them here
One Springfield woman’s personal story is shedding light on the serious problem of sexual assault in the military. She spoke to KY3 about how lawmakers’ work, including Claire's, have encouraged her to tell her story and help other survivors of these violent crimes.
Just posted some great photos of my family and me celebrating my granddaughter's birthday this weekend. Please click this link to check them out on my Tumblr page:   http://joemanchin.tumblr.com/
The actions of the IRS are unacceptable and un-American.   http://1.usa.gov/13t8L7H
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 38 - Braxton County  Fact: Named for Carter Braxton, a signer of the Declaration of Independence  Recommendation: Visit two great lakes - Burnsville and Sutton
Nevada has come a long way in developing our nation’s clean energy best practices and I’m pleased to announce a $20,000,000 grant for UNLV, UNR, and Desert Research Institute to work together to improve solar installations on desert lands. I'm confident that their findings will allow our state to harness its clean energy potential.
Senator Shaheen partnered with Under Secretary Rose Gottemoeller for forums in Concord and Manchester today to discuss the role of export control and STEM Education to growing New Hampshire’s economy. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/13VliA5
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today condemning the IRS's undue scrutiny on organizations based on their political affiliations:  "The news that the IRS targeted organizations for additional review based on their political affiliations is deeply troubling and deserves full investigation.  This was an outrageous abuse of power that must be addressed. The IRS cannot be in the business of singling out organizations based on their political beliefs, and the President should act quickly and decisively in holding those responsible for this abuse accountable."
This is National Police Week, a time to recognize the selflessness of those who put their lives on the line to keep our communities safe.  Click LIKE to join me in thanking the men and women who help make Montana the best state to live, work and raise a family.
“These appalling actions by the IRS are completely unacceptable. We need a quick but thorough investigation, and those who are found to have been responsible for this betrayal of the public trust should be fired.”  -Senator Warner (staff)
