Team Maryland Announces more than $1 Million to Recruit and Retain Firefighters in Baltimore   WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski along with Representative Elijah E. Cummings,  Dutch Ruppersberger and Congressman John Sarbanes (all D-Md.) today announced that the the #Baltimore County Fire Department has been awarded $1,052,403 in federal funding to hire 11 firefighters through the Department of Homeland Security Staffing for Adequate Fire & Emergency Response (SAFER) grant program. A hiring preference will be given to military #veterans.  "Neighborhoods across Baltimore will be safer now that we have federal funding to fill these essential firefighter positions. We will be able to attract and retain the most capable first responders, while also providing opportunities for our veterans to utilize their military training in the civilian workplace," said Senator Cardin. "These dedicated men and women put their lives on the line for all of us and we owe them our support."    "I know how important this funding is to Maryland communities – often it's the difference between life and death. First responders protect our homes and communities, and the federal government has a responsibility to protect them by providing them with the tools and training they need to do their jobs safer and smarter. These funds in the federal checkbook will better safeguard Baltimore County families and businesses by putting more firefighter boots on the ground protecting lives and livelihoods. By hiring veterans first, we will ensure promises made are promises kept. Our veterans who have fought on the front lines shouldn't have to stand in line for a job," Senator Mikulski said. "Every day when our first responders report for duty, they don't know what they will face. That's why I fight every year for the equipment, training, and staffing our protectors and communities deserve."    "I congratulate the Baltimore County Fire Department for earning the SAFER Grant.  These funds will ensure that our firemen and women will have all of the critical resources they need - including sufficient depth in staffing - to serve the County most efficiently and effectively," Congressman Cummings said. "I am pleased that the Department of Homeland Security has made this investment in our first responders and I am confident that this endowment will only further the Department's commitment to serving and protecting the residents of Baltimore County."    "This grant funds just the type of basic needs governments should be investing in during tough times - jobs and citizen safety," Congressman Ruppersberger said. "I am thrilled that Baltimore County will now be able to hire 11 new firefighters and particularly pleased that every effort will be made to hire U.S. veterans. This is about protecting those that protect us."   "This critical investment will help ensure the Baltimore County Fire Department can protect our communities and keep our families safe," said Congressman Sarbanes. "Our first responders are ready to roll at the sound of the alarm, but they can't do their job safely if the department is understaffed. I will continue working hard to make sure these brave men and women have the resources they need."  The Baltimore County Fire Department will use the award funds to hire and fill 11 firefighter positions that were eliminated in fiscal year 2013 due to budget restrictions. Using grant funds would decrease the current expenses related to filling vacancies and ensure that the department will not need to reduce services or shift the staffing burden to volunteers. These 11 #firefighters will directly provide fire suppression, hazard mitigation, fire and safety education and emergency medicals services to #Baltimore communities. The goal of any SAFER grant is to enhance the ability of grantees to attain and maintain 24-hour staffing. The objective of the program is to award grants directly to volunteer, combination, and career fire departments to help the departments increase the number of frontline firefighters, and to rehire firefighters who were laid off due to the economy.   Since 2001, Maryland fire departments and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) units have received over $131.5 million in fire grant funding, approximately $13.8 million of which was awarded to Fire and EMS departments in Baltimore County.
This morning, I got to meet with fellow veterans from across the country to talk about how we in Congress can better serve their needs. One thing I was proud to share was my work to improve veterans' education benefits, like the GI Bill, and prevent bad actors from abusing or defrauding our vets as they try to get a higher education. We have a serious responsibility to not only thank those who have served but to do all we can to help them live full, happy, successful lives.
Today, the Center for American Progress joined a growing chorus of organizations supporting the bipartisan student loan reform bill that I helped write. Check out their thoughtful and explanatory endorsement here: http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/higher-education/news/2013/07/23/70345/the-bipartisan-student-loan-certainty-act-would-protect-our-students/.
Proud to stand with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Rep. George Miller, and Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards to call for an increase in the minimum wage- Good for workers, families & economy #MWRaise
Hit It Toomey 10 - Scrantonicity 20. Great game!
NA
The sequester is slowing the pace, increasing the cost, and potentially eroding the quality of the delivery of justice in this country. Senator Coons chaired a hearing yesterday to look at this problem, and Delaware's Federal Public Defender, Edson Bostic, came to Washington for it.
NA
National Cattlemen's Beef Association: Livestock producers are grateful to Senators Donnelly and Grassley for introducing the #FarmerIdentityAct.
READ: National Guard Association of the United States supports Senator Donnelly’s bipartisan Military Reserve Jobs Act.
In committee yesterday, I discussed strengthening the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which supports public access to federal lands and New Mexico's thriving outdoor recreation economy. We have 68,000 jobs and $6.1 billion in consumer spending tied to outdoor recreation in our state, where hunting, fishing, and camping drive an enormous portion of our economy. What's your favorite place to get outdoors?
Just voted for a #bipartisan #studentloans bill to give long-term certainty to #NorthDakota families.
Good conversation with Capitol Hill interns. The intern lecture series was started by President Ford when he was a member of the House of Representatives.
During Senate Banking hearing, I made clear the importance of community banks, credit unions & the need for GSE reform.
"It’s an old American story: malign policies hatched in Washington leading to pain and death in Indian country. It was true in the 19th century. It is true now"
Senator Kaine and Senator Durbin tour Newport News Shipbuilding - in Newport News, VA
I’m proud to join Senator John Thune (R-SD) to introduce the Intergenerational Financial Obligations Reform (INFORM) Act, co-sponsored by Senators Chris Coons (D-DE) and Rob Portman (R-OH), to increase transparency in the federal budget. As we look to make tough budget decisions, more information is critical to making prudent fiscal choices. A better understanding of the long term impacts of changes in the economy, or new spending and tax policies, will help us evaluate these programs with the important perspective of how those decisions will affect future generations, not just our own.
RECOMMENDED READ: Today, there’s new info out about how important our growing diversity is in America (hint: our diversity is a huge economic asset!)
 
 Check out the interesting stat below & find more like it in the Center of American Progress’ full report: http://bit.ly/14HjE8n 
 
 I talked about this earlier today: http://1.usa.gov/19itO1f
Little Madision Juzba dropped off this picture she colored for me today. A perk of being a Senator, I guess!
Larry Summers as Fed Chair? Disconcerting... He will have many questions to answer.
I am so pleased to announce  passage of the “Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act” by a vote of 81-18.  I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for coming together to pass this commonsense, long-term fix that lowers rates for all of our students.  In just a few short weeks, students will be returning to school knowing with certainty what their interest rates will be on their loans for the upcoming school year.    http://1.usa.gov/170usdL
Voting YES on the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act will save students $8 billion dollars in interest in 2013 and $31 billion dollars over the next four years.
MUST WATCH: Students and families, today I urged all of my colleagues to support the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act, a bill I cosponsored to permanently lower rates for ALL students.   "Like" and share this video if you agree that Congress should vote yes on our bipartisan compromise and lower the rate on all undergraduate loans from 6.8 percent to 3.8 percent.  http://bit.ly/15g8B3R
Tune in now to learn about how the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act will lower rates for ALL students. http://1.usa.gov/1div1CY
Take action and like this post to show you support the Reed-Warren amendment to help keep student loans affordable.
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
The Charlie Morgan Act to expand benefits for same-sex military couples cleared a major legislative hurdle today when it was passed by the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee. The bill is named after NH Chief Warrant Office Charlie Morgan, who passed away earlier this year after a battle with breast cancer. Morgan’s wife and daughter have not been eligible for certain survivor benefits because of the definition of “spouse” in federal code.
Reaffirming her commitment to making college affordable for New Hampshire students and families, Senator Shaheen took to the Senate floor this afternoon to voice her support for a bipartisan compromise to keep student loan interest rates low. Click below to watch.
Senator Shaheen had lunch today with the 2013 class of Summer Interns. These students hail from across New Hampshire and have been a great addition to Team Shaheen while gaining first hand experience in public service. If you or anyone you know is interested in the intern program with Senator Shaheen, please visit http://bit.ly/N0AXcL.
Shaheen staff to hold office on Wednesday, July 31 from 11:30 am to 12:30 pm in Lebanon and 1:30 to 2:30 pm in Hanover. All area residents are encouraged to attend!
Congratulations to Dayton Duncan of Walpole on his Emmy nomination for Outstanding Writing!
Rural veterans deserve the same level of care as veterans from urban areas, and today my newest measures to help more Montana veterans access the care and support they earned is one step closer to becoming law.  Read more about my bill here: 1.usa.gov/13bLa7B
I’ve been proud to stand with Senator Jack Reed in seeking a fair resolution to the student loan crisis.  Senator Reed’s plan would have lowered rates for students today while placing a reasonable cap on future rates.  With such a fair deal on the table, I could not support the bill passed by the Senate today, which will allow interest rates to skyrocket in a few years.  Students deserve better. #dontdoublemyrate
Glad to vote yes on bipartisan Senate compromise on #studentloans. Will continue working on keeping college affordable for all students.
