Please read and share my Op-Ed in the Huffington Post about what is really on the ballot this November: 
ICYMI: Yesterday, Tammy reacted to the Supreme Court declining to consider appeals from several states, including Wisconsin, in which they sought to prohibit same-sex marriage, saying the "action by the U.S. Supreme Court is a huge victory for freedom and equality both in Wisconsin and in states across America. And now we can proudly say that marriage equality is the law of the land in Wisconsin. Love is love, family is family, and discriminating against anyone’s love, against anyone’s family, is not only wrong, it’s unconstitutional. This is a huge step forward for our entire country being a place where every family’s love and commitment can be recognized and respected under the law.” -TB   Read more about Tammy and others’ reactions to this monumental decision in Wisconsin, here: 
This weeks constituent story is about Melanie from Stratford. Melanie came to us looking for help with her naturalization process. She works as a customs compliance officer and wants to become a customs broker, but must first become a citizen in order to take the exam. My office worked with the Hartford USCIS office to expedite her case and schedule an interview earlier this month. She was naturalized on Friday, Oct 3 and will be sitting for the exam next week. When Melanie learned of this result, she wrote: “This is truly the most wonderful country in the world. I'm VERY proud to be an AMERICAN!!!”   Melanie and her son provided these happy photos—congratulations Melanie and family!
Last night, the Hartford Fire Department lost a hero. One firefighter died, and three were injured, while saving the lives of others. The man who died was a 48-year-old Hartford native, and a six-year veteran of the department.   My thoughts and prayers are with his family and his fellow firefighters, and I hope we can all take time today to remember and honor the brave work these men and women do every day to keep us all safe. -RB
Morgan State University, Baltimore, Maryland and Baltimore District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers came together to introduce Baltimore students to the world of engineering education and careers.
Joe stopped by Elder Heart in Nashville today—a non-profit veteran organization seeking to raise awareness of veteran suicide and to connect local communities and veterans through community projects and art.  “Elder Heart’s mission of ‘Warriors helping warriors through community projects’ is fitting because the organization employs and works to empower our heroes through art work and other local initiatives. Our veterans stand to benefit from the experience, and folks living in and visiting Nashville can appreciate the art, while at the same time becoming more aware of the challenges facing our heroes, including military and veteran suicide.” -Joe
On September 3rd, 2014, Joe hosted U.S. Secretary of Labor Tom Perez for a series of visits with Indiana workers, students, and employers to discuss and highlight some of the innovative job training approaches in the Indianapolis area.  U.S. Representative Andre Carson joined them for the visit.
Balloon glow or early morning liftoff?  How do you enjoy the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta?
Today the U.S. Surface Transportation Board took new action to help address agriculture shipment delays. It will require more transparency from all railroads by having them reveal more data about their rail shipment delays of all products, including agriculture, energy, and other commodities. For more than eight months, our farmers and grain elevators have lost out because of serious agriculture shipment delays across the state. To stop these delays, prevent them in the future, and help our farmers do their jobs, we need to hold the railroads accountable. Over the past several months, I’ve been in regular contact with STB Chairman Elliot and pressed him to look at the delays in our state and determine if there’s anything the agency can do. Today’s announcement shows that the STB understands the serious consequences of delays on the rails. I will continue to work with STB Chairman Elliot to make sure we reduce this backlog so our natin’s producers, processors, and their families continue to thrive. 
Bringing domestic violence out of the shadows takes a village. For Domestic Violence Awareness Month in October, today I brought together officials and advocates in Fargo to talk about how far we have come in stopping domestic violence with the 20th anniversary of the enactment of the Violence Against Women Act, and discuss how there is still a great deal of work to do.The annual incidences of domestic violence have fallen more than 60% since the Violence Against Women Act was passed and I implemented it as North Dakota’s Attorney General in the 1990s. This law’s passage told women who were victims of domestic and sexual abuse that they were no longer alone, and that domestic violence was no longer going to be treated as just a public health issue, but as what it is – a criminal act. As a U.S. Senator, the first bill I cosponsored and help pass was legislation to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. And I fought to make sure the bill included needed protections for Native American women, a population that I have been calling for extra protections for I served as North Dakota’s Attorney General. I will continue to work to bring domestic violence out of the shadows and make sure victims know they’re not alone, and today’s discussion was an important step to do that. http://1.usa.gov/1uBPSxr
Senator McCaskill travels to universities across Missouri to talk directly with students, educators, and law enforcement on ways to combat sexual violence on campus—and get feedback on her bipartisan legislation to protect and empower students, and strengthen accountability and transparency for institutions.
During a #claireoncampus tour stop at Missouri State University, Claire chats with Springfield students who are registering to vote and strongly encourages them to stay engaged and involved.
McCaskill's "proposed Campus Accountability and Safety Act [is] designed to require schools to improve resources for sexual assault victims, boost training for campus staff, enhance cooperation with law enforcement officials, and put teeth in federal penalties for not aggressively investigating and reporting sexual violence.  These are worthwhile goals to better protect students and hold university officials more accountable for providing safer campuses.  Students and their parents would benefit from these outcomes."
One step closer to an #I70Series, again! Congrats St. Louis Cardinals. On to the #NLCS!
Congrats to the people of Providence and Mayor Angel Taveras - Providence has been named America's Favorite City for 2014 by Travel + Leisure magazine!  http://www.travelandleisure.com/articles/americas-favorite-cities-2014
Don't miss today's tip for #FirePreventionWeek #firesafety
Today, all of Western New York can yell out, 'Touchdown!' because we have secured long-term owners for the Bills who are fully committed to keeping the team in Western New York for generations. Over the course of these past few months, I spoke regularly with the NFL and with a number of owners and conveyed my belief that the Pegulas, with their Buffalo roots, were fully committed to the Bills' future in Western New York and the right pair to carry on Ralph Wilson's legacy. The owners have made an excellent decision in unanimously approving the Pegulas' ownership of the team, and I am confident Terry and Kim will be excellent stewards of this next chapter in Bills history. I look forward to working with them in the years to come.  
I helped President Karas and Montana veterans dedicate Flathead Valley Community College’s Veterans’ Center today.  Initiatives like this center are good examples of getting needed resources and support to veterans ‘on the ground.'
