What a great time on #Assateague Island today. Had the pleasure of meeting with young people from the #MD Coastal Stewards Program.  They understand that there is much at stake when it comes to protecting our environment. I will continue to make sure that programs like this  can continue. My hat is off to these young Marylanders for spending their summer in the fight to #SaveTheBay.
Three years ago today, Marylander Warren Weinstein  was kidnapped  by al Qaeda in Lahore, Pakistan. A life-long humanitarian and development worker, Warren dedicated more than 40 years of his life to improving the lives of others. Warren is now 73 and in poor health. We must do all that we can to bring him home.
Wild times in #Worcester! This young bald eagle from Wyoming is being rehabbed by MD DNR Wildlife & Heritage Service on Assateague Island State Park. Welcome to Maryland!
Reminder that the first of our two veterans job fairs is this Monday from 10-2 at the Carlisle Fire Company in Milford. Read more at http://www.carper.senate.gov/veterans
We have already received some amazing photos for our Summer Facebook Cover Photo contest. Check out this beautiful shot of sunflowers at Penn's Cave from Anna in Lewisburg!   Please submit your favorite PA summer photo to photos@casey.senate.gov by this Friday to be considered. Also note, that we will crop all photos to the facebook cover photo dimensions of 851 px by 315 px. Wide, landscape shots best fit these dimensions.
Wishing good luck to all those competing as the National Veterans Wheelchair Games get underway in Philly! #NVWG
Senator Coons, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, joined MSNBC's Jonathan Capehart on Sunday to discuss U.S. engagement in Iraq.
Joe toured Beck’s Hybrids in Atlanta, the largest family-owned, retail seed company in the United States, to learn more about the company, its growth over the past 15 years, and the development of new technology.
Joe toured Scott Farms in Pierceton this week to see how their use of cover crops and other conservation practices are impacting local water quality.
Having role models and leaders like Professor Mirzakhani helps inspire more women and girls to participate in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. #STEM 
It was great to have the Stanley Cup in North Dakota yesterday. Who knew it had to be given baths? Like/share if you were part of the 5,000 people who stood in line outside the Ralph Engelstad Arena to get your picture with it, or saw it at one of the many places it visited in Grand Forks.
North Dakota will receive more than $520,000 in federal funds to support local law enforcement and governments working to improve the safety and well-being of their communities. Since my time as North Dakota’s Attorney General, I have seen firsthand the challenges facing our state’s law enforcement and I know that with North Dakota’s population and economic growth, the challenges will continue. These funds are absolutely critical to providing local law enforcement and communities across North Dakota with the tools and resources they need to keep our families safe.  
Honored to announce that life-long Native family services employee, Ina Olson of Belcourt, will be honored as a 2014 Angel In Adoption. Ina is an inspiration. For more than 20 years, she has committed her life to making sure the children on the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation are in safe and loving homes. Ina has truly changed children’s lives, and I’m thrilled to nominate her. As an Angel in Adoption, she will be recognized for her work improve the lives of foster and adopted children during a ceremony with advocates from across the country in September. http://1.usa.gov/1prJPsT
Today marks 3 years since Marylander Warren Weinstein was abducted in Pakistan - now is the time to bring him home. #freewarrenweinstein
Ok Elizabeth Esty, took the #IceBucketChallenge to #StrikeOutALS (filmed by the best camera man around). Jim Himes I nominate you next https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4VbQfVvVQ4
What happens when you refuse to expand Medicaid. #ACAworks http://t.co/wW6OM8bAaN
“As we continue to grieve for Michael and his family, I’m working to make sure the federal piece of this investigation is fair, transparent, and moving forward without delay. As it proceeds, I’ll be remaining in close touch with the Department of Justice, and am reaching out personally to local elected officials and religious leaders, to keep monitoring the painful events on the ground in Ferguson.” - Claire 
With wind energy, we can create good jobs & growth while building a more sustainable, low-carbon economy.
Completed the #IceBucketChallenge today with the help of the RI Chapter of The ALS Association to help #StrikeOutALS.   Calling all Rhode Islanders: It's your turn! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxInaAVlZAk&feature=youtu.be
Today, I visited the solar panel project at Cooper Mountain. Clean energy projects like this one are creating thousands of jobs in Nevada.   On September 4 in Las Vegas, we'll be discussing the economic impact of clean energy. Visit www.cleanenergysummit.org
Great to hear that Virginia Tech's unmanned aircraft systems test site is now operational. UAS is a growing industry with huge economic growth potential and limitless applications from agriculture to law enforcement to disaster response. Today puts Virginia on the map as a leader in the field. 
NA
