This is America. This is the 21st century. Women should be able to access affordable birth control. 
Read my op-ed with Senator Murray on how the Affordable Care Act is improving the health and well-being of millions of women and families: 
Senator Blumenthal agrees—and we do, too—that women, not bosses, should be in charge of their personal health care decisions.  361,000 women in Connecticut enjoy the right to insurance coverage of contraception without any additional costs. Today, the Supreme Court will hear arguments brought by for-profit corporations who want to take away their employees’ right to insurance coverage of birth control. A decision in favor of these companies could seriously undermine women’s access to birth control.  Share this if you’re with us.
Great #RetroBaltimore/ The Baltimore Sun piece on the Senior U.S Senator from Maryland, my colleague and our friend-   U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski  "No matter how much time she spends in Washington, however, Mikulski remains a certified Baltimorean; few Bawlamer accents have gained such national notoriety. She’s equally at home pressing her fellow senators, as chair of the Appropriations Committee, to restore money earmarked for needy families that had been cut during the sequestration battle, or speaking movingly to an audience at the Maryland Film Festival about why the movie “To Kill a Mockingbird” had such a profound effect on her."   #MDWomenLead #MarylandDay #MdPolitics #WHM 
A boss can veto your vacation request but they shouldn't be able to veto your use of #contraception #NotMyBossBusiness
Let's #HearTheCrunch in #Maryland and across America. Proud to partner with Maryland Hunger Solutions to fight food insecurity.
Ben is about to deliver keynote remarks on a #Progressive Consumption Tax and #TaxReform at the  #AtlanticTaxSummit. The remarks will be followed by an interview and conversation moderated by Nancy Cook of the National Journal   Watch live here
Happy Birthday indeed to the First State National Monument. Hard to believe it's been a year, here's to many more!
More than 7 million Americans don’t know they have diabetes. Today, on the American Diabetes Association’s Diabetes Alert Day, take a minute and learn your risk level for type 2 diabetes- http://diabetes.org/takeitshareit
There’s less than a week to get covered if you haven’t done so already. There are three enrollment events tonight in New Castle and Sussex Counties, go to http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance/Calendar#special-events to find one near you.
The families who lost loved ones during this Legionnaires’ outbreak deserve to have all the facts about what happened during that time period. Releasing these internal investigations could provide additional information to the families and shed new light on how the VA handled the outbreak. While the VA has taken steps towards reform since the outbreak there is still more to be done. In the coming months I’m hopeful that legislation I’ve cospsonsored with Senator Burr, that would require the VA to improve the way it reports infectious diseases, will come to the Senate floor.
“Decisions about a woman’s health care options should be made in a doctor’s office, not in a boardroom. If certain contraceptive options violate a woman’s personal religious beliefs, she is free not to pursue those options, but her employer should not be allowed to make that decision for her."
On Monday, Senator Donnelly returned from a bipartisan congressional delegation to Ukraine, Afghanistan, and Israel. While there he had the chance to meet with Hoosier servicemembers, government leaders, and other military personnel. Learn more about Senator Donnelly’s delegation here http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/senator-donnelly-visits-ukraine-afghanistan-and-israel.
Joe had the chance this morning to meet with Indiana American Legion members to discuss critical veterans issues.
Join Joe today in celebrating all of the contributions of Hoosier farmers and producers on National Agriculture Day! Find out more at http://www.agday.org/.
Veterans must beware of predatory lending scams targeting those receiving GI Bill benefits. Report incidents here: 
Read my statement on proposed reforms to the NSA call records program.
I’m glad to see that we’re finally coming to the broad consensus that collecting data on millions of innocent Americans is not an effective way to combat terrorism.  While the devil is always in the details, I look forward to reviewing the President’s final proposal.
Chatted with Major General Sprynczynatyk and other brave leaders of the North Dakota National Guard today.
As a member of the Senate Banking Committee, I appreciated talking with the North Dakota Banker’s Association about its priorities.
Investing in agriculture research is a clear priority. Today, North Dakotans with the U.S. Department of Agriculture Agricultural Research Service came in to talk about what they’re working on and how the Farm Bill will help them in the future.
North Dakota FFA cultivates opportunities of leadership, responsibility and knowledge. Today I met with an impressive due from the North Dakota FFA - Rugby resident Joshua Stutrud and Katie Vculek from Oakes – who came in to talk about renewable fuel standards, crop insurance, wetland laws and other agriculture related issues.
Today’s Senate hearing, which I called for, examined how we better train our first responders for emerging threats and hazards, like the derailment in Casselton. Casselton Fire Chief Tim McLean came to Washington, D.C. to testify at the hearing, provide helpful information for first responders across the country, and share his experiences after the train derailment near Casselton on December 30. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=69cab099-86b4-4fd7-b06a-8b7d0a72bb2b 
Small businesses are a critical component of the economy in North Dakota, and around the country. This week, Google launched its Get Your Business Online initiative by making it fast, easy and free for small businesses to get online. Check out its resources and information to help grow your small business today. 
Today the Supreme Court heard arguments on whether corporations should be allowed to deny health benefits for employees. I hope #SCOTUS rules in favor of a woman’s right to make her own health care choices, rather than making this the decision of a for-profit company’s leadership. #NotMyBossBusiness
An apple a day helps keep hunger away! As a social worker, I know the importance of critical nutrition assistance for those who need it most. I'm proud to join Maryland Hunger Solutions fighting for every student to have access to a healthy breakfast.  #HearTheCrunch
Today is National Ag Day, a day to say thank you to all of Missouri's farmers and ranchers who work to keep the state's agriculture industries thriving.    Learn more about National Ag Day from the Agriculture Council of America at: www.agday.org
Today, the Supreme Court is hearing a case that could allow for-profit companies to deny women birth control coverage. I stood up last week to call on the Supreme Court to protect women's health -- bosses don't belong in our bedrooms. Contraception is basic, essential health care, and it's not your boss's business. http://www.merkley.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=287DEC56-FAD5-4989-AC62-A4F1C82CB54F
In Nevada, 26,000 people have seen their lifelines shattered, having lost work through no fault of their own. They’re hard-working people who deserve unemployment compensation.   They continue to look for work -- that’s the rule, that’s what they’re doing. Across the country, the number is 2.2 million people. These people deserve our attention and they’re going to get it.   I’m very encouraged that a group of bipartisan senators put together a bill to move forward. It’s not as long as I would like. But its five months, and for those people who are desperately in need of help, it's five months of relief. It’s very important to get this done. Neither side is getting everything they wanted. But they understand that that’s the nature of compromise.   As the weeks drag on, the plight of Nevadans and others around the country become more desperate. So I hope my Republican colleagues will cooperate so we can move forward and get over all the procedural hurdles that they put up all the time. Even if people don’t support the legislation, they should let us move forward on it.   We’re going to move forward either with or without them. These are the men and women that we represent; they are people who we were sent here to serve. So let’s do the right thing and pass this bill.
This afternoon, Senator Shaheen a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the former Chair of the European Affairs Subcommittee, spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon to call for passage of the Ukraine aid bill. In addition to providing $1 billion in loan guarantees for Ukraine, the bill also condemns the annexation of Ukrainian Crimea by Russia. More here: http://1.usa.gov/1mteO6V   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWMxIeIXNTE&feature=youtu.be  
Great news from Concord: the State House just passed a bipartisan Medicaid expansion plan that’s great for our economy and people across New Hampshire, including more than 50,000 who now stand to receive health care!  
NA
This week the Senate Appropriations Committee is holding key hearings about funding for federal agencies, and I'll be discussing New Mexico priorities with cabinet secretaries and officials from government agencies to get an update on several important issues I've been working on.   This morning I spoke with VA officials, including Secretary Shinseki, to follow up on work being done to improve care for New Mexico veterans. In response to my questions, VA officials reaffirmed their commitment to improving access to mental health services in rural communities, which is one of the things I call for in my Rural Veterans Improvement Act. I was also pleased to hear the VA is making progress in reducing the claims backlog, expanding telehealth services, and that it plans to recruit more doctors to rural areas. Click here to watch my video and share it with others to help me spread the word about improving care for our veterans.
The Medicare prescription drug doughnut hole hit Rhode Island seniors hard for years. But now under the Affordable Care Act, they’re saving hundreds of dollars on their prescriptions and gaining access to free preventative services they used to have to pay for. This law is making a big difference to Rhode Island seniors. http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/nearly-14000-riers-benefitted-from-obamacares-medicare-doughnut-hole-fix-in-2013
Students, parents and guidance counselors: sign up for Academy Day 2014 to learn about admissions processes for our five U.S. service academies, ROTC programs, Virginia Tech and the Virginia Military Institute. RSVP here: http://1.usa.gov/Ooi7xZ
