I had a great time over on the House side preparing USO care packages for our troops. What a great experience offered by a great organization.
Too many of our brave men and women in uniform return home only to struggle to find employment in civilian life. We should do everything we can to help our veterans who have sacrificed so much to find employment. That’s why I’m introducing bipartisan legislation, the Help Veterans Own Franchises Act, to make it easier for veterans to start a small business.
Over the years, we have made serious efforts to pass comprehensive immigration reform, but we have never been able to succeed. I believe this time is different. The bipartisan bill the Judiciary Committee approved yesterday is the product of months of negotiations and weeks of debate. This bill reforms a badly broken immigration system by strengthening border security, reforming our legal immigration system and creating a tough but fair path to citizenship. Yesterday’s committee passage is an important step toward real and lasting reform. To those who feel Congress is broken, the bipartisan majority in the Senate Judiciary Committee gives me hope that immigration reform is the indication of a new day. I look forward to next month’s debate before the full Senate and to seeing this bill pass Congress this year.
PHOTO: Senator Donnelly advocating for a common sense, five-year farm bill that would help protect 190,000 existing Indiana ag jobs, preserve 19.4 million acres of land, and maintain the billions in economic impact that agriculture contributes to the State of Indiana.
Judiciary Committee passes the comprehensive immigration reform bill 13-5. Next step, Senate floor.
My heart and thoughts will be at tonight's remembrance ceremony to honor Sgt. 1st Class Darren Linde and Spc. Tyler Orgaard
Just helped defeat a special-interest amendment that would have threatened 142,000 American jobs.
I am in close contact with local officials and will do all I can to help w/ current flooding in NE North Dakota.
Congrats to Mandan's Michael Kaip for receiving the 2013 Inspiration Award from North Dakota National Guard and USA TODAY Sports
At 11 a.m. CT, I will be on the Senate floor to make the case for the bipartisan long-term Farm Bill. Watch live:
Proud to join Senator Mark Warner to co-sponsor a bill to expand offshore energy leases & direct revenues to Virginia. This legislation will bolster our energy security, create jobs & support important priorities across the Commonwealth.
Spoke with Fox 5's Tom Fitzgerald about the Troop Talent Act at my roundtable with Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth, veterans and business leaders in Alexandria yesterday
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) spoke during the committee markup Tuesday about his anti-discrimination amendments to the comprehensive immigration bill to provide equality in immigration law by allowing American citizens who are in long-term committed relationships to sponsor their foreign partners or spouses for green cards.   Leahy has championed the issue for the last decade through his push to enact his Uniting American Families Act (UAFA), which he reintroduced in February, joined by Senator Susan Collins (R-Maine).
Superstorm Sandy left NJ battered but not broken, without power not powerless and I'm proud we now have a new Belmar Boardwalk. Check out photos from the re-opening event!
Last night my colleagues voted in favor of the Gang of 8’s immigration reform bill in the Senate Judiciary Committee. I am glad the legislation was not weakened in the successful mark-up process and will soon move to the Senate Floor. Check out my comments: http://1.usa.gov/10PtC4d 
 
 And because I am committed to pushing this bill forward, I plan to answer your questions in my upcoming digital town hall about immigration reform. Use the hashtag #AskMenendez or post a comment here on Facebook to ask your question. Then, on June 5, watch the live stream and follow the conversation on my website: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/town-hall
As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, today I convened a roundtable discussion with members of the committee along with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, VA Secretary Eric Shinseki, SSA Acting Commissioner Carolyn Colvin and IRS Deputy Commissioner for Operations Support Beth Tucker to help end the veterans claims backlog. For too long, veterans have been caught up in red tape, with over 600K claims pending for over 125 days and 226K for over a year! I’m tired of excuses.  Following the roundtable, I was proud to announce that VA, DOD, IRS & SSA will work together with Congress to end the gridlock & break down smokestacks. This Memorial Day & every day, our vets deserve a government  on their side. Promises made must be promises kept.
Today I voted to take action to advance safeguards ensuring the security & safety of medical devices and our drug supply chain.  I'm proud the Senate HELP Committee unanimously passed a bipartisan solution to meet compelling human need that is achievable, affordable & doable.
Good news from CBIA today:
Can't eat ramen 3 nights in a row for dinner, so had to downsize lunch today to 3 small chicken legs
Heard from Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke at Joint Econ Committee today
Had Ramen for dinner last night after spending $2.75 on chicken and rice for lunch. #foodstampchallenge
“In the past two years—and in the face of devastating loss—the people of Joplin found the courage to heal their community and rebuild. Doing so, they’ve offered a testament that is especially important today. The marks left by these storm won’t ever disappear completely, but I know that all Missourians are proud of the progress Joplin has made in such a short amount of time, and the resilience of its families and businesses. As we pray and stand ready to help those impacted by this week’s tragedies, Joplin offers us all a reason for hope.”  - Claire
This is a great opportunity for West Virginia military families. I encourage all who are eligible to take advantage of the Blue Star Museums Initiative this summer.   http://1.usa.gov/12WOSnu
Gayle and I send a very special “Happy Birthday” to our dear son, Joseph, who turns 41 today. Time passes by so fast.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 29 - Putnam County   Fact: The beautiful town of Eleanor, named for First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt, was established as a New Deal project in the 1930s.   Recommendation: Have a picnic at Hurricane City Park.
Discussed fixes to help reduce the backlog of veterans’ disability claims, eliminate bureaucratic delays, and deliver benefits to veterans more quickly and efficiently with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki, and others.
Many of you are asking about UAFA and I would like to say yesterday was one of the most trying days in my 30-plus years in public office. I've been a lead sponsor of the Uniting American Families Act for a number of years and I believe and desire that its principles should be included in the immigration bill. There will be an opportunity to add it to the bill on the Senate floor.   I believe opposing its inclusion is rank discrimination. I also believe the American people support this because they support equal treatment under the law for all people. I have urged inclusion of its principles in this immigration bill publicly, privately, individually, with my colleagues, both Democrat and Republican. But there are many in congress who take a very different view than me on this issue.    The bottom line is that in the political reality in which we operate, the Senate and more broadly, the U.S. Congress, those who disagree with me have more than enough power to prevent passage, either as a stand-alone bill or as part of the immigration bill. And if we added it to S.744 in committee, they would have walked away and the bill would have failed.   They have said it publicly, they have told me privately, and I believe them. The result: no equality, no immigration bill. Everyone loses. What can be accomplished via this comprehensive bill for 11 million people in the shadows, for the security and prosperity of our nation is too vital, too rare to let fail. I know that this provides little comfort.  But I want you supporters of this amendment to know, I will be here and ready to work with you to advance the cause of legal equality. This is far from the last battle.    The bill now moves to the floor where we again will have opportunities to improve the bill, and I stand ready to work with all to make accomplish this task.
Cindy Accardi Hearn: What is your opinion of President Obama's executive order to allow children of illegal aliens the right to stay in this country? Do you feel this act is amnesty?  Cindy - thank you for your questions.    The second question is a great question. While I strongly support the President's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), I believe that we must fix this problem legislatively. It is why I have worked these past six months to write a comprehensive immigration bill. Our immigration system is broken. Everyone from the left to the right agrees that something must be done to fix it. To that end, I believe S.744 provides a good solution with strong border security while ensuring future illegal immigrants will have not be able to find a job due to mandatory e-verify. It also provides a tough, but fair path to citizenship for millions who currently live in the shadows of this country. Finally, it fixes our legal immigration system to ensure that the United States continues to attract the best and the brightest and companies have an adequate workforce to grow.
Starting with a few questions posted last night:  Joe Ryan: Chuck what about the E 2 investors. Could you answer me on your thoughts ???  I am a strong supporter of the E-2 treaty investor visa. This visa allows investors from our allied countries to travel to the United States to set up businesses here. I strongly believe that we should encourage anyone who wants to open up a store or a business in the United States should be allowed to as long as they comply with our laws. This drives investment and job growth in our economy.
Ready to take your questions on our bipartisan immigration bill that passed the Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday - Thanks to everyone who already posted.  http://www.marchforinnovation.com/event-schedule/40
12 hearings, 163 amendments and 29+ hours of debate later Comprehensive Immigration Reform will soon be heading to the Senate floor. I'll be taking your questions tomorrow on Facebook at 10:30am as part of the March for Innovation.  http://www.marchforinnovation.com/
“Capping crop insurance subsidies will save taxpayers billions and help reduce our deficit. These subsidies represent some of the most egregious examples of excess government spending and if we implement these reforms, we can save $3.4 billion over ten years. This is a matter of common-sense.” – JS
Great news! Senator Shaheen and Senator Ayotte announced today that U.S. Air Force has selected Pease Air National Guard Base – home to the 157th Air Refueling Wing – as the top Air National Guard base to receive the new KC-46A tanker. Senator Shaheen has worked extensively over the past several years to highlight Pease’s many strategic advantages and the 157th’s exceptional record of service that make Pease the ideal choice for this next generation tanker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/11bEY47
Senator Schatz hosted his first Twitter Town Hall today with the help of Moms Rising. He answered questions on health care, women's health, and the state exchange.
NA
The number of veterans waiting to get the benefits they earned is too high.  LIKE and SHARE this post if you agree that it's time for the VA and the Pentagon to live up to the promises we made our fighting men and women: http://1.usa.gov/Z0Nh0q
Staff: Sheldon’s prayers are with the victims of Monday’s storms and their families. He has reached out to his fellow Senators from Oklahoma about this tragedy, and stands ready to help with recovery efforts in the U.S. Senate. Please read the full statement below.
As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I'm glad to say that we were able to review over 100 proposed amendments, debate for 29 hours, and pass Comprehensive Immigration Reform out of committee by a bipartisan vote of 13-5 today. The next step is the full Senate!
Senator Tim Kaine and I introduced legislation today that expands offshore energy leases and includes revenue sharing for Virginia. I have long advocated for additional exploration and the responsible production of domestic energy resources off of Virginia’s coast. This bill includes appropriate environmental protections and an equitable formula for sharing revenues between the state and federal governments.
Looking forward to holding a Twitter town hall with Senator Ron Wyden tomorrow at 4:30pm on our Know Before You Go Act. Know Before You Go gives students the info they need to make informed choices about their higher education. Tweet Q's or follow the conversation using #TalkHigherEd.
#iMarch because now is the time to pass comprehensive immigration reform. Join the march here: marchforinnovation.com/
