Fred Hiatt's piece in the Washington Post on U.S. Helsinki Commission efforts to highlight the plight of political prisoners in #Uzbekistan.  "The country is #Uzbekistan, one of the Central Asian nations that emerged out of the wreckage of the Soviet Union in 1991.  It has brought some unique touches to the conduct of a dictatorship. When political prisoners have served their full terms, they often have their sentences extended for violations such as improperly peeling carrots in the prison kitchen or failing to sweep their cells correctly."
Twenty-six years ago, during the first #WorldAIDSDay, an #HIV/ #AIDS diagnosis was a death sentence to many around the world. Today, in 2014, advances in treatment and massive changes in our collective response to the AIDS pandemic have transformed our ability to prevent and treat one of the most dreadful diseases we’ve ever seen.   An HIV/AIDS free generation is within our reach.   The United States must remain a global leader in the fight for an HIV/AIDS free generation. At home, we must commit to investing in the treatment and testing to save lives in the U.S. and worldwide. Right here in Maryland, National Institutes of Health (NIH) Johns Hopkins Medicine and the University of Maryland are on the cutting edge of producing the next generation of treatments.   One major component of America’s success in the fight against HIV/AIDS has been The U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) , a bipartisan vision of the Congressional Black Caucus and President George W. Bush. #PEPFAR has become the largest commitment by any nation to combat a single disease internationally, and it has saved millions of lives.  An HIV/AIDS-free generation is within our reach but only if we continue our all-out, coordinated attack on the disease. HIV/AIDS is not yet beaten and the challenges before us continue to be great, but I am confident that they can be overcome.
When I first traveled to Africa, I wasn't looking for a global AIDS epidemic, but I couldn’t avoid it. In every country I visited, I saw more and more people who were doomed to die from this terrible disease—young people, old people, mothers and fathers with children by their side. At that point, there weren’t any drugs, at least not available to these poor countries. Today, things have changed. They have changed because of programs like PEPFAR and the Global Fund. Today is World AIDS Day, and I will continue to support health programs and policies that fight HIV/AIDS so that we can achieve the #WorldWeWant.
This Thursday, December 4th, Joe’s office will host its next Veterans History Project event in Danville at the Hendricks County Senior Services Senior Center from 1:30-3:30 PM. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in interviewing a veteran are also welcome to attend. Download the event flyer at the link below for more information.
As international climate change negotiations begin today in Lima, I hope countries pledge big cuts to emissions.
Pat Baca and Sam King both passed away. I was lucky enough to know them both. They will be missed by many across this great state, and I hope we all keep the Baca and King families in our thoughts and prayers.
Today begins a new day in Frederick County with Jan Gardner as the county’s first County Executive. Jan brings to the job time-tested executive ability with proven results serving the people of Frederick County.  As the Dean of the Maryland Congressional Delegation, I’m ready to get down to work with County Executive Gardner as we continue our fight to make sure Frederick County families and businesses get a fair shot and their fair share. That means supporting jobs today in Frederick’s traditional industries like agriculture, preparing Frederick for the jobs of tomorrow in biotech, investing in Frederick’s educational institutions, supporting the great work of our federal labs and Ft. Detrick, and investing in our transportation infrastructure to keep Frederick moving.   Together with Team Maryland, Jan and I will continue to fight for jobs and opportunity in Frederick County and remain committed to the day-to-day needs of Maryland families.
After a long process, I'm proud that we were able to secure the necessary funding to restore Woodmont Beach after it was devastated by Hurricane Irene.
“Hearing input directly from folks across the country is exactly the right move, because the issues highlighted in Ferguson aren’t just Missouri issues, they’re national issues. Today’s efforts continue the conversation started with my hearing—including a focus on the use of body cameras by law enforcement. In my conversations with Missourians, I’ve found widespread agreement that body cameras protect police and civilians alike, which is why I’m working to prioritize federal resources to expand their use, and why I’m eager to continue working with the White House, my colleagues, and Missourians to implement positive change.” - Claire
For many families across America, this Thanksgiving was particularly special. Because of President Obama’s recent executive actions, many immigrant families celebrated the holiday for the first time without the threat of deportation.   But the President's action is only a temporary solution. I will keep fighting in Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform that brings permanent, long-term relief to the nation.
It's time for a better solution between Irondequoit & Webster that helps residents, boaters, motorists, business & first responders alike
Americana Winery in Covert could be the most patriotic winery in the country. Stop in for some sweet rosie wine & homemade fudge! #NYtownoftheday
The Payment in Lieu of Taxes program, or PILT, helps provide New Mexicans in almost every county with critical services like police, fire protection, and education -- to the tune of more than $37 million this year alone.  That's why I am leading the fight in the Senate to continue this lifeline for next year.  Along with Republican Senator Mike Crapo of Idaho, I have brought together a bipartisan coalition of 34 senators to urge Senate leadership to include funding for PILT and a related program, Secure Rural Schools (SRS), which helps fund school budgets, in any end-of-year legislation.  I've heard from county leaders across our state about how important this program is to ensure New Mexico communities can continue to keep police and firefighters working, fund schools and keep up with maintenance on roads, water projects and other important services. PILT is the federal government’s obligation to local communities with large amounts of federal land.  I fought earlier this year to include a one-year extension of PILT in the Farm Bill, and will continue to push to extend this program and to find permanent, stable funding into the future.
Last month, I voted against a highly politicized bill mandating construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. As Senator Martin Heinrich and I wrote an op-ed in the ABQ Journal this Sunday: "Rather than mandating the construction of oil pipelines for private foreign corporations, Congress should be focused on supporting domestic energy production that creates permanent American jobs."
Fort Stanton - Snowy River National Conservation Area. Photo by Bob Wick, BLM California.
Recent whistleblower reports have confirmed our old suspicion: The Fed is too cozy with the biggest banks on Wall Street to provide the tough oversight that’s needed. Just before the holiday, we held a hearing with NY Federal Reserve President William C. Dudley to discuss the failures at the Fed. The video is now up online – take a look.
