My statement on the historic U.S.-China agreement to combat climate change  #ActOnClimate
The Wall Street Journal has published documents showing that General Motors ordered 500,000 replacement parts for their defective cars, months before notifying NHTSA or the public about the deadly defect. GM CEO Mary Barra should be called to testify before Congress, and explain GM’s delay in notifying drivers and federal regulators of the faulty ignition switch: http://j.mp/1sDBiBg
#VeteransDay is about thanking our veterans for their service. So it's especially unconscionable that, according to a report released by the New York Times, more than 639 Iraq war veterans reported toxic exposure to chemicals and never received proper screenings.   I'm urging Chuck Hagel to take immediate action on this report. We cannot fail those who sacrificed themselves for our safety: http://j.mp/1xvb1KN
#Climatechange is real and we are seeing the impacts from Baltimore to Beijing and across the globe. #American leadership and innovation, coupled with international cooperation, can curb the impacts of climate change. I applaud the #Obama Administration and #Chinese Government for making substantive commitments to reducing our collective carbon footprint. America must continue to take climate change seriously. The international community is looking to the United States for leadership when it comes to fighting climate change. We must accept this responsibility or allow the rest of world to pass us by in clean energy development and reap the associated economic benefits. Internationally and domestically, there is no disagreement that #fossilfuels are a finite commodity. Developing viable alternatives, while simultaneously conserving energy, is an #economic and #environmental necessity.
Congrats to Buck Showalter on earning the  American League Manager of the Year award. Well deserved.   #BUCKleUp
Yesterday's climate change agreement with China is yet another example that when the when the United States takes a leadership role in addressing our greatest global environmental challenges – other countries will follow.
Speaking to kids at LeTort Elementary as part of Armed Forces Foundation #OperationCaringClassroom
In Harrisburg pushing for passage of a bill that helps thousands of PA families pay for child care.
It’s clear that for-profit colleges have one concern: their bottom line. Too many of these companies have stooped so low that they are willing to take advantage of the benefits veterans have earned under the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Congress must protect veterans and taxpayers from these predatory companies and close the 90/10 loophole. http://fortune.com/2014/11/11/gi-bill-for-profit-colleges/
Just met a great group of students from Evansville’s Reitz Memorial High School. Thanks for visiting the office. -Joe
Great op-ed in USA Today explains why Congress needs to act on Cybersecurity before the end of the year.
Watersheds sustain life, in more ways than one. They help supply our drinking water, support our agriculture, boost our outdoor recreation economy, and provide habitat for countless plants and animals across New Mexico. This common sense proposal would partner communities and stakeholders to find ways to protect and restore our critical watersheds in New Mexico. As climate change continues to threaten our forests, lakes, streams, and rivers through drought and increased flooding and devastating wildfires, it will be important now more than ever to do everything we can to protect our water.
Quality and affordable health care is within reach for many New Mexicans now more than ever before. My office is co-hosting a heath care information event at Chaparral Elementary School from 2:30 to 6:30 p.m. tomorrow. Information and assistance will be available in English and in Spanish. Everyone is welcome to attend.
The clearest message from the recent election is that Congress needs to stop fighting and get its work done. We can do that by quickly taking a bold step forward and passing non-partisan legislation now to approve the Keystone XL pipeline – not waiting two, three, or four months. For some time, Senator Landrieu and I have been working together to build strong Democratic support for this project and with that support, we’ll be able to finally pass the Keystone XL pipeline and make this project happen. Let’s restore Americans’ trust in the Senate and show that we can work together to pass a bill that supports our economy and North American energy independence. http://1.usa.gov/1wow8dG
Join me for Facebook Q&A on Monday, November 17 at 6:00pm CT to discuss my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative. I will answer your questions about my efforts to make sure North Dakota families are protected by addressing the new safety challenges facing our state, including increases in drug-related crimes, human trafficking, infrastructure stress, and the movement of crude by rail through North Dakota towns, as well as other issues. The energy development in North Dakota has greatly helped our state, producing jobs and economic growth. But it has also brought new safety challenges that we must face head on. Spread the word and join my Facebook Q&A! http://1.usa.gov/1pR3aXf
Before I was the Senator for Maryland, I was a social worker for Baltimore families and worked with children and the elderly. Today, I’m a social worker in Congress, working to build opportunities for families throughout America. Every family deserves child care that is affordable, accessible and exceptional.   I'm fighting to pass my legislation reauthorizing the Child Care Development Block Grant so moms and dads of modest means can afford child care while they go to work or school. Child care is something all families worry about, regardless of income or zip code. People want care that is reliable and undeniable, safe, affordable, and accessible. This bill helps ensure that all children get the care they need and deserve so they and their families can have a better, brighter future.
We’re counting down to open enrollment on November 15th and highlighting how the #ACAworks for Connecticut residents. Are you ready to #GetCovered? Learn more at Access Health CT
The economic security of American middle class families depends on tackling climate change – especially here in Oregon, where our farming, fishing, and forestry industries are already threatened. That’s why the announcement that the two largest economies in the world are committing together to cutting carbon pollution is so important.
I look forward to reviewing the details of the climate agreement between President Obama and Chinese leaders and assessing what the true implications will be on the front lines here at home. As I've said many times before, there is no question that 7 billion people have an impact on our climate. I am encouraged that the Chinese are willing to come to the table and that the Administration has recognized the importance of investing in research for clean fossil fuel technology. That being said, we cannot enter into an agreement that asks little of the Chinese, while simultaneously promising more than we can achieve domestically with our current technology.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=592e8d82-aa92-450d-bc65-0a8d16c2703a
I was truly honored to celebrate Veterans Day in Welch and participate in the 95th annual Welch Veterans Day Parade. Thank you to all those who came out to honor our veterans.
Was honored to join our veterans today for the wreath laying ceremony in Madison Sq Park
“The groundbreaking climate change and clean energy cooperation agreement announced by President Obama and President Xi demonstrates the necessary leadership from the United States and China to continue addressing the global threat of climate change.  The agreement recognizes that as the two leading producers of greenhouse gas emissions, the United States and China must take short and long term measures to reduce the amount of carbon pollution and to encourage the development of clean energy.  By jointly agreeing to specific goals which will reduce carbon emissions by 2030 at the latest, the United States and China are poised to significantly bolster renewable energy research and technology and foster a new industrial revolution fueled by clean energy.” - BES  Last night, the White House announced an historic agreement between President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China to address the global threat of climate change.  To highlight the significance of this agreement, Senator Schatz spoke on the Senate floor today to call on Congress to finally act on climate change.
