Tammy is backing a plan to amend corporate cash out of politics and reverse the effects of Citizens United. Read more about her efforts here: 
ICYMI: In the wake of the Hobby Lobby decision, women’s reproductive and healthcare advocates testified before Congress, calling for support for Tammy’s Women’s Health Protection Act. In its coverage, MSNBC called the act “a crucial step toward defending access to safe, legal, essential health care and the constitutional rights of every woman in the U.S.”, and that “if Congress is truly interested in acting for women, it should pass this important legislation without delay. 
Today, I proudly introduced the Domestic Violence Gun Homicide Prevention Act with Rep. Gwen S. Moore and Rep. Robin Kelly. This legislation would grant incentives to states that match or exceed current federal domestic violence gun prohibitions, and would encourage states to enforce regulations by seizing firearms when responding to domestic violence situations.  Congress can make it illegal for abusers to have guns, but it is up to state courts and law enforcement to make sure that the law on the books is effective. Share this.
Chairing the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on judicial nominations—including that of Victor Bolden from Connecticut.   Victor Bolden has distinguished himself as a courageous, compassionate and deeply skilled attorney and public servant, with the intellect, integrity and experience that will make him a fair and honorable judge. My hope and expectation is that he will be confirmed promptly, without partisan contention, as befits his exemplary qualifications.  Watch the hearing live, here: http://j.mp/X9r5no
I am proud to have joined the overwhelming majority of the Senate in confirming Robert McDonald to lead the Department of #Veterans Affairs and its more than 340,000 employees.  As a veteran, Mr. McDonald comprehends the unique difficulties facing veterans and #military retirees, and as a business leader, he has demonstrated the organizational skills to pinpoint and eliminate intransigent bureaucratic obstacles that have blocked #veterans’ access to needed care.  Today’s vote marks a positive turning point in our treatment of America’s veterans. A solemn trust has been broken and fresh leadership is needed to regain the trust of America’s veterans and their families.   I look forward to working with the next Secretary and the #VA’s leaders to address #homelessness, #unemployment, mental illness, and other pressing issues confronting those who have served our nation.
Announcing #Landover & #Greenbelt as 2/3 finalists for the new location of FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation Hq with U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski,Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards & Rushern Baker.
“if we’re going to give a person full rights and expect full responsibility from them, then we should give them the right to vote.”   Good read from League of Women Voters of the U.S. on my efforts to end wholesale voter disenfranchisement of what are supposed to be free men and women.  
Today I was able to speak to a group of fellows from the University of Delaware about policy and their role in creating our future.
Congratulations to Roisin Liew for winning the First Lady’s “Healthy Lunchtime Challenge” for the state of Delaware! I heard she has an amazing Chi-Irish Shepherd’s Pie which celebrates her Chinese-Irish heritage. The recipe is healthy, affordable, original, and of course delicious. Find Roisin’s recipe here http://bit.ly/1o9r3kA
"The unanimous passage of this bill by both houses is a victory for Delaware’s three Children’s Advocacy Centers and a testament to the important role these centers play in communities all across the country."
It was great to meet  (from left to right) USA Paralympic champions Muffy Davis, Dr. Cheri Blauwet, Keith Gabel and Candice Cable today during the National Council on Independent Living’s rally on the National Mall. #ISupportCRPD
Stood by the Capitol reflecting pool today in proud support of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. People living with disabilities around the world should be afforded the same rights we’ve worked to provide here at home #ISupportCRPD
“I recently met with Bob McDonald, a fellow Hoosier, and today I voted to confirm him as the new VA Secretary…There is no question the VA is in need of fresh leadership, smarter policies, and the very best resources we can provide. I support Secretary McDonald’s plans for reform and culture change within the VA, and I will continue working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to give him the tools he needs to succeed.” –Joe after voting to confirm Bob McDonald, a Gary native, as the new Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. 
The Senate Intelligence Committee today unanimously advanced the fiscal year 2015 intelligence authorization bill. Next step, full Senate consideration.
The difference between acting now on climate change and waiting may be billions of dollars. Addressing climate change gets 40% more expensive each decade we delay. 
New Mexico’s film industry is making headlines, creating opportunities to grow our economy, and highlighting our state’s history in WGN’s new series Manhattan l WGN America which was filmed in Santa Fe and is set in Los Alamos during World War II. 
I’m pleased to see progress being made toward passing a bill to address the mismanagement and systemic problems at the VA. It’s critical that we restore confidence and accountability in the VA health care system and ensure our veterans' receive the quality services that they were promised. Even one veteran slipping through the cracks is one too many. 
Just voted on bill to support much-needed infrastructure projects in North Dakota. Must continue to work on long-term solution.
Today I voted to confirm Robert McDonald as the new Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and he passed with strong bipartisan support. McDonald has a tough challenge ahead of him: to restore trust in the VA. He promised to work with me to improve and protect access to services and benefits for veterans living in rural areas, including Native American veterans. I will hold him to his word. Now it’s up to Congress to do its job and pass the compromise bill to help stop the gaping holes in our VA system and make sure every veteran gets the care they deserve – nothing less. http://1.usa.gov/1nEAWeX
Today I met with Lisa Mensah, the nominee to become Under Secretary for U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development. As Chair of the Senate Subcommittee that oversees rural development, I look forward to working closely with Ms. Mensah to spark economic development in rural America and in Indian Country through real, targeted investments. Last year alone, USDA Rural Development invested more than $500 million in North Dakota infrastructure projects, including water and waste water, electric and telecommunication projects, and housing. http://1.usa.gov/1xv2Dry
North Dakota will receive more than $30,000 in federal funds to help protect North Dakotans from sex offenders & reduce sex exploitation in our neighborhoods. Since my days as Attorney General, and now as a Senator, I have gone after those who prey on our vulnerable populations and have worked to bring additional services and treatment to victims of abuse and sexual violence. These funds will help continue those efforts and make sure our families and communities are safe.
The VA Office of Tribal Government Relations is hosting a Veterans Training Summit at Spirit Lake Casino and Resort on August 7 and 8. Officials will discuss health care eligibility and enrollment, housing, education benefits, homelessness programs and more. See flyer for details.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) on Tuesday introduced legislation that would restore Americans’ privacy rights by ending the government’s dragnet collection of phone records and requiring greater oversight, transparency, and accountability with respect to domestic surveillance authorities. 
“I’m very pleased with the Senate’s overwhelmingly bipartisan vote to confirm Robert McDonald. He has a lot of work ahead of him—and I fully expect he will work to restore a culture of accountability at the VA by ensuring that any employee retaliating against a whistleblower or who cooked the books on wait times, is fired, and that we can quickly recover bonuses paid to those fraudsters with taxpayer dollars. I believe Mr. McDonald stands ready to tackle these difficult issues and ensure our veterans are receiving the highest level of care.” - Claire on the Senate’s bipartisan confirmation of Robert McDonald to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
Great news: My bipartisan measure, which made it into the VA Reform compromise, ensures that spouses of fallen soldiers can rebuild their lives & provide for their children: 
Our staff was thrilled to join hundreds of West Virginians, including former Logan High School Coach Willie Akers and his WVU teammate, the legendary Jerry West, for the ribbon-cutting ceremony at the Artie Museum in Raleigh County. My dear friend and former college and high school basketball coach Tex Williams contributed the memorabilia for the museum, which is housed in the old Artie Post Office. Thanks to all those who participated in the celebration of this incredible landmark.
West Virginia is one of the most patriotic states in the country, and we are proud of the number of veterans and active duty members who have served honorably. That is why representatives from my state offices continue to host outreach events at select veteran-centered locations to meet with veterans and those who serve them. For a full schedule of our veterans outreach events: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/events
Proud to launch the bipartisan Hidden Heroes Congressional Caucus for Military and Veteran Caregivers today, co-chaired by Leader Pelosi, Senator McCain, myself and Congressman Jeff Miller, along with the support of former Senator Elizabeth Dole and the Elizabeth Dole Foundation.  Just as so many brave Americans have made extraordinary sacrifices in service to our nation during times of war, so too have millions of family members and friends, especially those who have taken on the additional role of caregiver for their wounded warrior.    I salute their commitment, compassion, and resilience.  Caring for our veterans extends beyond clinical expertise and touches the heart.  I pledge to work with my colleagues in the Hidden Heroes Congressional Caucus to ensure these men and women have the support and resources they need.
I was so disappointed when I learned that VA hospitals in Nevada were failing the very veterans who depend on the VA for help. We have put together a very good bill that will improve veterans care, and I am confident that with support from Republicans, we can pass it this week. 
I'm so happy with the deal that Chairmen Bernie Sanders and Jeff Miller have struck to help our veterans. Rather than suing the President or discussing impeachment, this is the way we should be legislating. Wonderful news
Great to see friends from @empirebrew at this years NY Farm day! #NYbrew
Who could forget NY's @Chobani yogurt during NY Farm Day? #NYDairy #nyfarms
Featured Seaway Trail Honey at @barackobama's 2nd inaugural- great to see them back for NY Farm Day #nyfarms
Back for another farm day with Dean Norton from NY Farm Bureau & @Saranacbrewery Legacy IPA
Tried the delicious #syracuse salt potatoes at the @foodnetwork @scrippscomm table at NY farm day!
Thanks to Senator Kirsten Gillibrand for hosting one of the best events in Washington each year, New York Farm Day!
Over 40,000 Long Islanders have disabilities;  they and their families should not have to choose between paying for their day-to-day expenses of education, healthcare, transportation, therapies and more, and saving for their future. 
Late last night I signed my name in support of the VA reform compromise.  Now, let’s get our VA reform bill to the President’s desk and make sure the VA is worthy of the sacrifices of our military men and women. http://bit.ly/WLLSNN
Today I joined the Senate in voting unanimously to confirm Robert McDonald as the new secretary of the VA.   I met with Mr. McDonald to discuss the immediate need for changes within the VA so it can begin to regain the trust of the veterans it serves, and I urge him to move quickly to address these systemic problems and restore a culture of transparency and accountability. I'm optimistic he will be a strong advocate for veterans in New Mexico and across the country, and I look forward to working with him to help ensure our veterans receive the high quality care they deserve.   I also believe Congress must quickly approve bipartisan reform at the VA to help address the obstacles our veterans face as they try to access timely quality medical care. We have a duty to ensure that our veterans get the best possible care, and I hope we rapidly pass this legislation to give veterans in New Mexico and across the country better access to the medical care they have been promised.
Take 25 seconds to watch this highlight from today’s Budget Committee hearing. Every single witness, including those invited by Senate Republicans, agreed climate change is real and caused by carbon emissions. bit.ly/1nRk5qt
Very pleased that a Northern Virginia site has been included on the shortlist for the new FBI headquarters. The Springfield location is a cost effective selection that’s accessible by many different transportation options, as well as close to key agencies. Proud of our delegation's bipartisan work on this issue. 
