I deeply respect Secretary Shinseki’s decision to resign after concluding that his continued service would be a distraction from the urgent and necessary overhaul of a health care system that is failing our veterans.   Now, we must work to fix what is desperately wrong at the VA. -RB
I have been deeply disturbed by the accusations and reports regarding the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs leadership and their failure to care for our ill and injured veterans. Like President Obama, I find these issues with the #VA completely unacceptable. I am committed to meeting the obligations made to those who have sacrificed for our freedom.  General Eric #Shinseki has served this country honorably for nearly five decades. His dedication to his fellow veterans is unmatched. Now that he has resigned his position, we should collectively turn to the real problem at hand which is to make significant changes in the VA system so that our military veterans can receive the timely, quality health care they deserve.  Millions are helped each year by the VA health care system, but more than a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan has overwhelmed a system already bursting at the seams. There must be other options made available.
I am concerned about the investigation into Leyla Yunus and her husband, Arif Yunus, by the Government of #Azerbaijan. Their detention, the search of their home and their continued inability to freely travel to and from Azerbaijan is a troubling indication that they may become the targets of a politically-motivated prosecution.  I strongly urge the Government of Azerbaijan to abide by its commitment to the rule of law and due process
Thrilled to be back at University of Delaware to address the 125 graduates from the Lerner College who received their MBA or MS degrees today. Congrats to all the grads and their families!
President Obama made the right decision today to accept the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki. As a soldier who was wounded in combat and as a general who led our troops in battle - Eric Shinseki has served our country with distinction. We owe him a debt of gratitude for his service. I agree that new leadership at the VA will help refocus attention on the health and safety of our veterans who deserve nothing less than quality care from the VA. Acting Secretary Gibson must move expeditiously to address any systemic problems at the VA. He should also immediately look into the waitlist in Pittsburgh and other problems that were reported publicly today. I intend to press the Administration and the new acting secretary to ensure these issues are addressed promptly. I also intend to continue my push for a swift resolution to the disability claims backlog problem so that our veterans can access the level of care they have earned. #Shinseki #VA
Pleased to introduce Sen Jack Reed, our keynote speaker at the John P. Murtha breakfast at Showcase.
NA
“Secretary Shinseki served our country honorably, and I thank him for his service. It is time for a fresh pair of eyes on this calamity. American veterans deserve better than the bureaucratic nightmare they have faced in Phoenix and, from what we are learning, in other facilities.   "His resignation alone will not solve this problem, because this isn’t just about one man—it is about a culture change. We need to hold accountable those who were carrying out or encouraging these practices day to day, and we must ensure that the VA health system provides the responsiveness and quality care our veterans deserve. It’s clear that the current scheduling system is woefully inadequate and allows for those who want to game the system to disregard the standards we expect for those who have so honorably served our country. We must not stop until the system is fixed.” -Joe 
“I’m going to fight for our servicemembers, National Guard, Reserve, Active duty, and I’m also going to take this fight for our veterans. For years and years to come, we’re going to have problems with these wars. And as any military family knows, all it takes is a stroke of a pen and your family member could be thousands of miles away from you. So we need a stroke of a pen to make sure everything gets taken care of.” –Jeff Sexton speaking on Senator Donnelly’s Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, named after his son.
High-quality education is crucial. I welcome the Zuckerbergs’ support for a stronger education system in California.
As college graduates turn their eyes toward establishing careers, here are some tips to keep in mind for that first job:
We must do more for our veterans. Veterans Affairs accountability means more housing and jobs, faster health care and benefits. They deserve nothing less.
Native Americans continue to serve our nation proudly at a rate four times higher than any other ethnicity or race. But too often, they don’t get the support or access to the health care, housing services, or benefits they have earned. On June 14 at United Tribes Technical College, I’m hosting a Native American Veterans Summit to connect Native veterans to VA officials, Veterans Service Officers, Indian Health Services officials and other resources to make sure they receive the benefits they deserve.
Fair grazing access is critical to not only the health of the grasslands, but also the livelihood of ranchers and their families across our state. Since last spring, I’ve been pushing on the Forest Service to better protect ranchers’ grazing rights. And today during a roundtable discussion in Dickinson, the Forest Service chief got the chance to hear directly from our ranchers about how many of the Forest Service’s policies are making it difficult for ranchers to do their jobs. 
Our veterans deserve the best care possible – because they earned it. And it should never be a question that they get access to such care in a timely manner. It is my hope that the resignation of Secretary Shinseki will allow us to focus on what should be everyone’s key goals: improving care for those who served and fixing the problems of access to services at VA hospitals around the country, including in Arizona, so they don't ever happen again. 
Learn more about how my bill to create a foster care tax credit will help foster parents across North Dakota. 
Congress must work together on a bipartisan basis to confront the systemic challenges that plague the Veterans Administration.   See my full statement: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEalwakS_mg&feature=youtu.be
After serving our country so valiantly, and for so many years, it is only appropriate that we develop a national shrine, on a beautiful piece of land right in our backyard, for our veterans’ final resting place. 
NA
Secretary Shinseki’s record of service and his efforts to improve the lives of his fellow veterans stand for what is right about America.  From additional community-based outpatient clinics and veterans centers, to improved use of telemedicine and a renewed focus on mental health, Secretary Shinseki and I worked hard together to improve the lives of Montana veterans.  Moving forward, I will re-double my efforts to ensure that the VA is effectively serving veterans across the country.  I look forward to working with Acting Secretary Gibson to aggressively change the VA’s culture and get veterans the timely care and benefits they have earned.
I’m fighting for federal infrastructure investments because too many of Rhode Island's roads and bridges are in poor condition, and because fixing them will create jobs. Today I joined Governor Lincoln Chafee, the Rhode Island Department of Transportation, leaders from the State House, and others to provide an update on my efforts, and to lay out goals that will support economic growth.
I honor General Shinseki's military service and support his decision to go. Now we must focus on fixing VA. Our veterans deserve our best efforts.
