Looks like it’s going to be a beautiful weekend here in Colorado. The U.S. Forest Service is waiving fees on Saturday to celebrate National Get Outdoors Day. Anyone planning on getting out and exploring some of Colorado’s beautiful national forest lands tomorrow? (Photo credit Colorado.com)
We’re calling on the National Retail Federation to join the national, bipartisan push for common sense measures to reduce gun violence. Proud to be standing with Newtown Action Alliance, representatives from CT Against Gun Violence and other advocates in this effort.  
Today in '67 #Baltimore's Thurgood Marshall was nominated to #SCOTUS. He was confirmed in August and became the first African American to serve on the Court. 
Thanks to @secretaryfoxx for coming to #Delaware today to see the plans to get the I-495 bridge up and running.
Senators Donnelly and Coats received a response late yesterday from U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson regarding their recent letters expressing concern about Indiana VA health care facilities. Donnelly said, “The gross misconduct recently identified in the OIG's interim report and the VA's own internal audit is unacceptable. Over the last two weeks, I have met with representatives from Indiana VA health care facilities to identify and better understand the challenges facing the delivery of timely and quality care to Hoosier veterans. While the VA continues to gather more information on facility-specific problems, I remain committed to working with the VA to ensure that all Hoosier veterans receive the quality care they deserve.”
Great news coming from the CSU system! Number of uninsured students drops by 60%. Covered California is a national leader for enrollment.
We must remain focused on reducing sexual assaults on college campuses—trivializing the issue is counterproductive.
In today’s economy, we should be eliminating the obstacles that keep Americans from earning the education needed to get ahead. College should not be a luxury. It should be an opportunity all Americans can afford. Outstanding student loan balances not only affect families working to pay those loans — it affects the economy as a whole. 
The President’s trip to North Dakota today was a major step forward in our efforts to elevate the issues facing our Native American citizens to a national level. The President and I have had our fair share of disagreements, but I will never question his Administration’s commitment to Indian Country. Because of his visit, Americans across the country were able to learn more about the culture and patriotism of Native Americans. It is my hope that we as a country will take this opportunity to come together and work on long-term solutions for Indian Country. 
This week's action by the Senate to pass bipartisan legislation I cosponsored to address patient wait times at VA hospitals and improve accountability is about ensuring our veterans get the care and benefits they have earned and deserve. It makes a significant down payment on reforms needed to address organizational failure at the VA, which has put lip service ahead of the health and well-being of our veterans.   These problems with veterans' care have dragged on long enough and must be addressed and corrected. I’m fighting for our veterans and their families so that promises made are promises kept.
They grow up so fast -- Jonathan and I in 1998 in front of the house where we still live. #FathersDay #TBT
Terrific tenants came out this am; fighting to keep them & other middle class families at home in Stuy Town & Peter Cooper Village
Tomorrow morning I’m kicking off my latest veterans listening tour in Anaconda discuss improving VA healthcare.  Montana veterans are welcome to join me at the American Legion at 8:30 a.m.
Congratulations to Sanderson Stewart – the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s 2014 DREAM BIG Small Business of the Year! It’s great to see Montana businesses thriving and being honored for their hard work and dedication to their community.
