At 4:30pm today I’ll deliver a speech on the Senate floor addressing the NFL’s handling of domestic violence. Our country affords our sports leagues anti-trust exemptions because of their special role in American culture, but that doesn’t give them the right to abuse this privilege. The era of the blank check for sports teams must end.  I’m introducing new legislation that will hold sports leagues accountable by removing leagues’ blanket anti-trust exemption, and instead make the exemption renewable every five years. These exemptions should depend on the leagues acting consistent with public trust—complying with ethical and legal standards and accountability to fans.  Tune in and watch the speech live, here: http://j.mp/1rb5JC1
Happy #ConstitutionDay! On this day, more than 200 years ago on 1787, our founders signed the U.S. Constitution—our nation’s most honored and important document. We commemorate this signing, and reaffirm our oath to protecting the rights we all still hold today.
Today in 1849 Harriet Tubman escaped slavery and set about on her mission to spread #freedom to all Americans.   Tubman was a true American heroine and #patriot, for whom liberty and freedom were not just ideas, but represented a real struggle for human rights. One hundred years after her death, we are properly honoring the legacy of this remarkable woman’s life, work, and contributions to our nation’s history  So proud the Senate approved my legislation to create two national historical parks to honor the life of Harriet Ross Tubman, the most famous “conductor” on the Underground Railroad.
"Nature lovers need to search no farther than Garrett County, Maryland  for the best fall colors this year, according to Travel + Leisure  Out of 20 towns featured, the national magazine awarded #Oakland in Western #Maryland the best town to view changing leaves."  
#ICYMI- Full video of Ben's Briefing on his End #Racial Profiling legislation.   "We also know that it is a waste of time and resources. We know it turns communities against law enforcement. But we also know it can be deadly, and therefore has got to end.” 
It's always a good time to be an Baltimore Orioles fan but tonight is special. Time to #BUCKleUp. #WeWontStop
Thanks to the G.I. Bill I was able to attend grad school at UD, an experience that fundamentally changed my life. I want to make sure every veteran has a similar experience and gets the most out of their hard-earned G.I. Bill benefits. That’s why today I introduced the Military and Veterans Education Protection Act to close the “90/10 Loophole” to make sure for-profit colleges do a better job serving veterans.
The news of the CFPB lawsuit against Corinthian Colleges should be the end of the road for this shameful company. The Department of Education should immediately prohibit this for-profit college from enrolling new students and accessing federal student aid dollars. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/09/16/cfpb-corinthian-colleges_n_5832540.html 
WATCH: Joe speaks on the Senate floor in recognition of Suicide Prevention Month, says we must address the scourge of military suicide, and calls for passage of the national defense bill which includes the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act.
Know a student or recent graduate considering an internship in Washington, D.C.? This Friday is the deadline for Joe’s spring D.C. internship and the Wayne Townsend & Frank J. Anderson Legislative Programs. Learn more and apply at http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/student-resources/internships and http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/legislativeprograms. 
Joe’s headed to the Senate floor now to speak in honor of Suicide Prevention Month. He’ll speak on the need to address military suicide and importance of passing the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. You can watch the speech live on C-SPAN 2 soon.  
Joe is scheduled to speak on the Senate floor around 1:15 pm this afternoon in honor of Suicide Prevention Month. Watch the speech live on C-SPAN 2.
Today I spoke on the Senate Floor to commemorate the 50th Anniversaries of the Wilderness Act and the Land and Water Conservation Fund. What does #Wilderness mean to you? 
It was great to talk to a student from Albuquerque High School about her project on constitutional issues that effect our community. #ConstitutionDay2014
It was National Lab Day on Capitol Hill yesterday.  Los Alamos National Laboratory and Sandia National Labs employ some of the best and brightest minds in the country and are indispensable to our national security.
Met with members of the Norwegian Parliament to discuss North Dakota’s Norwegian heritage. Had to thank them for the expressions “uff da,” and “you betchya”, delicious home cooked lefsa and the many other Norwegian influences we embrace in North Dakota.
It’s a great honor to receive the Fueling Growth Award for the second straight year. North American energy security and independence are vital to our future economic success, and investing in renewable energy like ethanol is a major part of that effort. A true all-of-the-above approach to energy production and the Renewable Fuel Standard are two essential pieces in the puzzle to a sustainable energy policy that will support farmers and their families across North Dakota, and put our country on a viable path moving forward. This honor renews my commitment to making sure ethanol and other biofuels remain integral parts of our nation’s energy mix. http://1.usa.gov/1u7JwTA
North Dakota faces a serious housing crisis, and I pressed the top U.S. official housing official to look at the new Fair Market Rents in North Dakota – which help low-income households reduce the share of their income that goes to rent – as I’m concerned they do not reflect the real cost of housing in the state, which has soared. Noting North Dakota has seen a 7.6 percent increase in population since 2010, and that some average rental rates in Williston and Dickinson top the charts as the most expensive in the nation. 
Take a moment to read my staffer's reflections on my end of summer tour through SWVA: 
 WASHINGTON (Wednesday, September 17, 2014) – Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) held a hearing entitled “Why Net Neutrality Matters: Protecting Consumers and Competition Through Meaningful Open Internet Rules.” The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is currently undertaking a rulemaking to restore open Internet protections in light of a D.C. Circuit Court decision earlier this year.  Leahy also chaired a field hearing on the issue in Vermont in July. Testimony, member statements, and a webcast of the full hearing are available online.    Video includes Leahy's opening statement and questioning of witnesses.  
Met with Waterbury's Rick Mastracchio yesterday to discuss his mission to the International Space Station. One meeting I can say was truly out of this world. #SpaceHumor
"It is time for real leaders in the world of big-time sports to do a soul search on character. Every decision they make reflects on them in ways that a won/loss record never will." - Claire   Read Claire's entire op-ed in USA TODAY on the "gut-check moment" for sports in this country. 
Today I introduced legislation with Senator Pat Toomey that will  restore critical job services to our brave veterans. We must do everything we can to ensure that our heroes, who have sacrificed so much in defense of our country, receive the best care and services when they return home, and that starts by helping them find secure, good-paying jobs.  To read more about the Protect VETS Act, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2a5ad04f-d66c-4ef0-a3e7-3c6e575b3f86
On this day in 1787, the supreme law of our great land, the United States Constitution, was signed by our Founding Fathers. As we celebrate the anniversary of this event that truly defined us as Americans, let us also honor the memory of the our beloved Senator Robert C. Byrd, who is responsible for designating September 17 every year officially as “Constitution Day.” Senator Byrd’s great passion for the Constitution and his unwavering dedication to West Virginia and our nation should inspire us every day, but especially today as we commemorate this signing of the document that changed our history.  In 2005, Senator Byrd gave the inaugural Constitution Day address at Shepherd University. Today, I encourage all West Virginians to watch his speech from that day and reflect on the many blessings and liberties that bind us together as “We The People.” http://cs.pn/1u7EmH6
ICYMI: Today I delivered a speech on the Senate floor outlining why I oppose funding, arming or training Syrian opposition forces.
The spirit of Buffalo is alive & well both in the Queen City & here in DC at the 36th Annual #BuffaloNite
Everyone is at #Buffalo Nite, even Buffy! #BuffaloNite2014
Getting ready for #BuffaloNite 2014!
Thank you to the Rory Staunton Foundation for being a beam of light in the darkness, raising awareness for Sepsis and calling for change. For more information visit: rorystaunton.com
Can a corporation fly a kite? No, #CorpsArentPeople.
The Senate has passed my bipartisan initiative to eliminate unnecessary government reports. Continuing to produce these outdated or duplicate reports year after year is a waste of time and taxpayer money. Federal agencies should be focused on delivering results for taxpayers instead of wasting time and resources producing reports that nobody uses or even reads. http://1.usa.gov/YSCCsn
Former Rep. Anthony Weiner didn’t like that I called out Eric Cantor for taking a revolving door job on Wall Street. Let’s look at the facts: http://huff.to/1BMFnsW
My Democratic colleagues and I went to the Senate floor today to call on Republicans to allow the Senate to pass the Bank on Students Act. Instead, they blocked it again. I'm deeply disappointed that the Senate Republicans put the interests of millionaires and billionaires before the millions of Americans being crushed with student loan debt -- but the fight isn't over.
