Please share ...
NA
The Delaware delegation is hosting two more job fairs this year on Oct. 17 and Nov. 4. Please share this with your friends and neighbors looking for seasonal or long-term employment! Senator Tom Carper Congressman John Carney
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Mayor Tom Henry announced a $71 million investment project in Fort Wayne. This collaborative initiative between the city, Ash Brokerage Corporation, and Hanning & Bean Enterprises, Inc. will result in new knowledge-based jobs, hundreds of construction jobs, housing, and retail in the community.
PHOTO: Today I met a group of very smart 8th graders from my alma mater, Convent of the Sacred Heart, who are visiting DC this week.
Is the Senate on Cruz Control? Let’s hope not. New Mexicans will be hurt if Senator Ted Cruz and Republican Tea Party members shutdown the federal government over #Obamacare.
Whether in factories, on farms, or in your local diner, human trafficking of workers is right under our noses. No longer can we turn a blind eye to the issue. Today, at a Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing, my colleagues and I heard from experts in the field about how to address the problem of human trafficking in the U.S.
The effects of harsh across-the-board cuts are felt around North Dakota, and it's disheartening to hear how they are impacting schools in the state. Today, I met with representatives from Solen School, located on the Standing Rock reservation, to discuss how these cuts are impacting the school's ability to educate the students. I'm committed to fighting to make sure North Dakota students are given every opportunity to succeed.
The Williames from Dickinson are deeply committed to giving homes to children and they are inspirations to those around them. There are few people I respect more than foster parents, and I'm so proud to have nominated the Williams family as Angels in Adoption. Read more about their story below.
This weekend I joined President Obama, the Navy community and affected families at a memorial for victims of the senseless Navy Yard tragedy. My deepest sympathies and condolences are with the victims, their families & all those affected by this terrible, horrific act. My thanks are with our local and federal law enforcement who were first on the scene.   A new hotline has been set up for victims & witnesses and survivors to connect to crisis & trauma counseling: call 1-866-962-5048.  Earlier in the week I spoke on the Senate floor with a heavy heart for the victims of Navy Yard – including 6 Marylanders killed.
If we lived in a perfect world, no one would ever have to worry about how much it costs to keep the lights on in their house.  But we don’t live in a perfect world.  We live in the real world where hardworking families and seniors keep a close eye on energy costs, because any increase in those costs usually means having to cut back somewhere else, usually on necessities.  Ron Binz, the Obama Administration’s nominee to chair the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, doesn't seem to understand the real world and how, for example, a $30 hike in a monthly electric bill can send shock waves through a family budget.  Continue reading this week's Message from the Hill to the Mountains: http://1.usa.gov/1bBodnZ
ICYMI: Yesterday I sat down with Bob Schieffer on Face The Nation to discuss funding our government and reducing our debt and deficit.
We can't allow Republicans to drive the economy off a cliff, Thelma & Louise style.
The Affordable Care Act has been the law of the land for four years. Democrats are willing to work with reasonable Republicans to improve this law. But we will not bow to Tea Party anarchists who deny the mere fact that Obamacare is the law. We will not bow to Tea Party anarchists who refuse to accept that the Supreme Court ruled Obamacare to be constitutional. And we will not bow to Tea Party anarchists in the House and the Senate who ignore the fact that President Obama was overwhelmingly reelected in November.
I am glad to see more and more of my moderate Republican colleagues stepping up to speak sense to more extremist elements of their party.
Safety comes first at #HudsonYards, bodes well for @Amtrak’s new tunnels that will speed travel between NY & NJ
Senator Brian Schatz announced that he will be co-sponsoring a number of bills to unlock Hawai‘i students’ full potential by expanding early education, providing more counseling and after school opportunities, fostering excellent educators, and modernizing schools.  “In order to build a better future for Hawai‘i, we must begin with our students,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “We know so much about how to help students achieve their full potential, and the federal government can do more to help states provide the conditions for students’ success.  For example, we know that children who have access to early childhood education are much more likely to succeed in school and after they graduate.  We also see real classroom results when we give our teachers relevant and timely training.  These bills would give states more resources in the areas that really matter so that our kids have greater opportunities to succeed.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345786
I’m very excited to speak with members of Virginia21 via Google+ Hangout tomorrow. Issues surrounding higher education affordability and accessibility are at the forefront of any discussions about strengthening our economy. You can tweet a question to @virginia21 or use #AskWarner, and you can follow the Hangout at: http://www.virginia21.org/event/askwarner/
One of my most important responsibilities as your Senator is nominating young men and women for admission to our country’s service academies. If you are interested in applying for a nomination, the deadline for submitting completed applications for the class entering the summer of 2014 is THIS FRIDAY, September 27 at 5 PM. More information is available at the link below.
NA
