In the desert today with Secretary Sally Jewell to celebrate a broad coalition supporting responsible clean energy development #ActOnClimate
I support the President taking the fight to these terrorists with an unprecedented coalition of Arab partners, because we cannot stand idly by while barbaric groups threaten America and the entire world. #ISIL
An estimated 25,000-32,000 women become pregnant each year as a result of rape or incest—emergency contraception can be a crucial asset for many rape survivors. I’m proud to co-sponsor the Emergency Contraception Access & Education Act of 2014 which will require many hospitals to provide survivors of sexual assault with information about emergency contraception, and to offer survivors the option of emergency contraception.   Read more about the bill, and share: http://j.mp/1DwlND4
Science tells us climate change is real and it is among the biggest global threats facing us today.  The notion that we must choose between economic growth and environmental protection is a fallacy. As the President outlined at the @UN, our nation has taken bold but practical steps to encourage the development and production of innovative and environmentally friendly manufacturing, as well as sustainable and livable communities.  We need to better prepare our countries for the effects of climate change we already are starting to see today. Adaptation and resiliency to these changes must become a priority as the global community faces a serious climate-change induced, humanitarian crisis.  While here at the #UNGA, I look forward to working with the international community to share ideas on how we all can better advance international initiatives to halt the causes of climate change.
Honored to have been confirmed by the US Senate as a Representative of the United States to the 69th Session of the United Nations General Assembly. The United States holds a unique role in the world as the principal defender against #extremism, #corruption and #humanrights abuses wherever they occur. We lead the international community in providing stability, humanitarian relief, and defense of the innocent. The United Nations has a historic mission that supports these efforts. I look forward to working with our diplomats to ensure that the constructive relationships and partnerships developed within the United Nations contribute to the success of American efforts around the world. I also plan to seize this opportunity to shine spotlight on questionable actions and statements by #UN officials and organizations, particularly with regards to #Israel and human rights.
***SHARE***  Today is National Voter Registration Day. Make sure you're registered or SHARE this so that others can register before the elections. This isn’t about Republicans or Democrats. It’s not about a particular issue or politics as usual. It's about every American coming together so we don’t forget to register before the elections.  #CelebrateNVRD #RockTheVote    
Last Friday, I was fortunate to tour the Delaware Memorial Bridge The new coats of paint there will help to preserve the bridge for many years to come. Keep up the good work! http://t.co/n7PFOwvSBv
It’s on us to be more than a bystander. It’s on us to step up and say something. I’m Senator Bob Casey and it’s on us, all of us, to stop sexual assault. I took the pledge and you can to at itsonus.org #ItsOnUs
Congrats to Fox Chapel Area High School student, Mihir Garimella for winning his age group in the 2014 Google Science Fair! #GSF2014
September is National Preparedness Month. Check out this public service announcement Joe filmed with the The Weather Channel's Jim Cantore to remind Hoosiers to have a plan in place before dangerous weather strikes.
We can no longer ignore the realities of climate change. Pleased to see all the action in New York. 
Today’s federal court sentencing of an al-Qaeda terrorist shows we will continue to capture and punish our enemies.
I strongly support airstrikes in Syria. They are critical for the president’s strategy to confront ISIL, Khorasan and other groups. Five Arab nations participated or supported the airstrikes. It's vital that the U.S. has strong allies for this mission. Read my full statement below:
This investment will help better manage regional transportation, ease congestion, and support a more coordinated transit network for workers attracted to the expanding job centers in Santa Teresa.  As our state continues to grow as an international trade center, the Santa Teresa Port of Entry will be key in sustaining the diversity of our economy. 
The right to vote is a cornerstone of our democracy, and a responsibility of citizenship. For National Voter Registration Day, honor our right to vote by registering and making your voice heard. #CelebrateNVRD
Excited that ONEOK will invest again in North Dakota--this time with $480-$680 million for natural gas processing facilities, which reduce flaring, provide jobs, increase revenue & harness more natural gas in our great state for years to come. See this photo from my visit to ONEOK’s facility in Williston last January.
Less than a week left for North Dakota livestock producers who experienced grazing losses due to drought and fire since October 2011 to apply for assistance through the Livestock Forage Disaster Program. Starting on October 1, livestock producers may see a reduction in the amount of disaster relief they can receive. Making sure North Dakota farmers, growers and producers receive the support they deserve was something I fought for in the Farm Bill which Congress passed, and why it was important to make the Livestock Forage Disaster Program permanent. 
Thanks to Randolph Macon College students and faculty for a great turnout and discussion yesterday!
Navy Chaplain Lieutenant Thomas M. Conway, who grew up on Cooke Street in Waterbury, was a chaplain aboard the USS Medusa and the USS Indianapolis during the Second World War. On July 30, 1945, Father Conway was aboard the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine. Of the 1,196 crew aboard, approximately 300 were killed in the attack and subsequent sinking of the ship.   Father Conway was among the roughly 900 sailors left in the water facing shark attacks, dehydration, and exposure. For three straight days, Father Conway swam back and forth among crew members, helping individual sailors who drifted away to rejoin their comrades, organizing prayer groups, and urging the increasingly dehydrated and delirious men not to give up hope of rescue. He died on the third day, August 2, 1945, shortly before Navy pilots spotted the survivors. Just 316 men survived, making the sinking of the USS Indianapolis the single greatest loss of life at sea in the history of the United States Navy.  This week, Senator Blumenthal and I sent Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy, new evidence and documentation from veterans across the United States supporting the application to posthumously award Father Conway the Navy Cross – America’s second highest military decoration for valor. We were able to get these stories thanks to the local efforts of Bob Dorr, Secretary of the Waterbury veterans Memorial Committee, and the entire Waterbury Veterans Committee. They were able to gather eyewitness accounts of Father Conway’s actions to help make the case for this recognition to the Navy.   The living survivors of the USS Indianapolis have made it their mission to make sure Father Conway is recognized by the U.S. Navy for his acts of heroism, saving many of their comrades’ lives at sea. I'm proud to join their efforts so that Father Conway is posthumously awarded the Navy Cross which he undoubtedly deserves.
The GEAR UP Program has already seen effective results in increasing the number of students entering and succeeding at the college level in West Virginia, and I am pleased that the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission has been awarded its second consecutive GEAR UP grant. By providing greater access to college, this program will help build the educated workforce we need to keep our economy growing and to maintain a competitive edge in the global marketplace.  http://www.wvhepc.com/west-virginia-awarded-21-million-gear-up-college-readiness-grant/ 
I support President Obama's decisive action to degrade and destroy ISIS and other terrorists in Syria with the assistance of our Arab partners. As President Obama said, this is not our fight alone. The presence of Arab nations in these airstrikes and President Obama's commitment that we will not use U.S. ground forces in combat are clear evidence that President Obama will not repeat the mistakes of the past.  As we move forward, I expect consultations between the administration and Congress to continue.
Are you hooked on The Roosevelts on PBS? Honor their legacy & celebrate National Voter Registration Day by registering today: http://nationalvoterregistrationday.org/ #CelebrateNVRD 
Wrote new legislation to fight identity theft & related tax fraud. If you missed it on Sunday, check out 60 Minutes piece on identity tax refund fraud: 
Tomorrow afternoon I’m kicking-off my latest veterans listening tour in Billings.  Montana veterans are welcome to join me at 1:30 p.m. at the Billings Public Library Community Room, on 510 Broadway.
The Social Security Administration offers vital benefits to help veterans and wounded warriors, including expedited processing of disability claims. Find out more: 1.usa.gov/1wbrYpC 
