I just joined Senator Dianne Feinstein in asking our California hospitals to make sure their staff are fully trained and prepared to screen, diagnose and treat any potential #Ebola  patients. 
I sat down with The Yale Herald to discuss my bipartisan legislation—the Campus Accountability and Safety Act—which addresses campus sexual assault.   I proposed this bill with my colleagues because there’s an urgent need for more professional standards within universities so that there is room for process and fairness when it comes to campus sexual assault. We also need funding for bystander intervention so that there’s more proactive involvement of students in preventing this crime. There need to be agreements and protocols with the police so that the crime is reported if that’s what the survivor wants—and more transparency and surveying done anonymously and annually, so that the public is aware of how frequently this crime occurs. Students should be interviewed as part of that survey to determine whether they know of assaults or have been survivors.  Read the full interview here: http://j.mp/1rIqVOh
3 words sum up that #orioles win:#WeWontStop
#America is the land of opportunity, but - for far too many - skin color dictates which opportunities are available. I believe deeply in President Obama’s ‘#MyBrothersKeeper initiative. It will not only benefit young men of color, it will benefit all Americans by engaging the success of community leaders to greater improve our county.   Heading to Bowie State University with Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer to discuss #MyBrothersKeeper with students and community leaders.
On Thursday, I joined Delaware’s new DNREC Secretary Dave Small, EPA Regional Administrator Shawn Garvin, and Jennifer Adkins of the Parnership for the Delaware Estuary to announce federal funding for wetland research. Wetlands are like our nation’s kidneys by cleaning the water and shock absorbers to our storms, and it’s important that we protect these vital habitats.
Enjoyed my conversation with Mitchell Culler and The Daily Collegian about issues affecting Penn State students. Thanks for having me!
Joe released the following statement tonight regarding the news of ISIS hostage, Hoosier Peter Kassig:  “This is an unimaginably devastating situation for any parent to endure.  My prayers are with Peter’s parents at this terrible time.  My family, like everyone in Indiana and across our country, is praying for and thinking of Peter and his family.  I ask for respect of the Kassig family’s privacy as they seek to navigate this heartbreaking situation.  I ask all Hoosiers to continue to keep Peter in their thoughts and prayers in the days ahead.” 
Today is National Manufacturing Day—a day to recognize manufacturers across the country for their contributions to our economy. Indiana manufacturing accounts for 30% of our gross state product and employs over 500,000 Hoosiers. Visit http://www.mfgday.com/ to learn more and to find out about a #ManufacturingDay event happening near you.
Joe spoke at Habitat for Humanity of Indiana's 30th Anniversary Luncheon today to thank them for 30 years of serving Hoosiers across the state. Habitat for Humanity has 64 affiliates in Indiana covering 75 counties and is working to help Hoosier veterans find jobs and volunteer opportunities.
Joe’s Central Indiana Regional Director accepted an award on his behalf from the Atterbury and IndyPendence Job Corps for Joe’s support of the students involved in these great job training and academic support programs.
Congratulations to the The Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce for receiving the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce’s 2014 Chamber of Year Award. I am grateful for their efforts to strengthen the Hispanic business community in Albuquerque and provide important workforce training for students and job seekers. Well deserved!
It’s October 3, so you know what that means – it’s Mean Girls Day. In honor of the classic American teen comedy, read my list of what it would be like if Mean Girls were from North Dakota.  
With the announcement Tuesday of the first Ebola case diagnosed in the U.S., many have questions about the virus and its potential threat. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention and public health officials are taking precautions and are prepared to respond. For information and facts about Ebola in the U.S., please visit the CDC website: http://1.usa.gov/1s4IJ54
I'm standing shoulder to shoulder with Senator Cardin, Congressman Cummings and Baltimore faith and community leaders to say it's time to end racial profiling!  Racial profiling is discrimination - plain and simple. Families in their own communities should not have to fear they'll be singled out because of their race, ethnicity or religion.   It's time to act! When we say justice for all - we must mean it. 
On my Maryland Jobs Tour this week I met with members of the Frederick County Chamber of Commerce to talk growing our economy and supporting jobs, jobs, jobs. I believe the best social program is a job, and that no one should have to leave Frederick to get a job. I promise to continue to fight for Frederick and Western Maryland communities, supporting jobs today and jobs tomorrow.
Starting Monday, Claire's launching her #ClaireOnCampus tour, where she'll travel across the state visiting colleges and universities to talk directly with students, educators, and law enforcement on ways to combat sexual violence on campus.  We'll continue to update you on this page, as she makes her way across Missouri.   Read more about the tour, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/mccaskill-launching-claire-on-campus-tour-across-missouri_targeting-sexual-violence-at-colleges-and-universities
Happy #NationalManufacturingDay! If we don’t make things in America, we won’t have a middle class in America. Today, let’s celebrate the Made-in-Oregon manufacturing that drives our economy and is a major source of the good, living-wage jobs that are so crucial to our state.
In Warren this morning to help cut the ribbon at the new Hope & Main food business incubator.  The Rhode Island food economy is taking off, and Hope & Main will help chart its future.   I'm proud to have supported this important project from day one.  Here's a look back at how we got here: http://bit.ly/1lUBnBT
Sullivan's Charbroil in Sheridan is still open w/ fall hours - can't miss their burgers, curly fries or ice cream! #NYtownoftheday
In case you didn't notice, it is PEAK color weekend in New York! #fallfoliage
The Southern Tier High Tech incubator will bring together the best Binghamton and Broome County have to offer when it comes to research, academia, economic development and the manufacturing industry, and it will become a magnet for entrepreneurs across New York State.
I was proud to present Bernard with the medals he earned and proud to see folks recognizing his work as a Foster Grandparent.
Virginia’s manufacturing sector supports over 230,000 high-quality jobs and is critical to our continued economic growth. My America Recruits Act would incentivize the creation of manufacturing jobs here at home and make sure Virginia’s workers have the education and training to excel in today’s high-skill manufacturing sector.  #MFGDAY14 http://1.usa.gov/1vD5r88
A new study released this week by Harvard, Syracuse, and Boston Universities finds that pollution-cutting policies like the Obama Administration's Clean Power Plan would have significant health benefits, preventing about 3,500 deaths, 1,000 hospitalizations, and 220 heart attacks per year. We must work together to implement smart policies that will help protect our health and environment, fight climate change, and build a better future for our kids and grandkids.
