I hope Americans in Wisconsin and across the country enjoy the holidays filled with family, food, and fun! - TB
Sometimes food, football, and shopping seem to be the main focus of Thanksgiving. During this holiday season, it’s important to ensure that our neighbors in Delaware and across the country have much to be thankful for as well. What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving?
The Pittsburgh Steelers
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving. I'm thankful to our service men and women who make great sacrifices to keep us safe.
From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving. Congratulations to the Concord High School Marching Minutemen from Elkhart, who today made their 7th appearance in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. - Joe
This Thanksgiving, I'm especially thankful for all of the thoughtful and passionate North Dakotans who look out for one another every day - like the selfless teachers, volunteers, first responders, medical professionals, advocates, and so many more, who truly make our state so special. Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
NA
Wishing you and your family a happy and healthy Thanksgiving.  May God continue His many blessings on America and on the great state of West Virginia.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=7beccc3a-4fa6-4ae2-b553-0909659897ed
It's no Charlie Brown Thanksgiving, but this 2 minute video from the #NewYorkTimes is worth watching:
Hope everyone is having a safe and happy holiday. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours!
From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving! Aloha, Brian
“Americans gather on Thanksgiving to express gratitude for our blessings, families, and our country.  I would like to give special thanks to our veterans and service members, in Hawai‘i and all over the world, who serve to protect us here at home. I am so thankful to represent the people of Hawai‘i – our strong values, compassion, hard work, and aloha spirit have made our state a special place to call home. Today and every day let us always remember to be thankful for each other and our blessings.  From my family to yours - Happy Thanksgiving.” – BES
Thankful today and every day for my family, the troops who keep us safe, and for the honor of representing Virginia. Wishing you and yours a very happy and healthy Thanksgiving.
A very Happy Hanukkah to all those celebrating across the Commonwealth tonight.
