VIDEO: Take a look at Tammy on PBS Newshour, talking about the big issues facing Wisconsin and the nation.
Are you a business owner looking to sell your goods and services overseas? The process can be complicated but we'd like to cut some red tape and connect you to the people and resources that can help. Sign up for one of our Beyond Colorado workshops today.
“Congress cannot continue to kick the can down the road, stalling the decision making process at every turn”  Following a Senate vote on H.R. 325, a temporary extension of the debt ceiling limit, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee, called on his colleagues to come together to find a bipartisan, long-term solution to our nation’s fiscal problems.   “Like every American family that has used a credit card, when a bill is due, it needs to be paid in a timely manner. The United States of America also has to pay its bills. At no time in our history has our country been unable or unwilling to pay its debts. Raising our debt ceiling had to be done – not so we can spend more, but to pay the bills we already have.  Default is not an option. Even delaying the decision to increase the debt limit has put our standing in the world economy in jeopardy and would cost our country and American families. America’s borrowing costs would be permanently higher, and the market’s confidence in our political system would be harmed, perhaps permanently.  “After we approve a debt ceiling increase, we have just a few weeks before sequestration occurs.  We were supposed to avoid sequestration. But here we are again, edging closer and closer to these draconian, automatic spending cuts. Soon after that our continuing resolution to temporarily fund the government expires, and then we are back to debating the debt ceiling. Congress must stop stalling.  It is time for bipartisan solutions to our fiscal challenges.  Americans deserve certainty and stability in the financial markets; small businesses need access to affordable credit.  Our seniors who depend on Social Security and working families who are struggling to pay their monthly bills deserve more from their elected leaders. It’s time to move away from stopgap measures and develop comprehensive and fair solutions to solving our long-term deficit and debt problem.”
I receive many letters each day from constituents, but today's batch of 25 postcards from Ms. Sakovics' third grade class at Wilmington Friends School in support of a national park for Delaware was a treat.
NA
Senator Chris Coons has been named chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Bankruptcy and the Courts for the 113th Congress. The Subcommittee will have jurisdiction over key piece of Delaware’s judicial economy.
The public supports an assault weapons ban—doctors, teachers, law enforcement, religious leaders, mayors. It’s time for Washington to follow suit.
VIDEO: I joined Wolf Blitzer on CNN's The Situation Room last night to talk about my assault weapons bill. Watch HERE:
This week I was joined by my friend and colleague Senator Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) on MSNBC to discuss our fight for the Paycheck Fairness Act and why it's time to have equal pay for equal work.   We also made a wager to support our teams heading into the Super Bowl this Sunday. I'm looking forward to California crabs and wine courtesy of Senators Boxer and Feinstein after the Ravens fly high to victory!
After a face-to-face meeting last week, Claire quizzed Defense Secretary Nominee Chuck Hagel on a variety of issues, including deterring Iran’s nuclear weapons program, and efforts to tamp down wasteful spending at the Pentagon.
Now is the time to fix our broken immigration system. Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle are currently working towards a common-sense, bipartisan solution to this issue. As a Senator from Nevada, I have seen firsthand how the hardships imposed by our broken immigration system have hurt families and strained our economy. I am personally committed to resolving this issue. With the President's leadership and members of both parties working together in the Senate, the momentum towards a solution is real. I'll work tirelessly to make this reform happen in the Senate.    El momento para arreglar nuestro roto sistema migratorio es ahora. Como Senador por Nevada, he visto de primera mano cómo las dificultades causadas por nuestro disfuncional sistema migratorio han lastimado familias y debilitado nuestra economía. Personalmente, estoy comprometido con resolver este problema. Con el liderazgo del Presidente, y con miembros de ambos partidos trabajando juntos en el Senado, el impulso hacia una resolución es real y trabajaré incansablemente para que esta reforma sea aprobada en el Senado.
Senator Shaheen will be appearing on Hardball with Chris Matthews at 5 p.m. to discuss Chuck Hagel's confirmation hearing today in the Senate Armed Services Committee. Tune in!
Senator Shaheen met with Annabella Wu and her father, Yongge Wu, at the United States Capitol. Annabella was in Washington to participate in the National Parent Teacher Association (PTA) Reflections Art Exhibit Opening and Ribbon Cutting ceremony at the U.S. Department of Education, where a video of her award-winning dance choreography was featured.  The National PTA’s Reflections Program encourages art in education and honors students who submit theme-based photography, visual arts, musical compositions, films and dance choreography. Annabella is a third grade student from Matthew Thornton Elementary School in Londonderry, NH.  She and her family reside in Londonderry.
Senator Shaheen will be questioning Secretary of Defense nominee Chuck Hagel this morning during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing.   To watch live, click here: http://cs.pn/TfSxM7
Montanans made their voices heard and Glacier National Park will keep its famous red jammer buses.  Now folks will continue to enjoy this iconic part of the Glacier experience.
Small businesses are the engine of our economy, and winning federal contracts can provide them with new opportunities for growth. With support from New Mexico's small business community, today I introduced the ACE Act as my first bill of the 113th Congress. It would help these local businesses -- especially those owned by women and veterans -- by increasing federal contracting opportunities and bringing more transparency to the system.
“One of things that I think is fundamentally flawed in our political system is that both sides negotiate like every deal is the last deal…The idea that with every deal, the Democrats have to win or the Republicans have to win is just not a rational way in our legislative, two party system to operate.” -Senator Warner (staff)
Have questions for Senator Warner? He'll be holding a Twitter town hall TODAY, January 31 at noon. To follow or join the conversation, use #askwarner. (staff)
