There is no other country in the world for which immigration is so central to its history and its identity. And yet even though we agree on both sides of the aisle that our current immigration system is broken, we are still waiting for the House of Representatives to pass a bill that will help fix the problems that are plaguing our economy and hurting families across the country.   On this day a year ago, the Senate came together and passed a bill with strong bipartisan support. It was crafted with the help of four Republicans who came to the negotiating table because it was the right thing to do for their country and the right thing for their party – in that order. The bill we passed was supported by countless organizations, from migrant workers to farmers and ranchers, from law enforcement agencies to the faith community, Latino leaders across this country, and the Chamber of Commerce to labor unions.   Coloradans want Congress to stop posturing and pass a bill – a good bipartisan bill. Fixing our broken immigration system is long overdue, and I believe that the bipartisan solution crafted in our Senate bill will fix it just fine. It is time for the House to act.
Sherrod Brown, Rosa DeLauro and I have introduced new legislation—the Medicare Advantage Participant Bill of Rights Act—which would protect Medicare Advantage beneficiaries from losing their providers in the middle of the year or without cause.   This measure vitally protects elderly and frail patients from losing doctors they know and trust. Read more: http://j.mp/UPYD8O
Good news for fans of  Heavy Seas Beer- there's about to be more #HeavySeas Beer!  #Maryland is home to many small breweries. Small breweries create solid jobs, bolster local supply chains and make some fine products. I am proud to have introduced the #SmallBrew Act in the Senate to help breweries like Heavy Seas expand and create more jobs. 
No matter what side of this debate you are on, most of us agree that America’s immigration system is broken. One year ago U.S. Senate Democrats and Senate Republicans passed a strong, yet fair #ImmigrationRefform bill. For a year Republican leadership in the House has refused to allow a vote to fix our broken system.   The #TimeIsNow.
Congrats to Delawarean Kimberly Schlichting who today is celebrating one year cancer free!
Great news for Delaware's three top-notch Children's Advocacy Centers and the many child victims they protect. Now it's time for the House to take up and pass this critical bill.
I come to the issue of immigration like most: with a family story. My mother was an immigrant to this country, brought here at the age of two from Lithuania. She landed in Baltimore and made her way to East St. Louis, Illinois, where I grew up, looking for opportunity. That’s my story. That’s my family’s story. But, it’s also America’s story. I hope House Republicans can realize that in the coming weeks, and call comprehensive immigration reform up for a vote. Eleven million undocumented immigrants and Dreamers have waited 365 days for their chance at opportunity. How much longer will they need to wait? The time is now.
Senator Donnelly enjoys meeting with student groups from around the state while they are visiting Washington, D.C. This album highlights some of those groups.
Expanding Yosemite would benefit Californians and the park. Read about it in the San Jose Mercury News:
After a vigorous public debate last year, the Senate passed a common-sense proposal that would modernize our immigration system to meet the needs of our economy, provide an accountable pathway to earned citizenship for the undocumented workers currently living in the shadows, and dramatically strengthen security at our borders. But here we are a year later, and House Republicans are still unwilling to act. Now things are urgent. The surge of unaccompanied children from Central America crossing into the United States is of great concern to all of us. If House Republicans want to help solve this crisis and make our policies crystal clear, they would pass the Senate's bipartisan immigration bill.
Today I toured the City of Surrey and met with Surrey city administrators to discuss the challenges the city is currently facing and try to find a productive path forward. North Dakota’s energy boom has provided some serious benefits for our state and made us a leader in economic development. We also need to make investments to help growing towns, like Surrey, face the housing, infrastructure, law enforcement, and education challenges that have arisen. 
Glad I was able to meet with Joseph Renvold and his family today. Tomorrow he leaves for Plebe summer and will be a Midshipman at the U.S. Navy Academy. Proud to have nominated him for this high honor.
Great news that $2 million to help train first responders for incidents involving hazardous materials transported by rail was included in a Senate appropriations bill. Working closely with North Dakota first responders, I have reinforced we have to make sure our first responders are prepared for incidents like we saw in Casselton last December. These new funds show that our persistent efforts are resonating. In March, I held a Senate hearing about the need to better support first responders as they handle new hazards, such as more oil on the rails, and this week I introduced a bill to make sure our first responders have better access to training and resources. 
Senator Leahy will be exploring how to preserve a free and open internet by chairing an official hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday, July 1, at 10 a.m. at the Davis Center on the campus of UVM in Burlington.  Vermonters are invited to attend the hearing, which is titled “Preserving an Open Internet: Rules to Promote Competition and Protect Main Street Consumers."  For more information: http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-announces-witnesses-details-for-july-1-us-senate-field-hearing-in-vermont-on-open-internet-rules
As our nation continues to look at how to best create, sustain, and support high-paying jobs, we must look at how best to educate our workforce and how best to provide needed resources to fill jobs in high-demand.   The Senate's bipartisan action this week to reauthorize the Workforce Investment Act is a major step supporting jobs and helping our nation remain competitive globally. This is a down-payment on our middle class and our nation’s future, promoting jobs today and jobs tomorrow. 
Thrilled that the Air Force decided to award Sikorsky a $1.3 billion contract to replace the aging HH-60G Pave Hawk helicopter fleet. This is the first installment of potentially $7.9 billion to purchase 112 new Combat Rescue Helicopters. Huge news for Connecticut, and something I've been proud to advocate for.  http://ctmirror.org/pentagon-awards-combat-rescue-helicopter-contract-to-sikorsky/
Short-lived climate pollutants are the problem too few people are talking about, but are doing some of the worst damage to the atmosphere. These pollutants - like methane that is leaked by landfills and oil and gas exploration, refrigerants leaking from refrigerators and air conditioners, and soot from diesel engines and millions of traditional cookstoves all over the developing world - are creating 40 percent of global warming. As we work to combat threats to our climate, we can’t leave short-lived pollutants out of the equation. The bill I announced today with Senator Susan Collins, a Republican from Maine, will take these dangerous pollutants head on by making smarter use of tools already at our disposal here in the U.S. This is a bipartisan proposal to address a global threat that we can't afford to ignore.  http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2014/06/26/3453619/senators-bipartisan-bill-climate/ 
There’s nowhere more beautiful than Oregon. Share if you agree! 
Women are powering the economy more & more - now our workplace policies just need to catch up to better support them. #FamiliesSucceed
Public transportation helps drive our economy. Investing in Ripta pays dividends for our communities and helps connect more Rhode Islanders with jobs and opportunities.  Today we launched the new R-Line, which combines RIPTA's two highest-used bus routes in the state, Routes 11 and 99, into a single Rapid Bus route which will offer passengers faster, higher-quality service. I'm pleased to have helped secure $6 million in federal funds to make this possible for Rhode Island commuters.
Thanks to the Rhode Island Science & Technology Advisory Council, the Rhode Island Commerce Corporation and all the RI entrepreneurs who came out to our Business Innovation Forum today.  Together, we can make #RI a great place for entrepreneurs to start and grow a company, and help more small businesses launch cutting-edge ideas here at home.
Today Senator Shaheen and members of the New Hampshire Association of Realtors held a roundtable discussion on the current state of the New Hampshire real estate market and its impact on the New Hampshire economy. During the roundtable, Shaheen discussed her efforts to support the recovering housing market and affordable housing.   Senator Shaheen’s office has helped more than 1,200 Granite State families with issues related to their mortgages - including short sale assistance, stopping foreclosures and assistance obtaining mortgage modifications.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1iD84Ue
As residents of a border state, New Mexicans understand the challenges we face in securing our border while also respecting that we are a nation of immigrants. They also know how critical it is for us to act to protect our nation, strengthen families and support our economy. Today marks a year since I proudly joined the Senate in passing comprehensive immigration legislation to humanely reform our immigration policy and dramatically improve our border security.  The newest immigration crisis we face at our border is heartbreaking - thousands of women and children seeking entry out of desperation and based on false information about our immigration policies. In the last two weeks, I've heard many of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives throw around blame for this situation without offering a realistic solution. The fastest way to clarify and enforce our laws is in their hands - passing the Senate immigration reform legislation. And I call on them to act urgently.
We're entering the second week of our spring #ShowcaseNM photo contest. Below are a few great photos submitted of New Mexico from all four corners – vote now by "liking" your favorite and sharing the album with others. The total number of your "likes" on each photo will determine the winners, which will showcased throughout my website and social media channels for others across the state to see. Thanks again to everyone for participating!
On National #PTSD Day, glad to see our female vets who were much more likely to be denied services for PTSD are now getting the care they deserve 1.usa.gov/1px6p5c 
