We have the chance to pass a common-sense, bipartisan bill that will strengthen our economy and our families, better protect our borders and our communities and offer a tough but fair path to citizenship to those currently here without any legal status at all. "LIKE" and share this speech if you support fixing our immigration system.
Despite reforms to tighten prohibitions against animal fighting, a glaring federal law loophole remains: Attendance at an animal fight must be made a federal crime. Now, the Animal Fighting Spectator Prohibition Act presently has 14 bipartisan co-sponsors in the Senate and 147 bipartisan co-sponsors in the House. This legislation is supported by a host of animal welfare groups and approximately 300 law enforcement organizations. Closing the spectator loophole in federal animal fighting statutes will help close the books on this inhumane activity. Read my op-ed on the bill here!
Blue Alert is an essential tool that our law enforcement officers, need and deserve.
Speaking at a forum organized by Opportunity Nation and CFED on Capitol Hill last week, Senator Coons made an impassioned case for doing more to help kids from low-income families save for college, sharing his own personal experience working with at-risk kids with the "I Have a Dream" Foundation.   Click below to watch his speech!
In Part One of this installment of Dick Durbin's "Capitol Report: A Different View," Senator Durbin speaks with retired Senator from Indiana, Richard Lugar, about his path from Indiana to the United States Senate.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
Share this story with your friends. Hoosier Ag Today: Donnelly introduced an amendment, passed as part of the full bill, that would give the next generation of bioenergy crops access to base levels of risk management to help put a logical safety net in place for producers. http://www.hoosieragtoday.com/index.php/2013/05/14/senate-ag-committee-passes-new-farm-bill-2/
On Peace Officers Memorial Day, thank you so much to those who keep North Dakota communities safe.
At Indian Affairs Committee now questioning Secretary Jewell re Indian Country priorities for the Interior Department. Watch live:
Nice to chat Farm Bill with folks from National Association of Farm Broadcasting and Red River Farm Network's Mike Hergert.
Up early running to raise money for the  Wounded Warrior Project at the ACLI challenge.
Great to work in a bipartisan manner at FarmBill mark-up w/ Senator John Hoeven on North Dakota agriculture priorities.
I’m proud to join two measures to combat sexual assault in the military in the wake of continuing reports of increased failures to adequately address unwanted sexual contact within the Armed Forces. We must take immediate action to prevent these horrific crimes, punish offenders and ensure survivors have a secure and reliable system to report any unwanted sexual conduct and access the care and support they may need.
Today I spoke at the Bretton Woods Conference about my priorities as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
 
 Click here to read the full text of my speech: http://1.usa.gov/10PP3DU
Each and every day, we are thankful for the service and sacrifice of all our veterans and their families. Our veterans who fought for our freedom shouldn’t have to fight for the recognition they have earned. I went to work to cut through the red tape and break through the bureaucracy to give WWII Navy Reserve vet Charles Mowbray the long-overdue honor he deserves. Today we’re demonstrating that a grateful nation never forgets.
If you live near Danbury and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff tomorrow during mobile office hours from 10am-12:30pm at the Danbury Library. And if you live near New Milford, my casework staff will be at the New Milford Library tomorrow from 1:30pm-4:30pm. All are welcome to stop by.
Great to Skype with Nonnewaug High School students about their interest in alternative energy today. Thanks for having me!
Outsourcing defense manufacturing hurts Connecticut jobs and national security. Another strong case for tightening Buy American laws:
Be sure to read Claire and Senator Rob Portman's op-ed in today's Politico. They're leading a bipartisan effort to level the playing field for America's manufacturers.
Claire on tonight's new allegations (http://www.defense.gov/releases/release.aspx?releaseid=16005) of sexual violence in the military:  “If these allegations are proven, then now is the time for our military leaders to reevaluate who is being put into these positions. Are folks filling these jobs who aren’t succeeding elsewhere? Or are these jobs being given to our best leaders? These allegations only add to the mounting evidence of the need to change our military justice system to better hold perpetrators accountable and protect survivors of sexual assault.”
It is such an honor to welcome these brave servicemen to Washington today with Representatives Rahall and McKinley. Showing our appreciation to the men and women who have served this nation is something we should do each and every day.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 36 - Gilmer County  Fact: This is where Mrs. Ellen King and H.A. Eagle composed the West Virginia state song, "The West Virginia Hills." Also, in 2012, I was honored to give my first commencement address as U.S. Senator at beautiful Glenville State College.  Recommendation: Don’t miss the 64th Annual West Virginia State Folk Festival in June.
Where was GOP outrage when the IRS targeted NAACP and Greenpeace during the Bush administration? I believed we needed to take action to stop this inappropriate behavior from the IRS then, and I believe we need to stop it now -- whether the targeted groups are on the left or the right. Let's address IRS abuse by passing the DISCLOSE Act.
Senator Shaheen today called for a complete and thorough audit of the IRS by the agency’s inspector general. Shaheen's call comes after IRS employees were caught abusing their power and targeting select tax-exempt organizations for additional scrutiny based on their partisan leanings. Read more below.
It was an honor to join New Hampshire law enforcement officials and the entire Congressional delegation to pay tribute to the heroism of fallen Greenland Police Chief Michael Maloney. (Washington, DC. May 15)
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
MUST WATCH: Senator Schatz called for parity in federal policy for Native Hawaiians at an Indian Affairs Committee Hearing with Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzrJpLcktr0&feature=youtu.be
Montana business leaders told me that protecting our public lands is good for business and will help create jobs in the Big Sky State.  I couldn’t agree more: http://1.usa.gov/14onG1O
LIKE this post to join me in wishing Montana high school students good luck at this week's Society for Science and the Public science fair in Phoenix. Students from across our state are taking on the world's best science minds in the largest international pre-college science competition. I know they'll make us proud.
Americans and New Mexicans treasure a free and open press, so the Department of Justice's collection of AP phone records is very troubling. Congress has a responsibility of oversight in this matter, and we should investigate whether the department's actions were appropriate even in the course of investigating a potential leak of classified national security information.
NA
Congratulations to Virginia's own Marilyn Tavenner on her confirmation to lead CMS. She's a phenomenal choice to lead Medicare/aid during an important time.
“By conveying authority over certain parts of Craney Island to the Virginia Port Authority, our amendment removes some of the red tape that has hindered a project that is vital to Virginia’s economic development. I am pleased we also were successful in updating an outdated regulation that prevented the Four Mile Run project from moving forward into a recreational and ecological resource for Northern Virginia. Our third amendment could provide meaningful opportunities to broaden efforts to replenish oyster stocks.”  -Sen. Warner (staff)
