Diminished snowpack, a persistent drought and a now-perpetual wildfire season are just three of the ways Colorado’s economy and environment are being hurt by a changing climate. In a speech tomorrow, the President will lay out his plan to reduce industrial carbon pollution and lead the world toward a cleaner energy future. What do you think the President should say?
An oped in the Denver Post yesterday articulately made the case for fixing our broken immigration system and for the bill we've written in the Senate:“In the last few decades, America's immigration system has become a broken patchwork of over-regulation and incoherent policies. We all know it needs fixing, and no state can fix it alone…this bill might be that rare spectacle in Washington: a true, centrist comprise.”  http://www.denverpost.com/opinion/ci_23505336/finally-some-common-sense-out-washington-immigration
Marriage equality is a human right, and I am committed to ensuring that it becomes a reality. I am proud to stand with the NOH8 Campaign in their tireless work against prejudice and injustice. Government should never disadvantage people on the basis of whom they love.
Met with the great Anquan Boldin to discuss his work with the good folks at Oxfam America
Pennsylvania has quickly become a leader in alternative energy which has had a substantial impact on jobs and economic growth. My legislation can help Pennsylvania take the next step in the development of alternative fuels. Putting in place more clean energy infrastructure and making it easier for businesses to transport their goods using alternative energy will help these businesses grow and create jobs. - http://1.usa.gov/12leK9X
VIDEO: Yesterday I was on Face The Nation to discuss NSA programs and national security.
I am proud to be the first U.S. Senator to participate in the NO H8 Campaign. Gay and lesbian couples who accept the responsibility of marriage should have all the rights that come with that responsibility. The time for marriage equality is now.
At meeting with top USDA official, I urged the House to try again to pass a #FarmBill, or consider the Senate version.
Congratulations to Safe Kids Grand Forks for being named Outstanding Organization of the Year at the 25th Anniversary Celebration and Safe Kids Worldwide Injury Prevention Conference in Washington, D.C. last week.  Safe Kids Grand Forks is an organization that seeks to prevent accidental injuries and deaths in children. For more information on Safe Kids Grand Forks,
In #Bismarck this morning, will be joined by U.S.D.A. Deputy Secretary Michael Scuse to discuss the 2013 crop year with #NorthDakota producers.
Following the House's failure, will talk #FarmBill on WDAY AM at about 8:13 a.m. CT. Listen live:
This afternoon I held a roundtable with students, administrators & financial aid officers at J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College in Richmond to discuss my efforts to avoid the doubling of interest rates that will impact 179,000 Virginia students on July 1 if Congress doesn’t act.  It’s critical that we stop this rate hike and work to increase access to higher education.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the open house at our Manassas office yesterday! Enjoyed talking with Virginians about their questions & concerns & ways my office can help.
I’ll be participating in a Google+ Hangout with America’s Voice tomorrow, June 25th at 12:30.
 
 Tune in on my website: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/immigration-chat
Our vets who have fought on the front lines shouldn’t have to stand in a long line for the care & benefits they’ve earned. I’m fighting for vets care that’s available, accessible, reliable & undeniable and working to break the claims backlog at the VA.   In Baltimore today, I unveiled my Checklist for Change to end the backlog & announced funds in the federal checkbook to support vets health and care.
Great to have Ct students on Google hangout. Lots of different points of view, great discussion live here now: http://youtu.be/Dtm_nanuqxU #AskMurphy
My Google Hangout starts at 6:30pm tonight. Link to watch live is here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dtm_nanuqxU&feature=youtu.be
Introduced amendment to #CIR that protects immigrant children frm abuse in detention facilities My speech on the amdt http://1.usa.gov/12lxExF
At 12:20 I'll speak on the Senate floor about my amendment to the immigration bill. It will protect immigrant minors from abuse. Tune in here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Hosting Google Hangout tonight at 6:30pm. If youre on Google+ and want to join me live to ask a question email Info_Murphy@murphy.senate.gov
NA
The Senate has passed a Farm Bill that provides certainty for the nation's 16 million farm-industry workers. The House has not. If Speaker Boehner took up the Senate’s bipartisan measure, it would easily pass the House with both Republican and Democratic votes. Rather than trying to force legislation designed to please only the right wing, Speaker Boehner should just take the easy way out.
This week I continue to work with my Senate colleagues on comprehensive immigration reform. Reform will not be perfect and will not satisfy everyone in every case, but I believe people across America and New Mexico are not asking for perfection - they are asking for results. We need an immigration system that makes sense, that secures our borders, that strengthens families and that supports our economy.  America has a rich history of immigrants, and I am proud to come from a state where we celebrate our cultural diversity. We are also a border state, and I will continue encouraging the bill managers to work with me on my amendments to improve this bill and protect New Mexico's interests.   Last week I spoke about these amendments and where are in the debate. This legislation arrived on the Senate floor with support from both sides of the aisle and I hope it will move forward in that same spirit. This a historic moment for our families, our security and our economy, and I believe now is the time to govern and fix an immigration system that has been broken for too long.
As Medal of Honor recipient Sgt. Leroy Petry's statue is unveiled today in Santa Fe today, I am reminded of his humble appreciation as we honored him on Capitol Hill. Click here for a flashback of my interview with Sgt. Petry, and share this post to say thank you to all our veterans for their service to New Mexico and our nation.
INFOGRAPHIC: Here are 6 ways #CIR will help our economy. #timeisnow #immigration
