Over the past decade, 2.4 million jobs were shipped overseas and American taxpayers were asked to foot the bill. Now, 21.5 million jobs across the country are susceptible to outsourcing. Let's give those workers a #fairshot by passing the Bring Jobs Home Act, and end taxpayer write-offs that subsidize moving costs when companies ship jobs abroad.
U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas E. Perez visited the Biotechnical Institute of Maryland (BTI) for a tour and discussion with students and faculty.  BTI provides tuition-free training in basic laboratory skills to unemployed and under-employed residents of Baltimore City in preparation for careers in Maryland’s rapidly expanding biotechnology industry. Our visit came only days after President Obama signed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WOIA) into law. The bipartisan legislation greatly improves and streamlines federal workforce development efforts.   Secretary Perez and I both know that as our economy continues its recovery, workforce training is critically important to help grow our economy. We must continue to do all we can to bridge the widening skills gap that is keeping thousands of unemployed workers from promising 21st Century careers.
There is no moral equivalence between #Israel and #Hamas.  #IsraelSolidarity
Today, Sen. Coons and I welcomed UDairy Director Melinda Litvinas to Washington where she was being honored along with Jacob Hunt as a "Champion of Change” by the White House. And they honored us by bringing some tasty treats!
Antibiotic resistance is a big concern. Read my letter with Senator Warren and Senator Gillibrand to FDA on reducing overuse. 
We can’t accept continued delays on train safety systems. Too many train accidents are preventable.
Read this story in the Grand Forks Herald about how I’m pushing to end delays in agriculture shipments in North Dakota before the coming harvest. According to an NDSU study, our farmers have already lost more than $66 million due to agriculture shipment delays. That just isn’t right, and I’m working to push the railroads to change it. 
The House of Representatives just passed a bill with a misleading name – the “Transparent Airfares Act” – and contrary to the title, it’s a bad deal for consumers.   This bill reverses a federal rule which says airlines have to advertise the full price consumers will pay upfront – including taxes and user fees – and not hide them until we get to the checkout line.  If you disagree with this House move, check out info on my “Real Transparency in Airfares Act” – which would strengthen, rather than weaken, consumer protections – and become a citizen co-sponsor. http://www.menendez.senate.gov/airfares-act
Visited Norris Barbershop yesterday to talk with residents in Hartford's North End about economic development in the neighborhood
Being smarter about how we use energy can help consumers and taxpayers save money, create jobs, and help counter climate change.  Today, I joined the Lyons family in Rumford and National Grid as they conducted a no-cost energy audit to help improve their energy efficiency by identifying simple changes property owners can make to improve efficiency and increase their energy savings.  Working together to improve energy efficiency is a good way to strengthen our economy while preserving our environment too.
Our friends in the state of Israel are under attack. We must pass legislation providing Israel with critical aid, and I am working with my colleagues in the Senate to move swiftly to do just that.
A visit to Nassau BOCES wouldn't be complete without @amyschumer's mom, Sandy Schumer!
A night at Central Park's Delacorte Theater wouldn't be complete without @AmySchumer #shakespeareinthepark
Looks like everyone had a great time at today's Colombian Day Parade. Viva Colombia!
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen met with state and local officials in Pelham and Nashua to discuss the importance of infrastructure investments and the impact these investments will have on New Hampshire’s economy and public safety.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1qHR6Hu
This weekend, seven veterans were laid to rest at Yellowstone National Cemetery in Laurel.  We must never forget the sacrifices that all of our military men and women make on behalf of our country. http://bit.ly/1lNEjvo
I’d like to wish the Commonwealth's Muslim community a blessed and very happy Eid al-Fitr celebration! I urge Virginians of every faith and political tradition to be inspired by this holy time to reach out to others to encourage and cultivate mutual respect.
Yes! Federal appeals court upholds judge's ruling that Virginia gay marriage ban is unconstitutional: http://apne.ws/WK5AJX
Massachusetts continues to lead the way in building a 21st-century innovation economy. Today, the EPA awarded funding to four Mass. small businesses developing new technologies that will help protect our environment, keep our families healthy, and strengthen economic growth: 
