On the 45th anniversary of #Stonewall I am proud of the progress we, as a nation, have made toward greater equality and protection of civil rights for all Americans, but I refuse to be satisfied. I join Allies of the #LGBT community across the country in redoubling our efforts to move towards America in which all Americans are treated with the same dignity no matter who they love or how they identify.   Finally, as communities across the country celebrate #LGBTPride Month, I would like to express a deep sense of solidarity for members of LGBT communities abroad. Far too often in the past year we have seen unabashed ignorance guide foreign governments to pass laws that codifying hate and discrimination. This behavior is unacceptable and I will continue to speak out against such actions wherever they arise.
Today we announced $6.9 million for storm mitigation in Delaware. A great example of federal, state, and non-profits coming together to restore and preserve vital habitats and commercial waterways.
NA
Tonight at the North Dakota American Legion Convention, I thanked our state’s veterans and highlighted the need to support those suffering from post-traumatic stress. Post-traumatic stress is an injury that most people can’t see by looking at our veterans. But it is real, and every day it takes an incredible toll on millions of our veterans. We need to work together to raise awareness about this issue, and help those who are suffering get back on their feet.
NA
Very proud of my aide, Olympic medalist & Oregon native Becca Ward, who just got inducted into the USA Fencing Hall of Fame!
In the 151 years of West Virginia’s history, our state has had no greater, more devoted and more beloved statesman than the legendary Senator Robert. C. Byrd, whose life was lost four years ago. Over the past four years, the people of the Mountain State have felt the loss of this great man, who made monumental contributions to not only to our state, but to the American Congress and to the entire nation by serving for 58 years in Washington. His influence truly improved the lives of so many. From the bottom of my heart, it has been an absolute honor and privilege to carry on his legacy in the United States Senate. Each and every day I am guided by his wisdom, and I strive to follow in his footsteps. In commemoration of the life of Senator Byrd and his 63 years of public service, I encourage all West Virginians to reflect on his legacy – a legacy that inspired us all and that will forever live on in the mountains of West Virginia, in the halls of Congress and far, far beyond. May God bless his memory and his great spirit.
Stopped in for chicken parm at Furci fine Foods in Bayport
Great to be in New Bedford today. It was a beautiful morning for the Charles W. Morgan Homecoming Celebration.
