I was proud to speak on the Senate floor today on the Paycheck Fairness Act. Women deserve equal pay for equal work. http://1.usa.gov/WQvy8e
Just how broken is our immigration system? This broken:
Thanks to Jeremy Hobson for talking with me about the need for bipartisan immigration reform on Marketplace. Listen to the interview and then let me know your thoughts in the comments below.
Wayne Lapierre agreed to make the Sandy Hook Promise, I hope the promise will be fulfilled. Join us in that pledge by making the promise too: http://bit.ly/YiWvCy
Ben- More staff photos from the RAYvens Rally earlier this week. Getting very close to game time, would love to see some Purple Passion pictures.
“I am confident that John’s legacy of fighting for democracy, human rights, and global peace will continue at the Department of State. He played an essential role in bringing our troops home from Iraq and ending the war, and has been an advocate for peace and democratic transition in some of the most challenging conflict zones, from Sudan to Afghanistan."
This is a fascinating piece from The News Journal about Harriet Tubman's unique connections to Delaware. From the story:   "In the spring of 1854, Harriet Tubman led four escaping slaves north toward Wilmington, the last stop on the Underground Railroad before reaching the free state of Pennsylvania. About 30 miles from their destination, a tidal stream blocked their way. Unsure how deep the water might be, the men refused to enter. Tubman, realizing they had to keep moving or face capture, waded right in. The men, shamed by her courage, followed."
I am proud to cast my vote in support of John Kerry’s nomination to serve as Secretary of State.  Senator Kerry has always answered our nation’s call to duty – in the Vietnam war as a young Navy Lieutenant and decorated hero; in Massachusetts as a skilled prosecutor and as Lieutenant Governor; and in the United States Senate as a leader on the Foreign Relations Committee.  In some respects, Senator Kerry has been preparing for this role as a statesman his whole life.  During this critical time in world affairs, we need able diplomats capable of navigating complicated relationships in pursuit of U.S. interests.  Senator Kerry acutely understands these challenges.  He has deep relationships with key leaders all over the world and is well positioned to hit the ground running on day one.  Finally, I am grateful that during his confirmation hearing, Senator Kerry underscored his work on some of the foreign policy priorities that we both share – combatting the proliferation of roadside bombs in Afghanistan, and supporting the plight of women and girls in that country.  I look forward to working with him in his new role on these issues. I appreciate Senator Kerry’s willingness to once again answer his country’s call to duty and look forward to working closely with him on a host of foreign policy challenges facing our country.
During today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence, Senator Coons questioned Captain Mark Kelly, NRA's Wayne LaPierre, and Baltimore County Police Department Chief of Police James Johnson about the impact universal effective background checks would have on preventing guns from getting into the hands of dangerous people.
NA
At today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, I asked National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre if he agreed with the view that citizens need firearms to protect themselves from our government. James Johnson, Chief of Police of the Baltimore County Police Department, also responded.
Chicago honor student Hadiya Pendleton was shot and killed on Tuesday. I told her story at today’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence.
Share this good news with your friends and family. Accelerated Tanks and Trailers plans to open a new 100K square foot plant that will create 300 jobs in Fort Wayne by 2016. These jobs will help hard-working middle class Hoosier families achieve their own version of the American Dream. As your U.S. Senator, Joe will continue to advocate for common sense laws that will bring more jobs to Indiana.
FACT: After the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban expired, 37% of police departments reported an increase in criminal use of assault weapons.
FACT: 69% of Americans support a ban on assault weapons. Now is the time to stand up and get weapons of war off our streets.
Important Judiciary Committee hearing today on preventing gun violence. We must do something.  I agree with Gabrielle Giffords and Captain Mark Kelly: “Too many children are dying. We must do something” about gun violence.
Grand Forks Mayor Brown stopped by today!
Watch excerpts from Senator Leahy's Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence, held on January 30.
We must come together today as Americans seeking common cause.  Let us forego sloganeering, demagoguery and partisan recriminations.  This is too important for all that. Ours is a free society, an open society.  We come together today to consider how to become a safer and more secure society
The very first bill Pres Johnson introduced was to guarantee equal pay for equal work for women. He did that as the first bill because he thought it would be the easiest to pass. Well, 50 years later we are still being redlined, sidelined and pink slipped because we fight for equal pay for equal work.   The Paycheck Fairness Act is about our families and our economy. It is about bread-and-butter decisions. We want to change the law books so we can put more money in the family checkbook and more money into our economy. I want to make sure that the dream of 50 years ago that was started by Pres Johnson is rectified in the passage of this legislation.
Congrats to UConn for being named #1 most sustainable campus in the world http://www.universitybusiness.com/article/rankings-reveal-most-sustainable-campuses-world
I wrote an op-ed for Politico on the NRA's over-hyped political power -- take a look. http://www.politico.com/story/2013/01/this-is-not-your-fathers-nra-86885.html
I was proud to cast a vote today to confirm Senator John Kerry to be our next Secretary of State. Senator Kerry has been a true bipartisan leader in the Senate for nearly 30 years, and has worked diligently to advance America’s interests abroad. As a new member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I admire his lifelong dedication to public service, and especially his support for our troops around the globe.  I’m also deeply grateful to another tireless public servant, Secretary Clinton, for her incredible service to our country as Secretary of State. She has set a high bar for the future of the State Department and her leadership will be missed. I’m sorry that I only had the privilege to speak with her in one committee hearing, but I hope she’ll come back to provide wisdom and counsel to the committee in the future.  It’s been an exciting first two weeks on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and I’ve learned a lot from two great American leaders. I thank both Senator Kerry and Secretary Clinton for their service to our country.
“Now is the time, while we’re focused on cutting wasteful spending, to make our temporary ban on earmarks a permanent one.” – Claire in today’s Springfield News-Leader. Read her full op-ed on ending earmarks for good, here: http://sgfnow.co/XiSYDk
Today's GDP report is a wake-up call for Washington. While DC has been manufacturing political crises, real people and businesses are suffering. Our priority should be making the economy stronger to create good jobs now. The last thing we need is a politician-induced recession.
Senator Shaheen and Senator Bill Nelson appeared on msnbc to discuss the nomination of Senator Chuck Hagel to Secretary of Defense and the need for a comprehensive approach to address gun violence in the United States.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today in response to news that the U.S. economy contracted a 0.1 percent rate in the final quarter of 2012:   “Today’s disappointing growth report underscores the need for our primary focus to remain on fostering economic growth and job creation. It also highlights the importance of avoiding the automatic cuts in the sequester, which will recklessly slash investments in education, research, and other critical areas of job growth, and to instead come to a long-term, comprehensive agreement to address our debt and deficits in a fair and responsible manner.”
NA
Montana parents and teachers know what's best for our students.  That's why I met with the Montana School Boards Association this week to discuss the need for greater local control in our public schools.
Today is the four-year anniversary of the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. It was a great step, but it's time to do more. Women still make 77 cents for every dollar their male colleagues make. And that's a difference that hurts too many hardworking Rhode Island families.   I believe every person should be paid based on their work, not their gender. That's why I'm proud to support U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski's Paycheck Fairness Act.
I'm very pleased to welcome Mo Cowan to the Senate. As former chief of staff to Governor Patrick, Mo brings a deep knowledge of the issues facing the people of our Commonwealth to the Senate. He will be a committed, hardworking interim Senator, and I look forward to working closely with him to protect the interests of Massachusetts families.
