From Milford, to Southport, to the Branford Road Race—it was a beautiful Father’s Day weekend! Great to see so many of you throughout Connecticut this weekend.
Best of luck to the U.S. Soccer team as they get ready to play their first game of the #WorldCup. Especially excited to see Kyle Beckerman of #Arundel High getting the start. #OneNationOneTeam
Had the pleasure of visiting my old school, #Liberty Elementary last Friday. Out of 158 schools in Baltimore, Liberty is the 10th highest performing on state exams--one of only three high-poverty schools that achieved similar results. The folks at Liberty are going above and beyond to break the link between poverty and low achievement.
In March, I joined more than 175 lawmakers in asking President Obama to issue an executive order banning contractors from receiving federal government contracts unless they have a policy in place that prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.  I'm happy to hear today that he will do that. Please share if you're happy to hear this news too!
Good luck to U.S. Soccer as their #WorldCup campaign gets underway today against Ghana! #USMNT #IBelieveThatWeWillWin
NA
Congratulations to the US Men’s National Soccer Team for their win over Ghana in the #WorldCup. #GoUSA #OneNationOneTeam #1N1T
Notre Dame alum Matt Besler is starting alongside Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley for the United States Men’s National Soccer Team in the #WorldCup tonight. Congrats to Beasley who is set to make history as the first American to play in four World Cups. #OneNationOneTeam  #1N1T #USAvGHA
Good luck tonight to Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley as he joins the rest of the United States Men’s National Soccer Team in representing the US in the #WorldCup. He is on the verge of becoming the first American to play in four World Cups.
Best of luck to the men’s U.S. Soccer team in today's match. You've already made us proud. #TeamUSA #WorldCup2014
Good luck to New Mexico’s senior division finalists competing in the 2014 National History Day Contest.
A college education opens the doors of opportunity and provides an avenue into the middle class. Please take a moment to read my op-ed on reducing the burden of student loan debt for New Mexico families. 
Today the Bismarck Airport received a nearly $1.5 million federal grant, in addition to the nearly $500,000 federal grant last week, to rehabilitate the runway. In May, there were more than 100,000 boardings in North Dakota’s eight large airports – an 8 percent increase over this year and the highest ever in a single month. Bismarck is certainly feeling that increase, and we need to continue to make improvements and upgrades to our airports to support the growing demand for air travel across the state.
The President today signed an executive order stating that federal contractors cannot discriminate based on sexual orientation – a strong action I called for. This is an important step, but it’s also past time that Congress pass legislation to prevent discrimination in the workplace against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals. It’s upsetting that such protections aren’t already law and it’s our responsibility to put an end to any form of discrimination or harassment.
As a US senator who understands the value of a strong US-Egypt partnership, I view the current chapter in Egypt’s history as an opportunity to put the country on a positive trajectory, and a chance to mend the relationship with the United States. My Al-Monitor op-ed outlines a 3 part plan for a US-Egypt relationship that protects our interests and is consistent with our values.
We're watching tonight's match against Ghana and cheering on Saint Charles native Brad Davis (midfielder), and Sporting KC players Matt Besler (defender) & Graham Zusi (midfielder)! Best of luck to the entire #USMNT. #WorldCup #OneNationOneTeam #USAUSA
In an effort to better protect and educate consumers, I joined Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) Director Richard Cordray and local librarians today at Johnston’s Marian J. Mohr Memorial Library to announce a new partnership to improve financial literacy in Rhode Island.  The partnership, to be run through public libraries across the state, seeks to broaden access to financial education tools and assistance to consumers on topics ranging from managing credit card debt to student loans.  Financial literacy is a lifelong endeavor, and that is why libraries are the perfect partners for expanding access to financial literacy resources in our communities.  The CFPB is the nation’s first federal agency with the sole focus of protecting consumers in the financial marketplace.  If you have a complaint or problem with a financial product or service, learn how CFPB can help: http://www.consumerfinance.gov/complaint/
Called on Feds to accelerate action on black boxes that track hours driven by overworked & fatigued truck drivers.  
Dad turned 91 yesterday & spent #FathersDay with all three of his children at his favorite restaurant, The Jolly Fisherman
Good luck tonight to U.S. Soccer Men's National Team! #WorldCup
Experience New Hampshire
Thank you to all the men and women who joined me in Anaconda to share their concerns about VA healthcare. Our nation’s veterans deserve the very best, and I will use your ideas as we keep working to make the VA all that it should be.
This morning I spoke to the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network - ACS CAN in Boston about the importance of increasing funding for the National Institutes of Health, and renewing our nation's commitment to research
