We look forward to seeing everyone at the state convention tomorrow! Be sure to stop by and say hello. - TB
On this the 69th anniversary of the Invasion of Normandy, we pause to honor the D-Day veterans in Maryland --and the millions of veterans across the country. Our thoughts and prayers are with those who are currently deployed all over the world.  We pray for their safe return home, and we are committed to providing them with the resources and benefits that they have earned and deserve.
Stay up to date on current events, know where Ben stands on the issues and gain access to constituent services. Our website is a helpful tool for Marylanders looking to stay connected to their representation in Congress.  Check in daily for press releases, statements, photos and much more . 
 
 
 http://www.cardin.senate.gov/
U.S. Senator Chris Coons and I agree: not only are Delaware beaches picturesque but local businesses and real estate growth on the coast continue to bolster our economy. Read more about the contributions of our beaches to local economic growth here, via Delawareonline: http://delonline.us/1914rAP.
Today we commemorate the 69th Anniversary of the D-Day landing in France and the sacrifice of over 9,000 Allied men who were killed or wounded in the pursuit of freeing occupied Europe from Nazi Germany.  We must never forget those Americans who would never return to our nation and remain interred on the shores of Normandy to this day.  Sixty-nine years later, we continue to lose World War II veterans at a current rate of over 650 a day.  Many of these brave service members may be gone, but we must ensure that they are never forgotten.
One way to help #SaveSarah and others in her position is to raise awareness about organ donation.
NA
NA
Today, we remember our World War II heroes, including many Hoosiers, who landed on the French shores to fight on the beaches of Normandy. We will forever be indebted to them for the bravery they showed that day, 69 years ago. Please share the stories you have of family members or friends who were WWII vets and fought for the freedoms we have today. –Joe
I know firsthand the importance of investing in our young people — I attended college with the help of federal Pell grants and student loans. This is an issue of fairness; we need to get our fiscal house in order, but it not should not be done on the backs of students paying for their education.
Had a great chat about energy in Norway and North Dakota this morning with Ambassador Wegger Strommen!
I’m proud to co-sponsor the Student Loan Affordability Act of 2013 to keep student loan interest rates low. If Congress doesn’t act, 7+ million students will be hit by a rate hike on July 1st. In Virginia alone, more than 179,000 students have student loans. Passing this legislation will save them an average of nearly $1000 annually. We can’t allow their debt to rise even higher.
Check out my Reuters op-ed about worker rights and protections: http://reut.rs/19LkO2Z 
 
 After the recent Rana Plaza building collapse, it is clear to me that if we don’t take collective action today, there will likely be another tragedy tomorrow.
Today as a cosponsor of the Student Loan Affordability Act, I'll vote to take action to stop student loans from doubling on July 1 for 105,000 Maryland students, squeezing middle class families. This fully paid-for bill will stop a federal loan rate hike so students can continue to achieve the American dream.
I think more cars in Connecticut should sport the new Red Sox plates anyway, but don't forget they help a great cause too:
If you live near Oakdale and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff today for office hours until 12:30pm at Raymond Library. And if you live near Groton, my casework staff will be at the Groton Public Library from 1:30pm-4pm. All are welcome to stop by
The General Services Administration Inspector General released a new report, which found a division director of the agency’s Information Technology contracts improperly interfered with the contracting officer’s decisions and extended contracts that totaled nearly $1 billion at poor prices, leading Claire to call it “a shocking abuse of authority by a senior government official." Read more from KTTS News.
Hearing starting right now on the state of the American Dream. Watch!
NA
Congratulations to the Tweel family on 75 years of delicious food and business success at Jim’s Steak and Spaghetti House in Huntington.
 
 Their strong work ethic, their passion for business, and their love of their community – all of which have been passed down generation to generation – represent the very best of West Virginia.
Today, on the 69th anniversary, we remember and honor the soldiers who courageously stormed the beaches of Normandy on June 6, 1944. To those who made the ultimate sacrifice on that day, including 38 West Virginians, we are forever indebted. Their boundless bravery as they fought for our freedom will never be forgotten.   http://bit.ly/ZRQXEi
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 14 - Roane  Fact: Birthplace of Col. Ruby Bradley, one of the most decorated women in U.S. military history and the nation’s most decorated female veteran  Tourism: Home to the West Virginia Black Walnut Festival since 1956 http://www.wvblackwalnutfestival.org/
Today, a majority of Senators voted in favor of the Reed-Harkin Student Loan Affordability Act to ensure student loan interest rates do not dramatically increase this year.  But without any Republican support, the bill fell short of the 60 votes needed to advance.  If Congress works together, it can make our financial aid system more effective, affordable, and sustainable.  Instead of raising interest rates on families struggling to pay for college, Congress should close costly, special interest tax loopholes.  I will continue working hard to protect taxpayers and keep student loan interest rates affordable.
The immigration debate on the Senate floor starts tomorrow. My goal is finish the process by July 4. This bill has been thoroughly debated and discussed, and we should be able to complete the process quickly.
"The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty loving people everywhere march with you." - Dwight D. Eisenhower. June 6, 1944.  On the anniversary of D-Day today, we honor the courageous troops who gave so much to our country and we salute those who did not make it home. Our gratitude is eternal.
My first vote as United States Senator was against the FISA Amendments Act because it failed to provide transparency, accountability and reasonable limits when the federal government conducts surveillance for intelligence purposes.  While I recognize that the FISA Amendments Act has helped to produce useful intelligence, I fear that we do not have a full understanding of the impact that this law has on the privacy of Americans. We need a comprehensive review of the FISA Amendments Act to ensure that Americans’ privacy and civil liberties are protected.
Over 2,700 constituents joined yesterday's tele-town hall with Senator Brian Schatz to discuss his commitment to Social Security and his opposition to chained CPI. 
Today's news that the NSA is collecting Americans' phone records is ‘Example A’ of what happens when government ignores our Constitutional rights.  Click LIKE and SHARE if you agree and watch me explain why I voted against giving the government this kind of power to spy on Americans: http://nbcnews.to/16NvQpP
The news that the government issued a blanket order for Americans' phone records is deeply disturbing and exactly why I voted against the Patriot Act in 2001. It's also why I have opposed reauthorization of similar provisions without adding civil liberties protections - protections that require agencies to explain specifically what information it thinks it needs to see and why.   Left untouched, these provisions violate the privacy rights of Americans and give the government too much leeway for abuse. Last year I sent letters to the Director of National Intelligence requesting more details about how many domestic communications have been collected under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. I found their responses insufficient, and this recent news demonstrates there was reason for my concern.    As we gather the facts, I will again have questions for the Administration on this serious issue. The American people have a constitutional right to privacy and deserve more transparency from their government.
"Men and women who join the military do so out of a profound sense of service to the country. We owe them a debt of gratitude, not a blind eye."
