Taking a moment to remember those we lost in the September 11th attacks. This anniversary is a reminder of our nation’s resilience and how the bonds that unite us are much stronger than the issues that divide us.
“Twelve years ago, America was dealt an unspeakable blow, but in the years since, we have continued to rebuke the message of hate that was brought to our door step. What’s more is that we affirm our core American values that were magnified in the days following those attacks. We are still a diverse nation of many races, religions, and ideas united under the same flag. Maybe most importantly, we are still at our best when we come together.     “Every year and every day since 9/11, we are reminded that though we are a strong and determined nation, the wounds we suffered that day 12 years ago will never be fully healed. No amount of time can rationalize the senseless violence, or bring back those lost. We take time to remember those Americans who perished on that day and to remember them and their families with a special prayer. We reflect on the heroism of the firefighters, police officers, medical workers, city officials, and ordinary citizens who gave their own lives trying to save others.      “I also salute the brave members of our military, the intelligence community, Foreign Service officers, and the people entrusted with safe guarding our borders, bridges, air and sea ports, and key infrastructure, who have all made great sacrifices to ensure our continued safety in a post- 9/11 world. Through their efforts, we have brought many of the responsible terrorists, including Osama Bin Laden, to justice and we have made great strides in reducing the capacity for others who wish to do similar harm like was done on 9/11. We have come a long way since that day and we owe so much to these men and women, and especially the families who support them.     “On this solemn day, we join together to show the world that our nation is united, and firmly resolved to defend our freedom and safeguard our liberty against any enemy. On September 11, 2001, we showed the world a brand of resilience, compassion, and strength that could only be made in America. Twelve years after the most heinous attacks in our Nation’s history, we stand tall. We stand tall, not weighed down the gravity of 9-11- but made stronger by it. We remain united in our diversity like no other nation on earth, “…One Nation under G-d, indivisible with liberty and justice for all.”
Ben- What did you think of The Presidents speech on #Syria tonight? Certainly welcome constructive opinions.
Twelve years ago today, our nation watched in horror as those tragic events unfolded, and we mourned together as friends and loved ones were lost. That day, we saw the best and worst of humanity. Since then, together with the friends and families of 9/11 victims, we have channeled our grief and used it as a force for good, inspiring us all to keep the memory of the victims alive. We pulled together, united as a nation, and found the resolve to rebuild and move forward. I urge Delawareans and all Americans to renew their commitment to the spirit of unity that was forged that day.
We’ve made progress on airline safety in the years since September 11th 2001 but there are still additional commonsense steps we can take better protect passengers and flight crew. There’s no way to fully and completely honor the extraordinary courage of Captain Saracini. He gave the full measure of his life for our nation, and his wife, Ellen, and his family have worked tirelessly in the years since to increase airline safety. I’m urging Congress to pass this legislation to make further improvements to airline safety.
Today, we remember those we lost on September 11th and the uncommon courage Americans showed during one of our Nation’s most difficult times. In Shanksville, at the Pentagon and in the streets of Manhattan, Americans came together and in some cases made the ultimate sacrifice to protect others. This 12th anniversary of 9/11 is a day to renew our commitment to confront our security and economic challenges in a spirit of unity and cooperation. While the Senate was in session this week, my wife Terese was able to attend remembrance events in Shanksville on my behalf. We pray today for those who died on 9/11, for their families and for our troops serving around the globe; we also pray for ourselves, that we may be worthy of their valor.
NA
#GoodNews: SkyWest Airlines plans to add a new maintenance facility in South Bend, creating up to 40 new jobs in the community.
Share this good news with your friends. This week, U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded a grant to Conservation Technology Information Center (CTIC), a nonprofit organization in West Lafayette, to work with farmers in the Midwest to examine and share the economic, agronomic and environmental benefits of cover crops.
“Today, the 12th anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks on our nation, we continue to mourn the innocent lives lost and pray for the loved ones left behind.    We also pay tribute to the character and resilience of our fellow citizens; in the aftermath of the attacks, thousands of volunteers and emergency personnel risked their lives to rescue victims from the debris of the World Trade Center and Pentagon, and to restore peace and order to a shocked nation.  Their selfless courage inspired us and reminded us of the true American way.  And we honor the members of our military who rose up in service against this terrorist threat and continue to serve and protect the freedoms that make America the greatest country in the world.  Too many have made the ultimate sacrifice.  The United States of America is strong and free because of their efforts to protect us, and we must continue to honor their service by fulfilling a responsible drawdown from Afghanistan that brings our troops safely home.   Today, we reflect on and honor the lives lost, the families left behind, and the troops, veterans, and first-responders impacted by the events of September 11, 2001.  In this tragedy, we came together as Americans, and we stand united today.” - Joe
We remember—and will never forget—the victims of 9/11. God bless America.
Today, we pause to remember those who lost their lives during the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. We also pay tribute to the heroic first responders and emergency workers who despite grave danger, put their lives on the line to help their fellow Americans.  I join New Mexicans in keeping all the victims we lost 12 years ago and their families in our thoughts and prayers, and give thanks to our troops and veterans who have sacrificed selflessly to defend our freedoms at home and abroad.
When any country chooses to ignore the international norms against chemical weapons, they make a deeply immoral decision with worldwide implications and put American security at risk. There is no doubt that our nation is incredibly, and justifiably, weary of war after the last 10 years. But we must realize that we wouldn’t be seeing the latest diplomatic progress were it not for the credible threat of military force. So while I remain hopeful for a diplomatic solution, I agree with the president that the end goal of our efforts should be that chemical weapons are never used again. Not by Syria, not by anyone.
Today we remember the nearly 3,000 people who lost their lives 12 years ago.  We still ache with sadness at the terrible losses from 9/11 and yearn for those who never came home.  The memory of that day reminds us to continue to honor those who we lost, comfort those who lost loved ones, and recommit ourselves to finding the spirit of togetherness that engulfed our country in the wake of that horrific day.  And we pay tribute to our brave servicemembers and veterans who have sacrificed so much to defend our nation.
Tonight, the President spoke to the American people about the terrible atrocities recently committed by the Syrian government, and how the Assad regime’s crimes against humanity cannot be ignored.   I’m glad the President now agrees that we should seek a diplomatic solution first, and will engage in a renewed effort with the United Nations.  We need to act in our country’s strategic interest, and that means exhausting any diplomatic options before considering the use of force.   The recent news about Assad accepting a Russian proposal to turn over its chemical weapons to international control is promising.  It demonstrates there is a stronger appetite for a diplomatic solution that builds robust international support – just like my legislation aims to do.  But actions speak louder than words, and we haven’t seen any action yet.   As the diplomatic process the President discussed continues, our nation should keep building international support and putting pressure on the Assad regime to turn over its chemical weapons.  And the Senate should continue to consider alternate plans that focus on diplomatic efforts, such as the plan I have put forth.
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, September 10, 2013) --The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing titled "Conflicts Between State and Federal Marijuana Laws."  Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), who has pressed the administration on the issue since last year, recently welcomed the Justice Department's release of guidelines for enforcement of federal marijuana laws in light of action at the state level. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Edu3kfsR4LM
We still struggle to fully understand how the events of 9/11 changed the way we live, the way we view the world, and the new threats we continue face, but most of all we remember the 3,000 people who died that day, including 700 New Jerseyans who lost their lives.
 
 Let us resolve never to forget them, and let us come together again as we did that day, one nation indivisible, each of us working for the betterment of all of us.
Today I gathered with bipartisan members of the US Senate & House to commemorate those tragically lost on 9/11/2001. My heart goes out to the 68 Maryland families and all who lost loved ones that day. They’re not alone in their grief. We’ll never forget those suddenly & sadly taken from us, and the heroic 1st responders who rushed to service that day. Today we honor their courage & sacrifice.
My thoughts are with those who lost loved ones 12 years ago and the heroes who risked their lives that day and after to protect our country. #neverforget
As the nation remembers 9/11, Claire was honored to spend the day visiting with Missouri heroes who helped defend our freedoms in World War II. More than sixty years after they helped achieve victory, veterans from Kansas City today visited the National World War II Memorial for the first time.
“My thoughts and prayers remain foremost with those who lost loved ones on that day—many of them first responders who rushed toward danger, displaying a spirit and sacrifice that makes all #Americans proud. I also pay tribute to the all those whose lives changed since, including the thousands of men and women who gave their lives fighting the wars that followed. While twelve years have passed since that horrific attack, our country continues to confront a complex landscape in which the core question of how to keep Americans safe engenders heated debate. I plan to honor the memory of that day by continuing to take a thoughtful and measured approach to our nation’s national security, and by putting the safety of the American people above all else.” -Claire
Today, I’m thinking of the friends and families of those we lost twelve years ago on 9-11, and the first responders who risked their lives saving people from the rubble.
I share the President’s deep passion that the use of chemical weapons is unacceptable.  The United States must not ignore Syria’s egregious crime against its citizens.   Indeed, America should bring the world together to condemn and penalize Syria for this action.  Such an effort, however, is best pursued through international negotiation and diplomacy.  I’m encouraged that the U.S. and other nations are now pursuing just such an international diplomatic strategy for ending Syrian access to chemical weapons. Over the coming days we will see if the Syrians and Russians can be full participants in a timely and verifiable intervention to accomplish this important and significant goal.
A dozen years later, the memories of 9/11 are still very real for Americans – the terrible images of the Towers falling, the Pentagon in flames and the smoldering field in rural Pennsylvania. It was a day when all Americans shared a terrible tragedy. But it was also a day that united us as never before. And as much as it changed our country, it also showed how much in America never changes – our desire to keep our families safe and our country strong. These are the ideals that truly bind us together as a nation. And with God’s blessings, it will always be so.  http://1.usa.gov/19HikBE
Today we solemnly remember the innocent victims, heroic first responders, and many others whose lives were forever changed on 9/11.
On 9/11, we remember the fallen, but we also celebrate America's perseverance.
Watch Senator Shaheen deliver remarks as the Senate begins debate on her bipartisan, job-creating energy efficiency bill!  http://bit.ly/1g1mA0d
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
"Twelve years ago, horrifying terrorist attacks changed our country and our world forever. Today is not only a day to remember those we lost but to also honor the courage, resolve and unity the American people have shown ever since.  The brave first responders who rushed into the burning towers, the courageous passengers on United Airlines Flight 93, and the countless number of Americans who offered their assistance to victims of the attacks epitomize our country’s best qualities. Across New Hampshire, more than 100 fire departments offered their services to assist New York, further demonstrating the strength of our country’s spirit and resolve.  On this solemn day, I’d like to express my deepest gratitude for both those who answered the call to service on that day as well as our men and women in uniform who have made great sacrifices to safeguard our country ever since." -- Senator Shaheen
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after President Obama’s speech addressing the crisis in Syria:  "Syria’s use of chemical weapons is a serious threat to our national security and I am hopeful that a diplomatic solution can be reached to secure and destroy their chemical weapons stockpile. I'm working with my colleagues in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on an amendment to give diplomacy a chance to work, but to also pressure the Syrians to take concrete steps towards the transfer of their chemical weapons to international control.   "I continue to believe that the eventual elimination of Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles is in our best interest but also understand that it was the threat of force that ultimately pushed Syria and Russia to the negotiating table.  Now, we need immediate, serious and credible action from Russia and Syria. They must begin to secure and eventually destroy Syria’s weapons of mass destruction as soon as possible."
“On this day, twelve years ago, our world fundamentally changed forever. Today and every September 11th, we remember the horror of that day, the fear and confusion that rippled across our nation, the heroism of our first responders, the beauty and love shared between friends, neighbors, and perfect strangers, and the unbreakability of the American spirit.”
Twelve years later, September 11th remains a day never to forget.
 
 Today is also a day to thank and remember our service members, veterans, firefighters, police officers and emergency responders.  Their heroism on September 11th and in the days and years after remain an inspiration to us all.
 
 I encourage all Montanans today to take a moment to reflect on where we have come as a nation and where we must go.  And let us always cherish our freedoms and values that make the United States the greatest nation on Earth.
Have you ever had a cell phone call dropped in rural New Mexico? Soon your calls may become clearer, thanks to our work pushing the FCC to ensure big companies no longer discriminate against calls in rural areas. Today I chaired a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on this issue and received word the FCC is taking action to ensure all rural Americans will get better services. Also, too many New Mexicans lack quality cell phone and Internet services, and I am committed to closing that digital divide. Here's more from our hearing, and the work I've been doing on this issue:
Today we pause to remember those who lost their lives and honor the brave men and women who were called to duty that fateful day. We commemorate those who sacrificed all to make our country safer, and recognize those who continue to serve in New Mexico and around the world.   As we look back on the last 12 years, we can be thankful that we are now winding down the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, but we must remember that much work remains to support our armed forces, military families and our veterans.   Today we also pay special tribute to our emergency personnel and first responders who keep us safe in our own communities. After the recent deaths of firefighter Token Adams and the 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots, New Mexicans are especially mindful of — and thankful for — those who risk their lives to protect us every day. We will never forget them.
The single greatest reason Bashar al-Assad has been able to remain in power is that he is receiving support from outside governments, including Russia. I have consistently said that the only viable solution is to bring international pressure on Russia and other governments aiding Assad to force them to do the right thing. While we must take a ‘trust-but-verify’ approach, the developments of the last two days are evidence that an international diplomatic solution is still possible – and military strikes are not the only option. I am pleased to see that the president and some of my colleagues who have argued for imminent military strikes are now calling for time to pursue diplomatic options.  I hope the Russians are serious in their proposal – we have good reason for skepticism. As the Senate considers resolutions to resolve the crisis in Syria, we must keep up the diplomatic pressure to ensure Russia follows through on its commitment. Resolutions that would escalate the situation toward military action are reckless and risk dismantling the delicate international agreement. The American people have spoken clearly that they want this problem to be solved without the United States involving itself further in another Middle Eastern civil war. We should listen.
On the twelfth anniversary of the tragic events of September 11, 2001, my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of that day’s attacks and their families.  We will never forget those lost.  Nor will we forget the selfless first responders who heeded the call to action, or our servicemembers who continue to protect Americans at home and abroad.
The anniversary of September 11th provides each American with an opportunity to pause and reflect upon the lives of those who were taken from us 12 years ago. Our thoughts are with the families, friends and coworkers who still grieve, and those who continue to support the individuals who were injured at the Pentagon in Northern Virginia, in a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and in New York City. 
  
 Today's twelfth anniversary also should remind each of us to salute the remarkable  courage, commitment, service and sacrifice willingly provided by our dedicated first responders, military families, and intelligence professionals, who work every day to keep Americans safe. 
  
 May God bless, and continue to protect, the United States of America.
Tonight, I believe the President outlined a responsible path to a credible diplomatic solution. I will work with my Senate colleagues to craft a bipartisan resolution that includes tight deadlines and which allows unannounced, even intrusive, inspections by international observers.   Let’s not forget what brought us to this point: the Syrian regime used chemical weapons against their own people. This was an atrocity that has been banned by international agreement for almost a century, and this conduct deserves strong  international condemnation.
As we mark the 12th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, we come together as a nation to remember those who lost their lives in this unspeakable tragedy, and we offer our prayers and continued support for the families of the victims.  Today at local observances in Massachusetts, survivors of the Boston Marathon attacks joined together with families who lost loved ones on 9/11. As we remember the victims of these attacks, we are also reminded of the incredible resolve, strength and spirit of community we saw across our Commonwealth and our country in the face of terrorism.  On this day we also honor the first responders and armed servicemen and women who selflessly risk their lives each day to protect our country and keep our families safe. Our nation owes them a true debt of gratitude.
