The President announced plans to protect voting rights by tackling problems at the polls like long lines, registration issues and access. Like this post and share to we're standing with him.
5280 Magazine has an excellent, in-depth look at immigration in Colorado and our efforts to fix our broken system.
Last year, Elkhart County led the nation in job growth, increasing employment by 6.9 percent. Share this with your friends if you like good economic news.
It is an honor to pay tribute to César Chávez, a true American hero and a remarkable public servant. César Chávez is revered by people throughout the world as a humble activist who led a monumental fight to achieve fair wages, worker protections, human rights, and human dignity for the most underrepresented in our society. Let us continue to meet each challenge the way César Chávez did, with hope, determination, and service to others. And to always remember his great rallying cry, ¡Sí, se puede!  Es un honor rendir homenaje a un verdadero héroe Americano y un servidor público destacado como lo fue César Chávez. César Chávez es admirado a través del mundo, ya que como activista él encabezó una inspiradora lucha para lograr salarios justos, mejores condiciones laborales, derechos humanos y dignidad humana para los más vulnerables en nuestra sociedad. Debemos seguir enfrentando cada desafío como hizo César Chávez, con esperanza, determinación, y el compromiso de servir a los demás. Y debemos recordar lo él siempre decía: ¡Sí, se puede!
During the week of March 25, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski visited Hagerstown and Cumberland, Maryland and met with local business owners and elected officials to discuss her efforts to cancel sequester and support jobs.
NA
Wishing the best of luck to the UNH Wildcats Men's Ice Hockey team as they take on Denver tonight in Manchester. The road to the frozen four begins tonight - go Wildcats!
NA
Congratulations to Colstrip's Bjorn Briggs on being accepted to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.  I was proud to nominate him and thank him for his courage and commitment to his country and to Montana.
Lots of new friends made during a great 3 day Valley trip from Winchester to Wytheville
