Tammy was excited to see growth in advance manufacturing opportunities on her tour through #WI.
It’s time to make your voice heard! Like this post and share your plans for #ActionAugust:
“The future of our #environment and our #economy require that we respond to the climate threat with seriousness and urgency.  Supporting the scientific research that results in new, efficient technologies to move us away from fossil fuels is a crucial step in the battle against #climate change that will also boost our economy by creating a new sector of inherently domestic #jobs,” - Senator Ben Cardin  Read more from the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change Releases Recommendations for the U.S. Department of Energy  Henry Waxman Senator Sheldon Whitehouse Congressman Bobby L. Rush Earl Blumenauer Edward J. Markey
NA
I can think of more than 16 reasons, but I agree Pittsburgh is great BuzzFeed!
There's no place I'd rather be in the summer than Theodore Roosevelt National Park. It was great meeting park staff yesterday with Senator Hoeven and U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.
Check out the amazing New Jersey photos in this post: http://bit.ly/1ceSN6I
 
 I think my two favorites are #30 of the Statue of Liberty and #19 of the boardwalk (below). 
 
 What’s your pick?
NOAA's annual report on the "pulse of the planet": sea levels are rising, ice sheets are melting, and temperatures are soaring. Why? Report editor Deke Arndt says the burning of fossil fuels.   We must act.
The Three Square Food Bank is a non-profit that provides 19 million meals a year for Nevadans. They have now opened a new center that will help southern Nevadans apply for SNAP assistance. Yesterday at the opening of the new center, I met with families who rely on SNAP and was reminded of the need to fight against House Republican attempts to cut funding for this vital program. Thank you Three Square for all the work that you do!
Great to travel the state and catch up with so many NYers. Please tag yourselves and check back as new photos are posted.
Enjoyed my first time on #CNN's #NewDay, talking #immigration and Russian relations. Watch here:
Senator Shaheen headed to Lebanon today to survey the damage of recent heavy rains and make sure the community and surrounding areas get all the necessary resources to continue to rebuild.
Senator Shaheen met with local officials and residents in Lebanon where federal disaster relief is helping the Cheshire, Grafton and Sullivan county communities rebuild.
Please like and share if you think Congress should pass the Shaheen-Portman energy efficiency bill so more people can follow in the footsteps of the Woodstock Inn Station & Brewery and the White Mountain National Forest headquarters and invest in energy efficiency!
Touring storm damage today in the Gallatin Valley with Governor Bullock and local officials.
Talking Farm Bill and housing reform this morning with KTVQ host Lisa Hart.
20 concrete steps. That's the number of actions the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change is calling on the Department of Energy to take on climate change.  The President made it clear that he's ready to act on climate, our new white paper provides a roadmap for DOE as it implements the President's Climate Action Plan. Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree that it's time for concrete action on climate change.
Join me for dinner! This Thursday, I'll be hosting a free community dinner in Pawtucket - for the opportunity to listen to you. Please click the link below to RSVP and use the SHARE button to invite your friends and neighbors.
Sign up now for the Virginia Young Professionals Summit, September 6-7 in Norfolk: http://warner.senate.gov
It’s good to see additional momentum to strengthen the economic recovery by addressing mortgage finance reform. Our bipartisan Senate approach protects taxpayers while maintaining access to affordable mortgage credit. Our proposal also will end the current Fannie and Freddie model of private gains and public losses.  To date, nearly half of the members of the Senate Banking Committee – five Democrats and five Republicans – have signed-on as cosponsors of our reform legislation, and the chairman and ranking member have made housing finance reform a priority. I look forward to getting to work on this issue with my colleagues in September.   #GSEReform
