Today I visited UCSF Medical Center to see firsthand how they are preventing common medical errors to protect patients.
I’m shopping at Target today because they’re doing the right thing on guns. http://j.mp/1xgtFEH -RB
Great news from Target: “Starting today we will…respectfully request that guests not bring firearms to Target – even in communities where it is permitted by law.”  This is a significant change made by one of our country’s largest  retailers and will hopefully serve as an example for others. These images are some we don’t ever want to see again—and this action taken by Target shows progress: http://j.mp/1xgtFEH
The 1964 Civil Rights Act is as important now as it was when it was signed 50 years ago today. LBJ's remarks are masterful.  "Its purpose is to promote a more abiding commitment to freedom, a more constant pursuit of justice, and a deeper respect for human dignity.  We will achieve these goals because most Americans are law-abiding citizens who want to do what is right."   
Ted Kennedy often referred to #CivilRights as "America's great unfinished business". I am proud of the progress we have made since #CivilRightsAct1964. Though I am proud, I am not satisfied. There is a great deal of unfinished business to attend to so that "we may promote a more abiding commitment to freedom  a more constant pursuit of justice, and a deeper respect for human dignity."
Recently I joined Jill Horner of “Comcast Newsmakers” to discuss the need to pass legislation to keep the Highway Trust Fund solvent, before it runs out of money at the end of summer. Watch it here: http://bit.ly/1mL5wOC
The summer is a time when the Blood Bank of Delmarva needs more donors than ever, so today I stopped by to donate.
ISIL is a vicious and savage group that aspires to attack U.S. interests. We cannot allow this to happen. To help counter the very real threat of ISIL, Iraqi Prime Minister Maliki needs to go. Read my op-ed in Politico Magazine:
KEYA radio received $50,000 in federal funds to help replace the 50 year old radio broadcast tower. For decades, the Belcourt School District and local volunteers have worked to raise the funds to keep the radio station running, and this tower will help make sure the area continues to have access to non-commercial, community driven, and educational radio. 
Today I joined U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Congressman Collin Peterson to announce $50 million in federal funds to help support flood prevention and conservation in the Red River Valley. We worked hard to include support for the Red River Valley in the Farm Bill and with the strong support from Congressman Peterson, we were able to get this smart program signed into law. http://1.usa.gov/1lTRmiR
We are very close to 10,000 page likes! Like and Share to help me reach my goal.
Maintaining an 11 carrier fleet was a top priority for Senator Mark Warner and I this year. I'm very pleased that the U.S. Navy is moving forward with the refueling and overhaul of the USS George Washington. Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1pJrBoG
I’m calling on the Obama Administration to protect the Jersey Shore from offshore drilling with Senator Booker & Congressman Pallone.  Check out our recent letter & spread the word that New Jersey should not be threatened with the kind of environmental catastrophe we saw in the Gulf of Mexico.  http://1.usa.gov/1m8OJcs
Today Jeff continued his Oregon Main Street walks, touring small businesses and meeting with community leaders in SE Portland’s Jade District.  Participants included the Asian Pacific American Network of Oregon, Mt. Tabor Neighborhood Association, Portland Community College and others.
A wonderful new program to honor our veterans and teach our youth the importance of service:  The Hometown Heroes Service Learning Project is an important pilot program of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund. Hometown Heroes is a curriculum that gives students an opportunity to learn about local veterans who served and sacrificed during the Vietnam War and in other military conflicts in our nation’s history. I enjoyed meeting outstanding student participant David Placido of Rainier Senior High School last week, whose project was highlighted at the official launch.
I spoke at the Hispanics in Politics breakfast in Las Vegas today about how passing immigration reform will create jobs, reduce the deficit, and keep families from being torn apart.
With downtown Syracuse growing more residential, it's time for a full-service grocery store in Armory Square.
NA
When folks go missing on federal lands, search-and-recovery teams should be able to go in after them as quickly as possible.  But that isn’t always the case.  That’s why I’m supporting a bill to reduce red tape so recovery missions can deploy as quickly as possible. http://1.usa.gov/1kful5p
Marking 50 years since #CivilRightsAct1964 and celebrating trailblazers at the Virginia Civil Rights Memorial today in Richmond.
We just took a big step toward developing clean wind energy off our coast right here in Massachusetts.  I applaud the Department of Energy for its conditional commitment of a $150 million loan guarantee for the Cape Wind project to become America's first commercial-scale offshore wind farm. 
