11,608 people have signed our petition supporting a lifetime ban on members of Congress from lobbying. If you add Senator Jon Tester and me to that list, we're at 11,610. But as you might have guessed, we haven’t had a lot of luck getting people in Washington on board with our plan. We're going to keep working on it, but we need your help. If you haven’t already signed the petition, please do at http://www.bennet.senate.gov/lobbyingban
More than three times as many women are murdered by guns used by their intimate partners than are murdered by strangers using a gun, knife, or any other weapon combined. http://j.mp/1pcpVzv #ForLori
It’s simple: people under temporary restraining orders should not have access to firearms.   Today, I’m introducing the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act which would restrict those under TRO’s from purchasing or possessing firearms. The bill honors a woman from Oxford, CT whose husband shot and killed her using a gun he legally possessed because a permanent protective order was not yet in place.   Read and share: http://j.mp/1pcpVzv
I want to thank Acting Secretary Gibson for his urgency in responding to the needs of our #veterans and efforts to improve services in #Maryland. I was pleased to hear from him this afternoon, following his visit to the #Baltimore #VA Regional Medical Center.  I look forward to personally visiting the Baltimore VA Regional Medical Center next week and meeting with our veterans to discuss first hand how we can better address their concerns and help ensure they receive the timely quality #healthcare they have so nobly earned in service to our nation.
A very happy birthday to my beautiful wife, Martha! Christopher, Ben and I are very fortunate to have had you in our lives all these years.
Here's a really powerful article about two University of Delaware grads and their fight to find a cure for their 4-year-old daughter’s rare terminal genetic disease, Sanfilippo Syndrome-Type A.  It's worth a read!
The sharing of cybersecurity threat information between private sector and government is vital to U.S. security.
Television set-top boxes are massive energy hogs. It’s time to find efficient alternatives.
Incredible win for U.S. Soccer! #WorldCup #OneNationOneTeam 
North Dakota hit a milestone by producing one million barrels of oil in a day. North Dakota has also reached all-time highs in natural gas production. In our state, we know what a true all-of-the-above energy strategy means, and that includes working together toward the responsible development of our oil and gas resources to help power our state and the country.
Today at a Senate Agriculture hearing, I touted the success of North Dakota’s bio-based manufacturers -- like Bismarck-based Earth Kind, Inc. whose CEO, Kari Warberg-Block, came to Washington today -- and highlighted provisions in the 2014 Farm Bill that help increase the use of agricultural products to manufacture every-day goods, such as soap, plastic and fabric. North Dakota is leading the way in using natural agriculture products to manufacture items Americans use every day, and it’s projected that more than 100,000 American jobs can be created through this industry. http://1.usa.gov/1lBnWVU
See my op-ed with Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) on the importance of standing up for Native American children – one of our most vulnerable populations that is too often forgotten -- following the President's visit to Standing Rock last Friday. We must continue to shine a spotlight on this issue and help Native kids get the opportunities they deserve. 
No woman in America should live in fear of being sexually assaulted or abused. Those that are need a government on their side.  It’s outrageous that tens of thousands of untested sexual assault kits are sitting in crime labs or police lockers. Victims must know they haven’t been forgotten.  I’m fighting through the CJS funding bill to clear the backlog of sexual assault kit testing. Evidence must be processed, cases investigated, criminals punished and victims provided the services they need to help rebuild lives. 
NA
Claire: “I can’t figure this out, Dr. Oz. I get that you do a lot of good on your show. I understand that you give a lot of information that’s great information … I don’t get why you need to say this stuff when you know it’s not true. When you have this amazing megaphone, why would you cheapen your show?”   In today's Consumer Protection hearing, Claire posed tough questions to popular TV host Dr. Mehmet Oz on his frequent claims about “miracle” products, and also explored options for regulators and industry to crack down on deceptive marketing practices.
This morning at 9:30am ET/8:30am CT, Claire - who chairs the Senate’s Consumer Protection panel - will quiz TV show host Dr. Mehmet Oz in a hearing regarding his role in the deceptive marketing of weight-loss products and to determine what more can be done to protect consumers. Watch live on C-SPAN: http://cs.pn/1lx7OQL
It was great to meet with the mentors and students of FIRST Robotics Team 2614, Mountaineer Area Robotics from University High School, who visited my office this morning to discuss the importance of education and the expansion of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math programs.  From left to right is mentor Frank Tate, student Sidd Subramanyam, student Kevin Tennant, mentor Alex Stout, and student Ben Taylor.
It doesn't matter what your ideology is. You should feel good about the news today that our government leadership, military, and law enforcement worked together to capture a ring leader of the Benghazi attacks.  Some Republicans have unfortunately been trying to downplay and insult the great work of our special forces and the FBI. Even in these days of polarization, that kind of reaction is shocking and disgusting.   They are insulting these good men and women who did some courageous things -- heroic things -- in order to criticize President Obama. It’s really pathetic. 
Congrats to Senator Boxer – enjoy the #BrooklynBrewery lager & Madison Sq Garden pretzels.
Sad to say we didn’t bring home the #StanleyCup, but NYers always stick to their word.
Senator Shaheen met with John Shaw, CEO of Itaconix Corporation of Stratham, New Hampshire this afternoon to discuss their innovative work in biobased manufacturing at an event to highlight new technologies.
If we go back to Iraq, we’re going to get the same results as we did back in 2003. We’re going to put people’s lives on the line, we are going to add to that $17 trillion debt like we’ve never seen before - when we have bridges and roads and education systems that need to be funded here.  Those fiscal hawks that want to go in and spend all that money, I think it’s the wrong decision.  
Great to meet with kids and families who helped us win the fight for emergency epinephrine in schools: http://1.usa.gov/UJiqqF
