Last August, Mayor Michael B. Hancock and I toured the Denver Crime Lab with leaders from victim’s rights groups to discuss The SAFER Act and raise awareness about the national backlog of at least 400,000 rape kits sitting untested across the country. With the passage of VAWA, the SAFER Act is on it's way to the President's desk to become law.
After needless delays, the House passed the Senate version of the Violence Against Women Act today. While I'm relieved we've taken these steps to protect all victims of domestic violence, there was no reason it should have taken almost two years to reauthorize this bipartisan bill.
12-year-old Marylander Deamonte Driver, lost his life after a tooth infection, six years ago.  HHS has weakened the provisions that would guarantee affordable dental coverage for all American children. “Deamonte Driver’s story is a heart-breaking example of how important oral health is to overall health. If this rule is allowed to stay as-is, HHS will take the bite out of the provisions we fought for that would ensure no child would ever again have to risk his life from something as treatable as tooth decay. I will pursue every route available to make certain that children can receive the affordable oral health benefits that Congress intended,” said Senator Cardin, whose provision creating a guaranteed dental benefit was included in the 2009 reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and then in the Affordable Care Act (ACA).  “Unfortunately, with this new rule, American families could be subjected to prohibitive out-of-pocket costs and the definition of ‘affordable’ cost-sharing for pediatric dental coverage would be left to the states.”
I’m glad the House finally passed the Violence Against Women Act today. It shows yet again that reauthorizing VAWA was a no-brainer: a commonsense piece of legislation that gives law enforcement the resources they need to combat crime and that helps protect women and families across America. Hope we can carry this bipartisan momentum on to other pressing challenges.
NA
Senator Coons spoke on the Senate floor today urging his colleagues to find a balanced compromise to avert the sequester.
“They said this day would never come, but we made the tough choices necessary to save Hoosier jobs, and now Chrysler is stronger in north central Indiana than they were before the auto rescue. I won’t rest until every Hoosier who wants a job, has a job. The recovery of Chrysler, Kokomo, and our American auto industry has led our national recovery, and the lesson is clear:  never bet against the American worker.” - Sen. Joe Donnelly
With the help of the House of Representatives, the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) has passed and will now be sent to the President’s desk to be signed into law.  I’m proud to have been a cosponsor of this common sense bill as survivors of domestic abuse, sexual assault, and stalking can soon receive the protections they deserve. As your Senator, I will continue to advocate for meaningful legislation, like VAWA, that will help Hoosier families back home. –Joe
Good news! The House finally passed the Violence Against Women Act. Everyone deserves protection from domestic violence.
VIDEO: Spoke to Piers Morgan Tonight last night about assault weapons. WATCH HERE:
Held a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing yesterday on assault weapons, gun violence. Read more about it HERE:
PHOTO: Behind the scenes before yesterday’s Judiciary Committee on assault weapons.
I will be joining Piers Morgan Tonight at 9 p.m. EST on CNN to discuss my assault weapons bill and sequestration.
Today’s passage of the Violence Against Women Act is a long overdue victory for women and children in New Mexico. I’m grateful for the tireless efforts of organizations and advocates across our state; because of their hard work, New Mexico’s communities are safer and stronger. ALL people, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, or ethnic background should have the same right to live free from domestic and sexual violence.
I applaud the House for passing the Senate version of Violence Against Women Act. Great news for Native American women and all North Dakota families.
The U.S. House of Representatives today passed Sen. Leahy and Sen. Crapo’s bipartisan Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act by a strong vote of 286 to 138.  The final vote can be seen from this screen shot of CSPAN below. 
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/breaking-leahy-hails-house-passage-of-bipartisan-senate-vawa-bill
The refreshed and reformed Violence Against Women Act meets a compelling human need by helping families, communities & police officers. I'm glad that it is now headed to the White House to be signed into law by President Obama. I was proud to cosponsor VAWA to bring new ideas & new approaches to empower victims & help prevent domestic violence & violence against women.
Today at 4pm I’ll join members of the Maryland Delegation in holding a Twitter Town Hall on the impact of sequester. You can follow me on Twitter at @SenatorBarb. Ask questions using the hashtag #AskMDDems.
Budget sequestration is not a sane way to govern.
I'm calling on the U.S. Department of Labor to reverse its decision to freeze enrollment at America’s Job Corps centers. The Labor Department has already acknowledged that they’ve mismanaged this program—the kids who rely on it shouldn’t be punished for that. I hope the Department will do the right thing and reverse this decision. This enrollment freeze is already affecting these communities and it would be a terrible mistake to continue to cut off such a critical lifeline for so many students who need it:
"As a former prosecutor who's seen firsthand the effects of domestic violence, I can tell you that the Violence Against Women Act saves lives. For nearly a year I've heard from Missourians in big cities and small towns, all wondering how this landmark bill that had previously been so bipartisan, so noncontroversial, and had been proven so effective, could be mired in such partisan political gridlock. Today, Republicans in the U.S. House finally relented and let the Senate bill get a vote-and it passed with the bipartisan support we knew it would. I hope it demonstrates an increased ability by Congress to break partisan logjams and do the work we were sent here to do." - Claire
Had a chance to spend a few minutes with President Obama a few weeks ago. We talked about ways we can make the Senate work better.
NA
Senator Joe Manchin on the Re-Launch of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus http://youtu.be/aRu6-tzHkfA
If you want to help a vet, hire a vet.
It is so important to keep our committment to the men and women who have served us so bravely. That is why yesterday, we relaunched the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus in the 113th Congress and honored "Veterans Jobs Day on the Hill." Our motto stands, "If you want to help a vet, hire a vet."
Read this great story from the Martinsburg Journal on our "Wednesday Wake Up with Joe" event we had yesterday. Thank you to everyone from the Eastern Panhandle who joined us.   http://manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/in-the-news?ID=c39e887c-fd9e-4e93-9d36-840273c28260
NA
Article in today’s The Providence Journal underscores the dangers of indoor tanning.  We need to educate consumers on risks of ultraviolet radiation (UV) from indoor tanning beds.  I have long sought to improve warning label standards on indoor tanning devices.  Studies have found that UV radiation from indoor tanning beds increases a person’s risk of developing melanoma, a deadly form of skin cancer, by 75 percent. http://bit.ly/Xdsp5C
Today the House finally passed the Senate version of the Violence Against Women Act which will help law enforcement officials prosecute violent crimes against women and provide legal assistance to victims of violence. This is good news for millions of women in Nevada and across the country.
“I share the public’s frustration that the Senate was unable to come together to find bipartisan agreement to avoid automatic cuts. We need to address our deficit and rein in our spending, but the blind cuts of sequestration are not the right approach. These cuts threaten our economic recovery and put our national security interests at risk. Simply put, we must be smarter about the way we address our budget.  “Now is the time for Republicans and Democrats to put aside political differences and come together for real solutions. Every few months Congress manufactures a new stand-off that gets in the way of our ability to do our jobs and address the many long term challenges that face our country. These self-inflicted wounds must stop. This is no way to run a government and we must do better.” - JS
Senator Jeanne Shaheen released the following statement commending the Congressional reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). The House approved the bipartisan Senate bill 286-138 and it will now head to the President’s desk for his signature.  “The Violence Against Women Act is a critical, bipartisan piece of legislation that will bring comprehensive and critical services to the millions of domestic violence victims across the country. While I regret this legislation was delayed for so long, I am pleased that Congress has finally delivered on its responsibility to address the epidemic of domestic violence. VAWA is a proven tool in supporting victims, social service providers and law enforcement officials, and I am pleased that this bill is on its way to the President for his signature.”
The Senate's bipartisan Violence Against Women Act is now one step from being law after the House of Representatives passed it today.  VAWA will provide greater protections against sexual and domestic violence and ensure that more Montana women and children lead full, healthy lives.  Passing it was the responsible thing to do to make Montana a better place to live and work.
Today I voted in favor of the American Family Economic Protection Act of 2013 to avert the sequester and put us on a different path with spending restraint and a fairer tax system with fewer loopholes. When the sequester kicks in tomorrow our economy will not fall off a cliff, but we will begin tumbling down a hill with damaging consequences for middle-class families and small businesses. It has already had a chilling effect on New Mexico’s economy where the federal government employs people at our labs, on public lands, at military bases and more. While the bill I supported ultimately failed, I remain committed to finding common ground to stop these arbitrary across-the-board cuts from going into full effect and further hurting our state.
While there’s no question we need to balance our budget, we should do so in a thoughtful manner, not with a sequester that could cost up to one million jobs just as our economy is showing signs of improvement. Today, I made the case for why we should stop the sequester and responsibly address our deficit by closing tax loopholes for wealthy corporations, special interests, and very-high-income individuals.
Good news, the House just passed the U.S. Senate’s version of the Violence Against Women Act. The newly reauthorized VAWA will now include my teen dating violence provision, as well as important new protections for women on college campuses and reservations.
“As a former CEO of a business and former governor, there’s a smart way to do cuts, with discretion, or a stupid way to do cuts – for example, with the Navy budget, regardless of the effectiveness of all 975 programs, we’re going to cut them all equally.  That’s not the smart way to do business.” - Senator Warner (staff)
I spoke yesterday at the Special Committee on Aging on the different visions to lower health care costs. Watch here.
