On a visit to University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh, Tammy spent time speaking with students and faculty about the university's programs to prepare student for careers. http://bit.ly/WL6EoF
The Milken Institute included 7 of Colorado’s cities in its annual list of best performing cities. Congratulations to Fort Collins-Loveland, Boulder, Denver-Aurora-Broomfield, Greeley, Colorado Springs, Pueblo, and Grand Junction on proving yet again what a great state we live in! Check out the list to see where they all rank.
Are you coming to DC for the Presidential Inauguration? Just here visiting? Share your photos with me!
 
 You can share by email at photos@blumenthal.senate.gov, Instagram or Tweet using the hashtag #CTinDC, or send to me here on Facebook.
 
 I'll share your photos and memories with our friends and family back in Connecticut!
We are excited to announce the new website for Senator Joe Donnelly’s office. From reading the latest news about Joe to emailing him your opinion, this website is the place for you.
Earlier, Joe met with students from Hammond Academy Of Science & Technology (HAST) and learned from our state’s future leaders in sciences and technology. "Share" this photo with your friends and tell them to "Like" Joe as he advocates for a quality and affordable education for all Hoosiers.
On the 16th stop of his "I Work for You" tour, Joe visited with farmers from the Valparaiso area.
It’s the fourth and final day of Joe’s “I Work for You” tour. Beginning at Data Realty in South Bend, Indiana and ending in Lafayette, Indiana, Joe will listen to Hoosiers for common sense ideas that he can bring back to Washington.
A true North Dakota hero.
Had a wonderful time meeting with students at Little Ferry Memorial School who, despite what their town and families have been through, have kept good spirits. It’s absolutely necessary that my Senate colleagues remember when we vote yet again on Sandy Relief that this storm affected ALL New Jerseyans, including children who have been displaced from their homes, schools and all things familiar to them. I thank Little Ferry’s Mayor Mauro Raguseo and Superintendent Frank Scarafile for their fortitude in helping these students get back in the classrooms and the Child Mind Institute for donating heaps of books to Little Ferry families who lost them. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3P8Jznuhr-U&feature=share&list=UU0PV0K9Z5a9p3D5917KF5fw
Today, I held a roundtable discussion with Congressman Jim Himes and community leaders in Stamford on reducing gun violence in America.
Calling on US Treasury Deptartment and National Park Service to allocate federal tax credits to revamp Glenwood Power Plant in Yonkers.
NA
I am glad that the President outlined clear policies on gun violence today. Now is the time to take common sense steps like re-instating the ban on military-style assault weapons, closing the gun show loophole, and banning high capacity magazines. And with over 900 gun deaths in the United States since the tragedy in Newtown, it's clear that the price of inaction is far too high. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate on the President's proposals.
NA
NA
