Wishing a very happy Mother’s Day to all the mothers out there! Thank you for all that you do. -TB
Happy Mother's Day to all the hard-working moms out there. I'll do my part in honoring moms nationwide by working in the Senate to pass #equalpay and paycheck fairness. Moms deserve a #FairShot.
We can never repay the debts we owe to our mothers- but we can try. Wishing everyone a #HappyMothersDay
I want to wish my beautiful wife Martha a Happy Mother’s Day and thank her for what a great wife and mother she’s been to Chris, Ben and me. And to all of the great mother’s in Delaware and around the nation, I hope you have a great Mother’s Day too!
This Mother's Day, I'm working to pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act - http://t.co/7ISxKo3JYl #MothersDay #PWFA
Happy Mother’s Day to all of our Hoosier moms. -Joe
As I travel across New Mexico, I often meet women who remind me of my mother. Women who work tirelessly so their children can have more opportunity. It's important we show appreciation for our mothers with more than just words of gratitude on this special day. We must work together to ensure all women--our mothers, sisters, and daughters--have a fair shot at getting ahead. I wish you and your family a Happy Mother’s Day.
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers across North Dakota - who help shape us into who we grow up to be and support us during good times and bad, just as my mom has done for me.
Quick personal note: On Mother’s Day, I think about my mom & miss her more than ever. She’s my hero & it’s in her honor that I try to make a difference in people’s lives every day. Thank you, mom.
Happy Mother’s Day to all the wonderful moms in New Jersey & across the country!
What Mom loans her car to her 18 year old son and friend to drive to Alaska and back? Mine. Happy Mothers Day!
Happy Mother's Day! Wishing you a day of happiness surrounded by those you love.
Those of us lucky enough to still have our mothers with us should treat every day like it is Mother’s Day. Today I encourage us all to  commemorate our mothers, or those maternal figures in our lives, and recognize the truly meaningful roles they play.  Visit my website to read this week's message from the Hill to the Mountains on Mother's Day:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=56a20e20-3603-45dd-90d7-06c8cf37b9ed
Happy Mother’s Day! We simply can’t thank moms enough for all their love, patience, & sacrifice.
Happy Mother's Day!
