Senator Coons is in Mali today checking in on the international operation to fight al Qaeda there. Here are a few photos from his arrival at Bamako Senou Air Base this morning.
We're teaming up with Senator Tom Carper, Congressman John Carney and Brandywine Counseling & Community Services to host our first job fair of the year on March 6th in New Castle County. Details about April's Sussex County job fair and June's Kent County job fair will be announced soon! Please share this with your friends and neighbors!
Today, Joe began his “Closing the Skills Gap” tour across the state with a visit to Eli Lilly and Company where he participated in a round table discussion with company leaders about closing the skills gap.  Joe will also receive the “NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence” for his continued advocacy to bringing more job opportunities in the Hoosier State.
Vean mi entrevista con CNN Español sobre el discurso del Estado de la Unión del Presidente  http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/spanish/2013/02/14/dir-sen-kaine-post-sotu.cnn
In honor of President Day's, below is Senator Shaheen reading President George Washington's Farewell Address in February, 2012.
On Friday, U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and I urged the heads of the Consumer Financial Protection Board and the Federal Trade Commission to take action to improve consumer credit reporting. Recent reports found that 20 percent of consumers could identify at least one error in a credit report issued by one of the three major credit reporting agencies and that more than five percent of consumers found significant errors. People can lose their jobs because of this information, and have their families thrown into chaos. This situation is unacceptable.
Today I joined Mayor Tom Menino and Rep Mike Capuano at Boston Medical Center to discuss the importance of NIH funding with Boston's medical research professionals. NIH funding isn't only critical for our health - it's also critical for jobs, our economy and our future.
