"...you have to keep moving forward."
If you need health insurance, there's still time to get to www.choosehealthde.com and enroll for coverage to begin on Jan. 1. And if you need help, seek out a marketplace guide. Today, they set up shop in the cafe of St. Francis Hospital helping anyone who stopped by, free of charge.
I saw some friends from the Los Alamos County Council and Los Alamos Historical Society. We are all excited about boosting tourism in New Mexico with the Manhattan Project National Historic Park and the Valles Caldera National Preserve.
Discussed Santa Ana Pueblo's wildlife and rangeland conservation efforts with Governor Montoya and other tribal members today.
It has always been an honor to represent West Virginia coal miners and their families, who will always be a true source inspiration for me. So today, on National Miner's Day, it is my privilege to say “thank you.” It is because of their sacrifices that we have sustained the way of life we enjoy today.  I encourage every single West Virginian and American to #ThankAMiner today. Learn more: http://thankaminer.org/
Today we celebrate National Miner’s Day, an incredibly meaningful day of recognition not only for the state of West Virginia, but for our entire country. This nation was built on the backs of our coal miners, and today, miners continue to go to work every day to provide millions of Americans with the electricity that powers our lives. It is because of their sacrifices that we have sustained the way of life we enjoy today. As we take a moment to honor and reflect on the tremendous contributions of our miners, let us especially commemorate those who have tragically been lost while mining the coal that has made this country great. The selflessness and bravery of our miners has never faltered, and for this we thank them on this National Miner’s Day.
“This impending typhoon that is expected to make landfall this weekend could potentially cause devastating losses for the Philippines. Many people are still recovering from the tragedy left by Typhoon Haiyan that wreaked havoc just 13 months ago. My prayers go out to the people of the Philippines as they prepare for the storm and I encourage all of us in Hawai‘i to extend the same aloha to our families and friends in the Philippines as we’ve done in the past. I will work just as I have always done to be sure that if necessary, the people of the Philippines receive the emergency support they need to assist in any recovery efforts.” - BES  Helpful information can be accessed at the links below:   http://www.gov.ph/emergency-hotlines/   http://www.philippineshonolulu.org/
