Gov. Walker kicked 92,000 people off #BadgerCare and he should take responsibility for the uncertainty and confusion he has created for Wisconsin families.
In #MD we decided affordable health care should be a right for all--- not a privilege for some, so we sat down and made it work. Now quality affordable healthcare will be a reality for Marylanders.
Honoring Alyssa and raising epilepsy awareness from Capitol Hill- http://bit.ly/15whPHE #ajo
NA
Glad to see the Indiana Chamber of Commerce fighting to bridge the #skillsgap in the Hoosier State. –Joe
This week, Senator Donnelly toured the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and learned more about diabetes research.
I chaired a Drug Caucus hearing on dangerous synthetic drugs such as molly, K2, spice & “bath salts.”
It’s time to bring our railroad safety systems into the 21st century. Read my op-ed with National Transportation Safety Board Chairman Deborah Hersman in the Ventura County Star.
I met with Train Engineers today, including Mark Schneider, from Martin, and they gave me an update of North Dakota's current status of railroad safety. My home in North Dakota is located right next to the railroad tracks, so I understand the kind of hours and hard work rail workers spend in order to transfer our goods throughout the state and country. Making sure all of North Dakota's workers are safe on the job is crucial.
Had the chance to sit down with North Dakota teachers Nick Archulata of Bismarck and Karen Askerooth of Valley City from North Dakota United to talk about education needs in our state. Making sure every North Dakotan has the opportunity to succeed is one of my top priorities and I'll continue to work to put our students on the best path forward.
During today's Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs hearing, I again made clear how important a strong postal service is to North Dakota and all of rural America. Congress needs to help USPS address its financial challenges, but we must do so in a commonsense way that protects service standards in rural America and treats postal workers fairly. I will continue working with my colleagues to shape a postal reform bill that fully takes into account the impact USPS has on rural jobs and communities.
If we want to pass legislation that will keep our communities safer and save lives, we're going to have to build a political movement that lasts years and decades. And that starts with you. Like and share if you believe it's time for Congress to take action on legislation to reduce gun violence.
Claire took over the front desk for part of the day to take calls directly from Missourians. She answered questions and addressed concerns on variety of issues from avoiding a possible #GovernmentShutdown, to how #Obamacare will improve access to affordable #healthcare. 
 
 Watch a short highlight video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKXhkclBGXo&feature=c4-overview&list=UUnarZ9jmNhI-eDcEPBwqMFw
NA
Today, I went to the Senate floor to ask that we begin votes that will prevent a government shutdown. A pair of Republican senators insisted on delaying the votes, without any good reason. This is a big charade being led by a few of my Republican colleagues.   People are tired of us talking. They want us to get something done here. Every minute that goes by is a minute closer to a government shutdown.
I commend Republican senators who have spoken up in favor of reason – calling the Tea Party’s shutdown ultimatum a “box canyon,” a “suicide note,” and “the dumbest idea ever.” Although these reasonable Republicans dislike Obamacare as much as their more radical colleagues, they also realize the futility and the danger of political hostage taking. They know this country cannot be governed by one faction of one party on one side of the Capitol. Governing must be a cooperative effort that sets aside ideological or parochial concerns in favor of what is best for the nation, for the economy and for middle-class families.
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
MUST READ: Senators Brian Schatz and Christopher Murphy explain the critical need for aggressive reform to make college more affordable for American families.
It's time to push back on climate deniers and act on climate. Here are 9 of my reasons to care about climate change. LIKE and SHARE this BuzzFeed post to make sure your friends have the facts. #climatechange #actonclimate
It was an honor to congratulate the cyclists who completed the Climate Ride today. They biked 300 miles to DC to help raise awareness for climate change – and there were two Rhode Islanders among them! Thank you for pushing all of us to move forward on climate.
 #ActonClimate
Yesterday I stood with fellow women Senators, health advocates, new mothers and pregnant women to speak out against Republicans’ irresponsible efforts to tie a government shutdown to critical Affordable Care Act funding, and to take away guaranteed basic coverage like maternity care, prenatal care, and preventive screenings like mammograms for millions of women across the country. We’ve been living with universal coverage here in MA for six years and we know that it works. More than 98% of people in the Commonwealth are now covered by health care. Watch the video of yesterday’s event here.
