The American people know $7.25 an hour is not enough. All we need is a handful of Republicans to join us in voting to raise the minimum wage. Watch my floor speech:
Raising the national minimum wage would bring 3.3 million tipped workers closer to a livable wage. So, what are we waiting for?  #RaiseTheWage http://j.mp/1rB3mEC
It doesn’t take a scientist to understand that air pollution doesn’t stop at a state borderline. I applaud the strong decision by #SCOTUS that reaffirms the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's role in protecting our children from cross-state air pollution. #MD, despite having some of the strictest #cleanair rules in the country, continues to suffer from dirty air – and the resulting harm to public #health – because of #pollution from other states. It’s time for the excuses to end when it comes to polluters cleaning up their act.
After McCutcheon decision from Supreme Court, I believe we have no choice but to pursue amending the U.S. Constitution in order to improve our campaign finance system and restore sanity to our political process. That’s why I joined Senator Tom Udall’s constitutional amendment to return the power to Congress to regulate campaign finance.  
I am thrilled with the Supreme Court’s decision to uphold the EPA’s “Good Neighbor” rule that will help protect the health of all Delawareans and millions of Americans living in downwind states.  
Yesterday marked the 25th Workers’ Memorial Day, a day to honor those who have died or been injured by their work. In 2012 alone, 4,383 workers were killed on the job, including 163 workers in PA; nearly 3 million workers were injured. I called this hearing so that we can review current whistleblower protections and evaluate what updates, if any, are needed.
Sexual violence is a tragic and harsh reality on college campuses. We must ensure that we are providing every means necessary for college students to learn in a safe environment. #1is2many  https://notalone.gov/
The allegations in these reports are disturbing. It’s incumbent upon the VA to release all documents on any secret waitlists in Pennsylvania and throughout the country. The VA should publish all its data on wait times and lay out steps to reduce the times veterans across the country are waiting for care.
Congratulations to Malkin on the #HatTrick and the Pittsburgh Penguins on advancing to the second round! Also, good luck to the Philadelphia Flyers as they take on a tough New York Rangers tonight in a must win home game. 
Joe enjoyed speaking with St. Richard's Episcopal School students this afternoon in the Capitol. Thanks for visiting the office!
The U.S. Small Business Administration announced today that certain Private Non-Profit Organizations in Indiana may be eligible to apply for disaster loans to alleviate damage from the January winter storms. Learn more and how to apply here.
Senate confirmed California’s Michelle Friedland to the Ninth Circuit court, which now has a full complement of 29 judges.
I had the opportunity to congratulate Highland High School’s "We the People" team for placing 10th at the Center for Civic Education national championships while they were in D.C. I’m very proud of them and every New Mexico high school team that competed this year. #wtpfinals
During a Congress where too often politics gets in the way of good policy, this bipartisan bill to reform the nation’s housing finance system shows what can happen when we work together to stand up for American families. That’s what legislating is about – working for North Dakotans and Americans to pass legislation that stands up for them and makes our nation stronger. After almost a dozen hearings, this landmark bill accomplishes those goals by ending taxpayer-funded bailouts of the housing market, while still making sure families can afford homes. We have been debating this reform for over a year, and are so close to finalizing it. I greatly appreciate Chairman Johnson and Ranking Member Crapo for their leadership on it and determination to bring this bill across the finish line. 
Human trafficking is on the rise both globally and in our own backyard. This past weekend, Senator Klobuchar and Cindy McCain spoke with world leaders at the McCain Institute’s Sedona Forum about human trafficking – both labor and sex trafficking -- in our home states and how we need to rally together to do everything we can to prevent trafficking and get victims help. 
Last week my Bismarck intern and Standing Rock Sioux Tribe member, Danielle Finn, was named 2nd runner up at the Miss Indian World pageant – the highest recognition at Miss Indian World ever received by a Standing Rock Sioux tribe member. Being recently named a Center For Native Youth Champion for Change, words cannot describe how proud I am of Danielle. http://bismarcktribune.com/news/local/bismarck/bismarck-woman-named-second-runner-up-in-miss-indian-world/article_a677c222-cf1b-11e3-9429-001a4bcf887a.html
Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday spoke on the Senate Floor, announcing that he is holding up the Administration's request to spend $650 million in military aid to Egypt.    Leahy chairs the Senate's State Department and Foreign Operations Subcommittee -- the Appropriations Committee panel that oversees the State Department's budget as well as foreign aid programs.  In his role as chairman, Leahy has put a hold on the Administration's April 25 request to obligate $650 million in military assistance to Egypt that was provided under the Fiscal Year 2014 Appropriations bill enacted early this year.  Leahy has led in writing current and previous congressional conditions on aid to the Egyptian Government.   "I'm not prepared to sign off on the delivery of additional aid for the Egyptian military.  I'm not prepared to do that until we see convincing evidence the government is committed to the rule of law."  
Our heartfelt congratulations to Missouri's Teacher of the Year Jamie Manker of Rockwood Summit High School. She'll be honored this week at the White House for her outstanding achievement. Please join us in thanking her for all she has done to empower young Missourians.
I strongly encourage all West Virginians to take advantage of the Department of Labor's new Job-Driven National Emergency Grant program and apply for funding. This is an incredible opportunity for our state to expand job training programs that will help hardworking West Virginians develop the skill-sets necessary to fill open positions.   For more information, please visit my website:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6459595d-f6ad-4e92-9c60-561f854645a4
CEOs earned 21% more in 2013 than in 2009, yet the national minimum wage has stayed the same. Is it fair that companies can find millions of dollars to pay their CEOs while some full-time workers are paid less than a livable wage?
The Senate will continue debate today on raising the national minimum wage to $10.10. I hope Senate Republicans understand how vitally important this is to so many Americans. It is simply not fair that working men and women are being stripped of the American dream because we refuse to pay them a livable wage.
Our plan to #RaisetheWage to $10.10 would give more NY families a #FairShot
NA
This afternoon Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor to call for an increase in the federal minimum wage from $7.25 per hour to $10.10. An increase in the minimum wage would result in a raise for more than 110,000 people in New Hampshire and help lift more than 10,000 Granite Staters out of poverty.  Watch here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bxuq70FsaeI&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA  
Preventative health care improves women’s health and supports strong families. That’s why I’m pushing the Senate to strengthen investments in Title X, so women and families of all backgrounds can get the quality health care they deserve. http://1.usa.gov/1kfu3fi
Today I attended an important hearing before the Senate Appropriations Committee on leveraging federal investments in research & development to help start new businesses and create jobs in New Mexico. We have many world-class labs and entrepreneurs in our state, and we need to do all we can to help get their R&D to the private sector to grow our economy. That was the focus of my conversation with Energy Secretary Moniz, and the goal of my tech transfer legislation to help New Mexico lead the way in innovation. Click below to see more from the hearing, and how I’m pushing for more public-private partnerships for New Mexico.
Earlier today, I spoke on the Senate floor about why we need to raise the minimum wage to ensure New Mexico families get a fair day’s pay for a hard day’s work. I have heard from many New Mexicans about how important raising the wage is to them, and how it would give them a fair shot at a better life. As Liz from Albuquerque pointed out, our entire economy will be better off if wages keep up with inflation. As she said, we need to ensure working Americans can make a ‘living’ wage - not just a ‘minimum’ wage. Click below to watch these remarks and continue sharing to help me build support for this plan.
This week, we have the opportunity to pass legislation that would help get our economy back on track and give more New Mexico families a fair shot at making a good living. S.1737, the Minimum Wage Fairness Act, would increase the federal minimum wage to $10.10 an hour — bringing it to where it would be if it had kept up with inflation. I'm supporting it because at today’s wage, too many New Mexico families are left working two or three jobs just to pay rent and put food on the table. Click here to read more, and share this with others if you support raising the minimum wage and giving a fair shot to all New Mexicans. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=1632
In case you missed it, the Washington Post says that Congress passing our DATA Act unanimously represents a "rare showing of widespread agreement between Democrats and Republicans."  I'm proud that because of our bipartisan work, the American people will now have open, standardized access to how the federal government spends their money.
"On Monday Senator Mark Warner's magnum opus piece of legislation, the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act, passed the House of Representatives with bipartisan support. The bill now heads to President Obama's desk to be signed into federal law."  (staff)
