Tammy to co-chair the Congressional Cranberry Caucus. The cranberry industry contributes nearly $300 million annually to Wisconsin’s economy!
Indiana said a final goodbye to two outstanding Hoosiers today. Family, friends, and members of the public came together to honor the life of former Congressman Andy Jacobs Jr. at the Statehouse to reflect on his 30 years of service as Indianapolis’ Congressman. Joe had the opportunity to pay his respects to Rep. Jacobs’ family in the morning before heading to Granger Community Church to attend the funeral of Staff Sgt. Jesse Williams. A native of Elkhart, Williams was serving overseas when he was killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan on December 17th. We honor the service of these two great men today.
Extreme winter weather looks likely to continue for much of Indiana in the next few days. You can find information and tips on being ready for winter weather and extreme cold temperatures at http://www.ready.gov/winter.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Teresa Gross, a teacher at Westwood Elementary School in Greenwood and Jay Vahle, a teacher at Woodbrook Elementary School in Carmel, have been selected to receive the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching.
Don’t let this happen to you. With the extreme cold temperatures coming this weekend, make sure you’re well prepared. Read the North Dakota Department of Transportation’s tips for traveling in cold weather: http://www.dot.nd.gov/divisions/maintenance/winter-preparation.htm
In Texas for NDSU Bison game, but will also meet w/BNSF CEO for update on Casselton derailment investigation and clean up.
Too many Native families face serious hardships to survive – from domestic violence, to drug abuse, to suicide which are all too rampant. But we can change course. I introduced my bill to create a commission that would take a serious look at these challenges and offer real solutions. It’s an important step forward, but there are many ways to make needed strides. That’s why I hope eligible North Dakota tribes will apply for the Department of Justice’s Coordinated Tribal Assistance Solicitation grants. These grants could help Native children and families get the support they need, and create comprehensive and coordinated programs that better serve Native families. Improving the conditions of our tribal communities is a must, and I know our tribes are working to bring about real results. These funds could help. The deadline to submit applications is March 24, 2014 at 7:00pm ET. Click here for more information:  http://www.justice.gov/tribal/open-sol.html http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=73acc854-0497-48ff-b25c-79a0273c309f
A year after being sworn in, I’m proud of my work on important bipartisan issues like veterans unemployment and passing a budget agreement. It is an honor to serve the Commonwealth and I look forward to continuing to tackle issues that matter to Virginians in 2014.  
Check out our new Connecticut in the Capitol video, featuring founding father Roger Sherman:
I'll be on CBS's Face the Nation on Sunday to discuss specific actions Congress can take to address economic inequality. That is one of the most important issues our nation must address.
Fed gov’t should approve Crosman Corp’s FTZ app to help grow biz & jobs at home. #MadeinAmerica
It’s 2014, and time to keep helping brew up new Montana jobs.  I’m sponsoring a bill to cut taxes on Montana brewers so they can grow their companies and re-invest in new jobs.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/JOzPbg
In Virginia, we have a proud tradition of military service, and I find it completely unacceptable that veterans who have served our nation and their same-sex spouses are being denied benefits simply because of orientation. I wrote the President today to ask for an immediate end to this this discrimination for my constituents and all of our nation's veterans.
