Tomorrow, my office is looking forward to recognizing four Colorado organizations for winning the President’s “E” Award for success in exporting their own products and services overseas, or for helping other companies export. Out of 57 companies honored with this award nationally, 4 were from Colorado. Congratulations to Frederick Export, Geotech Environmental, Lightning Eliminators & Consultants, Inc., and World Trade Center Denver!
Tune in tomorrow LIVE as I join National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Association, Guttmacher Institute, ACLU Nationwide & advocates as we celebrate the 48th anniversary of the landmark Griswold v. Connecticut Supreme Court decision that protected the right to privacy and nullified a ban on contraceptives in Connecticut.
 
 Have questions? Comment below and we'll do our best to ask the experts!
 
 http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/live
Our world is cleaner and  public health is safer today because of Sen. Lautenberg. We lost an irreplaceable champion of the environment. He will be dearly missed.
 
 
 
  League of Conservation Voters
“Frank Lautenberg lived the American Dream. The child of immigrant parents, he built a successful business from the ground up and gave back to his community through public service. He has left a legacy of hard work and the determination to improve the lives of millions of Americans, including veterans like himself, children, women and families in New Jersey and across the country. I cherished my friendship with Frank and know just how much he will be missed. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Bonnie and his family that he loved dearly, and the people of New Jersey who he represented with pride.  “The nation also has lost a true champion of the environment. For decades, Frank Lautenberg fought tirelessly for decades to keep toxic chemicals out of our communities, to ensure that our water is safe for drinking and our beaches are safe for swimming, and to protect our citizens from the threat of climate change. Our world is cleaner, and our public health safer today, because of his efforts.  I have had the honor to work side-by-side with him on the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, where his skill and dedication were an inspiration to all of us.  I will miss his brave voice and his principled example.”
NA
I was saddened to learn of the passing of my friend and colleague, Senator Frank R. Lautenberg. I had the honor and privilege of working with him in the Senate, including a 2009 Congressional delegation trip to Israel and Turkey. The trip greatly contributed to our understanding of the Middle East Peace Process, and Frank’s presence was invaluable to our delegation. He was a tireless advocate for the people of New Jersey, and his efforts in important areas such as public health, education, transportation and veterans will leave a lasting legacy. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Bonnie, his children and his grandchildren.
Blue collar, gold swagger. Good luck tonight, Indiana Pacers. Beat the Heat.–Joe
“I’m very sorry about the loss of my colleague, Senator Frank R. Lautenberg.  His family will be in our thoughts and prayers.” –Joe
Huge week for the Farm Bill. It’s time to get this done & give long-term certainty to American farmers and ranchers. Share if you agree!
RIP to U.S. Senator Frank Lautenberg. My thoughts and prayers are with his friends and family.
Had a great time hosting a pizza party for the Senate pages this afternoon with my friend Senator Deb Fischer.
I am shaken by the loss of Frank Lautenberg – a colleague and my good friend and ally. He loved his job and the people of New Jersey.
 
 You can read my full statement in below. My thoughts and prayers are with Bonnie and his family.
On Monday, June 3, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski participated in a ribbon cutting ceremony to officially open a new 23,000-square-foot addition to the Loch Raven VA Community Living & Rehabilitation Center in Baltimore.
Today I helped cut the ribbon to open a new addition to the Loch Raven VA Community Living & Rehabilitation Center in Baltimore. We have a sacred trust with those who have risked their lives so that we may live in freedom. Part of that sacred trust is making sure we provide our veterans with the care and benefits they have earned and deserve.  This expansion will ensure that our veterans continue to be served in body, mind and spirit. I will never stop fighting for the men and women in uniform who have honored our country by volunteering to serve. Today we are showing that promises made are promises kept.
Bad news, folks: I'm stuck in the airport waiting for a flight, so we're rescheduling tonight's Google Hangout. Stay tuned.
There are currently more international regulations for the cross-border sale of armchairs than firearms. President Obama should sign it and the Senate should ratify it without delay. http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342969
Next Google Hangout tonight at 6:15pm. If you're on Google+ and want to join me live to ask a question, email Info_Murphy@murphy.senate.gov. If you can't join me live, you can always tweet your questions with #AskMurphy. See you tonight at 6:15pm
Today's New York Times front page piece highlights how the record number of women Senators continue to work together in confronting the issue of sexual assault in the military.
 
 Read the article and watch video of Claire talking about this important issue here: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/03/us/women-in-the-senate-gain-strength-in-rising-numbers.html?_r=1&
Gayle and I are deeply saddened to hear that our dear friend Frank Lautenberg has passed away and we join all West Virginians in keeping his wife, Bonnie, and his entire family in our hearts and prayers as they go through this difficult time.   http://1.usa.gov/18N92q7
Manchin's Message from the Hill to the Mountains:   In Government We Distrust  Before the popularity of credit and debit cards, I often saw the same sign in Mom-and-Pop stores all across West Virginia: “In God we trust. All others pay cash.”  It was a good way to do business then, but the sign almost always made me laugh.  Of course, what made it funny was the fact that the motto “In God We Trust” was prominently displayed on all our money – well, at least starting in 1956 when Congress and President Eisenhower made it the law.  Ironically, back then, the American people also trusted their government.  In fact, in one poll in 1958, 73 percent of Americans said they trusted the government in Washington to do what was right “most of the time” or “just about always.”  Not anymore.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/ZHRoAZ
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 17 - Brooke  Fact: The town of Bethany is home to 2 of WV’s 15 National Historic Landmarks – the Campbell Mansion and Bethany College’s Old Main  Tourism: Take your family to Brooke Hills Park for many activities including fishing, swimming, golf, picnic shelters, outdoor games, hiking http://www.brookehillspark.com/
Today my heart is heavy. The senior Senator from New Jersey and my dear friend, Frank Lautenberg, died this morning. Few people have contributed as much to our nation and to the United States Senate as Frank Lautenberg. He was the last World War II veteran left serving in the Senate, and his death is a great loss for this institution. He was a champion for many important legislative successes in the areas of public health and safety, environmental protection, and transportation. My thoughts are with his family and his wife Bonnie during this difficult time.
After repeatedly pushing the VA to expand veterans healthcare in New Hampshire’s North Country, Senator Shaheen today welcomed the news that the VA will begin meeting with health care providers in the Colebrook area to discuss establishing a part-time VA clinic there.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen spoke at Nashua Community College this morning to announce the launch of the Senate STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) Education and Workforce Caucus and discuss her legislation to support STEM education in schools across the country. Shaheen is a co-chair of the Senate STEM caucus, a bipartisan coalition of senators focused on raising awareness on STEM education and advancing STEM opportunities to help maintain America’s competitive edge in the global economy. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/11h3YCy
With today marking the fourth anniversary of New Hampshire's Freedom to Marry law, Senator Shaheen took the opportunity to reiterate her call to support national equality and repeal discriminatory policies like DOMA:   “I’m proud to celebrate the fourth anniversary of marriage equality in New Hampshire. New Hampshire’s leadership on this issue should serve as a model for the entire country. Equality and freedom are two of our country’s most important principles and we have a moral obligation to make sure all Americans are treated equally and fairly. We need to repeal discriminatory laws like the Defense of Marriage Act because they wrongfully deny LGBT Americans equal treatment under the law, and we need to make sure all Americans have the freedom to marry the person they love.” - JS
“I am deeply saddened by New Jersey Senator Frank Lautenberg's passing. Senator Lautenberg lived an incredible life of public service dedicated to making life better for the people of his state and of our country. In serving our county both on the battlefield and in the U.S. Senate, he brought a leadership and vision that will be sorely missed and never forgotten. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends.”  - JS
Today, we lost a friend and colleague in the United States Senate, Frank Lautenberg. Senator Lautenberg was a WWII hero and progressive voice in the United States Senate who not only fought for the people of New Jersey, but for Americans everywhere.  Whether it was working to ensure universal access to affordable health care, or continuing his efforts to push for legislation that would keep guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals by casting one of his last votes on universal background checks while in a wheelchair, Lautenberg dedicated his life to fighting for working families across the country.  My thoughts and prayers are with the Senator’s family and close friends during this difficult time.  He will be greatly missed.
Speaking to 200 future Montana leaders at Girls State this weekend in Helena.
As the Tres Lagunas fire near Pecos and the Thompson Ridge fire near Jemez Springs continue to burn, I am doing everything I can to help our firefighting personnel and officials on the ground. I have been in contact with local leaders in both communities to monitor the efforts being made on both fires, and I will continue to keep a close eye on the situation to make sure our officials and residents have the support they need. In the meantime, go to my website below for a few resources to help stay informed and stay safe.
I congratulate V.O.I.C.E.  Virginians Organized for Interfaith Community Engagement for its success in securing significant commitments from leading banks in order to begin fixing some of the mess left behind from exploitative lending practices in Prince William County leading up to 2008. We know that Prince William and surrounding communities were among the hardest hit in Virginia. VOICE and other faith community leaders have worked tirelessly to help families while holding banks responsible for their prior bad actions. VOICE’s revitalization plan will assist residents who found themselves guided into mortgage contracts that should never have been available to them in the first place and will help stabilize the community for the long term.
