Unbelievable. Columnist George Will doubled down on his out-of-touch views saying “improper touching…it’s not sexual assault.” His comments attempt to discredit the many victims of sexual assault on college campuses throughout this country. Watch and share. http://j.mp/UolKac
Sign this #ForLori. Tell Congress you want action on reducing domestic gun violence: http://j.mp/1m3AR3k
Unveiling a plan to expand the benefits of the Promise Zone areas in West Philadelphia and across the country.
Congratulations to all the Hoosier athletes who participated in the 2014 Special Olympics. #2014USAGAMES
Great meeting this week with Adm. Cecil Haney, commander of U.S. Strategic Command, about nuclear deterrence and disarmament.
I agree with the Department of Justice. It’s time to repeal DOMA and ensure equality for all marriages.
On World Refugee Day, let’s remember the daily suffering faced by millions of refugees and renew our vow to help them. 
Today in Fargo I introduced my bill to better prepare emergency personnel in North Dakota and across the country with responding to potential incidents, such as derailments of trains carrying materials like crude oil. Since the Casselton accident last December, I have taken a holistic approach to understand what happened, and what changes can be made to make sure North Dakota communities are safe. This bill is about reinforcing that safety is our top priority – an issue I know very well after having a father who served as the volunteer fire chief in Mantador. http://1.usa.gov/1rhcAHz
My Fargo intern, Mohy Omer, is an incredible example of the hard work and dedication of refugees across our country. When he was a child, Mohy left his family and fled his home country of North Sudan as a violent civil war broke out. He spent time going to different refugee camps before finding his way to the United States 5 years ago where he has since graduated from North Dakota State University in May and is hoping to attend graduate school soon. Mohy has lived through unimaginable realities, but he has overcome those obstacles and lept at opportunities to create a successful life for himself. I’m incredibly proud to have him working with my team in Fargo. #WRD2014
The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced $8 million in incentive funding for farmers and ranchers in five Midwestern states, including North Dakota, who create new habitats for honey bee populations. The comprehensive Farm Bill, that I fought to pass earlier this year, included support for programs to make sure our honey bee populations thrive. 
The Bismarck Airport received $3 million in federal funds to help address a major safety issue caused by the nearby wetlands. As the demand for air travel increases, it’s critical that we do all that we can to maintain safety for passengers and protect the surrounding areas, and that’s exactly what these funds will do. I’ll continue to push for resources to support North Dakota’s aviation needs. 
I just announced legislation in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that would make it U.S. policy to help 50 million people receive access to electricity for the 1st time in sub-Saharan Africa.  This would be a great way to help create American export jobs & stimulate economic growth in Africa.
Looking forward to my town hall tonight to talk about the ongoing crisis in Iraq. I want to hear your thoughts on what the United States' response should be. Hope you'll stop by the West Hartford Town Hall tonight at 6:30pm. https://m.facebook.com/events/735557869818870/?ref_newsfeed_story_type=regular
I'm hosting an open town hall meeting on Friday to hear from you about the ongoing crisis in Iraq. I want to know what your thoughts are on this situation and what you think the federal government should do next.  I hope you'll stop by to share your thoughts or ask me your questions. See you soon. https://www.facebook.com/events/735557869818870/
I’ve travelled around Connecticut and have heard from investors and entrepreneurs alike that the most important thing we can do to create new startup jobs is to make it easier for angel investors to put capital behind these nascent companies. That's why I introduced the bipartisan HALOS Act today. My bill will allow angels to more easily invest in startups at a demo day, which is one of the best opportunities these companies have to showcase their business.  The bottom line is that we should be doing everything we can to support small businesses in this country, especially those with high-growth potential. I'm proud to introduce this bill and will push for its passage.
As graduation season comes to a close - congrats to all of Oregon’s 2014 graduates! I was honored to be at Clatsop Community College, Mt. Hood Community College, and Lane Community College last weekend to celebrate with the Class of 2014 and their proud parents, family and friends. These grads have taken a huge step toward seizing the American Dream.
Happy 151st Birthday West Virginia. Today, I encourage all West Virginians to celebrate our fascinating history, rich culture, strong traditions along with the kind and compassionate people who call the Mountain State their home. God bless the great state of West Virginia!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rq5QKaeu2dg&list=UUGyPK_ye2ptpzQgOjKIn7ag
Celebrating the christening of Engine 13, a new foam pumper truck to help protect Providence and the surrounding area from marine and petro-chemical fires and other industrial emergencies.  I am pleased to have helped secure federal funding for this public safety investment.
Today we celebrate World Refugee Day.  I’m proud RI welcomes refugees and helps them adjust to life in the U.S. #wrd2014
Congrats to 12 year old Kinnan Dowie for winning the First Lady's Healthy Lunchtime Challenge!  Kinnan will represent Rhode Island at a Kids’ “State Dinner” at the White House hosted by Mrs. Obama on July 18th.  His winning recipe - Mediterranean Kebab Wrap with Cilantro Tabbouleh – sounds delicious and nutritious!   http://eatdrinkri.com/2014/06/20/news-bites-rhode-island-boys-recipe-wins-white-house-state-dinner-invitation-senator-reed-summer-food-service-program-amos-house-lunch-series-cooking-classes/ 
According to the Nevada State Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation, the Nevada unemployment rate dropped to 7.9%. This is the lowest unemployment level in nearly 6 years.  Nevada is on the right track toward a full economic recovery. In order to continue down this path, we must invest in fiscal policies that will ensure job creation, and spark economic activity—like investing in transportation, and other infrastructure projects that will revitalize communities throughout the Silver State.  I hope Republicans will join Senate Democrats in supporting the EXPIRE Act, a bill that cuts taxes for homeowners and families, students and teachers, small businesses and large employers. These tax cuts will help sustain this recovery. And I urge my Republican colleagues to join to provide all Americans with a fair shot at economic success, so that everyone will benefit from a faster, fuller economic recovery. We still have much work to do, and as always, I remain committed to support programs that bring federal dollars back to Nevada to ensure our full economic recovery is a reality.
Honored to stand with two of NY's great public servants: Mayor Dinkins & Judge Vernon Broderick at his swearing in today
Calling on EPA to look for potential health dangers at sites in Islip 
Last week, Senator Shaheen, New Hampshire’s Congressional delegation, and the New Hampshire State Society welcomed more than 40 New Hampshire businesses to the fifth annual Experience New Hampshire reception on Capitol Hill. The reception brought together businesses, organizations and policymakers to showcase Granite State small businesses and products.   Watch the video below and read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1poXx0L  http://bit.ly/1psoBud
It's time to pick the winners for our spring #ShowcaseNM photo contest. During the past several weeks New Mexicans from all four corners have been uploading their best pictures to showcase our beautiful state. Vote now by "liking" your favorite photo in the album below, then share it with others. The total number of your "likes" on each will determine the winning photos, which will showcased throughout my website and social media channels for others across the state to see. Good luck and thanks to everyone who participated!
Check out The Daily Show’s take on the hearing I chaired this week on climate change on.cc.com/UmGMWT 
Glad to hear HHS has scrapped plan to place immigrant facility in Brunswick. This was the right call. Collaboration and local support are absolutely key for the success of a project like this.
