It’s unacceptable that more than half a million California students—the most of any state in the nation—who are struggling to put themselves through college are getting hit with a massive rate increase.    Share your student loan story HERE:  http://1.usa.gov/165EkT8  #DontDoubleMyRate
Today I am urging Californians to speak out against the massive hike on student loan interest rates, which doubled from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent on July 1. More than 550,000 students in California are affected by this increase—the most of any state in the nation.   Share your story HERE:  http://1.usa.gov/165EkT8  #DontDoubleMyRate
Health care is a right for all Americans. The Affordable Care Act brings us closer to the goal of universal coverage by extending coverage to over 30 million more Americans.  I would prefer to see implementation move forward as quickly as possible with clear and consistent guidance for all enrollees and employers. But recognizing the need for clarification of the rules, I believe the Administration is demonstrating the necessary flexibility to ensure a smooth rollout of the coverage provisions that should minimize the need to spend taxpayer resources fixing things later. While the employer responsibility requirement will only affect the small percentage of employers with more than 50 workers who do not already provide health insurance to their employees, the one-year delay is an opportunity to find a path forward that works for those employers and their employees.  - Ben
I’m proud to formally announce the winners of the Maryland My Maryland Photo Contest. I received amazing pictures from across the state showcasing our rich environmental, historical and cultural wealth.  From Deep Creek to Assateague and everywhere in between, you sent some of the most impressive scenery anywhere in the United States.   Thank you to everyone who shared a view of their Maryland with the rest of us. I extend special congratulations to the winning photographers:  •	Overall Winner- Ronald Reid- “Thomas Point Shoal Lighthouse” •	 Baltimore Central-Steve Lowther- “Baltimore Skyline from Federal Hill” •	Eastern Shore- Chris Richard – “The Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum” •	National Capital-Jackson Davis- “North Chevy Chase Elementary School Flags”  •	Western Maryland- Pamela Mesite–“Western Maryland Scenic Railroad” •	Southern Maryland- Michael E. Chernesky- “Rt. 5 Bridge over the Patuxent River”
During this challenging period in Egypt’s transition, I urge all parties to refrain from violence in the wake of today’s events.  I am hopeful that the path forward will allow for peaceful political transition under a civilian leadership that leads to an election process that is inclusive, transparent and reflects the will of the Egyptian people.  Elections, however, are but one step in the democratic process – the new transitional authority must engage constructively with all political actors and finally begin the hard work of building democratic institutions that remain severely underdeveloped throughout Egypt.    In April, I traveled to Egypt and saw firsthand the economic and political challenges in the country.  As the largest Arab country, what happens in Egypt matters for the rest of the Middle East. Democratic reform will take time following years of autocratic rule by Mubarak and democratic backsliding in recent years.  During this tenuous period, the U.S. should be vigilant in support of the democratic process, a free and open press and minority rights in the country.  With responsible leadership, a constructive opposition, and vibrant dialogue among all political actors, Egypt can once again emerge as a genuine leader in the region and a valued partner of the United States.
As we approach July 4th it’s important to remember that there are far too many children in Northeastern Pennsylvania and across the country who are hungry. This is a program that can help children get the food they need during the summer months when school is out. Too many parents are missing out on this program. We need to raise awareness about it so that every child eligible for summer meals can get them. http://1.usa.gov/12dP1ke
After visiting Fishers and Terre Haute, Joe wrapped up the second and final day of his tour. Senator Donnelly met with employers and educators who are in need of a better definition of and clarity on “full-time employee” in the Affordable Care Act and discussed his efforts that would help address this challenge facing Hoosier businesses and their employees. This was his fifth tour across Indiana since being sworn in as U.S. Senator.
"I am pleased that the U.S. Department of the Treasury announced they will be implementing what Senator Collins and I asked for last month: transition relief, free of penalty, for employers as they work to understand what health care reform means for their businesses and as we work to make common sense improvements. A year of transition allows us to work on improving the law to make it work better, such as the proposal Senator Collins and I introduced to redefine 'full-time' as 40 hours a week." – Senator Joe Donnelly
Improving access to health care for children in New Mexico will ensure they get the care they need and lay the foundation for a healthy life. We must do all we can to improve the health and wellbeing of our state's children, and one way to do that is by improving families' access to affordable health care.
In #Fargo, I heard about a #veterans' issue that has never been brought to my attention. That is why I'm on this tour.
I applaud the Administration for delaying this health reform requirement until it is workable for #NorthDakota businesses.
In #GrandForks, hearing about the need for all of us to do more to support our #veterans. We need to do this every day -- not just this time of year.
I get some of the best advice at places like Granny's in #Grafton, #NorthDakota.
At Middlesex Community College to discuss the impact of the student loan rate hike with Senator Blumenthal, Congressman Joe Courtney & Mayor Dan Drew. Congress needs to stop playing games and pass legislation to lower Stafford loan rates.
My statement on the latest in the run-up to trade talks between the US and the EU:
With State Senator Duff at the Norwalk Stop and Shop to hear what's on people's minds.
Yesterday, Claire visited the Springfield Transportation Management Center where she previewed bipartisan legislation she plans to introduce to cut red tape and improve the permitting process for big infrastructure projects. She also highlighted the recent failure of the Missouri State Legislature to address the state’s infrastructure needs.
NA
July 3, 1863: The Battle of Gettysburg turned the tide of the Civil War. And West Virginians helped make that possible. On the 150th anniversary, we remember the brave soldiers, including the 11 West Virginians who died and the 47 who were wounded, who fought so that all Americans could enjoy freedom.   http://1.usa.gov/12gMref
Joined top officials from the Rhode Island Department of Health, the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management, and the Bristol Department of Parks and Recreation to discuss new data showing Rhode Island's beach water quality improving. Healthy beach water is essential to our local economy, environment and public health.
Flood watches are still in effect across the Granite State. Be sure to take necessary precautions and please do not hesitate to contact my office if there is anything we can do to assist those affected. 
NA
Thanks for everyone's well wishes and prayers about my cousin Randy. Officials are searching hard - I appreciate their efforts and your support very much.
Touring Cimarron Solar in Colfax County to talk about how New Mexico can be a model for the country in renewable energy development.
Visiting Main Street business Solano's Boot & Western Wear in Raton.
Visiting Main Street business Sports Arena before hosting a rural development roundtable with local leaders on workforce training, infrastructure and housing needs.
As of July 1st, some student loan rates have doubled - and that affects the 42,154 Rhode Islanders who have these loans. I'm working with Senator Jack Reed
  to freeze the subsidized Stafford Student Loan rate and retroactively apply the 3.4% rate back to July 1st. Our GOP colleagues have put forth a dangerous alternative. 
 Help make sure people know the difference, use the SHARE button to make sure people see the chart below.
