Calling all Nutmeggers in DC and surrounding areas: Senator Chris Murphy and I will be hosting a constituent coffee tomorrow, September 16 from 8:30-9:30 AM.  If interested, RSVP to constituentcoffee@blumenthal.senate.gov!
Today the Senate will vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act—a bill that builds on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act by closing loopholes that allow pay discrimination against women to occur.   Women in the U.S. are paid $11,607 less per year than men: that’s equivalent to over 90 weeks of groceries, or even 3,341 gallons of gas.   I’ll vote in favor of this bill tonight, because I support giving a #fairshot to all, and that includes women and families.   What would you do with your $11,607? Share this.
#EqualPay for equal work is not just a women's issue.   Proud to support the #PayCheckFairness Act.
Friday I joined students, teachers and administrators at the Baltimore International Academy, one of the most unique Baltimore City Public Schools. BIA offers foreign language immersion classes that prepare students for a competitive and rigorous secondary and collegiate academic career by offering instruction in #Spanish, #Chinese, #Arabic, #Russian and #French.   As Chair of the U.S. Helsinki Commission and a member of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , I know that foreign language skills open the door to a whole world of career opportunities. To see the foundation for success being built here for so many of #Baltimore’s young people was truly impressive.
Thanks to Councilman  James B. Kraft and the Baltimore City Council for making a stand for #CleanWater.    "Monday night, the Baltimore City Council unanimously passed a resolution in support of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and US Army  Corps of Engineers (Corps) proposal to clarify protection of streams and wetlands under the Clean Water Act."  Via. Clean Water Action
NA
Today, we had a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on #DCStatehood. DC is not just a collection of government offices, monuments and museums. It is home to a little more than 632,000 people –more than both Wyoming and Vermont. These residents pay over $20 billion in federal taxes.   Yet when it comes to having a voice in Congress, these men and women do not count. 
This weekend’s ambush killing of Corporal Bryon Dickson took the life of a loving husband and father, an honored Marine and a brave State Trooper. There are no words to describe the pain that this shameful act has caused to the Dickson family and to fellow State Trooper Alex T. Douglass. My office has been in touch with federal, state and local officials involved in the search for a suspect and will continue to monitor the situation closely. I have confidence in the work our law enforcement is doing to apprehend the assailant. The killer must be prosecuted and punished to the full extent of the law.
September is Food Safety Month! About 1 in 6 Americans could suffer from foodborne illness this year (CDC). U.S. Department of Agriculture and FoodSafety.gov are hosting a food safety webinar on Wednesday, September 17th.  Webinar will begin at noon EDT. Participants will hear from food safety experts explain common mistakes made in the kitchen and how you can keep your family foodborne illness free. You can register at http://go.usa.gov/mFMx
For the second time this year, Republicans in the Senate have stopped the #PaycheckFairness Act from advancing, obstructing a raise for the hard-working women in Illinois who deserve it.  Today’s vote makes clear one thing: the Senate #GOP will protect a millionaire’s salary rather than make sure a woman is paid her fair share.
Today, we mark the beginning of Hispanic Heritage Month and celebrate the achievements and immeasurable contributions that Hispanic-Americans make every day to shape and enrich our nation. From serving in our Armed Forces, to starting businesses that strengthen our economy, to fighting for civil rights, the Hispanic community helps build a stronger, more resilient America. In New Mexico, we're proud of our Hispanic culture and heritage and all that this community has contributed to our state's rich history.   I remain deeply committed to addressing the issues that matter most to Hispanics in our state -- such as investing in early childhood education, gaining access to quality health care services, raising the minimum wage, ensuring equal pay for equal work, making college more affordable, and fixing our broken immigration system once and for all. I am proud to be a partner of New Mexico's Hispanic community in the Senate, and look forward to working together to build a better New Mexico.
Most working women today will not see equal pay during their working lives. We need to fix this and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.
Learn more about my new Strong and Safe Communities Initiative that includes a task force made up of community leaders across the state in this KMOT story. Together we will make sure the focus remains on keeping North Dakota families safe and communities strong. 
ICYMI – I was joined by Hess Corporation CEO John Hess as I guest co-hosted CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning to discuss the importance of opening up crude oil exports. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lSBNoh1SsU&feature=youtu.be 
NA
Celebrating $14.4 million for downtown Waterbury today. This U.S. Department of Transportation funding will make sense of the dizzying networks of roads and mass transit in the city. I was proud to fight for this funding with Mayor O'Leary, Congresswoman Esty, Governor Malloy, Congresswoman DeLauro and Senator Blumenthal, and I can't wait to see this project finally come together.
"Today I recognize a noble Missourian, the spirited and courageous Mrs. Frankie Muse Freeman. Fifty years ago today, the Senate confirmed Mrs. Freeman as President Lyndon B. Johnson’s choice to be the first female Commissioner to serve on the United States Commission on Civil Rights ... By the time President Johnson first nominated Mrs. Freeman to the Civil Rights Commission, she had worked tirelessly to end racial discrimination and secure equality, justice and fairness for every citizen ...To countless residents of my state and across the country, Frankie Muse Freeman is a hero. She is a woman who grew up in Jim Crow-era south when racial segregation was legal ... Frankie is an inspiration to so many Americans, across all racial lines, and to me personally. She is a public servant who my children and grandchildren can look up to. Because of leaders like her, who fought and sacrificed but ultimately believed in our country’s ability to empathize and change, we are all better off and our lives more enriched." -Claire
For the second time this year, Republicans blocked the Senate from giving women the tools they need to ensure they receive the same pay as men for performing the same work.
All you need to do is pick up any newspaper or turn on any television in America to know that we have many miles to travel before women in America are treated fairly.   Unfortunately, there are some in our nation who don’t see a problem.  But when women continue to make less than men for performing the same work, it is clear we still have a problem. I see it. Senate Democrats see it.   Democrats in the United States Senate stand for women’s equality because when women are empowered, we are all empowered. 
NA
Joined Billy Crystal in his hometown of Long Beach where replacing Sandy-damaged trees can prevent soil erosion & mitigate future floods.
Thank you to Sarah Hughes and all the terrific advocates and families who work together to raise awareness not just at the #LymphWalk but everyday.
Scientists and experts agree, flame retardants that are found in everyday products like furniture and certain children’s products are highly dangerous to children across New York, as well as to the firefighters that inhale this toxin when furniture burns and becomes airborne. It is time to listen to those experts and protect our children, which is why I am introducing the first federal legislation to ban the ten most toxic of these chemicals from all furniture and children’s products, and to require that we root out any other dangerous flame retardants that may still be out there. 
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after equal pay legislation was voted down in the Senate 52-40:  “Paying women less than their male counterparts for equal work hurts women, families and the economy in New Hampshire and across the country. Pay discrimination needs to end, and Republicans in the Senate did a serious disservice to working women everywhere by putting politics ahead of doing what's right for the country. I’ll continue to fight for the Paycheck Fairness Act because women and families deserve better.”
I remind interested young Montanans to apply for military academy nominations. Young folks with dedication and commitment to public service are our future.  Click below for more information.
Today was an opportunity for the Senate to finally vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill that would ensure women receive equal pay for equal work. Unfortunately, Senate Republicans did not agree. Equal pay for equal work is a basic principle we should all be able to agree on, but 50 years after we passed the Equal Pay Act, women still make less than men for the same work -- 80 cents for every dollar men make in New Mexico. I've heard from women across our state who say that they need the Paycheck Fairness Act to help them fight for fair and equal pay. I'm disappointed that Senate Republicans again said 'no' to supporting working families and chose to filibuster this bill. New Mexico families will be better off when take-home pay is no longer tied to gender, and I will continue to fight for a solution to pay inequality.
