Today I met with Kathy Kneer, President and CEO of Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California, and leaders from Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California to discuss women’s health care issues.
Tammy believes we need comprehensive immigration reform to fix our broken system. Agree? Sign & Share our petition.
A bittersweet morning with Christopher Murphy and Newtown, Connecticut Middle School as they laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington.
Just Joined MyMaryland.net. Looking forward to hearing from everyone, suggestions, questions and comments are always welcome.
“Sequestration says every priority in government is the same. That is just wrong.”   Washington, DC -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee, took to the floor of the United States Senate this week to continue his call for a replacement of what he calls “mindless across-the-board” sequestration cuts.  He believes we should replace the entire sequester with smarter cuts so we aren’t forced to choose between helping air travelers, children in Head Start, or life-saving research at NIH.  “I have never supported sequestration. I always thought that was a big mistake. These are across-the-board mindless cuts that say every priority in government is identical to the other. That's not the case. They also are not directed where we really need them to reduce the deficit. This is having very damaging impact on the economy of this country.  Our federal work force and the Americans they serve every day deserve more.  “If you had a problem with your family budget and you had to reduce some spending and you had money set aside for your mortgage or rent payment, your family food budget and maybe some money for a weekend trip, you wouldn't cut every category identically. You may give up that weekend trip in order to save the roof over your family's home or put food on table. Sequestration says every priority in government is the same. That is just wrong. And that's why I have said from the beginning, let's replace sequestration.  “It's time for us to take action to do what we were supposed to do: make the tough decisions. Let us consider a way to avoid these mindless across-the-board cuts and substitute it for sensible reductions that we know will not have the same type of unintended consequences on services that are vitally important to our economy and to the people of this country.  We have savings in the Overseas Contingency Accounts for the Department of Defense and we know we can find savings in tax expenditures -- we spend $1.2 trillion a year in tax expenditures.  We have to look at a broader level than just these discretionary spending accounts that are particularly devastated by these sequestration cuts.  I would urge the Senate to find a way that we can replace sequestration for this current fiscal year with more responsible budget savings and then working through the appropriate committees for FY14.”  ###
***Watch LIVE TODAY/Thursday, April 25 at 2:00PM***  U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), Chairman of the East Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee will convene a hearing to examine the objectives of the defense and security elements of the Administration’s “Rebalance to Asia” strategy.  In advance of the Shangri-La dialogue May 31-June 2, the subcommittee will review plans for bilateral and multilateral cooperation, assess our strategy to strengthen alliances and deepen partnerships with emerging powers, and evaluate military-to-military relationships in the EAP region as a as means to securing democracy and rule of law.  Rebalance To Asia II: Security And Defense: Cooperation And Challenges, will be the second in a series of hearings examining different elements of the Administration’s “Rebalance to Asia” policy, which realigns U.S. diplomatic, economic, and military resources toward the Asia Pacific Region to help create a regional set of norms that lead to greater peace, stability and economic growth in Asia.   Witnesses Include: The Honorable Joseph Y. Yun Acting Assistant Secretary  Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs U.S. Department of State  The Honorable David F. Helvey Deputy Assistant Secretary for Defense for East Asia Office of Security and Department of Defense (DOD)  Dr. Janine Davidson Senior Fellow  @CenterforaNewAmericanSecurity  Dr. Michael J. Green Senior Vice President for Asia and Japan Chair @CenterforStrategicandInternationalStudies
Today was Bring Your Child to Work day, which gave me the opportunity to meet a number of great kids! Events like these encourage kids to follow in their parent’s footsteps and work hard in school so they can find a job that they love doing.
At a summit in Washington on Thursday, Senator Coons discussed the significant role Delaware's rural communities have on our state's economy, identity, and values.
Today, Senator Donnelly introduced his first bill, the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2013. Last year, our nation lost more servicemembers to suicide than we lost to combat in Afghanistan. This is unacceptable. This bill would create a pilot program integrating mental health assessments into a servicemember’s Periodic Health Assessment and involving first-line supervisors’ input to better identify risk factors and create a holistic picture of a servicemember’s readiness to serve.
Today I introduced a bill to create a national cage size standard for the humane treatment of egg-laying hens.
Read my statement on Syria and chemical weapons.
Marketplace Fairness passes another hurdle. Consensus is that we should close the loophole that hurts Main Street businesses.
Senate Rural Summit was a success. Raised awareness about many issues important to North Dakotans.
I applaud Gov. Dalrymple & other North Dakota stakeholders for supporting the common-sense Marketplace Fairness Act.
A good step from U.S. Department of Agriculture to address some of the housing issues in North Dakota.
On a panel soon at the Senate Rural Summit. Will discuss infrastructure and access to capital in rural America. Watch:
Can't wait to spend the day discussing agriculture and the Farm Bill at the Senate Rural Summit. Watch live here:
NA
New Haven's 375th birthday celebration began yesterday. Happy Birthday to one of CT's oldest cities! bit.ly/13tvDCH
Proud to invite The Farmer's Cow to join today's Senate Rural Summit. My boys go through 2 gallons/week of the stuff.
Had a great time talking with the Ponus Ridge Middle School 8th graders yesterday in DC!
April marks Sexual Assault Awareness month and this year, Claire took to PolicyMic to help spread the word about combating sexual assault. From her time as an assistant district attorney in Kansas City, to her more recent work on military sexual assault, Claire shared with others why it’s important we continue to protect survivors and hold perpetrators accountable. Take a moment to read and share her thoughts on this important topic.
Video announcement: Join me in counting down the days until West Virginia's 150th birthday celebration.  http://bit.ly/Y7yrqH
Senator Rockefeller and I have reintroduced the EPA Fair Play Act.  For too long the EPA has overreached with its power at the cost of countless American jobs and critical investments. Read more:  http://1.usa.gov/17ZSwRu
Please click on the video link to view a portion of Senator Manchin’s Senate Armed Services Committee hearing:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmM6BZek91A
In today's Armed Services Committee hearing I secured a commitment from the Navy to work together to find a new mission for Sugar Grove.   http://1.usa.gov/ZRj2Fg
I look forward to working alongside fellow West Virginian Sylvia Mathews Burwell as we work on commonsense solutions to control our spending and once again become a fiscally responsible nation.   Yesterday, before Sylvia was confirmed, I spoke on the Senate floor urging her confirmation. Watch here:   http://bit.ly/ZvGwoY
Great meeting with Jessica Waters who is the 2013 Rhode Island Teacher of the Year and teaches 11th grade Chemistry and 12th grade Human Anatomy and Physiology at Beacon Charter High School for the Arts in Woonsocket.
Nevadans are coming together today to support the charities that make Nevada special. I encourage everyone to take part in Nevada’s Big Give:
Great to meet with members of Milford High School's "We the People" program at the U.S. Capitol today!
Senators Shaheen is inviting New Hampshire students interested in attending any of the country’s military service academies to attend New Hampshire Military Service Academy Day on Saturday, May 11, in Concord. The event will feature representatives from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy and the U.S. Coast Guard Academy. They will be available to provide information and answer questions from interested students. For more information, visit http://1.usa.gov/Y6RTE6
Yesterday, Senator Schatz spoke at a hearing on President Obama’s FY 2014 Budget for Tribal Programs. Schatz thanked Kevin Washburn,  Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs at the Department of the Interior,  for supporting Senator Akaka’s bill that achieves parity for Native Hawaiians.  http://www.hawaii247.com/2013/04/24/schatz-praise-for-akaka-bill-support/
Schatz Joins Senate Colleagues in Opposing Cuts to Social Security, Veterans Benefits  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341532
In rural America, it's the little guys who create economic opportunity, and it's our job to make smart investments that lay the groundwork for success: http://1.usa.gov/1805mPM
Rhode Island's Heather Abbott suffered serious injuries at the bombing in Boston last week. Today, post-amputation, Heather spoke to the press about the road ahead and inspired all of us with her amazing, positive attitude. We're rooting for you Heather!
Social Security cost-of-living-adjustments (COLA) already shorthchange our seniors. Chained CPI would only make COLA adjustments worse.  I've teamed up with Senator Harkin & Senator Sanders to introduce legislation opposing the Chained CPI proposal that would cut benefits for disabled veterans and seniors on Social Security.  http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/whitehouse-cosponsors-resolution-opposing-cuts-to-social-security
“We all know how important coal has been and will continue to be to the economy of Southwest Virginia. Although miner health and safety continue to improve, these issues are still of great importance,” Senator told attendees of UVA Wise’s Miner Health and Safety Symposium.  “We need to keep mines safe and environmentally sound, but not without considering the impact on what is an important source of energy and jobs.” (Staff)
Since you're asking: Members of Congress & staff should NOT be exempt from Affordable Care Act rules applying to anyone covered thru their employer.
