Let’s stop the #GameofLoans for our students. Share this if you agree: we need to pass the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act and let current borrowers refinance their loans at more affordable rates.
This weekend I had the honor of attending a Daisy Girl Scout Memorial Dedication for eight students who were Daisy Girl Scouts killed in the shootings at Sandy Hook. Alexis Volpe, a freshman at Middletown High School, created the memorial for her friends.   It’s so moving that a young student would choose to memorialize her friends in this way—and saddening she needs to do so at all.   "They shouldn't be remembered in a negative way," Volpe said. "We should remember the good things that happened in their lives." http://j.mp/1hTFJ5H
NA
I agree with Sec. Moniz and Admin. McCarthy on the need for investing in cleaner energy technologies and cyber-secure, weather resilient infrastructure that will both protect our environment and grow our economy.  Watch The State of Our Climate chat here: http://bit.ly/1jZKKOL
Pennsylvania’s locks and dams play a vital role in creating and sustaining jobs and supporting economic growth throughout the country. In Southwestern Pennsylvania alone, over 200,000 jobs rely on the proper functioning of the dams on the lower Monongahela River. I’m calling on Congress to pass WRRDA, which will create jobs, grow our economy and make vital upgrades to the region’s aging locks and dams.
I’m calling on Congress to pass #WRRDA, which will create jobs, grow our economy and make vital upgrades to the region’s aging locks and dams.
We must enforce our trade laws and level the playing field for our domestic steel industry.
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Kathy from Middletown about bringing manufacturing jobs back to Delaware.
Monday's job fair at the Rehoboth Beach Convention Center is from 10 to 2. More than 70 employers will be there hiring for more than 800 jobs! Please share this to help your friends looking for work!
Pictured here are two of the young DREAMers currently enrolled at Phoenix Military Academy in Chicago, as well as other witnesses. I was fortunate enough to hear their stories and desire to serve the country they love so much. Allowing them to enlist in the armed forces will build a stronger, more inclusive, military, and is another reason why the House should pass comprehensive immigration reform. I am confident that Dreamers will soon have the chance to serve honorably in the armed forces. On that day America will be a stronger and better country.
The efforts by those fighting the San Diego County fires are greatly appreciated.
I met today with members of the California Farm Bureau to discuss how to address the ongoing drought and other issues.
Great News! Thanks to the local community’s tremendous grassroots efforts over the last decade, the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks will soon be designated New Mexico’s newest national monument. 
Thank you to the U.S. Forest Service and all the wildland firefighters working on the Signal Fire.
This Wednesday at 6:00pm CT, join my Facebook Q&A where I'll answer your questions about rising student loan debt and what we can do to make getting a higher education more affordable for students and families. Come back to my Facebook page on Wednesday to ask a question. More info below. 
In a meeting with the U.S. Department of Justice Associate Attorney General to the U.S. Tony West, I pushed for law enforcement and judicial improvements in Indian Country. West overseas the DOJ’s national Task Force on American Indian/Alaska Native Children Exposed to Violence, and I spoke at the first meeting in Bismarck last December. The Task Force’s report combined with my Commission on Native Children bill could go a long way to making sure Native families get the resources they need. http://1.usa.gov/1gHRPUR
Congratulations to all the high school and college graduates across North Dakota. To celebrate your accomplishments and highlight the ambitious students we have in North Dakota, I want to share your best cap and gown photos on my Facebook and Twitter pages. Share your photo on Twitter by including @SenatorHeitkamp, your school name and town and send your photo to press@heitkamp.senate.gov to be uploaded to my Facebook page. Looking forward to seeing your best cap and gown photos.
North Dakota farmers are battling yet another wet spring, with almost all of our corn growers’ crops still not in the ground. Today I called on the U.S. Department of Agriculture to delay the final crop insurance planting deadline for corn growers in North Dakota to provide our hardworking farmers with some more time to make their very consequential decisions, and potentially save USDA money with less of them using the prevented plant claims in the crop insurance program.  I have spent a lot of time discussing this issue with our producers, and am confident it is in all of our best interests to push this deadline back. I hope USDA agrees.  
This week, members of my staff, Chris Collins and Gwen Mason, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Amherst County & Fishersville. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
Great to be on with Chaz and AJ this morning. Thanks for having me on the show
Claire’s first in her series of public Campus Sexual Assault roundtable discussions has just gotten underway. Watch live: http://cs.pn/1jwehR2
Today is a momentous day in Oregon’s fight for equality. Lifetime love and commitment should be celebrated and honored, not relegated to second-class status.  Read more: http://www.merkley.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=085e599a-96ea-452b-819e-15ea807b0ac8 
Visited Westerly today to announce nearly $1 million in federal funds that have been secured to clean up and restore Winnapaug Pond after it was filled with sediment during Superstorm Sandy.  http://www.providencejournal.com/breaking-news/content/20140519-1-million-awarded-for-sandy-related-dredging-in-westerly.ece
Jackie Robinson’s home on Tilden Ave should be preserved as a NYC landmark. Working with Jumaane Williams and U.S. Rep. Yvette D. Clarke to designate this historic attraction in East Flatbush:
NA
This weekend, Senator Schatz helped reaffirm the new officers of the Ilocos Surian Association of Hawaii and joined them in celebrating the rich history and vibrant culture of the Ilocano community.
The crisis with our climate requires leaders and advocates to join together to build and sustain solutions to save the world’s oceans.  Senator Schatz joined the Polynesian Voyaging Society at its Oahu Departure Event on Saturday to send off the canoes and crews of the Hōkūle‘a and Hikianalia at the Marine Education and Training Center, in Sand Island.  Senator Schatz also entered an official statement into the U.S. Senate Record honoring the Polynesian Voyaging Society’s monumental, worldwide journey.  “For 40 years, the Polynesian Voyaging Society has perpetuated the art and science of traditional Polynesian voyaging. The worldwide voyage of the Hōkūle‘a carries the message that the ocean connects all of us.  Godspeed to all of the crew members throughout this four-year-long journey as they carry the hopes, aspirations and dreams of millions of people who are united in a community that is defined not by geographical or political borders, but by our core values of aloha and mālama to care for each other and the land and ocean that sustain us.” – BES 
Great op/ed in Sunday’s Richmond Times-Dispatch from Virginia’s faith leaders urging Virginians to stand against Boko Haram to #bringbackourgirls. Sign this online petition to world leaders demanding a coordinated worldwide response 1.usa.gov/1p6p97u 
