I want to thank Kate Weber, an Army veteran and mother of four from San Francisco, for her courage in speaking out about the horrific abuse she suffered at the hands of her fellow soldiers. We owe it to Kate and all the other survivors of military sexual assault to end the decades of empty promises and fix our broken military justice system.
***Update*** Despite being unanimously awarded the highest possible peer rating from the American Bar Association, despite a 27% vacancy rate on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and despite not a single Republican voicing opposition to Judge Wilkins—he was the latest victim of a filibuster.   Judge Robert L. Wilkins has been nominated for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which is often referred to as the nation's second highest court due to the importance of its caseload. The Court has an over 25% vacancy rate, so the Senate should act quickly to fill these critical seats. The Senate unanimously confirmed Judge Wilkins in 2010 for his current position. I hope that the full Senate will vote to confirm Judge Wilkins- an extremely qualified nominee with a strong legal mind and a solid track record of administering justice.
Ben- 150 years later what does the Gettysburg Address mean to you?
Ben is chairing U.S. #Senate Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs hearing "Assessing the Response to Typhoon Yolanda/#Haiyan"  Watch live here
NA
Disappointed that Judge Wilkins was #filibustered in the Senate today. Non controversial , well respected and accomplished -Senate Republicans refused to allow a straight up down vote. What's telling  is that they know he's qualified. Not a single Republican went to the floor to voice a concern, he was blocked simply because President Obama nominated him. Troubling that so many qualified women and minorities are being victimized by #GOP obstruction.
Yesterday I chaired a hearing on #Bitcoin and the potential – positive and negative – for virtual currencies.  I’m still not an expert, but I learned a lot yesterday and I’m excited to learn how government can help this new technology grow responsibly. Click below to see more from yesterday’s hearing.
Today, we celebrate the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address. I’m happy to join folks across the country in reciting one of the most important speeches in our nation’s history for an upcoming PBS documentary by Ken Burns, “The Address.”
As we commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, we are reminded of how much we owe to those who have given “the last full measure of devotion.” As President Lincoln so poignantly noted, it is our job to provide meaning and purpose to their sacrifice. May we take this opportunity to reflect as a nation on those who have gone before us. And, may we recommit ourselves to the cause of freedom and of government of the people, by the people and for the people. #GettysburgAddress
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
 
 Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.
 
 But, in a larger sense, we cannot dedicate—we cannot consecrate—we cannot hallow—this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they here gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] – Following a phone call with Director of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency, Jonathon Monken, to receive an update on the devastating storms that hit Central and Southern Illinois, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) said on the floor of the U.S. Senate that the resulting widespread damage that will require coordinated local, state, and federal resources to address.
My thanks to Mayor Reed and the City of San Jose for hosting the new Patent and Trade Silicon Valley satellite office in San Jose City Hall. Opening this office in the middle of Silicon Valley, the highest patent-producing area in the country, was the logical choice.
For the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address, Senator Hoeven and I recited this famous speech. The Gettysburg Address was about bringing our nation together and working across the aisle – which we should always remember and strive for.
Today Senator Susan Collins (R-Maine) and I led a group of bipartisan Senate women in saying enough is enough! It's time to end military sexual assault.  We, the women of the Senate, all of us, agree on the goals. We want to be able to provide prosecutorial tours for punishment. We want to ensure fairness in the process. And we want to make sure we get help to the victims. The National Defense Authorization Act has more than 30 reforms in it to accomplish that. We are ready to reform, revise and standardize how the military deals with these problems.
Sexual assault in our military is a compelling national problem. When you join the military and you face the enemy, you shouldn’t have to fear the enemy within. No woman should be a victim of rape by a fellow soldier or seaman or corpsman. No man should face the same sexual attack and call it hazing. There is no place in the United States military for violence against one member of the military by another.
My amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act requires the Department of Defense to prioritize US jobs when awarding manufacturing contracts. 
 
 http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-files-american-jobs-matter-act-as-amendment-to-ndaa-urges-action-to-keep-manufacturing-jobs-in-united-states
"It's very important that we not lose sight that this isn't about a bumper sticker, it isn't about one side versus the other. This is about doing the very best job we can on the policy so that we can protect victims, prosecute offenders and get them out of our military. That's what this is about, and with every fiber of my being, I believe we are going to accomplish that with the reforms that we're embracing." - Claire on historic military sexual assault reforms.
Today marks the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address. Let us remember the 157,289 soldiers of the Union and the Confederacy who met in Gettysburg and made the sacrifice that ultimately determined the future of our great nation.  To honor the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, I encourage all West Virginians to participate in this project:   http://www.learntheaddress.org/
Wrote the #StateDepartment: Iran must abandon the pursuit of nuclear weapons if sanctions are to be lessened:
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen was joined by a bipartisan group of senators, former generals, survivors of sexual assault and survivors advocates to call for the passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act, a bill that would reform the way the military prosecutes sexual assaults. To read more click here: http://1.usa.gov/1fSXnam
Reminder: Senator Shaheen’s staff will hold office hours tomorrow in Salem from 11:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. and Thursday in Windham from 11:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. and in Pelham from 1:00 p.m.-2:00 p.m. These office hours will give staff an opportunity to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security. For more information click here: http://1.usa.gov/18llLzC
In case you missed it: Senator Shaheen and John McCain on their work to fix the Special Immigrant Visa program to honor our promise to Iraqi and Afghans who served alongside our troops. Watch the CNN story here: http://cnn.it/17Ij0Vt
Every week when the Senate is in session, Senator Schatz co-hosts a Tuesday Talk Story to meet with Hawai‘i families and listen to their concerns and priorities.  Today, Senator Schatz met with educators and families from across Hawai‘i and discussed the U.S. Government’s response to Typhoon Yolanda in the Philippines and what he’s doing in the Senate to improve education and expand early childhood education.  Here the Senator is pictured with the Yamashita family, including baby Keolinohokai, from Moloka‘i.
Senator Schatz was invited as a special guest by Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee Chairman Ben Cardin to join a hearing to assess the U.S. Government’s relief response to the devastation Typhoon Yolanda caused in the Philippines.  The hearing included important updates from USAID officials and was attended by Philippine Ambassador Jose Cuisia, Jr.
Veterans health care took a big step forward today when the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee approved my legislation to expand access to care in rural America.  All veterans earned access to quality health care - including mental health care - and I will keep fighting to make sure they get the care and benefits they need no matter where they live. http://1.usa.gov/17JI8jT
We were told by our GOP colleagues that they would only filibuster judicial nominees under "extraordinary circumstances."  After yet another filibuster - this time for a candidate that the Senate once approved unanimously for a lower court - I want to be clear: being nominated by the President does not qualify as an "extraordinary circumstance."
This morning’s news from Bath County is just so heartbreaking. Senator Creigh Deeds has served his constituents and the Commonwealth with dedication and honor, and all of us are praying for him and his family at a tragic and very difficult time.
Pleased to co-host a reception last night honoring former AP veterans Bob Lewis & Dena Potter. Great turnout, lots of fun visiting with good friends and colleagues in Richmond.  (Photo courtesy of AP's Steve Helber)
