Surely we can do better than hurt our most vulnerable children as we aim to restore benefits to our veterans.
Tammy turns 52 today! To celebrate, we thought we'd share a photo of her on her birthday when she was a little girl. That's her in the back ready to blow out her candles -- all dressed up with her friends and all with bows in their hair, thanks to her grandmother's artistic touch.   Help us wish Tammy a happy birthday by sharing this post with your family & friends!
Very proud to receive a perfect score from the League of Conservation Voters. I will continue to to defend and advance environmental issues in Maryland and across the United States.  http://scorecard.lcv.org/  
I have long believed that we can protect our environment and public health and grow our economy and I’ve voted accordingly to help Delaware and our nation.  I am proud that the League of Conservation Voters recognized my commitment to a clean, healthy environment.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. 7 high schools in northern Indiana have partnered up with Ivy Tech to offer students the opportunity to earn college degrees by the time they receive their high school diplomas. The program will allow students to save substantially on tuition costs.
Joe met with the Indiana Skills2Compete Coalition this morning to talk about the importance of closing the skills gap so more Hoosiers have the skills and training they need to get good-paying jobs across our state.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends.  Auto parts supplier Shiloh Die Cast Midwest will expand two of its northern Indiana plants, creating an estimated 145 new jobs by 2018.  Shiloh will invest $7.8 million to renovate and equip a 120,000 square-foot plant in Auburn and a 100,000 square-foot plant in Pierceton.  
I introduced a bill today that provides sensible and levelheaded assistance to drought stricken areas.
Today, Senator Hoeven and I sat down with BNSF Railway Executive Director Matt Rose and senior officials of American Crystal Sugar and Farmers Union to discuss ways to resolve shipping delays for agriculture products and sugar. BNSF committed to making large investments in resources in North Dakota to address the state’s growing needs. We also called on BNSF to make sure Amtrak customers have a reliable schedule and reasonable service in the state. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8c74430b-3ba9-47b8-b113-6c754b1bebd3
Talked about law enforcement issues and legislative priorities with North Dakota Fraternal Order of the Police President Grant Benjamin from Fargo, and Secretary Kevin Huber from Bismarck.
Today I met with North Dakotans from the ND Rural Water Association to talk about their upcoming projects - it’s always great to see friendly North Dakotans.
Looking forward to holding my first Facebook Q&A on Thursday about my efforts to build an all-of-the-above energy strategy in North Dakota and the U.S. Go to my Facebook page this Thursday, February 13 at 6:00pm CT to ask your question and follow along. I’ll answer North Dakotans’ questions about energy, including finding a viable path forward for coal, the need to build the Keystone XL pipeline, and the importance for North Dakota to continue to harness our energy resources. And don’t forget to “like” my Facebook page to receive updates.
Today I met with Assistant Secreatry of the Army, Jo-Ellen Darcy and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to talk about North Dakota’s priorities in the coming year.
I have heard concerns from folks all across North Dakota about their postal service and I’m committed to finding real solutions that protect rural communities, hold the U.S. Postal Service accountable, and make sure rural areas experience the same service standards as urban areas. Today, I spoke at the National League of Postmasters Legislative Form to talk about the postal reform bill, and what key provisions I’m fighting for to stand up for rural post offices and service. , I’m also asking North Dakotans to continue to share their mail concerns on my Fix My Mail webpage: http://1.usa.gov/1ocouSA. I’ll submit these stories to USPS and the Government Accountability Office to make sure they understand the problems in our state.
NA
Please take a moment to view this WPRI news story, which looks beyond statistics to the faces of unemployment in Rhode Island and the urgent need for Congress to renew unemployment insurance (UI).  It has been 45 days since 1.3 million Americans had their UI cut by partisan obstruction. Later today, that number will rise to 1.8 million American jobseekers -- including about 7,000 Rhode Islanders -- and it will continue to climb higher every day until Congress takes action.  http://wpri.com/2014/02/10/rhode-islands-faces-of-unemployment/
Speaking today and supporting a safer internet for our kids everyday. #SID2014
This afternoon Senator Shaheen introduced an amendment that would pay for reversing a military retiree COLA reduction by closing an offshore tax loophole. Read more here:  http://1.usa.gov/1ogvE8y 
The Peace Corps announced today that the University of Montana is one of the top colleges nationwide for sending graduates overseas to serve as volunteers.  Join me in thanking the Griz in the Peace Corps for their service and for making the world a better place.
Join me today in supporting Safer Internet Day to set a good example for children and encourage everyone to talk about ways they can prevent cyber-bullying. I hope all of us - government officials, parents, teachers and student leaders - will recommit ourselves to making safer spaces for youth online. We can do this by making our own online communications more positive while encouraging kids to do the same.   To learn more about the day visit http://saferinternetday.us/ or click below for some excellent resources on navigating the online world with your kids. Please help me share it and spread the word to others that bullying has no place in New Mexico, online or offline.
Yesterday, I was glad to vote take a first procedural vote for a bill to reverse the cut to the cost of living adjustment for working-age military retirees. I've heard from New Mexico families about the importance of this earned benefit, and I've been working from the beginning to reverse the cut. Passing a budget helped reverse the disastrous effects of sequestration on the military and their families and required many tough choices, but working-age military retirees shouldn't have to pay the price. These cuts never should have been made in the first place, and I'll continue working hard to restore the COLA.
Our service men and women deserve better than seeing their pensions arbitrarily cut, and I am pleased we will fix this well before the cut is set to take effect. I am proud to support legislation to repeal this cut today, and I will use every tool I can to fight pension cuts that unfairly single out Virginia military families. More info: http://1.usa.gov/1kzOwit
