NA
Yesterday I joined Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and Senate colleagues to introduce the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, which would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to refinance at the lower interest rates currently offered to new borrowers.  It is outrageous that students can’t refinance at these historically low interest rates.  This legislation gives students the same fair shot that other borrowers have to refinance and save money when interest rates decline.  
Special thanks to Chaplain Barry Black for leading a moment of silence for Nigeria’s missing girls #BringBackOurGirls
Thanks to all of you who shared your student loan stories with Senator Blumenthal. From Gillon, an Army Veteran struggling with over $130,000 in debt, Dean and his wife who have $55,000 in debt and are working four jobs to put their kids through college, Bob, a Vietnam Veteran who co-signed his granddaughter's student loan, to the thousands of you who are being suffocated by debt and unreasonably high interest rates—Senator Blumenthal heard your stories.   Too many people are struggling with student loans. Senator Blumenthal is working with his colleagues to alleviate the cost of a college education—something that should be attainable by every American without a life sentence of debt.
The Third National Climate Assessment was released this week. It was developed over three years by hundreds of the Nation’s top climate scientists and technical experts. The report shows not only that  the impact of Climate Change is real today, but also the potential impact we can expect in decades to come.   Our agriculture, infrastructure, and economy will be at an increased risk, and more communities—like so many in Connecticut—will be increasingly vulnerable to Lyme disease if we don’t #actonclimate.    You can access the full report here: http://j.mp/1irHINW, and explore specifically how it will affect the Northeast region of the U.S. here: http://j.mp/1nj1UJt  
I was elated to see so many Delawareans come out to the Rehoboth-Dewey Chamber of Commerce Shred Event. The more we can join together for events like these, the more we can continue to reduce landfill usage and invest in an industry that has already contributed nearly $350 million to our state’s economy.
Good discussion with students from the U.S. Army War College http://instagram.com/p/nte4VxGCKH/
Caring for these firefighters who are battling a disability or helping their family in the event of a tragic incident shouldn’t be a question of bureaucratic technicalities. It’s time for the Department of Justice to do the right thing and make sure these volunteer firefighters and their families have basic protections.
Asking U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Vilsack about implementation of the 2014 #FarmBill including microloan cooperative lending projects to foster economic development, dairy risk management and the Healthy Food Financing Initiative. http://instagram.com/p/ns6YSrGCFP/
Senator Coons released a new installment of the "Correspondence from the Commute" video series, filmed in April, on Wednesday. In this video, Chris replies to James from Dover about emergency unemployment insurance.
"The third U.S. National Climate Assessment confirms what we have already begun to see in Delaware, that sea level rise, storm surge, and extreme precipitation events linked to climate change have real and devastating consequences for our communities."
Watch Joe’s important announcement to get an update on his efforts to prevent military suicide with the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014. As Joe said, “There is not one solution, there’s no cure-all to prevent suicide.  But this problem is not too big to solve. We can start by improving our methods of identifying risk factors before it is too late.”
Are you or someone you know considering applying to one of the five U.S. Military Service Academies? Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting information sessions this week regarding the academy application process and the additional requirements that are needed to be considered for a nomination from Senator Donnelly. Click the link for details.
Read my letter asking the Department of Defense to halt changes to the way the National Guard conducts firefighting missions.
Proud to see my alma mater taking the lead on this very important issue.
Talking with Californians is a great way to start my day. This morning, I met with 150 to talk about key issues.
I support whatever actions are necessary to locate, capture & eliminate the Nigerian kidnappers.
Proud of the supermoms today as they bring the issue of antibiotic resistance to the forefront.
For my first 13 months in the Senate, I worked every day to craft a long-term Farm Bill that would work for our state’s greatest economic driver: agriculture. Now that we passed a Farm Bill, I’m making sure the law works for North Dakota’s farmers and ranchers. Today I participated in a Senate Agriculture hearing with U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Vilsack  focused on making sure the Farm Bill is implemented as intended.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=81e735cb-00be-4f1c-877b-48a4bf3c177e
Today the U.S. Department of Transportation announced new actions to help improve rail safety when transporting oil by rail. While these rules are a step in the right direction to helping make sure our communities are safe, I will continue to stress that the industry must work with the DOT to make sure these changes are properly implemented. 
On the Senate floor, I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in highlighting the one year anniversary of when the Senate passed the Marketplace Fairness Act to level the playing field for small businesses. It’s a long time past for the House to step up to the plate and stand up for small businesses that deserve a fair shot. http://1.usa.gov/1njfv3I 
I just signed a memorial & condolence book in honor of the victims and families of the ferry that sank last month. Such a tragedy  My heart goes out to the families & all the people in South Korea who are in mourning & my prayers are with them.
NA
Please help spread the word: On Saturday, May 10, letter carriers in Rhode Island and across the country will participate in the 22nd annual “Stamp Out Hunger” food drive.  If you’d like to help out, all you have to do is place a sturdy bag filled with non-perishable food items near your mailbox by 8 am on Saturday, May 10.  Your letter carrier will pick it up and deliver it to the RI Community Food Bank and local food pantries, with the help of volunteers.  Together, we can help stamp out hunger in Rhode Island.
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week!   Please remember to take a moment to #ThankATeacher for working so hard to give our children a brighter future.
The billionaire Koch brothers are waging a war against anything that protects the environment. Why? Because it makes them richer.
NA
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
As the Senate continues debating Senator Shaheen’s energy efficiency legislation that will create jobs, save consumers billions and reduce pollution, we’re continuing to highlight the broad support behind her bipartisan effort. Velcro Brand USA notes that the bill will “help homeowners and businesses use energy more efficiently, allowing them to realize significant savings as we have over the years.”
Today is National School Nurse Day –  a chance to thank nurses and remind folks how important they are to keeping our kids safe at school. Less than half of Montana counties have school nursing, and that’s why I’m introducing a bill that helps schools hire nurses and pay their salaries. http://1.usa.gov/1iYbGPj
Pleased to see that one week after the Lynchburg derailment and fire, the Department of Transportation has responded to our concerns by taking steps to ensure that our railroads are communicating better with first responders in Virginia and across the country. Emergency response personnel must be prepared to act quickly when accidents occur, and this new requirement to notify state-level emergency management officials is a positive step.
I'm proud to have been a supporter of offshore wind development here in Virginia since the very beginning. I applaud Dominion Virginia Power on receiving a $47 million competitive grant today to develop new, innovative technology. I'm especially excited that this project brings in a lot of local partners, who have the opportunity to make Virginia a real leader in offshore wind and create high-skill jobs in the Commonwealth.
Proud to be serving with my friend Tim Kaine as co-chairs of the first Virginia Science Festival! More information here: http://virginiasciencefestival.org/
