Good news for communities like Colorado Springs, Fort Collins and Greeley that are recovering from last year’s fires.  The Senate and House have both included emergency resources to protect drinking water and watersheds in funding bills this week.
I'm so proud to stand with Newtown Action Alliance's Team 26, who arrived today in Washington to deliver a message to Congress: we need safer gun laws. Christopher Murphy, Elizabeth Esty, Rosa DeLauro, Joe Courtney, Jim Himes, John Larson and I were there to receive their message and thank them for their incredible effort. Many good folks helped them along the way, in support vans, at bike shops, and cheering them on along the side of the road. America is sending a message loud and clear: now is the time.
Job Corps plays a critical role in helping at risk youth to be competitive in the workforce. I called for this hearing as a first step in providing a measure of accountability at the Department of Labor for recent shortfalls. While the Department of Labor has provided some insight into the budgetary gap, more needs to be done to rectify the inadequate financial management of this valuable program. We should not allow bureaucratic mismanagement to prevent qualified young people from getting the training they need to obtain good jobs.
Currently chairing a HELP Subcommittee Hearing on the Job Corps budget shortfall, watch live at the link below.
Congratulations goes to the Indianapolis International Airport for being named the best airport in the United States by the Airports Council International - North America. This is the second time IND has earned this award with the first time occurring in 2010.
I enjoyed speaking to the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce this morning about cybersecurity, assault weapons and the effects of sequestration on Los Angeles.
Chaired a Senate Intelligence hearing this morning on worldwide threats. Read my opening statement here:
Read about the effort to get weapons of war off our streets in today’s Sacramento Bee HERE:
Chairing a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing right now on worldwide threats with the Director of National Intelligence, the CIA, the FBI and the Department of Defense.
I just announced my support for Secretary of Interior nominee Sally Jewell
Some bright students from UND College of Business & Public Administration in DC this week.
Earlier today w/ ND Corn Growers. More North Dakota farmers are planting corn now than any time before!
Received a cool new helmet and some policy advice from Avery Hakstol, the daughter of University of North Dakota Men's Hockey Coach Dave Hakstol.
So proud to welcome Team 26 to the Capitol. They've ridden from Newtown to DC with a message for Congress: now is the time for common sense gun reform
Today, Claire took to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch opinion page and MSNBC’s Morning Joe to express her outrage and sense of urgency to do more to prevent military sexual assaults, and ensure victims are getting the justice they deserve.    Watch Claire on Morning Joe here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0zPfPrXmfI
I applaud Secretary Hagel's decision to review the Distinguished Warfare Medal's precedence.  http://1.usa.gov/14TGzII
With less than 20 days remaining before Liberian refugees living legally in the U.S. face deportation, Congressman Keith Ellison and I are leading efforts to urge the Obama Administration to lift the March 31st deadline and reintroducing the Liberian Refugee Immigration Fairness Act to allow eligible Liberian nationals to continue living here legally and provide them with a path to citizenship: http://1.usa.gov/YjjKgN.
Welcomed Rhode Islander Jonathan Lowenstein, who rode 350 miles from Newtown, Connecticut to Washington, DC with 25 other members of Sandy Hook Ride on Washington to advocate for sensible gun reform in memory of the victims of Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Met with members of the Jewish Alliance of Greater Rhode Island to discuss domestic & foreign policy issues.
The Ryan Republican budget will shower more tax breaks on millionaires and continue to tilt the playing field to the advantage of big corporate interests, while raising taxes for the middle class. And, like last year, the plan refuses to close a single tax loophole in order to reduce the deficit. It guts investments in education, health care, public safety, scientific research and job-creating clean energy technology. And it would end the Medicare guarantee and force seniors into a voucher program.
“I am proud that the Senate came together to recognize the importance of International Women's Day and demonstrated that we are dedicated to empowering women worldwide." -JS
I'm pleased that the Defense Department today agreed to review its plan to give higher rank to medals earned by drone pilots than medals – like the Purple Heart – earned by troops in combat.  I'll keep pushing to make sure that men and women who earn medals on the battlefield get the respect they deserve.
Kudos to Jeramiah Lucero for leading by example and making a difference in the Aztec community.
We pay for carbon pollution in far too many ways. Today, Rep. Henry Waxman, Rep. Blumenauer, Senator Schatz, and I introduced a carbon fee discussion draft. Our goal is to begin a collaborative process that results in legislation that not only reduces carbon pollution but also makes sure ALL of the revenue generated through the carbon fee is returned to the American people. 
 
 Learn more at http://whitehouse.senate.gov/ClimateChange and join the #CutCarbon conversation.
Senator Mark Warner and Senator Bob Corker, members of the Senate Banking Committee, wrote to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder today asking him to clarify his "too big to jail" remarks. They ask if it is “truly the position of the Department of Justice that some financial institutions are large enough that their management is above prosecution in the case of a serious crime?”  They further note that “like many of our colleagues, we believe that criminal behavior at any institution ought to be prosecuted, and responsible parties held accountable.”  (staff)
Today I spoke about why efforts to delay Rich Cordray’s nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau are an attempt to weaken the consumer agency. The American people deserve a Congress that worries less about helping big banks and more about helping regular people.
