Over the next couple months, members of Congress will have the responsibility of raising the debt ceiling, setting a budget for the coming year and deciding whether to allow $1.2 trillion in spending cuts to take effect.  This is not a fiscal cliff. This is our job.
We've worked hard. And at 11 am CST/12 pm EST today, Tammy will be sworn in to the United States Senate.
For four years in my townhall meetings across the state, Coloradans have told me they want a plan that materially reduces the deficit. The fiscal cliff proposal did not meet that standard and does not put in place a real process to reduce the debt down the road.  While I do support many of the items in this proposal – for example, extending unemployment insurance, the wind production tax credit and tax cuts for most Americans – I believe they should have come in the context of a comprehensive deficit reduction package. Without a serious mechanism to reduce the debt, I could not support this bill.  Putting the country on a sustainable fiscal path and bringing our debt under control is incredibly important to our economy and our standing in the world and is a top priority for me. I remain committed to continue working with any Republican or Democrat willing to address this problem in a serious way. Colorado’s kids deserve no less.
Congrats to my new colleague Christopher Murphy. I'm thrilled to be working with you for many years to come!
A message from Senator Cardin before being sworn in earlier today.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJFZBW1ccbk
NA
NA
Today at 12 PM ET, don’t miss Sen-elect Donnelly be sworn in as the next U.S. Senator for the Hoosier State. “Like” Joe on Facebook to receive updates on Joe and his promise to bring Hoosier values back to Washington, D.C.
Read this moving op-ed by an ER doctor on the everyday horrors of gun violence.
Just sworn in as senator for the 113th Congress. I am honored to serve the people of California for another term.
I was sworn in as Senator
Honored to be sworn in to the United States Senate today. I will continue working to make New Jersey a better place to work, live and raise a family. http://bit.ly/W74z60
Thanks to the efforts of Team Maryland, today I’m proud to announce the Treasury Department and GSA have delayed their plan to move 450 jobs out of Prince George’s County until 2019.   This is good news for Prince George’s Co., for Maryland and for the duty driven civil servants at the Hyattsville FMS facility dedicated to good government and public service.
Today I was glad to escort my friend & colleague Senator Ben Cardin as he was sworn in by Vice President Biden to continue representing Maryland in the Senate.
Today I was honored to be sworn into the US Senate. So was my one year old son apparently:
I'm about to take the oath of office as Connecticut's next U.S. Senator. I'm humbled and honored to be sent here and ready to get to work for our state.
“I pledge to use these next six years to keep fighting as hard as I know how for the state that I love. I plan to fight for new opportunities for my kids and grandkids, and for all young Missourians—to create more jobs, and continue my dogged effort to bring down the national debt. And any politician or contractor tempted to waste taxpayer dollars for their own benefit should be on notice—if I have it my way, these next six years will see a new level of accountability in government.” - Claire
TONIGHT on ABC, 6:30pm ET/5:30pm CT: The 113th Congress begins today with a record-breaking 20 women serving in the Senate. Catch this historic group’s interview with Diane Sawyer on ABC World News.
Senator Manchin Celebrates Swearing-In of the 113th Congress
Today we convene the 113th Congress and I welcome back all my colleagues. It was my pleasure to join my friend and colleague, U.S. Senator Dean Heller as he was sworn in today to serve the state of Nevada. In this next Congress, as we advance the debate over the best way to strengthen our economy and reduce our deficit, Democrats will continue to stand strong for the principle of balance. I'm hopeful and confident my Republican colleagues will do the same.
"In D.C. today for the swearing-in of the new Congress, including Representatives Ann McLane Kuster and Carol Shea-Porter and five new women senators!. I will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow for Governor Maggie Hassan's Inaugural Ball. What a historic week!" - JS
Congratulations to Maggie Hassan, Ann McLane Kuster and Carol Shea-Porter, who will all be sworn in today. New Hampshire is lucky to such great leaders representing our state!
Great news! The Shaheen Amendment, which will help bring health care equity to women serving in the military, was signed into law last night with President Barack Obama's signature approving the 2013 National Defense Authorization Act. Read more below!
Taking the oath to serve Montana in the United States Senate
Today marked the beginning of the 113th Congress and my second term in the United States Senate. It has been my life’s honor to serve the people of Rhode Island in the Senate, and I thank them for putting their trust in me for another six years.  In the months and years ahead, I will continue the fights that I began during my first term: to support middle class families and the programs – like Social Security and Medicare – that they depend on; to boost our economy and create jobs; and to preserve our environment and combat the effects of climate change.  And through it all, I will continue to listen to Rhode Islanders at my community dinners and other events throughout the state, so I can better represent their interests and concerns in Washington.
Senator Warner is proud to welcome Tim Kaine to the Senate. Photo: walking to Capitol today with former Senator Jim Webb (staff)
