"Fairness for Wisconsin women will lead to a stronger middle class." - TB
Tammy supports universal background checks for all gun sales. Like to show your support.
Ken Salazar has been an exemplary leader for Colorado and the entire country. As Interior Secretary, Ken leaves a long legacy characterized by thoughtful stewardship of our nation's lands and waters. He vastly expanded renewable energy opportunities on federal lands across the nation, pursued a prudent and cautious approach on oil shale development in Colorado, and he was a champion for conservation across the West. Ken did an outstanding job serving the President and our country. We can't wait to have him home here in Colorado.
“Visiting the United States and having access to our financial system, including U.S. dollars, are privileges that should not be extended to those who violate basic human rights and the rule of law.”    Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Finance committees, Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and author of the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, made the following statement regarding the first public release of individuals held accountable for gross human rights violations under the new law.   “This first batch of names released by the administration pursuant to the Magnitsky Act is a serious and historic first step. With this concrete action we send more than just a symbolic message that gross violators of human rights in Russia, and around the world, cannot escape the consequences of their actions even when their home country fails to act.  I look forward to continuing the collaboration between Congress and the Obama Administration in implementing the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act to ensure that those who should be on this list are in fact on this list. I am pleased that the initial list includes officials who were involved at every stage of the death of Sergei Magnitsky, as well as other crimes. I am fully confident that this list, and future names that will be added, can stand up to international scrutiny.”
I was proud to spend last Saturday at Delaware State University in Dover for its Day of Service.
It was my pleasure to speak to 9th graders at Mount Pleasant High School about government and Delaware history. These bright young students asked some great questions, too, about gun control, the economy and working in the United States Senate.
Today, I joined State Sen. Patti Blevins, Dr. Karyll Rattay of Delaware Public Health and Carol Post of the DE Coalition Against Domestic Violence to announce $2 million in federal grants to prevent domestic violence in the state.
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Jeff from Milton about cuts to the federal budget.
As the Senate Agriculture Committee prepares to mark up its five-year Farm Bill, Joe met with Central Indiana's the ag community to hear about how he could advocate for the issues that are most important to Hoosier farmers.
Tomorrow is my 100th day as a Senator. I am proud of the work I have done so far for North Dakota. Video:
I am disappointed in the approval of burdensome regulations for clinics that will jeopardize access to health care services – including lifesaving cancer screenings and preventive care - for women in the Commonwealth. I will continue to reject attempts to restrict access to full reproductive health care, including the constitutional right to abortion, and urge lawmakers to focus on areas that bring Virginians together instead of these divisive social issues.
On Thursday, April 11, Senator Leahy urged his colleagues to not filibuster proposed gun violence legislation but to stand up and be counted with a vote.
In my Politico op-ed with Senator Patty Murray & National Partnership for Women and Families President Debra Ness, we recommit to the fight for equal pay for equal work & the Paycheck Fairness Act.
Claire teamed up with web giant Google today to hold a small business workshop at the Third Degree Glass Factory in St. Louis focused on how to ensure Missouri’s businesses are maximizing their online opportunities. 
 
 Claire made remarks to kick off the event, which drew more than one hundred small businesses from the St. Louis region. Read more about the event here: http://bit.ly/12Vu5B5
The personal stories that I heard from people in Nevada this week as thousands of people rallied for immigration reform by the Capitol were real tear-jerkers. Take a minute to read more about their backgrounds and dreams, as reported by the Las Vegas Sun:
Great to meet students from New Hampshire's Piermont Village School who were in Washington this week!
We are very excited that the Navy will be naming their new combat ship the USS Manchester in honor of Manchester, New Hampshire! Our question is for you: how should the USS Manchester best capture the spirit of New Hampshire's Queen City? What are some things that make Manchester so special?   Send in your favorite pictures of Manchester to  shaheenstaff@gmail.com and we will feature great Manchester shots as our cover photo in recognition of this tremendous honor from the U.S. Navy!
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the terrible tragedy in Greenland that took the life of Police Chief Michael Maloney and injured four other officers. We pay tribute to Chief Maloney today and say thank you to all of our law enforcement officers for all you do to keep New Hampshire a safer place for our children, families and loved ones.
On April 12th, students from  Hongwanji Mission School met Senator Schatz to talk about life in Washington, DC and what they want to do when they grow up.
Congress has an obligation to pass sensible legislation in an effort to reduce the epidemic of gun violence in our nation and prevent tragic mass shootings. We can take logical steps to expand criminal background checks, increase school safety and strengthen laws against gun trafficking and illegal purchases, without infringing on the Second Amendment rights of law abiding citizens and restricting the traditions of sportsmen in states like New Mexico. This week, the Senate has taken important bipartisan steps with the goal of sending a bill to the president. There is more serious work ahead, including the debate and consideration of numerous amendments to S. 649, the Safe Communities, Safe Schools Act of 2013. As we move forward in that process, I will support the Manchin-Toomey amendment on background checks and continue working on two other important components -- improving mental health services in schools and giving state and federal authorities more resources to investigate and prosecute gun crimes.
Today, I’m glad to say that the Senate overcame a GOP filibuster, 68-31, to begin debate on gun violence legislation.  This is an important step towards giving the victims of gun violence and their families the vote they deserve to help prevent future tragedies.
