I was proud to tour the new visitor center for Pinnacles National Park with Congressman Sam Farr, Soledad Mayor Fred Ledesma and Superintendent Karen Dorn on Saturday. This was my first visit since President Obama signed the legislation that Congressman Farr and I wrote designating Pinnacles as California's 9th National Park.
Today U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski joined me for a tour of Baltimore City Department of Public Works Montebello Water Treatment Plant # 1.  I drink Baltimore tap water daily. Our city is blessed with good source water, but to ensure the safety and security of Baltimore tap water, the treatment system needs to be updated. We waste millions of gallons of water each day from leakage alone the cost of which is passed on to ratepayers, while also taking a toll on the health of our natural water resources.   Investing in water infrastructure is the right thing to do for public health, for our environment and to save energy, but it also creates jobs. Our water infrastructure provides a foundation for economic growth in every community across this nation.   The U.S. Conference of Mayors notes that each public dollar invested in water infrastructure increases private long-term GDP output by more than $6. The Department of Commerce has found that that same dollar yields close to $3 worth of economic output in other industries. Every job created in local water and sewer industries creates close to four jobs elsewhere in the national economy.
"It’s clear that funding should be long-term and raised from a sustainable source of revenue, allowing for ample planning and enabling big transportation projects." ...Couldn't agree more...
I am proud to stand with Sen. Coons and Rep. Carney to announce funding for the Delaware Fire School today that will go for training tools and firefighting gear that hasn't been replaced since 1988. As co-chair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, I will continue to work with the delegation to fight to get the tools we need.
Residents can find more information about the Summer Meals program by calling 1-866-3-HUNGRY or 1-877-8-HAMBRE or visiting pasummermeals.com
Senator Coons talks to Comcast Newsmakers’ Jill Horner about I-495 bridge repairs and the need to address the nation's growing infrastructure backlog.
Alan Dixon was well-loved in the United States Senate, where his friendships reached across the aisle. Al and his brand of politics – honest and honorable – will be missed both here in Washington and at home in Illinois.
Did you know Joe’s office can help Indiana small businesses having difficulty working with federal agencies? Check out the latest installment of “Just Ask Joe” to learn how Joe helped a veteran-owned small business in Cromwell.
In striving to be a leading employer of veterans, Tesla will be assembling a top-notch team. 
Had a great meeting with cancer survivors and advocates from One Voice Against Cancer. Very inspiring. We talked about the need to increase support for federal cancer research and prevention programs. Thanks for coming in.
Keep up the good work. Contributions from high-tech California companies are vital to NASA goals. 
ICYMI - I spoke with NPR about my RESPONSE Act and the need to make sure our first responders have better access to training and resources to respond to emerging threats and hazards. 
North Dakota’s local governments, tribes and agencies are eligible to apply for federal grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help support home renovations and improvements for low-income families living in rural areas. As our state grows, we must continue to focus on making sure our rural communities are places where families choose to live, and that means enabling struggling rural homeowners to make needed improvements to reduce their costs, better insulate their homes, and help support good construction jobs. 
Continuing my efforts to bring more transparency to our elections, I’m co-sponsoring the DISCLOSE Act, a commonsense plan that will help make sure the public knows who is spending money to influence our elections. When I was working on increasing campaign finance transparency as North Dakota’s Attorney General, there was bipartisan consensus that rooting out secret money was good for our democracy. This should be legislation we can all agree is needed. 
NA
Today I visited Baltimore's Montebello water treatment facility along with Senator Cardin to get an up-close view of Maryland's aging water infrastructure. Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure, but they can’t do it on their own. They need a government that’s on their side.   I'm fighting for smart federal funding that communities can use to wash away the rust and decay of crumbling water infrastructure and create jobs, protect public safety, protect the environment and protect ratepayers. I'll keep working to shine a light on the need for water infrastructure investments to make sure that Maryland's water works.
We've got to update workplace policies to better support modern working families. #FamiliesSucceed
Today at the iconic Narragansett Towers, we gathered to discuss the $2.58 million in grants that have been secured to repair historic structures and landmarks in Rhode Island that were damaged by Hurricane Sandy.   As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I was glad to deliver this federal funding for more than 20 projects in 10 communities across Rhode Island, including grants to help repair the roof of the Towers and other distinguishable structures around the state that are part of our identity and remind us of our collective past.   This funding will help preserve RI’s history for generations to come while building a more sustainable future.
It was an honor and a privilege to be on hand as 21 new Americans took their oath of citizenship at McCoy Stadium before we enjoyed America’s national pastime: baseball.   These individuals worked hard to learn the rights and responsibilities of citizenship and now they are officially part of our country, our history, and our future.
New WNY Veterans cemetery at this site in Town of Pembroke should bear Wild Bill Donovan's name. #NYtownoftheday
Today I had a great visit to the Early Childhood Adventures Program at the Nashua Adult Learning Center where I discussed the rising cost of childcare.
Last week I participated in a tour of FLETC and a briefing by officials on the status of the temporary family detention center in Artesia. This is a heartbreaking immigration crisis, and it was important to see up close the accommodations, and security that are in place while FLETC houses women and children undergoing removal proceedings. I'll continue working with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, FLETC, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials to make sure they are keeping local leaders and community members updated on the situation and to ensure the community doesn't bear the extra cost of housing these families.
I was glad to meet this past week with Carlsbad Mayor Janway and officials from the city, DOE and WIPP to talk about WIPP recovery funding, and WIPP's importance to national security and the local economy. We had a productive discussion that will help me fight for resources on the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Hurricane Sandy didn't just hit buildings and beaches—it struck parts of Rhode Island’s rich history. That's why I was glad to celebrate important funding for historic preservation at the Towers in Narragansett today. Rebuilding our historic properties helps keep that history alive, and preserves some of our tourism industry's major attractions.
