LA Times: Obamacare “has spurred the largest expansion in health coverage in America in half a century.”   TODAY is the deadline for open enrollment. Tell your friends, neighbors, co-workers and family members to get covered now: www.CoveredCA.com 
The latest report by the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change adds a tremendous sense of urgency for Congress to wake up and do everything in its power to reduce dangerous carbon pollution. In California, we can just look out the window to see climate change's impacts - from the driest year on record in 2013 to the increased frequency and intensity of wildfires. This new IPCC report identifies the serious threats to human health, vital infrastructure, and the world's economy that will multiply as temperatures warm. It confirms that we must cut carbon pollution now to avoid lasting changes to our planet.
I'm so impressed by the bravery of Common Ground High School students, engaging in an open dialogue about their views on urban violence and remembering their classmate Javier Martinez who was 18 years old when he was shot and killed while walking to a friend’s house.  I am visiting them again today, and I look forward to speaking with these courageous students about their friend, and what we can all do to make meaningful changes to reduce gun violence.   I thank them for their letter to me regarding Javier, and I encourage everyone here on Facebook to leave comments in Javier's memory. -RB
The birds are back in town! Great win for the Baltimore Orioles, great win for #birdland!
Open enrollment for 2014 coverage ends today(MARCH 31). If you need health insurance, #GetCoveredNow, visit HealthCare.gov or call 1-800-318-2596  
#OpeningDay (March 31) is also the close of the 1st round of #ACA open enrollment. #GetCovered today. Visit www.healthcare.gov or call 1-800-318-2596
Rev. Donald Morton is just one of the people already benefitting from improved, affordable healthcare they once went without. Today is the last day to join him and thousands of Delawareans by enrolling at http://www.choosehealthde.com or at one of the events across all three counties.
There are few acts more selfless and more powerful than the decision to donate a loved ones’ organs. My family and I will be forever indebted to Frances Lucas for giving the gift of life to my father in 1993.
I encourage all Pennsylvanians to sign up for health insurance through the Affordable Care Act’s health insurance marketplace by the end of the open enrollment period tonight.  Now more Pennsylvanians can purchase health insurance that offers free preventive care, covers pre-existing conditions, and ends lifetime caps on insurance coverage.  Additionally, young adults are able to remain on their parents’ plan.  While I will continue to push the Administration and Congress to make common-sense improvements to the law, I urge my constituents to sign-up and get covered today. #GetCovered
NA
#BaseballIsBack
Watch me talk about the missing Malaysian airliner, Ukraine and U.S. intelligence programs on CNN's State of the Union with Candy Crowley.
Today we honor Cesar Chavez, a champion for workers and an inspiration for improving human rights worldwide.
As we celebrate César Chávez’s legacy today, we remember his deep commitment to improving the lives of others. He was a champion of justice, tirelessly fighting for better working conditions and fair wages, and inspired a generation of community organizers across the country. His legacy and spirit live on in New Mexico through the tireless work of those who strive to make their communities better. ¡Si Se Puede!
Between Senate Committee hearings, meeting with North Dakotans, and voting, my days in Washington are busy. Check out this behind-the-scenes look at what a day in my life is like when I’m in Washington, D.C. 
Thanks to everyone who attended the 2014 Evangelina Menendez Trailblazer Award ceremony yesterday!  A special thanks goes to Ambassador Power, Meryl Frank & the six inspiring honorees for their wonderful remarks.   The honorees are committed to New Jersey’s children, workers & families. Each woman is truly a trailblazer who has lived up to my mother’s example.
Revved up for Orioles opening day! Flying high – celebrating 60 years in Baltimore. Buckle Up!
Way to go elite University of Maryland Lady Terps! Left Tennessee seeing Red on the way to the Elite 8 - Fear the Lady Turtle!
Claire reached 100,000 followers on Twitter recently and she thought she'd take a moment on her Tumblr to recap some of her more famous, or infamous moments - depending on how you look at them. 
In honor of Vietnam Veterans Recognition Day, members of our staff yesterday celebrated the brave men and women who served our nation in the Vietnam War. Every day is a day to thank them for their unrelenting commitment to our country.
The Senate just took step 2 in the multi-step march to finally passing #RenewUI. Here’s the procedural road map to final passage:
It is always an honor to welcome Rhode Island’s World War II veterans to our nation’s capital.  Saturday, I was privileged to be joined by former Senator Bob Dole (R-KS), a courageous WWII veteran, as we greeted over 20 World War II veterans from Rhode Island.  The group traveled from Rhode Island to Washington, DC on a trip sponsored by the Honor Flight Network and the Rhode Island Association of Fire Chiefs.  I was proud to salute these veterans, hear their stories, thank them for their service, and show them the national memorial built in their honor.
Today we honor an American hero who dedicated his life to improving working conditions for farm workers and defended labor rights for all Americans. Although Cesar Chavez is no longer with us, we must carry on his legacy by creating jobs for the middle class, restoring long term unemployment insurance for those who lost their jobs through no fault of their own, making sure all workers earn fair pay for their work, and stopping the separation of families by passing immigration reform.   http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-31-03-reid-commemorates-cesar-chavez-day#.Uzmy5vldXTo
Today Noam Levey spelled it out: #ACAworks - so make today the day you #GotCovered 
Renewing FEMA's SAFER program will help local students pay for college & serve #Nassau & #Suffolk communities
Senator Shaheen joined Safran Aerospace Composite officials this morning to celebrate the grand opening of their new facility in Rochester, NH. The new plant currently employs 130 people and expects to grow to between 400 and 500 employees by 2020. Shaheen helped secure funding for grants to train Granite Staters in advance manufacturing that were critical in helping bring Safran to New Hampshire. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hsOg2g
I'm on Twitter too! Click to follow my official Senate Twitter account: @SenatorTester   
NA
For the past several months, New Mexicans from all four corners have been uploading their pictures to showcase our beautiful state in winter. Congratulations to Julie Carter of Estancia – her beautiful picture of Carrizozo Peak near Nogal, N.M., received the most votes (determined by your "likes") out of the finalists! Julie's photo will be showcased around my offices in New Mexico, in Washington, and through my online social media channels for others to enjoy.  Thanks to everyone who uploaded their photos, and to all who participated. If you didn't get to upload yours, stay tuned for our spring contest. Click here to view all the finalists, and share with others to help us #ShowcaseNM: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasingnewmexico/
Listening to Rhode Island's business community is crucial to my work in Washington, so today I was glad to hear from business leaders about what they need to grow and create jobs. Thanks to the Greater Providence Chamber of Commerce for hosting my colleagues and me for a great event.
Have you signed up for health insurance yet?  The deadline to sign up is today, so here are 5 reasons to #GetCovered.
