Cuts to Great Lakes funding hurts Wisconsin’s ability to clean up toxic waste, combat the threat of invasive species and reduce stormwater runoff.
I’ve joined Instagram! Follow me for an inside view of life as a U.S. Senator: http://instagram.com/senblumenthal. Here I am arriving back to my DC office yesterday ahead of crucial debate on intervention in Syria.
Follow Ben on @Twitter for the latest news coming out of Washington and around Maryland   Twitter - @SenatorCardin
Ben is on his way to the United States Senate Floor to deliver remarks concerning the ongoing conflict in #Syria. Watch live via C-SPAN at the link below.  http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Ben is live on WBAL Radio discussing #Syria now, tune in now http://www.wbal.com/listen/player
#ICYMI Ben appeared on the The Ed Show  on msnbc last night and discussed the most recent developments in #Syria
NA
Today we remember the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Lake Erie and the incredible sacrifices that Northwestern Pennsylvanians made during the War of 1812. Just last week I was in Erie and got a chance to see the preparations taking place to commemorate this anniversary. All this year, Erie has held a celebration worthy of the valor of Oliver Hazard Perry and the 557 patriots who followed him in to battle.
Senator Donnelly Releases Video Recognizing World Suicide Prevention Day.
Share this great news with your friends. For the 15th consecutive year, U.S. News and World Report named Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology the nation’s top undergraduate engineering college.
This new Breast Cancer Fund report on prenatal exposure to the harmful chemical BPA is a wake-up call to get BPA out of canned food. My bill requires companies to inform consumers when food packaging contains BPA.
Friends, I hope you'll take a moment to read a letter I sent today directly to the people of New Mexico explaining my decision to support the president’s request to use military force in Syria.
I went to the #Senate floor this afternoon to discuss my alternative proposal on #Syria. Please take a look:
Thanks to Growth Energy for its Fueling Growth Award and for representing the producers and supporters of ethanol and advocating on behalf of North Dakota's all-of-the-above energy approach.
Watch Senator Manchin and I discuss our alternative plan in Syria on the Senate floor at 5:00pm ET. More details can be found at http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=300f7cb2-e49f-43cb-8b6c-d53deb862300
Honored to receive the Golden Triangle Award from the North Dakota Farmer's Union today.  I came to the Senate determined to fight for North Dakota's farmers, and I'm grateful to be recognized for the work I've done so far on behalf of North Dakota's producers and rural communities.  Agriculture is one of the highest priorities in North Dakota, which makes it one of my highest priorities as well.
I’m pleased that the President’s decision to seek congressional authorization for a military strike in Syria – and a subsequent vote in the Foreign Relations Committee in support of military action if diplomatic options are exhausted – has motivated Assad to consider relinquishing his chemical weapons stockpile to international control. A diplomatic solution continues to be the best possible outcome in Syria, and the limited authorization I voted for last week includes a requirement that the U.S. must first exhaust all diplomatic options before commencing a military strike. We must therefore carefully examine this and any other credible offer presented by the Russians and Syrians, as well as strongly support efforts currently taking place in the United Nations Security Council. But make no mistake, if not for the American pressure on the Assad regime, we would not be having the diplomatic discussions we are today. I commend the President for his resolve and urge my colleagues to support continued efforts to create such diplomatic opportunities.
Nearly a half-century after being wounded in action during the Vietnam War, Missouri veteran Walter Sitzwohl has finally received the Purple Heart he earned, and Claire was thrilled she was able to help. Sitzwohl enlisted in the United States Army in January 1968, and served a total of 21 months, 19 days, in the Republic of Vietnam.  Sitzwohl’s wife, Tomme Sitzwohl, made contact with Claire in July regarding her husband’s Purple Heart. At the request of Claire’s office, the Army reviewed its records and determined Sitzwohl should have been awarded the Purple Heart medal for the combat wounds he sustained while serving in Vietnam. Claire arranged a formal award ceremony for Sitzwohl, where he receive his long overdue Purple Heart in St. Peters.
I am encouraged that the Syrian regime has agreed to sign the Chemical Weapons Convention, declare their chemical weapons and join the international community. I have said from the start that being a super power means more than super military might; it means super diplomacy and super restraint.   This is the first step in the important process of reducing Syria’s stockpile of chemical weapons, but it is not the last step. Moving forward, we must make sure that the actions taken by the Syrian government to comply with the Chemical Weapons Convention are swift, concrete and verifiable.  Please continue to visit my website for information and updates on this issue. http://1.usa.gov/1ead8fB
ICYMI: This morning I discussed Syria and our resolution, the Chemical Weapons Control and Accountability Resolution of 2013, on Fox and Friends.
If there is a realistic chance -- and I certainly hope there is -- to secure Syria's chemical weapons, we shouldn't turn our backs on that chance. But for such a solution to be plausible, the Assad regime must act quickly to prove their offer is real.  It's very important to understand that the only reason the international community is seeking an alternative to military action is that President Obama has made it plain and clear that the United States will act if we must. Our credible threat of force has made these diplomatic discussions with Syria possible.   Any agreement must ensure chemical weapons in the hands of Syria can be secured. I am pleased that the Obama administration's considering this offer.
Just voted in Park Slope. Old machines working well so far! Take time to vote in today's #nyprimary
Senator Jeanne Shaheen this morning renewed her call for Russia to follow through on its commitment to secure and destroy Syria’s chemical weapons stockpile. During her remarks on the Senate floor, Shaheen announced plans to introduce an amendment to the Senate's Syria resolution that would pressure the Assad regime to take credible, concrete steps to eliminate their chemical weapons stockpile.   Shaheen also repeated her call for the Senate to act on her energy efficiency legislation that she has introduced with Senator Rob Portman (R-OH). The legislation would create 136,000 jobs while also reducing pollution and saving taxpayers money.  To watch Shaheen’s remarks click here: http://bit.ly/14JoNZk
Senator Shaheen released the following statement this evening after it was reported that the Russian government has offered to work with Syria to establish international control over Syria's chemical weapons stockpile:   "I believe we should pursue every possible diplomatic solution prior to engaging in military action. As such, I welcome the possibility of international cooperation to secure and destroy Syria's chemical weapons stockpile and call on Russia to quickly follow through on its new commitment. The eventual elimination of Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles is in the best interest of the United States and the world community."  "After two years of diplomatic stalemate, the credible threat of force has finally pushed Syria and Russia to the negotiating table. However, this cannot be a delaying tactic. We must see immediate, serious and credible actions by Russia and Syria toward the transfer and eventual destruction of Syria's weapons of mass destruction as soon as possible. We should continue to maintain pressure on the Syrian regime to give up its weapons stockpile."
Today, Senator Brian Schatz lauded the selection of Hawai‘i as the host of the 48th Meeting of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum Telecommunications and Information Working Group (APEC TEL 48).  “I am pleased that the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum Telecommunications and Information Working Group has selected Hawai‘i as its 2013 host,” said Senator Brian Schatz.  “Hawai‘i has much to offer as an international business destination, with unmatched levels of hospitality and professionalism, as well as superior visitor venues and convention centers. Since my time as Lieutenant Governor, I have worked closely with APEC to build upon its relationship with Hawai‘i and expand upon our state’s role as a business hub and gateway to the Asia-Pacific region. I will continue to do so as more businesses, nonprofits, and government entities choose Hawai‘i as an excellent place to do and conduct business.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345683
Today, President Obama nominated Deputy Director of the Hawai‘i Department of Land and Natural Resources Esther Kia‘aina for the position of Assistant Secretary for Insular Areas at the Department of the Interior.   The U.S. Department of the Interior’s Office of Insular Affairs coordinates federal policy in the territories of American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The office also administers U.S. federal assistance to the Freely Associated States of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Republic of Palau under the Compacts of Free Association.  “Esther Kia‘aina is a tremendous choice by President Obama for this important post at the Department of the Interior,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “Esther has had a distinguished career in public service, during which she has developed significant expertise in Native Hawaiian issues and land management. This is one of the few Senate confirmed positions for which a local Hawaiian leader has been nominated. I congratulate her on this worthy nomination, and look forward to a speedy confirmation process. The people and state of Hawai‘i will be better served with Esther Kia‘aina as Assistant Secretary of Insular Areas.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345682
The Hawai‘i Department of Defense will receive a grant worth $872,075 from the U.S. Commerce Department’s National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) under the State and Local Implementation Grant Program (SLIGP) program to support the planning, education and outreach activities in preparation for building the first nationwide public safety broadband network.  “Our police, firefighters and emergency service professionals deserve a compatible and suitable communication network so that they can respond quickly when action is needed most,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “These resources will help Hawai‘i implement the first nationwide interoperable public safety broadband network. I am glad that Hawai‘i is beginning the process of planning for this wireless network.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345681
Meeting with constituents
It was an honor to greet Montana’s World War II veterans at the Iwo Jima Memorial yesterday. LIKE and SHARE to join me in honoring our nation’s heroes.
As the debate on Syria heats up in Washington, I spoke on the Senate floor today about the need to work with the international community to resolve the crisis there. I'm horrified by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's use of chemical weapons against his own people, but I believe U.S. military strikes could make the situation there even more violent, and that's why I will continue to oppose military action.   Russia and Syria have taken steps that indicate an agreement to destroy Syria's chemical weapons arsenal may be possible. This is evidence that international pressure is working, and we must continue pushing them to do the right thing. Watch my comments for more and share this if you agree - a military strike in Syria is the wrong response in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Cancer has touched the lives of far too many Americans. I really appreciated the chance to talk with Rhode Islanders who came to DC today to send Congress an important message: Invest in cancer research. I couldn't agree more!
 
 #cancerlobbyday
