Investing in agriculture will help create jobs and improve energy efficiency. Tammy is working on a plan that will help producers invest and create new agricultural projects. Share & like this post if you support this!
Yesterday, I delivered a speech on the Senate floor objecting to Senator Mike Lee’s abortion resolution. Lee’s resolution – introduced in response to the trial of Philadelphia abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell – states that “Congress and States should gather information about and correct abusive, unsanitary, and illegal abortion practices and the interstate referral of women and girls to facilities engaged in dangerous or illegal second- and third-trimester procedures.”   During the floor speech, I objected to Lee’s resolution and introduced my own resolution, which states that all “incidents of abusive, unsanitary, or illegal health care practices should be condemned and prevented and the perpetrators should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.”  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qqhnxRewHo&list=UUHH-fn3_LVt0Q4od56rOi5g&index=1
Not one single Republican showed up for today’s scheduled EPW  committee markup. This is very sad.  This is obstructionism, pure and simple. It has nothing to do with Gina McCarthy. It has nothing to do with the answers she supplied this committee. It is Republican obstructionism.   She has answered over 1000 questions, which is unprecedented. The maximum number before was in the three hundreds. When Lisa Jackson was confirmed, there were about 100 questions asked.    This has been a pattern on the Republican side of the aisle with obstructing President Obama’s nominations. Yesterday we saw, in one of our committees, a technical rule used to block the vote for Tom Perez to be Secretary of Labor.  This is a pattern of blocking confirmation votes for President Obama’s nominees for key cabinet positions. This is wrong.
Gene M. Kirchner, a Baltimore County volunteer firefighter died in the line of duty while attempting to save lives. . Gene was posthumously awarded the Fire Department’s Medal of Honor because he embodied what we as a nation come to look for in our first responders -- courage, bravery and dedication to duty. I want to thank his family for giving our community such a special young man.
Please share:
NA
Our Commonwealth was deeply and uniquely impacted by the tragic events of September 11th. The USS Somerset is named to honor the courageous passengers and crew of United Airlines Flight 93 who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. Through the actions of these brave individuals, they prevented terrorist hijackers from reaching their target destination. We have taken great pride in our role to ensure that this sacrifice is never forgotten. I’m pleased that our state will have the honor of having this ship begin its service in the Port of Philadelphia.
Senator Coons today reintroduced his American Dream Accounts legislation to help low-income and at-risk kids get the education they need to thrive. Learn more at http://coons.senate.gov/dreamaccounts
Our next job fair with Senator Tom Carper and Congressman John Carney will be held in Dover on June 24th! Please spread the word!
NA
Farm Bill draft I have been working on released today. Still trying to improve it for North Dakota. Read it here:
Great to meet with students from Tioga, North Dakota
Congrats MHA Nation on your new refinery groundbreaking!
On Thursday, May 09, Sen. Leahy and the Judiciary Committee began to mark up S. 744, The Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act.  http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-kicks-off-committee-consideration-of-comprehensive-immigration-reform-
Let’s make sure thousands of New Jersey homeowners, many of whom found their homes damaged or destroyed in the wake of Superstorm Sandy, aren’t hit with premium shock and keep flood insurance rates from skyrocketing.    I spoke about this on the Senate Floor last night (see video below).
This week I introduced the Small Business Tax Fraud Prevention Act, my bill to crack down on payroll service provider tax theft & fraud. As the backbone of our economy, small businesses victimized by scheming payroll service provider tax fraud need a government on their side.  Common sense reforms mean we will protect small businesses from being tax fraud victims & ensure they're not victimized again by IRS penalties & fees.
Looking forward to my Google hangout on Monday night at 6pm! Send your questions on Twitter using #askmurphy, or leave them here. Hope you can join. http://t.co/zpsUkrWf5y
NA
Called on the Department of Veterans Affairs to make sure vets at risk of suicide receive timely follow up care. Too few get proper care today http://1.usa.gov/17Ow7pt
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 42 – Kanawha County  Fact: Home to famous black education leader Booker T. Washington. In 1901, he even had dinner with President Theodore Roosevelt at the White House.   Recommendation: The perfect staycation: Visit our beautiful state capitol and don’t forget to take a free tour of our State Museum at the Culture Center.   www.wvculture.org
Appreciate the leadership and hard work of Rhode Island fire chiefs and marshals to keep our communities safe.
Today was a great day of progress for comprehensive immigration reform. The Senate Judiciary Committee, under Sen. Patrick Leahy’s great leadership, is proceeding with amendments on the Gang of 8 proposal. Much work remains, but I’m confident we will pass this important legislation.
I believe the Senate must take action to address the extremely troubling and persistent incidence of sexual assault in the military. We must hold the perpetrators of these horrible acts accountable and ensure justice for victims.
Today, I met with members of Nevada's Alliance for Retired Americans to discuss the importance of protecting Social Security and Medicare.
Wonderful to talk to members of New Hampshire members of Girls Inc. about what it means to be part of the nation’s first all-female congressional delegation. The opportunities are boundless for our next generation of women leaders!
“This week the department’s Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office (SAPRO) released a damning report suggesting that the number of sexual assault cases has risen dramatically in the past two years, despite DOD’s ‘zero tolerance policy.'  It is clear that our military is facing an immediate and growing crisis, which requires a renewed sense of urgency.” - JS
“I was deeply disappointed to see Republican members of the Environment and Public Works committee fail to appear at the confirmation hearing for EPA nominee, Gina McCarthy. Ms. McCarthy has earned and deserves a fair hearing.  She has both the experience and expertise to do the job.  The refusal of senators to even participate in her confirmation hearing is simply unacceptable.  This type of obstructionism and grandstanding has no place in our government, and I am hopeful that the committee will quickly reschedule this vote and move forward in good faith with McCarthy’s nomination.” - JS
Senator Shaheen is on her way to the White House this morning to participate in a discussion on rooting out sexual assault in the military. It is an urgent priority to end the unacceptable pattern of sexual assault in our military that has gone on for too long.
Take a moment to read my Op-Ed with Manchester Mayor Ted Gatsas on why the Manchester Job Corps Center is good news for New Hampshire's young workers and our economic future:
Had a great meeting with legendary Montana mountaineer Conrad Anker
Click LIKE if you agree with me that it's long past time for the President and Congress to fill vacancies and put more oversight officials on the job to better protect taxpayer dollars and cut wasteful spending.
It's a sad day in the Senate when we have an entire party boycott their work. This morning at our Environment & Public Works Committee hearing, Republicans wouldn't even show up to allow a simple up or down vote on EPA Administrator nominee Gina McCarthy – who has already been confirmed by the Senate once for a role at EPA. The American people want clean air, clean water and a government that works to protect it. That's why I spoke out against this obstruction. Watch my comments, then like and share it if you agree - abuse of the rules must end.
I was recently at a Senate meeting where I heard a member of our Senate community say, "God won’t allow us to ruin our planet.” Maybe that is why we do nothing to stop climate change: we're comfortable that God somehow won't allow us to ruin our planet. So in this week's "Time to Wake Up" climate change speech, I made the argument that we can’t ignore our responsibility as stewards of the planet God gave us.
Thrilled to announce that the Senate just voted to authorize my National Endowment for the Oceans amendment. This bipartisan vote of 68-31 is an important step towards protecting a resource that's integral to our economy & our planet. Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree.
Today I held a roundtable with Senators Ron Wyden and Marco Rubio to introduce our "Student Right to Know Before You Go" Act. This bipartisan legislation would help give students and their families more data about colleges and universities, including graduation rates, student loan debt, employment prospects and potential future earnings. Ana Blanco, a junior at Alexandria’s TC Williams high school, explained at the roundtable how the bill could help students like her. “I’m going to be the first from my family to graduate college and right now it’s hard when your parents don’t really know the college process, and you’re the one who has to do the research… to find out what am I going to do with my life, where am I going to go. To me it [this proposal] sounds like it would be a great benefit.” More here: http://1.usa.gov/10l9Qt5
