I held a discussion earlier this week with advocates for immigration reform, including leaders from the labor, business and faith communities, about efforts to fix our country’s broken immigration system.
Ben- Just saw a wave of posts regarding firearm legislation. Thanks for getting involved, have always supported common sense gun control. We can respect the 2nd amendment while still keeping people safe. Certainty  like to know where you stand on the issue welcome civil dialogue   on this matter. Hope everyone enjoys their weekend.
***U.S. Dot Agrees To Cardin Request To Postpone Closure Of Federal Contract Air Traffic Control Towers***  WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski along with Representatives C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger and John Delaney (all D-Md.) today praised the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) Secretary Ray LaHood’s decision to agree with their request to postpone plans to close federal contract air traffic control towers, including at five Maryland regional airports. The announcement follows their letter yesterday calling for a postponement as members of Congress continue to work on efforts to cancel sequestration. That letter is available here.  “Today’s announcement by the FAA to postpone closure of the 149 federal contract air traffic control towers -- including five in Maryland -- is an important step in trying to reach a solution that ensures public safety and addresses the multiples challenges such closures would cause,” said Senator Cardin.  “It is one more example of why sequestration is a bad policy that results in jobs loss for American workers and economic hardships for affected communities.   I am committed to ending sequestration as soon as possible; it’s bad economic policy for our state and our nation.”  “The decision to postpone these tower closures is a hard-fought important step in ensuring Maryland’s safety and economic security,” Senator Mikulski said. “Sequester is having real impacts in real communities with real consequences. I will continue to fight as we work towards a balanced solution to cancel sequester, protect jobs and get our economy rolling.”  “I am pleased that the FAA has decided to postpone this decision which would have had negative impacts on Martin State Airport in the 2nd District of Maryland,” Congressman Ruppersberger said.  “I applaud the FAA’s decision to delay the closures of the control towers in Frederick and Hagerstown. Keeping these towers open is important to local economic development. Hopefully, with this additional time, we can find a long-term solution that works,” said Congressman John Delaney.  The U.S. DOT has announced that it will delay closure of 149 federal contract air traffic control towers across the nation until June 15, 2013, which were set to be closed as early as this month. Secretary LaHood has stated that  sequester will slash more than $600 million from the FAA resulting in mandatory furloughs for nearly 47,000 air transportation employees and the closure of 149 federal contract air traffic control towers across the country. Air traffic control towers nationwide with fewer than 150,000 flight operations or 10,000 commercial operations annually are going to be closed. The Maryland closures would negatively impact national security as well as regional economic security.  The postponement keeps federal contract air traffic control towers operating at the following Maryland regional airports, which were set to close later this month or in May:      Easton/Newnam Field     Frederick Municipal Airport     Hagerstown Regional Airport     Martin State Airport     Salisbury-Ocean City Wicomico Regional Airport  # # #
On March 9, 2013,  several hundred national, state and local supporters -- broke ground for the 17-acre Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad State Park and Visitor Center, commemorating the life and legacy of the legendary abolitionist. The 125-mile Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad Byway was also unveiled during the Join the Journey Centennial Celebration, which marked the 100th anniversary of Tubman’s death.
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Kathie from Newark about the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act.
“In recent years, our country has been involved in an important discussion on the issue of marriage equality. While serving in the House of Representatives, I had the opportunity to act on a core belief of mine: we are a stronger country when we draw on the strengths of all Americans. I voted to repeal ‘don't ask, don't tell’ and was an original supporter of the bill that would make it illegal to discriminate against someone in the workplace because of their sexual orientation. It is also for that reason that I oppose amending either Indiana’s or our nation’s constitution to enshrine in those documents an ‘us’ and a ‘them,’ instead of a ‘we.’ With the recent Supreme Court arguments and accompanying public discussion of same-sex marriage, I have been thinking about my past positions and votes. In doing so, I have concluded that the right thing to do is to support marriage equality for all.”  -Joe
In speaking with North Dakotans from every corner of our great state, and much personal reflection, I have concluded the federal government should no longer discriminate against people who want to make lifelong, loving commitments to each other or interfere in personal, private, and intimate relationships.  I view the ability of anyone to marry as a logical extension of this belief. The makeup of families is changing, but the importance of family is enduring.
On Wednesday I met with Lynchburg Airport Director Mark Courtney about the planned May 5th closure of the Lynchburg tower.  I’m pleased FAA has pushed back the closure of 149 contract towers nationwide, including the one in Lynchburg, until June 15th. This is a step in the right direction.
Stops in Hampton, Norfolk, Virginia Beach, Prince George County, Richmond, Fort Lee, Lynchburg, Charlottesville, Wallops Island, Assateague & Chincoteague
Hope everyone has a relaxing weekend! Excited to spend mine with family on the beautiful Eastern Shore
Thanks to Mayor Tarr & the other local leaders that met with me in Chincoteague to discuss beach access to Assateague & other issues impacting the Eastern Shore
Thanks to folks for the tour of Assateague beach this morning. Such a national treasure and a great destination for families.
Standing with Newtown families, Sen. Blumenthal Rep. Esty, Mayor Segarra, and Newtown First Selectman Llodra to call for common sense federal gun reform
Three years ago, during the hours and days after the unspeakable mining tragedy at Upper Big Branch, I grieved with the miners’ families and all West Virginians. Not a day goes by that I don't think about the courage, sacrifice and extraordinary strength of our miners and their families, but on this sad anniversary, my heart and prayers go out to our beloved 29 miners and their loved ones. We will never forget.
I met with Nevada DREAMers today. We need to look at fixing the broken immigration system with our heads and our hearts. As one 12 year old Las Vegas resident put it, “...my parents and older sister aren't from here and I am only 12 and I have a younger brother who is a 1 year old. If our parents and older sister leave, then me and my brother would then have to go to a foster home and get seperated...''
Today's employment report again shows that our economy cannot afford more self-inflicted setbacks like the sequester. We need to focus on growth, not austerity. To spur greater job growth, Republicans should work with Democrats to make job-creating investments and replace the sequester with a balanced approach to deficit reduction that combines smart cuts with revenue measures such as closing tax loopholes for the very wealthy.  We all know this recovery has a long road ahead, and nobody knows it better than the workers who have lost their jobs in Nevada and across the nation. But only Congress can undo the serious effects of Republicans' harsh austerity. I hope my Republican colleagues will put partisanship aside and work with us for the good of the middle class.
Flashback Friday: Then-Governor Shaheen at Pease Air National Guard Base!
Senator Shaheen had this to say on the March employment report released today:   “Today’s jobs report shows that automatic, indiscriminate cuts are absolutely not the way to grow our economy. We need a balanced plan to deal with our debt and deficits while also creating jobs and protecting our economic interests, and the sequester is not going to accomplish that goal. Simply put, we must be smarter about the way we address our budget. Congress has an opportunity to work together across party lines to replace the sequester with a long-term, bipartisan plan that strengthens our economy and protects American families, and I am hopeful we can come together to find that common-ground.”
"I am honored for the opportunity to pay tribute tomorrow to those lost aboard the USS Thresher" - JS
Senator Schatz had a great briefing with PMRF today.
Senator Schatz met with West Kauai community business leaders today to talk about how the federal government can help small businesses.
How Senator Schatz Can Help You!  Right after Senator Schatz took the oath of office on December 27, 2012, he immediately got to work opening offices and hiring a staff in Washington, DC, and Hawai‘i. Helping to bridge the gap between Washington and Hawai‘i is a great team of field representatives including Bryan Andaya (O‘ahu), Kari Luna Nunokawa and Helen Nielsen (Maui), Marlena Castro Dixon (East Hawai‘i) and Clyde Kodani (Kaua‘i). The office also has several caseworkers to help constituents. These are men and women who care deeply about Hawai‘i’s future and want to work to help its people. If you need help with a federal agency, plan on visiting Washington, or need help receiving benefits, contact Senator Schatz’s staff in the Honolulu Office at (808) 523-2061.
NA
As North Korea continues to make threats against the United States, I’m reminding our military leaders about the critical role that Montana’s ICBMs and Airmen have in our national defense.
Visiting Paul's farm near Jal where algae is cultivated into fuel that's used to power our cars, trucks and equipment using produced water from the oil and gas industry and helping feed cattle nearby.
Look closely, it's Jalgae! Very interesting trip to Paul's farm near Jal to see how algae is cultivated into fuel that's used to power our cars, trucks and equipment. No foreign oil needed – this homegrown biofuel is made into cruel oil using produced water from the oil and gas industry and also contains protein that is fed to cattle nearby. Great example of the innovative things taking place that are creating an advanced energy economy and providing good jobs in rural communities.
Meeting with community leaders and following up on Small Business Administration funding that helped renovate the old Jal Junior High School into a business incubator to attract new jobs, increase tax revenue and promote private sector investment in the area.
Lots of things going on in Jal, NM. I met with community leaders at the Burke Industrial Complex – a 15,000 square-foot building that used to be the old Jal Junior High School and will soon serve as a business incubator for the city and surrounding community. We helped secure Small Business Administration (SBA) funding to renovate the complex and I'm pleased to see it will soon attract new jobs, increase tax revenues and promote private sector investment.
NA
