Check out Tammy's day touring Chippewa Valley Technical College and new construction in Chippewa Falls.
Excited to be touring Tolmar, Inc. this afternoon. This pharmaceutical research company was named the Colorado Bioscience Association’s 2012 Company of the Year and now it’s expanding; bringing more jobs to our state economy. Tolmar is another good example of the innovative work that is happening here in Colorado.
Our first stop on my two-day business tour is at Wolf Robotics in Fort Collins. They have been creating robotic welding cells for clients such as Caterpillar and Harley Davidson since their beginning in 1978. Colorado is known for its technological industry, and Wolf is a great example of Colorado innovation.
Colorado has been recognized for its innovation and bolstering startup industry. Last week, four Colorado cities were listed in the top 10 metro areas with the highest tech startup density. According to a report by Engine and the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation, Boulder earned the top spot, Fort Collins- Loveland second, Denver sixth, and Colorado Springs ninth.
Discussed Alberta's commitment to environmental responsibility and role as a supplier of energy to the United States with Premier Alison Redford
Good luck to all the North Dakota students and teachers as they begin another year of school this week.
Applications for Maryland students to attend the 2014 US Senate Youth Program are now open until Sept 17. Opportunity for our future leaders to see first-hand how government works. http://www.ussenateyouth.org/
To make college affordable, the focus must shift from short-term fixes to reducing overall cost. LIKE and SHARE if you agree.  My full statement on the President's proposal: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345580
If you live near Canton and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff at the Canton Community Center today from 1pm-4pm for mobile office hours. All are welcome to stop by!
Urging West Virginians to use caution and be prepared for excessive rain and possible flooding in the coming days.   The National Weather Service issued an advisory for the following 25 counties from 2 p.m. today through 11 a.m. Friday: Cabell, Lincoln, Boone, Kanawha, Putnam, Mason, Jackson, Roane, Clay, Calhoun, Wirt, Wood, Pleasants, Ritchie, Gilmer, Braxton, Webster, Randolph, Upshur, Barbour, Taylor, Harrison, Lewis, Doddridge and Tyler.  Make sure to visit the Storm Information Center on my website: http://1.usa.gov/1869v1u
NA
Had fun touring Norfolk Southern in Roanoke today after a town hall with workers!
Great to be in Chesapeake this morning for a roundtable with the Hampton Roads Realtor Association on housing finance reform. #GSEReform #hrva
