I visited the Early Learning Center at Delaware Technical Community College in Dover to learn what the teachers there are doing to get great results in preparing these students for Kindergarten. I truly believe focusing on early education can have a tremendous impact on the growth and development throughout a child's lifetime.
Congratulations to Arline Loh for being named one of the White House’s female Asian American and Pacific Islander Champions of Change. Arline works to bring attention to the dangers of Hepatitis B and how it can be prevented. She is a true leader and an outstanding Delawarean! I am so glad she is receiving the recognition she deserves. http://www.whitehouse.gov/champions/aapi-women/arline-loh
When a member of our armed forces is called to serve, their spouses and families serve along with them with remarkable fortitude, resilience, and selflessness. Military spouses often make tremendous sacrifices, and many put their careers after those of their spouses in uniform. Acknowledging all that military spouses give to our nation, I introduced the Military Spouse Job Continuity Act of 2013. To all of our military spouses in Pennsylvania, and throughout the nation, thank you for all that you do!
NA
I am working with the Illinois delegation to support Governor Quinn's request for federal aid to Illinois communities, like Marseilles, impacted by last month's flooding.
In Marseilles, Illinois with Mayor Smith and the US Army Corps to take a firsthand look at recovery efforts after last month’s flooding.
The SBA will open Disaster Centers beginning Tuesday, May 14th in Grant, Howard, Madison, and Tipton Counties to take questions and assist residents, small businesses, and non-profits with the disaster loan process.
Like this good news. In Fort Wayne, Deputy U.S. Marshal Tim Fraley received the Purple Heart for his extraordinary service and bravery with the U.S. Marshal Service. Senator Donnelly joined U.S. Attorney David Capp, Fort Wayne Police Chief Rusty York, U.S. Marshal Myron Sutton, and other attendees for the ceremony.
Photo taken in Afghanistan and courtesy of ISAF Leg Affairs.
I’ll be on Meet the Press this Sunday with David Gregory to discuss the Benghazi attacks and national security.
"Supporters on the Senate Judiciary Committee beat back GOP efforts to substantially change the immigration legislation."
I am steadfastly committed to equality and creating a fairer, more just society, so I am proud to cosponsor legislation to help ratify the Equal Rights Amendment. Because of strong support from local officials and community organizations, New Mexico's ERA has been invaluable to women's rights in the state, including access to reproductive health care for low-income women. By removing the ratification deadline for the federal ERA, we can help ensure all Americans are protected against discrimination based on sex. http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342705
Talking Farm Bill in Fargo area today and Bismarck Monday. We need a Farm Bill now!
Thanks to Speaker Bill Howell (R-Fredericksburg) for joining me today for the announcement of my bill to preserve historic battlegrounds. When I was Governor, I worked with him to make land conservation a priority and we announced the successful conservation of more than 400,000 acres of open space across Virginia.
Just announced the American Battlefield Protection Program Amendments Act at Slaughter Pen Farm at the Fredericksburg battlefield. This bipartisan legislation co-sponsored by Senator Thad Cochran (R-MS) will preserve historic battlegrounds, boosting tourism and conserving land while preserving the nation’s heritage.
Earlier today I spoke in Hoboken about Superstorm Sandy and a bill I recently introduced: the Safe Building Incentives Act. This bill would bring more hazard assistance money to New Jersey and apply retroactively for Sandy recovery efforts. 
 
 Check out my release about the bill here: http://1.usa.gov/17RJV2i
This is news that must wake up the world. We must dramatically reduce the amount of carbon we burn from the ground. The future of the planet is at stake.
To the class of 2013: Each of you is a part of West Virginia's future and we need young leaders like you now more than ever. Congratulations and best of luck to all of West Virginia's graduates. Video: http://bit.ly/13KqZRk
Congratulations to Ben Queen of Bridgeport  for being selected as an outstanding Young Entrepreneur by the National Federation of Independent Business Young Entrepreneur Foundation.   Ben is one out of only five high school seniors in America being awarded for his successful pursuit of owning and operating a small business. Wishing Ben the best of luck and will be pulling for him to win “2013 Young Entrepreneur of the Year” in June!   To read more: http://bit.ly/16tDNze
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 41 – Lincoln County  Fact: Named for our nation’s 16th President, Abraham Lincoln and birthplace of my dear friend Brigadier General Charles Yeager, U.S.A.F. Retired, the first man to break the sound barrier.  Recommendation: Great hunting opportunities at the Big Ugly Wildlife Management Area
If you weren't able to tune in last night, here it is. Click the link below to watch last night's interview with MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell.  http://on.msnbc.com/13JpT8k
We still have a long road to recovery from Superstorm Sandy.  But nice to see progress at Sachuest Point Road in Middletown.  Thanks to hard work and coordination at the federal and state level, including $475,000 in funds I secured through Interior Appropriations bill, the access road to Sachuest Point National Wildlife Refuge has been reopened.  Check out the photos from before and after the storm.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen today honored the courage and sacrifice of University of New Hampshire athlete Cameron Lyle, who gave up the final meets of his senior season to donate bone marrow to an anonymous recipient.  In their meeting, Shaheen presented Lyle with a statement she submitted to the Congressional Record to honor his “tremendous selflessness and compassion.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/12m5JzE (May, 10. Durham, NH)
Reminder: Senator Shaheen is hosting the New Hampshire Military Service Academy Day tomorrow, May 11, in Concord. For more information, visit: http://1.usa.gov/Y6RTE6.
Talking to Big J on Hot 101.9 to kick off my day in Billings.
In case you missed it: today's Albuquerque Journal editorial on my efforts to cleanup horse racing in New Mexico and across the country. "The industry should embrace the opportunity to provide meaningful input in an effort to fix problems that have plagued what once was called the sport of kings." We agree, and I look forward to introducing this bill to strengthen a sport with such rich history in New Mexico.
Firefighters work tirelessly every day, often risking their own lives to keep our families safe. I'm glad I got to meet with so many of our incredible Rhode Island Firefighter Chiefs yesterday. Thank you for you service!
"Today, at age 58, Warner is in the fifth year of his six-year Senate term, trying again to persuade others to follow his lead - or at least join a bipartisan crusade - to solve a national problem: getting control of a fast-growing national debt that he and others say is stifling a slow-moving economy... With only months remaining until a divided Congress shifts to re-election mode, the prospects of bipartisan compromise are dimming. All 435 House seats and 33 Senate seats, including Warner's, will be up for grabs.
 
 'I think this is our last, best chance,' Warner said in a recent interview. 'The country really needs this.'"
 
 More: http://1.usa.gov/11qfPEa   (staff)
On Military Spouse Appreciation Day, big thanks to all our Virginia military spouses for their support and sacrifices on the homefront.
