I was so proud to speak to all the mothers today at Moms Demand Action. Now is the time!
Today America saw the devastating face of sexual assault in the military. We need action now. http://cbsn.ws/YaGcqj
AmeriCorps members across the country, including right here in Colorado, help make our communities stronger, healthier, and safer through service projects. A couple of weeks ago, I chatted with AmeriCorps members at the Flying W Ranch in Colorado Springs, who were helping protect our watersheds in the wake of last summer’s devastating wildfires. This week is AmeriCorps week, so please join me in thanking them for their service across the country. Check out www.americorps.gov to learn more.
Many thanks to Joe Carbone of The WorkPlace, an amazing Connecticut organization training and educating CT's long term unemployed to give them the tools to get great jobs and improve Connecticut's workforce. Joe was down in DC speaking on a panel hosted by Mark Begich on workforce development.
Ben- It is clear we need a balanced approach to dealing with the budget- so we can continue to grow our economy and pull ourselves out of sequestration. It is disappointing to see such an unbalanced approach in the form of the Ryan budget. Instead of balance it uses smoke and mirrors to place an undue burden on middle income Americans and those in the Medicare program.  Senator Murray’s budget will be balanced between smart spending cuts -and revenue coming from rational tax reform.
This morning Senator Cardin-a long-time cosponsor of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) was joined by  Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder in Rockville today to announce grants for programs across the country that will be modeled after Maryland’s successful effort to help reduce domestic violence homicides. Speaking at the Montgomery County Family Justice Center, the Vice President and Attorney General shined a national spotlight on the Maryland Network Against Domestic Violence, which has utilized a comprehensive program to reduce Maryland’s domestic violence homicide rate by 34 percent over the past five years through a network of law enforcement, health professionals, faith organizations and others, to identify and support high risk victims with key services.  
 
 “Too many in our community – too many of our neighbors – suffer in silence at the hands of domestic violence, too afraid or ashamed to ask for help. Most often the victims are women, but the statistics permeate all socioeconomic, ethnic, racial, religious and gender groups,” said Senator Cardin. “Victims need our support, not just from law enforcement, which is at the core of ending the violence, but also medical care and economic opportunity. 
 
 “Maryland has not been immune to this problem but we are making a difference in the lives of women and men across our state. I am proud that our state is a model for the nation, demonstrating to victims of domestic violence that there is a way out; they deserve our respect and love, not violence and fear.
 
 “One in four women will experience domestic violence in her lifetime. An estimated 1.3 million women are victims of physical assault by an intimate partner every year. In Maryland, in 2009, there were more than 18,500 reported cases of domestic abuse and 38 fatalities.  This most recent reporting period has been the lowest number of domestic violence-related deaths on record for the state, but these numbers are still unacceptable.”
 
 In total, the Department of Justice will award $2.3 million to twelve sites across the country as part of the new Domestic Violence Homicide Prevention Demonstration Initiative (DVHP Initiative).  The DVHP Initiative, created by the Justice Department’s Office on Violence Against Women, (OVW) helps state and local jurisdictions reduce domestic violence homicides by effectively identifying potential victims and monitoring high-risk offenders.  The DVHP Initiative is modeled after programs in Maryland and Massachusetts, where the use of coordinated teams of law enforcement, prosecutors, health professionals and victims’ services significantly reduced the domestic violence homicide rate. 
 
 
 ###
Today at 2:30, I'll be chairing a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on the costs of "crisis governing" -- to both our government and our economy. Budgeting from crisis to crisis has high costs, including economic uncertainty and, perhaps worst of all, eroding faith that leaders can solve problems and get things done. We'll talk about it all today. Hope you'll tune in at the link below.
Do you have a question for Senator Coons? Post it here and it might be selected to be used as part of the next batch of "Correspondence from the Commute" videos where the senator personally responds to questions from Delawareans.
I’m focused on ensuring that veterans earn the benefits they earned and that we appropriately honor their sacrifices. – Sen. Joe Donnelly
I’m fighting to prevent egregious health insurance rate hikes in California and across the country. Read more HERE:
PHOTO: THANK YOU to Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America for coming to Washington and standing up for common sense gun laws.
Good luck to MWC champs New Mexico Lobos mens basketball team tonight! #GoLobos #UNM
In 2011, ND oil & gas production accounted for $30 bil in econ activity. 41,000 full-time jobs, NDSU study finds.
Recorded this video with a proud & heavy heart. Happy North Dakota National Guard unit is home, but sad about those we lost.
With a group of smart, engaged North Dakota Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs students this morning.
As a UND alum, it was a blast hanging out with the University of North Dakota Alumni Association last night.
Nearly 100 Soldiers w/ the North Dakota National Guard's 818th Engineer Company (Sapper) are back on U.S. soil. Welcome home!
Voted NO today on Senator Ted Cruz’s extreme amendment that would hurt Obamacare. This health care law gives millions of middle class families and seniors the health care security they need and deserve. Thanks to Obamacare, over 1.4 million New Jersey women now have access to preventative health care with no cost sharing, approximately 73,000 young people in New Jersey are able to remain on their parents’ health insurance, and New Jersey seniors have saved around $300 million on prescription drugs. It’s clear: Obamacare is working for the people of New Jersey. Glad this amendment failed.
Share if you agree: Income inequality is a real, growing concern in our nation, as it should be. We have middle class Americans that have gone years without seeing a raise, while CEO pay is soaring. It’s time we shine a light on CEO pay. That’s why I drafted a provision included in the final Wall Street Reform law that requires publically-listed companies to disclose this information. Now, we just need the SEC to make this a priority and finally implement the rule. http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-calls-on-sec-to-expedite-adoption-of-ceo-to-median-pay-disclosure-rule
Congratulations to Pope Francis and to Catholics across Connecticut and around the world!
Great meeting with Moms Demand Action today. Grassroots action helps Congress get the message: pass sensible gun reform now
Heartbreaking to hear of the death of Army Captain Andrew Pedersen-Keel in Afghanistan on Monday. A terrible loss for his family, Connecticut, and our country.
“Rape is the crime of a coward. Rapists in the ranks are masquerading as real members of our military, because our military is not about cowards. Now our military does an amazing job of training. I am so proud of our military, but unfortunately I believe that this is not a crime that we’re going to train our way out of.” - Claire
Congratulations and best of luck to all those who will be playing in the 100th state boy's high school basketball tournament.
Teaming up with Rhode Island Blood Center, Alex and Ani, and Teas and Javas for a blood drive on Monday, March 18th from 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. at 2000 Chapel View Boulevard in Cranston. Donors get free gelato from Teas and Java.
The Ryan Republican budget is anything but balanced. And it reflects the same backwards values Americans rejected in November. These drastic cuts will literally cost lives. They will also cost jobs. Congressman Ryan’s cuts will buy more tax breaks for the wealthiest among us. This budget isn’t a serious attempt to reduce the deficit.
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Click below to watch Senator Shaheen's interview with Andrea Mitchell on the need to address sexual abuse in our armed forces. At a Senate Armed Services subcommittee hearing this morning, Shaheen pressed top-ranking members of the military on steps to prevent sexual abuse and potential reforms to the military justice system. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/YooHVz
Senator Shaheen will be speaking about this morning's hearing on sexual assault in the military at 1:15 p.m. with Andrea Mitchell Reports on MSNBC. Tune in!
Corporate giveaways in must-pass bills undermine government and the trust of the people.  Montanans sent me here to fight for honest, transparent leadership and that’s what I’ll keep fighting to do.
Did you know U.S. mining law hasn't been updated since 1872? The government is basically giving away the public's gold, silver and other resources away for free. This is one of the biggest budget loopholes of the modern economy, and as we address the deficit and budget, it must change. Read more about it in the High Country News op-ed I wrote with my friend, Rep. Raul Grijalva. And share it if you agree!
We're working on a budget in the Senate and there is a clear choice between the Ryan Budget & the Senate Democrats' Plan.  
 Click the LIKE button if you agree and learn more here: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/DemBudget
I share the concern of a lot of our members on both sides of the aisle. The fact is we’re $16 trillion in debt, $16.5 trillion in debt, and it goes up $3 billion every night. None of this is self-correcting. It’s going to have to be reduced and dealt with. As a document, the document you’re going to put forward is not my, or probably any member’s, perfect solution. But it is credible, it is real, and it is a framework to ‘reboot’ some of our conversations.
“We in Virginia and particularly in Hampton Roads feel this more than most communities in America,” Senator Warner continued, “because we’ve obviously got a lot of presence of the Navy, of military, of folks on student assistance.  And we’re hurting now.  But other parts of America are going to start hurting too in the months to come.” (staff)
