Some might argue that we don’t need to raise the #minimumwage because of a pernicious myth that most minimum wage workers are just teenagers living at home with their parents who are trying to earn a little extra pocket money.  Here’s the reality: according to the Economic Policy Institute (#EPI), 88 percent of workers who would benefit from an increase in the minimum wage are not teenagers; in fact, the average age of the worker is 35 and the median age is 31.  Thirty-six percent are 40 or older.  Fifty-six percent of the workers who would benefit from an increase in the minimum wage are women; 28 percent have children; 55 percent work full-time.  On average, these workers earn on-half of their family’s total income. #RaiseTheWage
I am pleased that the Senate has passed this bipartisan legislation which will give certainty to over 30,000 homeowners across Pennsylvania. In the last few years, families across the Commonwealth have dealt with flooding that has battered homes and strained finances. Homeowners who have faced the challenges of flood damage will now have some peace of mind that this legislation will prevent sudden drastic rate hikes. #FloodInsurance
Our older Pennsylvanians have fought in our wars, worked in our factories and taught our children. Fraud against seniors is a cowardly crime. I’m introducing this web resource page on my website so Pennsylvania’s two million seniors and caretakers have an easy, central place to find information and connect with agencies that can give them the help they need.
Great to meet students from Lancaster Bible College at my Keystone Coffee this morning
Check out the latest video in our  “Just Ask Joe” series highlighting the many services available to Hoosiers from Joe's office. The newest installment features three Hoosier students chosen by Senator Donnelly for nomination to a U.S. service academy.
After finding a tarantula in Broad Canyon last week with Senator Tom Udall and Secretary Jewell, Senator Heinrich tells a great story from his childhood. A must watch! -STAFF
After continuing to call on the Administration to release more home heating assistance for North Dakota families, it’s good news they finally listened. Click on the release below for helpful info on how to apply.
In many parts of North Dakota, families are being forced to choose between paying drastically more to protect their homes in case of flooding or go without.  That isn’t a choice anyone should have to make.
From growing up working in my Dad's small ironworking shop to creating Governor’s Career and Technical academies, career and technical education has always been a passion of mine. Today I am proud to launch the Senate Career and Technical Education Caucus with Senator Portman to help students acquire the education and skills that will help them find employment and enjoy productive, successful lives after graduation. 
YOU let us know about your problems with flood insurance & are the ones responsible for our Senate victory today.   By passing this flood insurance bill, we can take a huge step forward to help the people who played by the rules their whole lives & are now facing skyrocketing rates they never could have prepared or planned for.  Now – let’s tell the House it’s up to them to finish the job.
Today I was joined by Senate Democratic women to say women need a raise so they can raise their families! Nearly two-thirds of minimum wage or less earners are women. Raising the federal minimum wage would lift the wages of 15 million American women. I’m fighting in the Senate to push for a living wage & fair pay for women. A full time job at minimum wage shouldn't mean full time poverty.  
Good to meet today with Marylanders of the National Federation of the Blind talking how we can empower those with disabilities.
Powerful message from Hadiya Pendelton's parents on why Congress cant move on to the next “it” cause: 
"After an exhaustive and careful study of the issue, these independent and diverse experts have reached an unequivocal conclusion - stripping commanders of their ability to launch courts-martial in sexual assault cases would not result in more prosecutions of predators or more protections for victims. Just weeks ago, we passed into law an historic re-write of the military justice system to curb these heinous crimes, with reforms grounded in sound policy. And as we aggressively implement those reforms, this panel's diligent work is providing us with crucial information that must inform any future debate about alternative proposals." -Claire 
Claire had the distinct honor of meeting with Philomena Lee, the subject of a recent book and Oscar-nominated film about her decades-long search for the son who was forcibly adopted and raised by a family in St. Louis. They had the opportunity to discuss Irish adoption laws and Philomena’s work to reunite American children separated from their Irish families through forced adoption. A moving story from an incredible woman.
An oil spill in the Arctic would be disastrous, and I am glad Shell is cancelling plans to drill in this sensitive area this summer. It is doubtful that drilling in the harsh and unforgiving elements of the Arctic can be done safely and the consequences of a mistake would be catastrophic. The Department of the Interior should cancel Shell’s lease and put a halt on all future leases in the Arctic, because drilling in the Arctic is just too risky and dangerous.
My statement on the passage of the “Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act” in the Senate:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2eea3ae0-865d-4b2e-b20d-da21990226d5  Thousands of West Virginia homeowners have been hit hard by unreasonable and unmanageable increases to their flood insurance premiums and are struggling financially as a result. With this legislation, citizens of the Mountain State and homeowners across this country will gain relief from these drastic rate increases. This legislation will delay some of the new insurance rates for four years, allowing FEMA time to finish its affordability study and giving Congress time to respond with practical, commonsense solutions for the National Flood Insurance Program. I’m pleased that my colleagues in the Senate have come together in a bipartisan way to help save hardworking Americans who are in need of affordable flood insurance.”
Today, the U.S. Senate voted 67-32 to pass a bipartisan bill to help advance flood insurance reform.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbMEfEgehUQ
15 days until pitchers and catchers report...
Office of Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Next week, I’ll be hosting my first telephone town hall of 2014 at 6:00 p.m. February 4th. Telephone town halls give me a great opportunity to connect with thousands of Granite Staters at once and take questions from people around the state, so I hope you’ll join me. Sign up by 6:00 p.m. February 3rd here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/teletownhall/   I look forward to speaking with you all.  
This week I called on the President to fully fund initiatives that strengthen public land access and Montana's outdoor economy.  SHARE the photo below to spread the word about the need to fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
Today, Rep. Henry Waxman, who I had the honor of working with to co-found the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change has announced his retirement. I look forward to continuing to work with Henry in the months ahead and I hope you'll join me in wishing him and his family great happiness and success in life after Congress.
It was great to meet everyone who participated in our Commonwealth Coffee this morning. This is a great way to welcome Virginians to the U.S. Capitol and hear their concerns. It’s one more way we work aggressively to be accessible so we can share ideas with constituents and help solve any issues they’re having navigating the federal bureaucracy. http://goo.gl/VU0j0c
