Gridlock has been the norm in the Senate for too long, and political obstruction is worse than ever. That's why Tammy has joined the charge for filibuster reform, to get the Senate working for Wisconsin. http://bit.ly/Sxc8qz
A wonderful way to end #inauguration weekend, meeting w/ students from Danbury, Connecticut, Waterford, Connecticut, Wilton, Connecticut & Central Connecticut State University #CTinDC
Yesterday, Culver Academies's Black Horse Troop marched for Indiana in the 57th Presidential Inauguration Parade. Beginning in 1897, the horse brigade has represented Culver Academies and the state of Indiana for presidents and many other leaders across the world. This tradition continued on Monday, and we’re honored to have had them march for Hoosiers in Washington. If you agree, “Like” this and “Share” with your friends here on Facebook.
Today is the 40th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s historic Roe v. Wade decision.   We must protect a woman’s right to choose.
Met with some smart students from my alma mater, Convent of the Sacred Heart High School, this morning. Enjoy your trip to Washington!
Today, I co-sponsored my first bill in the Senate. We need a five-year Farm Bill to provide economic certainly to North Dakota’s farmers. This bill is absolutely critical to North Dakota, and I'm making it a top priority.
David Borlaug and his daughters stopped by my DC office this morning- great having a little bit of North Dakota in DC!
Way to go Dakotas! I'm a proud graduate of North Dakota public schools! Graduation rates above average in the Dakotas http://shar.es/CfwNR
In case you missed it, I sat down with Norah O'Donnell, Senator Amy Klobuchar, and Senator Susan Collins to talk about the record number of women in the Senate.  http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=50139475n
Reminder to those left jobless by Superstorm Sandy: Deadline to register for Disaster Unemployment Assistance is February 4th. Note that the eligibility criteria for these benefits are different from that of traditional unemployment benefits. Click here for more info http://www.fema.gov/library/viewRecord.do?id=5043 and here to register: https://njsuccess.dol.state.nj.us/html/uimain.html
Four years ago on January 22, 2009, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act passed the Senate. Today, women still earn just 77 cents for every dollar a man makes. 
 
 I’ll introduce the Paycheck Fairness Act to stop wage discrimination from happening in the first place. 
 
 Lilly Ledbetter kept the courthouse doors open. Now it's time to finish the job by passing the #PaycheckFairness Act!
Honored to witness history with my friend and colleague Senator Ben Cardin as we commemorated the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. at the swearing in of President Barack Obama for a second term.
Today is the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade. I'm proud to stand with Connecticut women to protect reproductive rights.
Great visiting with students from CCSU, Danbury HS, Waterford HS, Wilton HS, and the Taft School who came to DC for the inauguration
Since joining the Senate six years ago, Claire’s been fighting to crack down on waste and abuse of taxpayer dollars, by overhauling wartime contracting, and strengthening accountability. Working across the aisle and leading the Subcommittee on Contracting Oversight, she proposed the first major overhaul of wartime contracting since WWII. Take an in-depth look at her long fight and what’s still left to be done.
Thank you to everyone who came to our Oregon coffee this morning. Be sure to tag yourself in the photo!
"40 years ago, the Roe v. Wade decision gave women in America the constitutional right to seek an abortion and in the four decades since, this ruling has protected a woman’s right to make her own personal healthcare decisions.  While we have made tremendous progress since this decision, the fact is more work remains because of ongoing threats to safe and legal reproductive health care in our country.  Every American should have access to the reproductive health care they need. On this anniversary, I’m committed to continuing the fight to protect women’s health care rights." - JS
Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding office hours tomorrow, January 23, in Windham and Salem for residents looking for assistance communicating with federal agencies and accessing federal resources. For more information, call (603) 647-7500  Windham Office Hours Community Development Center 3 North Lowell St. 1-2pm  Salem Office Hours Russell & Roberta Ingram Senior Center 1 Sally Sweet Way 11am – 12pm in the dining room
The American people, of all political persuasions, want a government that is able to respond to the needs of the country. We have to change the way we do business in Washington. We need reform. It is time for us to pay attention to jobs and the economy and the things that matter to American families. The challenges are too great, the stakes are too high, for a government of gridlock to continue. That is why I have been leading the charge for filibuster reform. Share this post if you agree!
This morning I began speaking from the floor on our proposals to reform Senate rules in a simple, limited and fair manner. I said more than two years ago that I would push for the same reforms at the beginning of the next Congress, and we're making good on that promise. Click here to watch exactly how we are proposing to end the widespread abuse of silent filibusters.
Yesterday was an inspiring day for our country as we celebrated the second inaugural of President Barack Obama. Inaugurations are about new beginnings and I was pleased to share the experience with our newest senator, my friend Martin Heinrich. Together, we're ready to make a difference for  New Mexico!
Continuing to play games with America's fiscal future will cause both short- and long-term damage to our national security. And neither the safety nor the financial well-being of the American people should be used as leverage by politicians angling for temporary partisan advantage.
