As the daughter and grand-daughter of immigrants, I am so pleased that the Senate today passed comprehensive immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship. To read my full statement, click here: http://1.usa.gov/14d1xV7.
NA
The immigration law has passed the Senate 68-32. Together, we've shown that the United States of America is a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws. On to the House now.
In a few moments, I'm heading to the floor to make my last floor speech before the Senate votes on the Group of 8's bill to fix our broken immigration system. Thank you to everyone who had a hand in moving this bill forward and to all of you have shared your stories. Watch the live C-SPAN stream NOW. Let's pass this bill.
Senator Blumenthal’s office is looking for interns! If you are interested in public policy and government, and want a behind the scenes, hands-on experience in our Washington DC office, you should apply to be a Fall 2013 intern. We are looking for both part-time and full-time interns who can work in our office from September through mid-December. Applications can be found at https://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/services/internships and are due on August 1, 2013. Questions? Call (202) 224-2823.
***SENATE PASSES  #CIR***   Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) called Senate passage of the Border #Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (#S744) an important step in the effort to return balance and fairness to the U.S. #immigration system, and essential to our economic growth and security. He urges the House to work in a bipartisan manner to pass the bill and send comprehensive immigration reform to the President to sign into law. Senator Cardin looks forward to future debates on complementary legislation that will improve our immigration system further.  His recent floor statement on immigration reform and S. 744 can be viewed here and downloaded here.     “Comprehensive immigration reform is long overdue. No matter what side of this debate you are on, most of us agree that America’s immigration system is badly broken.  What we need is a balanced immigration system that is fair.     “I was pleased when we started this process that bipartisanship and a spirit of healthy compromise were guiding this legislation. But this is not the bill I would have drafted. I am disappointed at the disproportionate amount of money provided for border protection. The cost benefit of the billions of dollars added to the bill in recent days is marginal and is subject to waste, fraud, and abuse without proper oversight.     “Border protection alone will not fix all the challenges facing our immigration system.  Immigrants should come legally through a door, not over or under a fence. #Visa holders should leave when their visas expire. But balance also must cut off the demand for undocumented workers by strengthening E-Verify for employers, to make sure employers only hire those who are in this country legally. Balance must provide a tough but fair way forward that allows some 11 million individuals and their families to come out of the shadows, get legal status, and earn a pathway to #citizenship.  Balance must reduce the legal immigration backlog and promote family reunification. And balance must continue to welcome refugees and asylees to our shores who are fleeing natural disasters and persecution in their home countries.     “I wish that we would have had the opportunity to make this bill better. Hundreds of amendments were considered and adopted on this bill but many non-controversial amendments, including some of my own, were blocked by partisans seemingly to throw a wrench in what had been a collegial process. Working with civil rights groups as I did, we could have improved the prohibitions and data collection regarding ethnic and racial profiling, encouraged immigrants on the pathway to citizenship to perform community service, provided better social services for Holocaust survivors, and made it more difficult for human rights violators to enter the United States.      “Despite my disappointments, my support for this bill is solidly grounded in the fact that our current system is broken. Reforming our immigration system is in the best interests of our country and the needs of our economy for both skilled and seasonal workers.  I urge my colleagues in the House to follow the example of the Senate, to listen to each other and revive a spirit of bipartisanship by working across party lines so we can pass comprehensive immigration reform.”
Today, I voted for a comprehensive overhaul of our nation's broken immigration system. With a final vote of 68-32, this was a truly bipartisan effort that both Democrats and Republicans should get behind. And although this legislation isn't perfect, it's a big step in the right direction. Now, the House should either take up this Senate bill or introduce legislation of their own. We can't allow ideology or partisanship to dictate the fate of this bill. As we learned over the past few weeks here in the Senate, we can find common ground and reform our immigration system for the long haul.
Today, after many weeks of debate, the Senate passed the bipartisan Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S. 744).
This legislation will help Pennsylvania’s thriving clean energy industry which has a proven track record of creating jobs and enhancing our state’s economy. Putting more clean energy infrastructure in place and making it easier for businesses to transport their goods using natural gas powered vehicles will reduce emissions and improve business’ bottom lines. I’m encouraging the Administration to leverage Pennsylvania’s clean energy resources in an effort to reduce our country’s reliance on foreign oil and spark substantial job growth.
STATEMENT: “China and other countries continue to manipulate their currency in ways that make it harder for Hoosier manufacturers to compete. This unfair practice has weakened our country’s economic growth and has led to a loss of American jobs.  The Currency Exchange Rate Oversight Reform Act is an important step towards a balanced and more effective trade policy, and I’m proud to support it.  I urge my colleagues to take prompt action and pass into law this common sense, bipartisan solution to help level the playing field for American businesses and manufacturers in the global economy.” – Senator Donnelly
After a 13 month deployment in Afghanistan, I'd like to welcome home the Indiana Army Reserve's 384th Military Police Battalion.  Over 60 soldiers were greeted by family and friends at Fort Wayne's Memorial Coliseum Expo Center yesterday. Among those returning home were several new fathers, including Spc. Riley Carter who held his daughter Paisley for the first time. Thank you to the entire Battalion for your honorable service. -Joe
I was proud to cast my vote today on the Senate’s comprehensive immigration reform bill, legislation to finally address our broken immigration system.
Today I joined a bipartisan group of senators to introduce a bill establishing a comprehensive nuclear waste policy.
Today is a great day in the history of a great nation. We are a step closer to fixing our broken immigration system in a way that meets the needs of our economy, provides a pathway to earned citizenship, and strengthens security at our nation's borders. As the son of an immigrant, I'm familiar with the unique promise America represents for families. I know how hard immigrants work, how much they believe in this country, and how much they're willing to give back. By passing immigration reform, we proclaim that the American dream is alive and well-that if you work hard you can get ahead. Este es el año.
Instead of ignoring problems like usual, the Senate took a major step forward in reforming our outdated, broken immigration system.
Getting ready to vote to #reform our broken #immigration system. Bill greatly increases border security to stem future illegal immigration.
Last night I played in the Congressional Women's Softball Game   with other members of the Senate and House. The game raised over $125,000 for the Young Survival Coalition, an outreach organization providing the tools and resources to young breast cancer patients and survivors.  #CWSG
Hoy el senado aprobó el proyecto de ley para lograr una reforma migratoria integral con gran apoyo bipartidista  - la señal más clara que demuestra que independientemente del partido político nuestra nación está lista para reformar nuestro sistema de inmigración. Esta legislación mejora la seguridad fronteriza, actualiza nuestro sistema de visas para atraer el talento necesario para que nuestra economía crezca y crea un camino justo y riguroso a la legalización que incluye a los “DREAMers” quienes consideran a este país como su único hogar. Para estos jóvenes, esta legislación significará el tener la oportunidad de finalmente sentirse protegidos mientras adquieren una educación, se enlistan en el ejército, o buscan su primer trabajo.  Con la aprobación de esta importante legislación, estoy orgulloso de que estamos continuando la tradición de los pobladores ingleses quien ayudaron a dar inicio a la gran historia de nuestra nación como una nación de inmigrantes cuando llegaron a Jamestown en 1607. Inmigrantes siguen contribuyendo enormemente a la riqueza de nuestro estado de Virginia y de nuestro país, y el día de hoy hemos demostrado que no solo somos una nación de leyes, sino también una nación de justicia e igualdad. Ahora que esta legislación pasa a la cámara de representantes, tengo la esperanza de que el voto de hoy manda un mensaje claro de que este proyecto de ley no es republicano o demócrata, sino bipartidista – una legislación que es buena para nuestra economía y fortalece los intereses de toda la nación.
Today the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform legislation with significant bipartisan support – the clearest signal yet that regardless of party, our nation is ready to fix our broken immigration system. This bill improves border security, updates our visa system to attract the talent needed to grow our economy, and creates a fair and rigorous path to legalization that includes the DREAMers who have only known this country as home. For these young people, this legislation will mean a chance to finally feel protected as they pursue an education, join the military, or search for their first job.   With passage of this important legislation, I’m proud that we’re continuing in the tradition of the English settlers who helped begin our nation’s great history as an immigrant nation when they landed at Jamestown in 1607. Immigrants continue to contribute greatly to the richness of our Commonwealth and our country, and today we have demonstrated that while we are a nation of laws, we are also a nation of fairness and equality. As this bill moves to the House, I am hopeful that today’s vote sends a clear message that this is not a Republican bill or a Democratic bill, but a strong bipartisan bill - one that’s good for our economy and serves the interests of the entire nation.
I cast my vote today for comprehensive immigration reform for my mother who came to this country from Cuba to give me and my siblings a chance at a better life. She worked extremely hard and made it possible for me to become one of 100 U.S. Senators. I can think of no better way to honor her sacrifice than by helping lead the way in passing this historic, bipartisan compromise that will finally fix our broken immigration system.
Percent of business owners in CT who are immigrants: 19%.  Annual business income generated: $2.05 billion. Immigration reform: Priceless.   Proud to have voted for immigration reform, thrilled it just passed in the Senate. I can only hope that the House of Representatives will realize that they need to step up as well and take action that mirrors this bipartisan bill.  #timeisnow
Legislation naming the new I-70 bridge over the Mississippi River in St. Louis the “Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge” unanimously passed the U.S. Senate today, and is expected to be signed by President Obama.
 
 “As Jack Buck would say, ‘That’s a winner. It’s a good day for St. Louis, St. Louis Cardinals Nation, and the Musial family—and I’m thrilled the #StanSpan will soon be a reality.” -Claire 
 More: http://1.usa.gov/1ajCqVD
Wall Street Journal Columnist James Taranto recently decried that Claire was launching a “war on men” in her efforts to combat sexual assault in the #military. Well, Claire responded today. Read her response to Mr. Taranto on The Daily Beast.
Realized earlier today that it was nearly 40 years ago that I took off on an amazing adventure, taking part in an exchange program in Ghana. Incredible experience. #tbt
After careful consideration, I believe that the “Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act,” is a step forward to finally reforming our broken immigration system and effectively securing our borders. My support of this bill came only after the Senate agreed on an amendment to significantly strengthen border security.  Read more:  http://1.usa.gov/11LMQc8
The Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act  would avert student loan interest rates from doubling on July 1st and provide a permanent solution that would lower and fix interest rates for 100 percent of newly issued student loans.  To watch today's press conference, please click here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPHM-OoKaIk&feature=youtu.be
My colleagues and I today officially introduced the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act. It is the only bipartisan, permanent fix that lowers interest rates for all students, especially the poorest, while also putting in place a consolidation cap that ensures student loan interest rates never become unaffordable.   We’ve had a year to fix this problem and I refuse to kick the can down the road again. It’s time Congress stops playing politics with our students’ future and passes a commonsense long-term fix.  To read more about our bill, please click here:  http://1.usa.gov/11QtCyH
Today’s bipartisan vote on comprehensive immigration reform is a historic and long-overdue step forward, but there is still a tremendous hurdle ahead in the House of Representatives.    The Senate bill represents a vast improvement over the current dysfunctional immigration system and ensures everyone plays by the same rules.  The bipartisan bill recognizes the need to strengthen border security and strike a balance between protecting jobs for Americans and helping us remain competitive in the global economy.  It provides a tough but fair pathway to earned citizenship and boosts our ability to retain the bright and talented leaders of tomorrow.    We are not at the finish line yet, but I will continue working with leaders in Congress to strengthen and improve the bill as it moves along the legislative process.  Fixing our broken immigration system is an opportunity to strengthen both our economy and communities and we must seize it.  The time for comprehensive immigration reform is now.
The prayers of DREAMers and all immigrants were answered in the Senate today. The bipartisan bill we passed will help millions of people who are tired of looking over their shoulders and fearing deportation to start down the pathway to citizenship. While I am sad that Senator Kennedy wasn’t here to see history made, I know he was looking down on us proudly.
Loved flying into LI MacArthur airport last week and meeting Joey Mueller on his way home from Afghanistan. Thank you for your service to our country.
Today Senator Shaheen voted for bipartisan immigration reform. The historic legislation passed 68-32 and represents the right way forward.   Like and share if you support commonsense, comprehensive immigration reform!
Today, we passed immigration reform. For those of us who live in Hawaii, this has special meaning. What makes our state so special is the ability to welcome people from all over the world to make a thriving economy, culture, and community. This vote is consistent with our values – we understand that the American Dream is rooted in immigration.
The bill the Senate passed today fixes our broken immigration system.  It secures our border, requires folks to earn their citizenship, and it improves our economy by verifying who is eligible to work and penalizing those who break the law.  It’s a fair, honest, and American solution – and it’s one that our forefathers who built this country would stand behind.
Glacier National Park's Going-to-the-Sun Road is now open.  Come and enjoy the Crown of the Continent.
Today the Senate has passed historic comprehensive immigration form in a strong, bipartisan vote of 68-32. I voted to approve it because I believe it will secure our borders, strengthen families, and support our economy. I carefully considered this bill and offered amendments to fight violent crime and drug trafficking on the border while expanding economic development opportunities at our ports of entry. I’m disappointed the amendments were not included, but this is a good bill that speaks to the best of our traditions and values and will help fix a broken system.  I am proud to come from a state where immigrant traditions are part of our identity and we celebrate our diversity. Native American, Hispanic and European traditions are folded into our culture and make our state the most special place in the country.  Today’s vote was historic, but there is still a long way to go before we can implement reform. I call on my colleagues in the House of Representatives to take up this bill or pass their own, and I hope the full Congress will build on the bipartisan spirit we saw in the Senate today and come together to move our nation forward.
Today, by a bipartisan majority of 68-32, the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform. This is a historic step towards fixing our broken immigration system and I'm proud to have voted for it. Now it's time for Speaker Boehner and the House to follow our lead. Click Like and Share if you agree.
I was proud to vote today to reform our nation’s broken #immigration system. The status quo is a burden on the economy and an impediment to innovation. This bipartisan compromise will grow our economy, reduce the deficit, and continue our proud tradition of offering everyone a fair shot at achieving the American Dream while also strengthening our borders.  #CIR
