“I did not run to make history; I ran to make a difference.” -Tammy talks about her historic swearing in to the Senate http://bit.ly/138TpUw
It's official: Tammy is a United States Senator. The people of Wisconsin, and all of our grassroots supporters across the country, have made history. Now it's time for us to roll up our sleeves and make a real difference for America's middle class.
Just wanted to pass along this thoughtful story from The Economist on why the recent fiscal cliff deal does little to address our nation's fiscal woes, while prolonging our likelihood to face future crises. Take a look.
Senator Casey invites you to a FREE seminar at the Pennsylvania Farm Show designed to assist Pennsylvanians in learning to avoid being victimized by scams. Click the link below for details.
Thanks to Sen. Evan Bayh, Sen. Birch Bayh, and all supporters back home for making yesterday memorable. - Photo courtesy of Matthew Lehner
Sen. Donnelly promised he’d fight for Hoosier families and their values while in Washington. Yesterday, Joe took one step closer in fulfilling this promise as he was sworn in as Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. “Like” this page and receive all upcoming news on Senator Joe and his fight for Hoosiers in D.C. - Photo courtesy of Matthew Lehner.
PHOTO: Proud to take the oath of office with Vice President Joe Biden for another term representing California in the U.S. Senate.
VIDEO: I joined the historic number of women senators (20!) for an interview with ABC News.    I am so proud to be part of the largest group of women senators in the history of the United States.   WATCH HERE:
I am so honored and humbled today to be sworn in to the United States Senate representing the great state of North Dakota. I could not have asked for a better way to begin my time in the Senate, than to have Senators Conrad and Dorgan by my side, two remarkable men who were magnificent public servants while serving the people of North Dakota in the United States Senate. I look forward to getting right to work for the people of North Dakota as we look to tackle some major issues facing our state and country in the weeks and months ahead.
The House's action to help Sandy flood victims is a step forward - albeit needlessly delayed. Republicans MUST pass the rest of the Sandy Relief package IN TACT to provide the type of resources that many communities, small businesses and families need to fully recover from the storm.
I was glad to be joined by a historic number of Senate women in the 113th Congress for a discussion with Diane Sawyer of ABC News.
ABC News did a nice page on the advice women Senators would give to boys and girls.
"I'm thrilled to attend the Inaugural Ball tonight for New Hampshire's new Governor Maggie Hassan! I am looking forward to working with Governor Hassan on behalf of the Granite State." - JS
UM's Upward Bound initiative ensures that veterans who want to get a higher degree can start their college career off on the right foot.  Orientation for its college prep courses will be on January 31 from 5 to 6 p.m.  For more information or to enroll, call 877-356-VETS or click the link below.
Earlier today I introduced legislation with Senator Jeff Merkley and Senator Tom Harkin to reform our rules and restore real debate in the U.S. Senate. We have the power to change the Senate from being a graveyard for good ideas to one that can respond effectively to the challenges facing our nation. Our proposal is simple, limited and fair – read about it here:
Today we began the first day of the 113th Congress. We have much work to do for New Mexico and our country, and I look forward to the challenges ahead with old and new colleagues, especially Senator Martin Heinrich, Rep. Ben Ray Lujan, Michelle Lujan Grisham for Congress and Congressman Steve Pearce.
Senator Tim Kaine assured Senator Warner yesterday that he knew who was now the JUNIOR senator from Virginia. (staff)
