We must implement measures to prevent guns from being in the hands of severely troubled people.   We must stop this madness. http://j.mp/1io2cIo 
It’s imperative that my colleagues and I find a sensible way to replenish the Highway Trust Fund and pay for a transportation bill that will continue to invest in infrastructure in Delaware and around the country. 
It’s important that we continue to preserve and support the First State’s beautiful environment and proud agricultural tradition. That’s why I’m glad to see the Farm Bill paying dividends with today’s USDA announcement that the Chesapeake Bay Watershed is a designated critical conservation area.
Joined by veterans from #NEPA, I'm laying out a bipartisan plan to reduce The #VABacklog
NA
Starting the community discussion on violent crime at Forest Manor.
Discussing the challenges of violent crime with Indianapolis community members in the Haughville neighborhood at Christamore House.
Meeting in Fishers this afternoon with Hamilton and Boone County law enforcement, elected officials, medical professionals and community leaders to discuss the challenges of heroin use and prescription drug abuse.
Good news: USDA will expedite food safety standards for Campylobacter, Salmonella. We must reduce foodborne illness. 
The resolution reached today on the SunZia Southwest Transmission Line in New Mexico means that unparalleled military testing at White Sands Missile Range and a transformational clean energy infrastructure project can exist in harmony. All the while, New Mexico stands to gain thousands of good-paying construction jobs. 
Pilot training is critical for maintaining the most advanced and capable Air Force in the world, and Very Lightweight Jets have the potential to provide a state-of-the-art training platform while saving significant taxpayer dollars — all while creating good-paying manufacturing jobs in New Mexico. 
Took a tour of the new Northland Community Health Center clinic in Minot today. I was also honored to receive the Distinguised Advocate Award from the National Association of Community Health Centers. Community health centers play a critical role in providing care for rural communities and struggling families across North Dakota. As the state’s population grows, our health care system is feeling added pressure, and more clinics, like in Minot, make a big difference. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d5f9e9df-2a9d-4ffc-b889-075bcec499e7
Today, I participated in a Small Business Opportunity Roundtable in Minot hosted by the Small Business Administration. We were able to connect small businesses and area entrepreneurs with the resources they need to be successful in North Dakota. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=0466fc10-84d0-41cf-af5c-3db40549c424
I was happy to welcome U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski to RI today. Sen. Mikulski is the longest serving female senator in U.S. history and Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, which annually allocates and steers federal funds to states and federal agencies across the country.  Sen. Mikulski joined me, Governor Chafee, and Warwick Mayor Scott Avedisian at T.F. Green to get a firsthand look at how RI is effectively leveraging federal dollars to complete critical projects like modernizing the airport and upgrading local transportation infrastructure to spur economic development.  During a visit to Providence ¡CityArts! for Youth, with Sister Ann Keefe, we also discussed the importance of federal investments in the arts for community, education, and economic development.  ¡CityArts! serves over 1,200 youth in afterschool and summer arts programs, offering learning experiences in visual art and design, performing arts, and creative writing.
Here in Nevada, passage of the Senate’s comprehensive immigration reform bill would boost the economy by $325 million and create thousands of new jobs. It would also generate millions more in state and local taxes.   21 percent of Nevada business owners are immigrants and these businessmen and women generate $1.1 billion in income for the state each year. The Senate bill also includes an extension of the Travel Promotion Act, which has been highly successful in attracting international travelers to Las Vegas.  I hope Speaker Boehner does the right thing and allows a vote on comprehensive immigration reform soon.
Senator Shaheen honored those who have given their lives for our country at Memorial Day parades in Manchester and Plaistow. Shaheen delivered remarks at the Manchester ceremony commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War and honoring Vietnam veterans and the Plaistow ceremony.
As the Billings Gazette reports, the health of Native Americans has been jeopardized by what they call a dysfunctional Indian Health Service. That’s why I’m holding a field hearing to hear from folks on the ground about how we can improve the delivery of health care for Indian Country. Read more: bit.ly/1kkBJA0
Enjoyed being with the Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce today to discuss our #1 priority – jobs. Our business leaders do the heavy lifting, creating businesses and bringing new jobs to the area, and I’m committed to working with them on partnerships and collaboration that will grow New Mexico’s economy. We still have a lot to do, but we can meet this challenge together.
