Yesterday I joined Representative McDermott to introduce new legislation that would prevent Members of Congress from being paid should we fail to raise the country’s debt ceiling and the government defaults on its bills.
Wisconsin has always taken the path of leadership in advancing health care reforms that serve as models for the rest of the country. It’s time to seize the opportunity to take that path once again. It’s time to move health care reform forward and put progress for Wisconsin ahead of politics. -TB.
There’s a lot of talk these days about losing momentum, diminishing passion, we’re here to say the momentum is strong, the passion is stronger. We lost the first vote, but we’re going to win the last vote. On this 6 month anniversary of the massacre in Newtown, with over 5,000 gun deaths in America since that fateful day, it is clear that we must act now to end gun violence.
Great work
U.S. Helsinki Commission  ***LIVE WEBCAST: U.S. HELSINKI COMMISSION TO HOLD HEARING ON SYRIAN REFUGEES 2:00 p.m.***  This hearing will focus on the more than 1.6 million Syrian civilians who have fled the ongoing violence in their country, their impact on the countries that are hosting them, and international efforts to support these refugees as well as the more than 5 million Syrians who are displaced in their own country. The countries that have opened their borders, and in many cases their homes, to the Syrian refugees include Turkey, The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe participating State, Jordan an OSCE Mediterranean Partner Country, and Lebanon, a country that has been historically engaged in the OSCE process. OSCE Partner, Egypt, and Iraq have been impacted by this crisis as well.   The United National High Commissioner for Refugees( UNHCR ) estimates that by the end of 2013 there will be one million refugees each in Turkey, Jordan and Lebanon.  After more than two years, a resolution to the conflict remains elusive and the suffering of the Syrian people continues unabated. The hearing will examine the U.S. and international response to this unprecedented and expanding humanitarian crisis that threatens to destabilize the entire region.    The following witnesses are scheduled to testify:  Anne C. Richard, Assistant Secretary for Population, Refugees and Migration,  U.S. Department of State  Michel Gabaudan, President,  Refugees International  Jana Mason, Senior Advisor for Government Relations, UNHCR Washington Regional Office  Yassar Bittar, Government Relations and Advocacy Associate,  Coalition for a Democratic Syria - CDS  التحالف من أجل سورية ديمقراطية  The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
Outstanding leaders from Equality Delaware are in Washington today to visit the White House as part of Pride Month, so they stopped in to say hi!
Over the years, my most significant concern with the Patriot Act has been Section 215, which can be used to obtain sensitive personal information of innocent Americans without any connection to a suspected terrorist or spy. Last year, the government filed 212 Section 215 orders – an increase from 21 orders in 2009. I want to ensure that the government can obtain the useful information we need to stay safe, but still protect the privacy of innocent Americans.
Maria came to the United States from Mexico when she was eight years old and settled in Los Angeles. She graduated tenth in her high school class with a 3.9 grade point average, and was accepted by every college she applied to. Maria decided to live at home and attend UCLA. She rode the bus to and from school every day, a two and a half hour commute each day. While she was a full-time student, she worked to clean houses and baby sat to help pay for her tuition. She graduated from UCLA with a major in sociology and a minor in public policy. Maria had always dreamed of becoming an architect, so she enrolled in a Masters of Architecture program at UCLA, where she was the only Latino student in the program. Last year, Maria received her master’s degree in architecture and urban design. In her letter to Senator Durbin, she said: “Like the thousands of other undocumented students and graduates across America, I am looking for one thing, and one thing only: the opportunity to give back to my community, my state, and the country that is my home, the United States.”
Gearing up for the Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park.
On May 30 and 31, 2013, Senator Donnelly spoke with health care professionals and researchers, military and civilian support providers, servicemembers, and veterans to learn about what services are working, where there can be improvements, and to discuss his first bill, the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2013. Named after Farmland, Indiana native Jacob Sexton, who tragically took his own life in 2009, this bill would establish a pilot program aimed to integrate mental health components into a servicemembers’ annual health assessment in an effort to better identify risk factors for mental illness so that service members can access preventative care.
Senator Donnelly wants to mark this June as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month, and here’s why.
6.12.13
Proud to be the first Senator to pose for a #NOH8 #NOH8ontheHill photo with the NO H8 Campaign today!
Today, I delivered my first Senate floor speech. I am proud to highlight the important role that New Mexico has played and will continue to play in shaping the nation’s energy future, and that our capacity to deal with many of our 21st century challenges–including solving climate change–rests heavily on our ability to make policy that is driven by facts, by data, and by science.
NA
Fantastic morning with the Association of Defense Communities and the Grand Forks Base Realignment Impact Committee.
On Wednesday, June 12, Senator Patrick Leahy questioned NSA Director Keith Alexander on cyber security and NSA programs.
Significant border security provisions in the immigration reform bill before the Senate should clear the way for broader reform, Senator Patrick Leahy said in a floor statement Wednesday.  Leahy, who successfully added two border-related amendments to the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act during Committee consideration last month, noted the legislation appropriates money for fence building and boosts the number of Customs and Border Protection officers.  To continue to make progress, Leahy said the nation’s laws must also “address the root causes of illegal immigration.”
I don’t think we should be waiting until the next superstorm before thinking about how we can limit climate change. 
 
 That’s why I signed a letter with my East Coast colleagues Sens. Schumer, Gillibrand, Blumenthal & Murphy urging the President to take executive action to curb carbon pollution: http://1.usa.gov/13Iv2MQ
Penny Pritzker is an experienced and respected business leader.  She is also a good corporate citizen, supporting education and cultural institutions in Chicago.  She knows how to create jobs – and will bring new energy and ideas to the Department of Commerce.  
 
 I look forward to supporting her nomination and working with her at the Department of Commerce to create jobs, support businesses and get our economy rolling through manufacturing and trade.
Refreshing & reforming education for our kids is critical to their success and preparing them for jobs tomorrow. I'm pleased the Senate HELP Committee voted to pass the Strengthening America's Schools Act  to update #ESEA and improve our schools, putting children on a path to success.
My statement on U.S. military assistance to opposition groups in Syria:
Standing with Newtown families & my colleagues to deliver a message to those blocking gun reform: we are not going away
In order for the American people to have a real debate on surveillance issues, we must declassify the secret interpretations of the law.
West Virginians, we are one week away from West Virginia Day. Join me in celebrating by commenting with what makes our state special to you.
West Virginians being impacted by the recent storm, please be incredibly careful. I urge you to visit my Storm Information Center for information on available resources.   Please contact your county office of emergency services for immediate assistance. County Emergency Services should be your first point of contact: http://www.dhsem.wv.gov/countycontacts/Pages/default.aspx     http://1.usa.gov/ZM6hQG
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 7 - Hampshire  Fact: Created in 1754, Hampshire is our oldest county.  Tourism: Experience natural and local history on board the Potomac Eagle Science Rail Excursion Train. http://www.potomaceagle.info/
I want to be very clear: In order to be effective, the gun violence prevention bill that passes the Senate must include background checks, and not a watered down version of background checks. Don’t give up. The fight is right and that’s why we are going to win.
I met today with the siblings and parents of boys, girls and educators who were tragically killed in Newtown, CT six months ago. We can never take the names of the victims out of our minds. We must put a stop to gun violence. The Senate will pass background checks — it is just a matter of when.
"Common sense immigration reform is long overdue. We need to fix our broken immigration system by strengthening our borders, cracking down on employers who hire undocumented workers, and finding a sensible way to deal with the millions of undocumented workers who are already living in America without paying taxes. I was disappointed by the Senate's lack of progress this week on comprehensive reform, and I am hopeful that we will move quickly when the Senate reconvenes next week. We have an obligation to address this issue without delay." - JS
Ready for Game 1 of the NHL Finals! Let's go B's!
I'm taking advantage of my new chairmanship to improve veterans' access to quality mental health care in rural America.  My new bill will strengthen mental health care to help ALL VETERANS get the care they need: http://1.usa.gov/ZMFmnK
"We can have our freedoms, we can have our civil liberties, and we can have our security, but we need to have a debate to make sure we're heading in the right direction as a country." Watch me explain my opposition to NSA data mining: http://bit.ly/12Jh8yE
Unless Congress takes swift action, Stafford student loan rates will double on July 1st. I am supporting Senator Jack Reed's legislation to stop this from happening. 
 
 Click LIKE if you agree that it’s time to renew our commitment to affordable education, not double student loan rates.
“When I was Governor, we were able to bully the legislature into approving a $2.2 million in scholarships to those who lost educational opportunities due to Massive Resistance and Virginia’s decision to close rather than integrate its schools in the late 1950’s and 60s. However, history affects us but doesn't always change us. I vividly recall the very day those first scholarship recipients came to the Virginia Capitol to celebrate, the legislature was adopting some of the strongest anti-gay marriage legislation in the country.”  -Sen. Warner  (staff)
The Administration needs to be more transparent about trade agreement negotiations so the public can have real input in the process. I believe in transparency and democracy, and I think the U.S. Trade Representative should too. Read the letter I sent today to USTR nominee Michael Froman: http://1.usa.gov/19vg2IA
