Yesterday, the Democratic women of the Senate stood together at an amazing event to say that no woman in America should work full time and still have to raise her children in poverty.  Two-thirds of minimum wage workers are women. Two-thirds of tipped minimum wage workers are women. And in two-thirds of American families, women are the breadwinners or co-breadwinners. But right now, a mom who is working full time in a minimum wage job to support her kids earns just $15,000 per year — below the poverty line for a single mom.  The good news is that when we raise the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour, it will lift up our economy. It will lift up our workers. And it will lift up millions of women and children all across this country.
Sex trafficking is a truly heinous crime that often preys on vulnerable women and children. It’s important that law enforcement and fans stay vigilant this weekend since major sporting events can be a magnet for traffickers. In the coming year, Congress has the opportunity to act on a bipartisan basis to strengthen human trafficking laws. No person in our country should have their lives stolen by human traffickers.  The National Human Trafficking Hotline 1-888-373-7888 New Jersey Human Trafficking Hotline: 1-855-363-6548 New York City Human Trafficking Referral Tipline: 212-335-3400  #SuperBowl 
Also thanks to Tessa for checking my blood pressure. A group of @univofscranton students are helping to keep seniors healthy at @UNCnepa
Great to be at @UNCnepa with Mayor Courtright to talk about ways to protect our seniors. Thanks to @univofscranton volunteers for stopping by.
If you run a business in Delaware, sign on to these best practices for hiring the long-term unemployed. Help us help our neighbors!
In case you missed it, the White House has instructed the Labor, Commerce and Education departments to begin to better tie training programs to the jobs available today, an effort Senator Donnelly has been pushing for with two of his bills: the America Works Act and the Skills Gap Strategy Act. Senator Donnelly met with the President earlier this month to promote these very efforts.
By implementing a DryFining demonstration project, Great River Energy's Coal Creek Station near Underwood, North Dakota, has reduced sulfur dioxide and mercury emissions at the facility by 40%, nitrogen oxide by 20%, and carbon dioxide by 4%, and cut its expenses by $20 million annually. Proud to see such an innovative clean coal project taking place in North Dakota.
I'm thrilled North Dakota will receive more than $3.4 million in federal resources to help low-income families, Native American tribes, and seniors heat their homes this winter and pay their energy bills. I have long called for the release of these funds. Find out if you're eligible for Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) support.  Eligible families living outside Indian reservations, must apply directly to the State of North Dakota to receive LIHEAP funding. For eligible families living on Indian reservations, their tribes need to directly apply to the State of North Dakota to receive LIHEAP funding, which is then distributed to those on the reservation who qualify.   To ask questions or to receive help filling out an application, individuals not living on Indian reservations can contact their local County Social Service Offices here: http://1.usa.gov/1dT1iA8. Individuals living on Indian reservations, can contact their local tribal offices:  Spirit Lake Tribe: (701) 766-1200, ext. 227  Standing Rock Sioux Tribe: (701) 854-7588 Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation - Fort Berthold: (701) 627-3638 Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa: (701) 477-3368 Sisseton Wahpeton Oyate: Please contact South Dakota’s LIHEAP office for further details at 800-233-8503 
Today, we are one step closer toward approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. This report again reaffirmed that construction of the pipeline will have minimal environmental impact. It also recognizes what I have repeatedly stated – regardless of whether this pipeline is built or not, the Canadian oil-sands will be developed. The question is, will Canada move it to the U.S. to be refined, or somewhere else across the globe? We have the opportunity to make sure it comes to the U.S., where it would boost domestic energy production by bringing in oil from our greatest trading partner and friend, and continue to move us toward North American energy security and independence – a goal we all want to achieve.
Essential Air Service is crucial for North Dakota's rural communities -- supporting our towns and boosting our businesses. Today, Devils Lake and Jamestown were awarded new EAS contracts. SkyWest Airlines will offer flights to each airport from Denver. Last week, I met with the U.S. Department of Transportation to reiterate the importance of rural air service to our state. I'm thrilled to announce this news.
I’m pretty excited about my first Buzzfeed Community post: http://bzfd.it/1cCRcHW   It’s about keeping American oil in America & includes photos comparing the 1970s to today.   BONUS: If you check out the post, you get to see a photo of me from the 70s.
American families now owe more in student loans than in credit card debt. I know — my wife and I are still paying back our college loans. That’s why I’ve joined with Senators Brian Schatz, Patty Murray, and Bernie Sanders to introduce a bill to change that. It’s called the College Affordability and Innovation Act. I hope you’ll learn more about it and join the campaign to pass it.
I've been incredibly frustrated for more than five years by the repeated and unnecessary delays in moving forward with the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. I'm very pleased the State Dept. has confirmed there is no evidence of any negative environmental impact from building this pipeline. It is plain common sense to buy oil from America’s friends and not our enemies, and Canada is one of our closest friends and allies. Let’s seize this opportunity, which is estimated to create 20,000 direct jobs during construction and 118,000 indirect and spinoff jobs. The pipeline will also add $20 billion to our recovering economy, so every state will benefit. I encourage the Secretary of State and the President to take the final step necessary to approve the pipeline’s construction because there is no doubt that this is in our nation’s best interest.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e87386c0-a18e-4276-bea5-38f274ccd584 
Glad to join my fellow West Virginians today in Charleston at the Annual Groundhog Breakfast and Economic Forecast and at the West Virginia Mining Symposium.
Which to choose, @denverbroncos or @seahawks M&Ms? Any thoughts @senpattymurray #markudall #mariacantwell #michaelbennet ? #superbowl
Love it when NY hosts the #SuperBowl: met @nyGiants Terrell Thomas @t2ny & talked w/ Joe Benigno of WFAN 660
On air this am w/ @MarcErnay @1010winsNEWYORK talking @t_masahiro18 @yankees and #SuperBowl
New Yorkers are still rebuilding & today's vote to #FixFlood insurance rate hikes will help.
So great to meet with student council members from Pinkerton Academy yesterday. Hope they enjoy this weekend’s leadership conference!
“The Lunar New Year is a special time for us to celebrate the vibrant customs of the Asian American and Pacific Islander communities. In Hawai‘i and around the world, as families gather to celebrate the Year of the Horse and look towards the future, we are reminded of the diversity that enriches our state. From cuisine to commerce – culture and the arts – the contributions and strong values of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have strengthened the fabric of our society and have made Hawai‘i and America a diverse and special place. On behalf of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, we wish you and your loved ones happiness, prosperity, and good health in the new year.  Happy New Year!” - BES  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTvGw_1uMxw
Join me in congratulating Flathead County's Nicole Heavirland and Gunnar Boose on their acceptance to the U.S. Military Academy.  I was proud to nominate them and wish them and their families good luck as they continue Montana's proud military tradition.
I'm pleased to announce critical funding to help New Mexico communities pay for services like roads, schools and public safety. I fought hard for PILT which stands for Payment in Lieu of Taxes – on behalf of New Mexico counties and local governments, many of which reached out to me about the importance of this program for our citizens. I have been working with a bipartisan coalition here in Congress to get PILT funds moving, and as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I will continue fighting for full PILT funding to support the quality of life in our local communities. Click here for an interactive map of PILT funding throughout New Mexico.  http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=1535
I was proud to host Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell in Doña Ana County last week for a tour of the proposed Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument and a public meeting in Las Cruces. Click below to see a wrap up our visit and share with others the story of #OMDP4NM in the making.
Hosting a public meeting in Las Cruces on the proposed Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument with Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell and Sen. Martin Heinrich to hear directly from the community about their vision for public land management in southern New Mexico.
Today, the State Department released their Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement on the Keystone XL pipeline. This report underestimates key factors about the pipeline’s effect on carbon pollution and climate change.   Fortunately, today’s statement isn’t the last word. Please join me in urging Secretary Kerry and President Obama to look beyond State’s flawed report, which is at odds with the President's Climate Action Plan, and deny the Keystone XL pipeline.
Flood insurance matters to Rhode Islanders. And I'm glad to say that today the Senate passed the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act, 67-32. This bill would delay rate hikes for thousands of Rhode Island homeowners and I hope the House will pass this bill in the same bipartisan fashion the Senate did today. I'm also glad to say that the bill includes an amendment I wrote to cut through red tape and burdensome costs that can hamper habitat restoration projects, like the Upper Pawcatuck River restoration projects. In the video below, I explained to my colleagues why we needed to include this amendment.  
Looking forward to chairing a hearing on Monday on the recent data breaches at Target and other retailers. Consumers must rely upon retailers and financial service providers to adequately protect their sensitive financial information. It's important that the Banking Committee uses its oversight responsibility to examine whether retailers are taking every appropriate action to safeguard their customer’s personal financial information, and explore ways to minimize the harm that can be caused by this type of fraud and identity theft.
