Today I got to meet with some bright students from the University of Delaware who came to visit my Washington, D.C. office. What a great group! Our future is secure with leaders like these.
Today, Senator Donnelly gave his maiden address on the Senate floor. Share this photo with your friends if you're for common sense policies that would develop local economies and create more good jobs.
In case you missed it – watch Senator Donnelly’s first full speech as U.S. Senator.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Donnelly talks job creation and the economy in his first speech as U.S. Senator.
Hoosier common sense is Joe’s approach to helping businesses and communities create more jobs and build their local economies. At approximately 12:45 PM, Senator Donnelly will give his first speech as U.S. Senator. Share this link with your friends, and click here to watch it live.
W/small biz owners. Folks browse, then buy online b/c internet vendors don't collect taxes owed. We need the Marketplace Fairness Act.
Great meeting w/ NDSU Extension Service.  Discussed the important work they do in North Dakota.
Very pleased Sylvia Mathews Burwell was confirmed as OMB Director today. She is the right person for the job.
It is almost six months since Superstorm Sandy hit New Jersey and, here in Congress, we have not forgotten about you.
 
 Monday, Senator Lautenberg, Congressman Pallone and I announced that the Sandy Hook Unit of Gateway National Recreation Area will receive $1,994,889 in federal aid to repair roads damaged by Superstorm Sandy. We all know this is not enough, but it does help move New Jersey forward. Check out the full press release here: http://1.usa.gov/17N8V95
 
 As I look at the photo below taken near Sandy Hook on November 1, 2012, I hope we can continue making more and more positive announcements that will help struggling New Jerseyans.
With your help, this morning Claire will chair her first Financial and Contracting Oversight hearing at 10am ET/ 9am CT on marketing tactics of medical equipment companies and how taxpayer dollars can be saved from over payments. Watch the hearing LIVE using the link below.
Every miner should wake up in the morning and expect to come home safely to their loved ones at night.  That is why we need to continue to improve mine safety so that our miners’ lives are never in jeopardy.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/17TNO4V
Every day we don't act to pass the Marketplace Fairness Act is another day we risk another small business closing its doors in West Virginia and around the country.   Senator Manchin, as a proud cosponsor, delivered remarks yesterday in support of the bill.  Watch his remarks here:  http://1.usa.gov/15GXH9S
Hosting a roundtable and job fair for service members and veterans seeking employment with Mayors Angel Taveras and Allan Fung on Friday, April 26 at the Rhode Island Convention Center.
See what's at stake for businesses in New Hampshire with the Internet sales tax. "Like" and "share" to help tell Congress that this tax is bad for businesses and bad for the Granite State.
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
“My amendment would exempt states like New Hampshire from this bill’s unnecessary red tape, bureaucracy, and economic consequences and I’m hopeful that the Senate will give it the consideration it deserves. The bottom line is that the federal government shouldn't force businesses in non-sales tax states to collect taxes for other jurisdictions and I will continue to seek opportunities to protect New Hampshire’s small businesses from this bill’s consequences.”  - JS
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor yesterday evening in opposition to the Internet sales tax legislation that the Senate is considering this week. Shaheen is opposed to the measure — which would require online retailers to establish a costly and burdensome sales tax collection infrastructure — and plans to file amendments to the bill to exempt New Hampshire from the new regulations.
The Senator with Maui County Council Member Michael Victorino and Schatz staff member and Maui girl Christiane Cardoza!
Today the Senator met with Mayor Caldwell of Honolulu in Washington to talk about efforts to ensure that rail receives full funding from the federal government.
Join me, Delta Air Lines exec Eric Phillips, and Montana small business owners at MSU on May 17 to discuss the best ways to grow Montana's multi-billion dollar tourism industry.  Read more below and RSVP at www.tester.senate.gov/rsvp.
Today's vote in the Rhode Island State Senate was a landmark civil rights victory for our state. Same-sex couples deserve the right to legally marry.  I'm proud of the RI LGBT community and their allies who fought long and hard to make this happen.  http://1.usa.gov/XXDdVq
Our disabled veterans deserve better than a Chained CPI benefit cut. And at today's Senate Budget Committee hearing, I made it clear that I intend to fight this proposed benefit cut with whatever means I have at my disposal.
Today Senator Warner met with eight young entrepreneurs – they call themselves “mini-preneurs” – who’ve raised nearly $13,000 online through a variety of efforts focused on teamwork and creativity. The 6-to-10 year olds are leaders in a secure online community called Tomorrow's Lemonade Stand. 
 
 They wanted to know all about Senator Warner’s early days as an entrepreneur in the cell phone business: “Being an entrepreneur can be a lot of fun, but it can also be kinda scary,” Senator Warner told them. “Being in business for yourself means taking risks – and being willing to lose everything in order to keep pushing a good idea.”
Education is under assault in America, and this is exactly why we need smart deficit reduction.  Cutting education is not only the wrong thing to do morally, but if we continue slashing funding to education, roads and bridges, and research and development, America’s not going to stay competitive globally.
