Senator Ed Markey & I are calling for a nationwide recall of millions of vehicles that could contain exploding airbags. The narrow scope of recalls by NHTSA on these airbags is focused on humid states—and is utterly senseless. We believe that NHTSA should immediately issue a nation-wide safety recall on all the affected cars, regardless of where the car is registered.   This image from Reuters shows which models could be affected. Read more, and share: http://j.mp/ZJrHRj
This infographic via Upworthy is a powerful representation of domestic abuse and abusive relationships. Even more shocking, they source data from the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence fact sheet (2007): In 70%-80% of all heterosexual intimate-partner homicides, no matter which partner was killed, the man physically abused the woman before the murder.   Share this.
As early voting begins, Representative Elijah E. Cummings and I want voters in Maryland - and everywhere else - to know that voter intimidation will not be tolerated. Call 888-678-VOTE with your questions or concerns.
It’s easy to take reading for granted when you can do it, but it’s a huge obstacle in daily life for those who can’t read. The hard work that gets done at places like the South Baltimore Learning Center helps people clear this hurdle, improving their lives, families and communities. It was a true pleasure to join Congressman John Sarbanes and Dutch Ruppersberger to thank SBLC executive director Sonia Sochia, her team and the Maryland Association for Adult, Community and Continuing Education for all they do. #SoBoLearns
My op-ed with Sen. Tom Coburn on our proposal to fix the U.S. Postal Service is on USA TODAY. Check it out and share if you're with us on returning the postal service to profitability.
NA
Though polio was eradicated in the United States over 30 years ago, this horrible disease still effects children worldwide who do not have access to the vaccine. A global movement has brought polio cases down 99 percent since 1988 and has saved 10 million people from paralysis. As we recognize #WorldPolioDay today, join the final push to #endpolio and protect the world’s children. http://www.endpolio.org/worldpolioday?gclid=CjwKEAjwzqKiBRCAydTZzOLi9CISJACm3irWOFM5NhVelCYvtfr0HlK4lRj17jHFszNBuUt5TowRaBoC9m7w_wcB
Mammography can miss cancer in dense breast tissue. Read my piece with Senator Kelly Ayotte in Women's Health Magazine.
Yesterday, I brought U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Julian Castro to North Dakota where we announced two major HUD initiatives to help provide more affordable housing in western North Dakota and assist with mold remediation on tribal lands. Read more about Secretary Castro’s visit and how I've continued to push for affordable housing options for North Dakota families here:
Interested in interning for Claire in Missouri or DC? She has offices in St. Louis, Cape Girardeau, Columbia, Springfield, Kansas City and Washington, D.C. If you are a current student apply now for Spring 2015. Visit Claire's website for more details, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/services/students/internships
Democracy is not a spectator sport. It works best when everyone participates.   ᗰᗩKE ᔕᑌᖇE TO ᐯOTE!
This $2.4 million federal investment means that students at West Elementary School are educated in a safe, well-equipped and learning-friendly environment once again. The city of Long Beach was hit hard by Superstorm Sandy and these funds will help reimburse the cost of repairs to Long Beach’s West Elementary School.
Just over one year ago – with your support – I stripped the Monsanto Protection Act from a government funding bill.  This victory for Montanans over corporate special interests remains in effect today.  SHARE the photo below to help me keep up the fight for accountability and transparency. #tbt
