Today I wrote Attorney General Holder about the tragic deaths of #MichaelBrown and #EricGarner:
Congrats to everyone involved with today's successful test launch of NASA’s Orion Spacecraft, including the teams at the Colorado-based Lockheed Martin Space Systems and United Launch Alliance who played a key role in today's historic step forward in human space exploration. More here: http://www.bennet.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=3198
Ash Carter knows the Pentagon inside and out and is a solid choice to lead the Department of Defense and advise the President on military policy. As the former undersecretary of defense for acquisition, he is a real professional who digs and drills down on questions. I have worked with Ash Carter in the past on vital programs, such as the Joint Strike Fighter and the expedited fielding of enhanced body armor to protect our troops in Afghanistan. And I look forward to working with him as he does more to reform the contracting process to eliminate waste and fraud. The enormous challenges ahead at the Pentagon require forceful and thoughtful leadership and resolve. -RB
The OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe Ministerial this year has been exceptional. I welcome the fact that an overwhelming majority of #OSCE countries condemned the unlawful occupation of #Crimea, defended the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, and called for Russia to end its support for violence in eastern Ukraine. Russia’s illegal activities in Ukraine have violated the most fundamental principles of the Helsinki Final Act, on which the OSCE is based.    Moving forward, the OSCE must focus on the implementation of its core commitments. The OSCE PA has spoken to this issue by passing a resolution I introduced in July, calling on Russia to cease its clear, gross, and uncorrected violations of Helsinki principles, not only in Ukraine but regarding other neighbors and at home as well.
Thanks to U.S. Senate Democrats and The White House last 57 months of have been the longest uninterrupted stretch of private sector job creation in our nation’s history.   Will continue to work to make it 58.
Proud to work with Andy Harris, M.D. to help secure land to properly honor such a brave American.
Thank you to the YMCA of Delaware for presenting me with the Congressional Champion Award for my work on the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act today. I had a chance to stop by the Walnut Street Y in Wilmington to meet with kids in their after school programs - a fun, safe place for our children.
Today is World Soil Day. Visit www.fao.org/globalsoilpartnership/en/  to learn about efforts to preserve our soil health.
I am sorry to hear about the passing of Bill Mays. He was a friend and inspiration to every Hoosier. -Joe
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of fallen Army Staff Sergeant Matthew Ammerman, a native of Noblesville. Sergeant Ammerman was an American hero, and we are proud to call him a fellow Hoosier. We remember and honor his service and ultimate sacrifice. -Joe
“Our farmers feel we work non-stop every single day to voluntarily comply to make our waters cleaner and to make things better, and all we hear is more government regulation. I think what’s happened is those actions have lost the confidence of our ag community.” Watch Joe’s full testimony from Wednesday's Senate Agriculture Committee here: http://bit.ly/1yVTps6.
The U.S. has too many nuclear weapons—the cost is undermining other national security priorities. Read my Washington Post op-ed:
I welcome the nomination of Ashton Carter as Secretary of Defense. He has the experience to effectively lead the Defense Department.
The Quality of Life Initiative has moved this community in a direction of prosperity and success through civic engagement and collaboration at a grassroots level. I’ve had a chance to see firsthand some of its positive outcomes, and I am especially proud my office has been a part of it. #SFSouthsideStrong
American ingenuity, determination, and leadership keeps us pushing forward and exploring. #Orion
ICYMI: On the Senate floor today, I paid tribute to my good friend and Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker for all of his hard work and commitment to the City of Fargo. His work and legacy will be never be forgotten. My heart goes out to his family, his many friends, and the people of Fargo.
We are one step closer to returning humans beyond low Earth orbit with today’s successful test flight of NASA’s Orion spacecraft.  Our nation is in an amazing race – the race for discovery and new knowledge, the race to remain competitive. Taking the next step in human space exploration aboard an American spacecraft will keep our country at the forefront of science, research and discovery, supporting jobs today and jobs tomorrow. And it means the dream of space will continue to inspire schoolchildren to study science, technology, engineering and mathematics, preparing them to be future scientists and innovators.  Congratulations to the talented men and women at NASA, Lockheed Martin and the United Launch Alliance on a successful launch and test flight of Orion, paving the way for the future of America’s space exploration.
This week the Senate acted to pass my bipartisan resolution with Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) to honor Polish hero and holocaust survivor Jan Karski. Throughout his life, he remained committed to providing global awareness of atrocities committed during the Holocaust. It’s a fitting tribute that we recognize the 100th anniversary of Jan Karski’s birth and his courageous life and lasting legacy.
Two years ago, the Newtown community suffered an inconceivable tragedy. But instead of reacting with bitterness, Newtown chose to honor the memory of those lost with love and action, encouraging people in Connecticut and across the country to perform acts of kindness. On Friday, December 5th, I decided to honor their memory by performing 26 random acts of kindness across Connecticut. Here are just a few photos of the day. I encourage you to join me and share your own acts of kindness throughout the month of December using the hashtag #26Acts.
The numbers don’t lie. Another month of steady private sector job growth.
Last year, our nation and our democracy were threatened by partisan obstruction that was packing our courts and preventing our agencies from doing their jobs. Thanks to the fight to fix the Senate and to the historic rule change, there's a cop on the beat to stand up for consumers against Wall Street, putting billions of dollars back in the pockets of ordinary consumers – and much, much more. Read the Bend Bulletin’s report on how last year’s historic rules change has made a real difference:
The deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner are tragic, and my thoughts are with their families and friends during this difficult time. Their deaths, and those of too many others, mostly men and youth of color, have sparked a broader conversation about race and justice in America. This is a conversation that is greatly needed, and that we should all use as a catalyst to reflect on our current criminal justice system and how we can better work together to protect all Americans. Justice should be blind, but these kinds of tragedies and the raw statistics make clear that we have far to go, which is why I support the Justice Department's independent investigations into the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. I also fully support the President's call for expanded use of body cameras, but we also must realize that fixing our society requires more of us than any single policy solution. I hope that out of this conversation, we are able to work together as communities and create change that will advance equality and make our communities safer for all -- not just in Ferguson or New York, but all across America.
Ash Carter is a strong choice for Secretary of Defense.  He brings vast experience to the Pentagon, having served as Deputy Secretary of Defense, among other roles at the Pentagon, as well as extensive experience in the private sector and academia.   Ash is an effective leader who has demonstrated a firm sense of integrity and sound judgment throughout his career in public service.  His command of national security policy and his commitment to our men and women in uniform will serve him well as our next Secretary of Defense.   I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee to ensure Ash receives a fair and expeditious nomination process.
I was honored to welcome our troops home today and happy to see them reunited with family and friends.  Sharla and I give our deepest thanks to them and to their families, who have shared in the sacrifice of this deployment.  As Montana’s brave men and women return for overseas I will continue to support our military members and their families with the care and services they have earned.”
Today it was my honor to present the descendants of Crow Nation Code Talkers with the Congressional Gold Medal. The Code Talkers used the Crow language during military intelligence operations in World War II to save countless lives. They transmitted secret coded messages using their language which was so unique that the code could not be broken by enemy forces.  That unbreakable code and the spirit of the Code Talkers live on today.
Today, Congressman Jim Langevin and I visited Daniele, Inc.’s new facility in Burrillville and heard how this local business has turned a passion for traditional prosciutto and other fine meats into a thriving business that supports good jobs.  Thanks to Davide, Stefano, and the whole team for showing us around, and for sharing their ideas for how to leverage Rhode Island’s terrific food scene to grow our economy.
Thank you to Virginia Tech and the Virginia Academy of Science, Engineering, and Medicine for joining me in hosting the 2nd Annual Virginia Science Summit. Today’s summit brought together some of the best and brightest in Virginia to discuss the challenges and benefits of Big Data. Virginia has an opportunity to be a leader in the growing Big Data industry. Looking forward to seeing what these conversations inspire.   http://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=a2c6756c-35ba-4f98-a17f-dd2303cc6b77
