I applaud President Obama for stepping up and taking bold and constitutional action to bring people out of the shadows, thereby strengthening our economy and keeping families from being torn apart. These steps will increase border security and hold people accountable by requiring them to undergo background checks and pay taxes.   The President has waited patiently for 17 months for House Republicans to act on a bipartisan immigration reform bill passed by two-thirds of the Senate. It is one thing if Republicans in Congress don’t want to do their job, but they can’t expect the President not to do his job.   This President is following in the footsteps of every president of the last 70 years – including every Republican President – by taking executive action on immigration.   If Republicans do not like the President’s actions, they shouldn’t be threatening to shut down the government or file wasteful lawsuits – they should just take up and pass the Senate’s bipartisan bill now.
I and my office have helped many constituents through the final stages of becoming U.S. citizens, and it is always a great honor to do so. I’ll never forget showing Jack, only 5 years old, pictures of my own family on the day he was sworn in as a U.S. citizen. I remember Melanie, Edward, Shamil, and so many more who told me their stories of hardship and hard work towards becoming citizens.   All of these fine individuals were fortunate to have found the right people and pathways to attain citizenship—but not everyone is so fortunate. That's why the President’s action on immigration is so crucial. Many hard-working undocumented immigrants will now be able to take a legal pathway towards citizenship: they’ll be able to work legitimate jobs, pay taxes, and contribute to our economy.  These steps serve basic American values that make us the greatest country in the history of the world. -RB http://j.mp/1v47eUd
Join me at the Center for Latino Progress in Hartford at Noon today for a rally to applaud the President’s Executive Action on immigration!
It is our responsibility to speak out against #Antisemitism wherever it exists.
Comprehensive #immigration reform is long overdue. No matter what side of this debate you are on, most of us agree that America’s immigration system is badly broken. What we need is a balanced immigration system that is fair. Border protection alone will not fix all the challenges facing our immigration system.   My strong preference is that Congress sends the President a comprehensive immigration reform bill that he can sign into law. This would provide a more thorough and more permanent solution. I voted for, and the Senate passed, such a bill in June 2013 by a bipartisan vote of 68 to 32. Nearly 18 months later, the House of Representatives has refused to vote or even consider this legislation.  Those who are unhappy with the President’s action need to direct their focus at the Speaker of the #House. I implore him to allow the House of Representatives to vote on the Senate-passed comprehensive plan. We then can come together in a bipartisan way to reconcile our differences and truly fix our broken system.  #ImmigrationAction
What did you think of Barack Obama's speech on #immigration?
Here's where you can watch President Obama's #ImmigrationAction address at 8pm ET → http://wh.gov/immigration-action   Where do you stand on the issue?
I am so proud to see Incyte grow from a group of small scientists to a pharmaceutical company employing 500 people here in Delaware. Congrats to the entire team on your new facility in Wilmington - the spot many Delawareans know as the old Wanamaker building. It's amazing what you've done with the place.
“We cannot continue to wait for House Republicans to act while some of our most pressing challenges go unmet. Although I wish it were not necessary, the President is acting within his legal authority. It is my hope that in the new Congress, House Republicans will come to the table to finish this crucial work.”
Great to tour FCC’s clutch assembly facility in Portland this morning. -Joe
Good news: UC Davis has received a $100 million USAID grant to continue the fight against pandemic threats.
The President's proposal is a good first step toward fixing our nation's broken immigration system. However, only Congress can finish the job and fix the entire immigration system.  Last year, the Senate passed a common-sense, bipartisan immigration bill that dramatically increases resources at our nation's border, will grow our economy, and prioritizes keeping families together. Yet here we are, more than 500 days later, and Speaker Boehner still refuses to allow a vote on this legislation. That's not leadership, it's obstruction.    As the son of an immigrant, I know how important reform is for families across New Mexico. Our immigrant communities have helped write the economic, social, and cultural story of America. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass a permanent solution to fix our nation's broken immigration system. America will be better for it.
My good friend, Eric Marts – a blind veteran who hosts Heroes of the Heartland on WDAY 970 radio (you can tune in Saturday mornings at 11:00amCT) -- has overcome obstacles that I can’t begin image. Seven years ago, Eric was hit by a roadside bomb while deployed in Iraq and soon after lost vision in both of his eyes. He is a great man, who is working hard to support fellow veterans, and discuss the challenges facing veterans today – whether it’s issues with the VA health care system or adjusting to life after deployment. I’m thrilled that Eric and his wife, Bobbie, will soon be able to move out of their trailer and into a house big enough for the two of them, and with features to help Eric do things on his own courtesy of Homes for our Troops. Watch Eric and Bobbie’s inspiring story below.
Honored to receive the Fargo Housing & Redevelopment Authority’s Super Hero for Affordable Housing award today. As a member of the Senate Banking Committee, that oversees housing issues, I’ve been working to make sure we address North Dakota’s unique housing challenges. I’ve been pushing to increase federal support for affordable housing in the state and brought the U.S. Housing Secretary to North Dakota last month to see firsthand the state’s severe housing shortage. At today's event, I met over 60 children and their families who showed me pictures of what housing means to them. The future of our communities depends on our ability to make sure housing is financially feasible, so families can feel secure in raising their children in an environment that’s strong, safe, and built to last. http://1.usa.gov/1Fa8CWo
Today at the North Dakota Farmers Union State Convention, I addressed the outlook for key agriculture policy issues in the upcoming Congress. Our farmers and their families are the backbone of communities all across North Dakota, so it’s important that we make sure they have the support and certainty they need to do their jobs and help feed the world. I’m committed to making sure the 2014 Farm Bill is implemented effectively and properly, and protecting North Dakota’s farmers from unnecessary and burdensome challenges. I’ll continue to be a strong voice for our state’s farmers in Congress, and I look forward to working with them and the North Dakota Farmers Union to help our state remain an agricultural leader.
Great news that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) will not implement its proposed rules that would have hurt North Dakota’s farmers, producers, and biodiesel production, and hindered the country’s ability to become North American energy independent. As the EPA considers its policies in the coming years, I’ll continue to press the agency not to just delay its rules, but make a good decision that supports our farmers and gives them the certainty they need to do their jobs, while showing a commitment to a true all-of-the-above energy strategy. When I brought the head of the EPA to North Dakota earlier this year, she heard the serious concerns of our farmers and renewable fuels producers. I’ll keep up the fight to make sure the EPA implements policies that support our farmers, their communities, and the important work they do for our country.
After hearing from Virginians who are battling black lung disease and haven’t received the benefits they deserve from their employers, I joined a group of Senators to introduce a bill to help level the playing field for miners with this disease, which is caused by inhaling coal dust over an extended period of time. Federal law requires that coal companies compensate disabled miners who contract black lung, but employers routinely deploy an array of unfair tactics to avoid paying miners the benefits they deserve.   The Black Lung Benefits Improvement Act of 2014 reforms the black lung benefits programs by improving miners’ access to medical evidence of their health and higher quality, timely assistance from the program. This bill will help to end many of the setbacks that people suffering from black lung disease encounter in the current benefits system and will provide care and comfort to those who need it.   To learn more about the Black Lung Benefits Improvement Act of 2014, click here:  http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases
En junio de 2013, tuve el orgullo de votar a favor de un proyecto de ley bipartidista, que al ser aprobado, tomaría medidas importantes para reparar nuestro quebrantado sistema migratorio. Después de casi un año y medio de inacción de la Cámara de Representantes, apoyo la decisión del presidente Obama de tomar medidas dentro de su autoridad ejecutiva para arreglar algunos de los problemas que nuestro proyecto de ley bipartidista intento reparar-incluyendo el fortalecimiento de la seguridad fronteriza, cambios a nuestro sistema de visas y alivio adicional para millones de familias que viven clandestinamente en este país, pero anhelan regirse por las reglas mediante el pago de impuestos y verificaciones de antecedentes penales. Todos los presidentes desde Eisenhower han tomado acción ejecutiva para abordar asuntos migratorios. Esta acción es sólo un primer paso. Quedan muchos asuntos que sólo el Congreso puede abordar. Espero poder trabajar con mis colegas en la Cámara y el Senado para lograrlo.
In June 2013, I was proud to cast my vote in support of bipartisan legislation that would take major steps to fix our broken immigration system. After nearly a year and a half of inaction from the House, I support President Obama’s decision to take action within his executive authority to address some of the problems our bipartisan Senate bill set out to fix – including much-needed improvements to border security, updates to our visa system and additional relief for families who live in the shadows but want to play by the rules by paying taxes and submitting to criminal background checks.  Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues. Still, this is only a first step. Many issues remain that can only be fixed through congressional action. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House and Senate to get this done.
On Air Force One supporting President Obama's #immigrationaction, which is a big first step in fixing our broken immigration system.
Connecticut's CHET College Savings helps families save for college from day one. The new Baby Scholars Program provides up to $250 toward a newborn’s future college costs. Programs like these encourage families to save and studies show that children with accounts like this are 3x more likely to attend college, and 4x more likely to graduate. Learn more at: http://bit.ly/1p6ettW
The executive action announced by the president tonight addresses all sides of the immigration crisis. It secures the border, prioritizes the deportation of felons, allows families to stay together, and incentivizes businesses to hire workers legally. However, the president's decision is a temporary step that will be superseded when Congress finally decides to act on this issue. Hopefully this announcement will be a forcing mechanism to prompt Congress to pass an immigration reform bill that will bring people out of the shadows and grow our economy.
“Our immigration system is broken, and I support a comprehensive plan to fix it, but executive orders aren’t the way to do it. The system can only be truly fixed through legislation by Congress. The Senate’s comprehensive plan got overwhelming bipartisan approval, and Republicans in the U.S. House have sat on their hands for a year-and-a-half, refusing to even consider that bill. They should quit stalling, get to work, and do their jobs—debate the comprehensive plan that passed the Senate with a two-thirds margin.” -Claire
A big bank pleads guilty to criminal tax evasion.  Q: How many people go to jail for those crimes?  A: 0.
The President's announcement tonight is an interim step towards fixing our broken immigration system.  We still need bipartisan, comprehensive #immigration reform to address this issue for the long-term.  My statement:
Welcome back to Nevada, Mr. President. And thank you for taking action on immigration reform!
President Obama is acting within his legal authority to use his executive power to improve the immigration system. Every President since Eisenhower has done this.
Released the following statement on the P5+1 nuclear negotiations with Iran today:   “As we approach the P5+1 deadline, my position on the negotiations is very straightforward – unless Iran is willing to agree to a final deal that prevents it from building, developing or acquiring a nuclear weapon, we should not allow any relaxation of sanctions. Iran must dismantle their nuclear infrastructure, limit their nuclear research, and agree to inspections anywhere, and at any time, for decades to come. Only after complete verification of Iran’s compliance should the U.S. consider a gradual relaxation of sanctions. Along with my colleagues, who authored the bipartisan sanctions law that brought the Iranians to the negotiating table, I wish negotiations to succeed. But the success of negotiations can only be defined as an agreement that removes the threat of a world with a nuclear Iran." -cs
As a former teacher, it's always good to get back in the classroom.  Reading today at Florence-Carlton Elementary School.
Today, U.S. Senator Tom Udall issued the following statement on the president’s decision to take executive action on immigration:    “Over 40,000 people in New Mexico and millions more around the country are living in immigration limbo while they work and raise families here in the United States. Deporting these children and families isn’t a realistic option. We need to focus our limited resources on securing the border and going after drug dealers, gang members and potential terrorists.  “New Mexicans have seen firsthand the problems caused by House Republicans, who have dragged their feet on immigration for too long – it has been 511 days since the Senate passed a bipartisan comprehensive reform bill. Because the House won’t act, the president is justified in taking commonsense steps to fix our broken immigration system under existing law.   “The president is offering a temporary solution to keep families together, give employers who hire workers on visas more certainty about their workforce, and devote our limited resources to deporting dangerous criminals. It’s past time for Congress to work together on a permanent fix of our broken immigration system.”
Tonight President Obama announced a plan to use his executive authority to help address our nation’s broken immigration system.  I support this action because last year I worked for weeks in the Judiciary Committee to craft a strong bipartisan immigration bill which passed the Committee and the Senate in bipartisan fashion.  And yet, for months Speaker Boehner has refused to even take up the bill in the House, blocking bipartisan progress.  After over 500 days of the Boehner blockade, the President is moving forward with a plan and giving House Republicans one last chance to do their jobs before his executive order takes effect. Our laws give him the clear authority to do so, and the people in Rhode Island and across the country who are suffering under the current system simply can’t afford to wait.
Despite institutional racism and tremendous adversity, the Montford Point Marines sacrificed to serve for our country. I was honored to present the late Cpl. Julius B. Foxx Jr’s family with the Congressional Gold Medal, the nation’s highest civilian award, to honor the brave service of their father during World War II.  http://1.usa.gov/11lFKxB
Black lung disease is a debilitating and potentially fatal disease that impacts many Virginia coal miners. Several recent reports and investigations have documented unacceptable and unfair tactics that allow coal companies to avoid paying miners the benefits they deserve. U.S. Senator Tim Kaine and I introduced the Black Lung Benefits Improvement Act of 2014  to reform black lung benefit programs to help miners and their families access better, more timely assistance from the program. http://1.usa.gov/1BUpeFB
I was proud to vote for bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform in the Senate, but House Republicans have refused to even allow a vote on the bill for over a year. I support the President’s decision to do what he can under the law to keep millions of families together, to help scores of businesses, and to patch up this broken system. Congress still needs to step up – but if Republicans in Congress won’t do their jobs, it’s time for the President to do his.
