LIVE STREAM: At 7pm, I'll be participating in a forum to discuss immigration, trade, and security in partnership with The Counterterrorism Education Learning Lab (CELL). Featured panelists include Consul General of Canada Marcy Grossman and Chairwoman of the Center for Equal Opportunity Linda Chavez. Former Colorado Governor Bill Ritter will moderate.
Tooth decay is the most prevalent chronic disease amongst our children. It is five times more common than asthma, and can be just as debilitating and fatal. In 2007, we lost a young Marylander named Deamonte Driver because he did not have adequate access to pediatric #dental care. After that I began working with Representative  Representative Elijah E. Cummings, and many others around #MD to fight against this 100% preventable disease.   Today, we celebrate the news the news that the number of children in Maryland with untreated tooth decay dropped 41 percent from 2001 to 2011.   This is a great step forward, but we are far from the finish line.    America has never promised its children success, but it has always promised them opportunity. Children who suffer from untreated tooth decay are often denied this opportunity because of dental pain that limits their ability to eat, sleep, learn or, as in the case of Deamonte Driver, enjoy life itself.  Thanks to all who have helped expand access to and awareness of pediatric dental health- let's keep up the fight.
Maryland is full of amazing cities, towns and villages. This year Berlin, Maryland has the chance to be crowned the "Coolest Small Town in America -2014" Vote at the link below and show your support for #Berlin and all of #MD.   Beach And Beyond Visit Worcester County Maryland!
Tonight is a great opportunity for our leaders of tomorrow to get started down that path. Please share this photo to get the word out to those future leaders!
On Monday, Joe visited the Wal-Mart distribution center in Crawfordsville for a tour of the facility. While there he met with local Wal-Mart executives to hear what economic issues were on their minds.
Yesterday, Senator Donnelly sat down with INside INdiana Business's Gerry Dick to discuss his efforts to close the skills gap by helping Hoosiers gain the skills they need to fill the jobs available today. Watch the full interview here.
Know a student or recent graduate interested in learning more about public service? Senator Donnelly’s office is currently accepting applications for summer internships in Washington, DC, Indianapolis, and South Bend. Learn more about Senator Donnelly’s internship program and how to apply here.
After calling on the Federal Railroad Administration to release information on its inspections of the rail lines near Casselton, the agency provided details about routine inspections in the area. But it’s clear the Casselton area is in need of increased attention considering the number of derailments around the same area. Folks who live near these tracks have been through a lot, and deserve to know that the rails are under close examination and that FRA is doing everything to make sure North Dakotans aren’t at risk. At the upcoming Senate hearing on this topic – which I called for – I’ll press the FRA and other federal agencies to make this area of track a priority. 
I was glad to meet with members of the Maryland Rural Water Association to discuss my continued support for water and sewer infrastructure upgrades and development in rural communities across Maryland. Maryland's rural cities and towns need a government on their side when upgrading critical water and sewer infrastructure. By investing in Maryland's infrastructure, we support construction jobs today laying the foundation to keep communities healthy and safe in the future.
This week I joined with Governor Martin O'Malley, Montgomery County Executive Ike Leggett and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to sign an agreement to further develop the National Cybersecurity Center of Excellence in Montgomery County. We're standing sentry to protect America’s ideas and innovations from cyber terrorists, spies and thieves.   With Maryland's world-class educational institutions, leading federal assets and dynamic private sector, our state is the epicenter of cyber security. This center will unite the knowledge of the government with the know-how of the private sector to improve our nation’s cyber security and create jobs. I was so proud to put money in the federal checkbook so this new center will ensure Maryland continues to lead the way in cyber technology and cyber jobs. 
My statement with Senator McCain urging targeted sanctions against persons responsible for the violence in Ukraine:
This is excellent news for the Eastern Panhandle. Very pleased that Rust-Oleum is moving to Martinsburg and bringing nearly 100 new jobs to the region.
Rhode Island has some of the best food in the world and our restaurants are a catalyst for economic development and neighborhood revitalization.  Please join me in congratulating Matt Jennings of Farmstead in Providence; Champe Speidel of Persimmon in Bristol; and Benjamin Sukle of Birch in Providence, who have been nominated for prestigious James Beard Foundation awards.   The talent and creativity of Rhode Island's chefs and the vitality and vibrancy of our food culture contribute so much to our great state. Cheers to Matt, Champe, Benjamin and all our great chefs!   http://www.jamesbeard.org/blog/2014-restaurant-and-chef-award-semifinalists 
White dust cloud from Westbury Incinerator could hurt locals- calling on @EPA to investigate air quality
Congratulations to the Puritan Backroom on 40 successful years in business. Best chicken tenders in the world!
On February 19, 1945, U.S. Marines, including my father, began landing on Iwo Jima. Robert Frank Warner served in the 3rd Marine division, Second Battalion, 21st Marines. He completed basic training at San Diego, then joined the 3rd Marine Division at Pearl Harbor, shipped out to Guam and then Iwo Jima.   Today, and every day, thankful for his service and all who serve and sacrifice for our country.
Cheering for Virginia's Ashley Wagner in today's figure skating short program!
