Thanks to #ACA insurance companies are required to spend at least 80% (85% in the large group market) of premiums on medical care and efforts to improve the quality of care, instead of inflating overhead and profit.
 
 That means ~150,000 Marylanders received an average rebate of approximately $143 per family in 2012.
Today, I was proud to take to speak on the Senate floor to urge my Senate colleagues to confirm Jeh Johnson to be as Secretary of Homeland Security. He is a strong leader with good values and a deep commitment to public service and I am confident in his ability to fulfill the duties of Secretary effectively.
Extending unemployment insurance will help those looking for work and produce growth in the economy. The pace of job growth has increased in the last few months but there are still far too many Pennsylvanians looking for work. Extending unemployment insurance will help those actively seeking work and provide a jolt to GDP as we move into the new year. I’m pleased the Senate is set to vote on this issue soon and I’m calling on both Houses of Congress to take up and pass this legislation.
NA
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Flagship Logistics Group is seeking veterans to fill 40 new job openings at its Indianapolis call center.
Today, Senator Joe Donnelly and Tom Coburn (R-OK) introduced the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act, legislation that would maintain important consumer protections while also protecting the ability of manufactured home customers to buy, sell, and refinance homes.  Donnelly said, “For many Hoosier families, the decision to purchase a home is one of the most significant investments they will make. We should be doing all we can to preserve access to affordable housing, especially when it comes to manufactured housing, which can be the best option for many families. I thank Senator Coburn for joining me in this effort.”
Hopeful that the New Mexico Supreme Court will find that our constitution supports full equality for all our citizens. 
I just launched my new website to help North Dakotans more easily contact me, find resources, and follow my work in the Senate. I joined the Senate because I want to stand up for North Dakotans – and there are many ways I’m working to do that. One of those ways is to make sure North Dakotans have helpful information at their fingertips, including through my website. I hope everyone finds this site helpful and that it keeps them updated on my work for North Dakota. Check it out here:
It’s friends in the Senate like U.S. Senator Susan Collins that truly embody what it means to work across the aisle to accomplish bipartisan goals. In awe of her kind words about Claire. The feelings are mutual.
The Oregonian: "The Volcker Rule, to be phased in over the next two years, might be a bitter pill for some big banks to swallow. But the medicine should make the U.S. financial system healthier."
Today I visited Andrews Air Force Base to participate in pre-deployment training work-up flights and to see first hand sequestration's impact on Marine Corps units. Marine Corp leadership discussed with me the impacts of sequestration and the road ahead for aviation modernization & recap.
Earlier this year, Jack and Diana Taylor of Alderson, WV, came to my office and we posed in front of Jack's beautiful picture that he graciously allowed us to display in the office. We enjoy it every day. Thank you for your beautiful photographs, Jack.
NA
I have a fancy new website. Please visit it, and be aware of the various services my office can provide.   Let us know what you think of the site: http://www.reid.senate.gov/
Nearly a year after tragedy, getting WWFD donations to firefighters & families was simply the right thing to do.
Celebrated the 15th annual 62 co tour today in Saratoga & pushed for short-line rail tax credits
This morning, Senator Shaheen visited BAE Systems in Nashua to discuss the importance of passing the bipartisan budget agreement and the positive impact the bill would have on economic growth and job creation.
Sens. Rob Portman (R-OH) and Reps. Darrell Issa (R-CA) and Elijah Cummings (D-MD) and I explain how the #DATAAct will help provide the transparency that taxpayers deserve.
For twenty years, Mayor Menino has made Boston into a city that all eyes can see is a model for the country and for the world. And he has succeeded because he knew all along that our fortunes depend on our work together – as one people, as one community, as one Boston.   Today I spoke on the Senate floor to thank Mayor Menino for his years of hard work, service, and dedication to making Boston a better place.
