I am in awe of these two New Haven residents: Sergio and Randi recently received the Angels in Adoption award for their work with foster and adoptive children.  Their love and compassion is limitless. They have fostered over thirty children, and adopted two. In 1996, they founded the ‘r kids Family Center in New Haven to help marginalized children, as well as their foster and adoptive families. The center also works directly with the state Department of Children and Families to reunify children with their biological families whenever possible.   I hope their story inspires others to open their hearts and homes to children and families in need. Please, share this and read more about ‘r kids: http://j.mp/1u0GCUP
Are you a federal worker? The federal government wants your input! Take part in the #GreenGov Challenge  to enhance sustainability in the federal government and turn your ideas into actions. For more information, visit GreenGov Challenge website: http://www.whitehouse.gov/webform/participate-2014-greengov-challenge
I am proud that Del Tech was designated a 2015 Military Friendly School by being among the top schools that go above and beyond to help veterans pursue higher education. Keep up the great work! http://bit.ly/1vll1li
It is critical that the Postal Service modernizes with the Digital Age to provide a reliable service that American communities and businesses can count on. The bipartisan Postal Reform Act of 2014 would restore the Postal Service to financial health and give it the freedom to innovate, compete and grow. Read my interview with Republic 3.0 to learn more about my push for Congress to pass comprehensive postal reform: http://republic3-0.com/saving-the-mail-postal-reform-tom-carper/
I’m grateful for the tireless work our state and national law enforcement officers undertook to capture the suspect, Eric Frein. These brave law enforcement officers have worked day and night for weeks to ensure Eric Frein is captured. We owe these officers our deepest gratitude. Their determination to capture Eric Frein over these last weeks has been a stirring reminder of the sacrifices that our law enforcement officers make on a daily basis. Tonight my thoughts are with the family of Cpl. Dickson and Trooper Alex Douglass and his family.
WATCH: In another installment of the #JustAskJoe series, Joe helps a Noblesville couple regain thousands of dollars in disability benefits after struggling with claims issues for over two years.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the pilots of #SpaceShipTwo and their families during this difficult time. This tragedy is a reminder of the incredible risks pilots make in the effort to expand our discovery of space. Their courage and bravery will serve as an inspiration for others to follow as we continue to meet the challenge of space exploration.
Have a safe and happy Halloween!
Trick or treating at #Faidley's in Baltimore - their crab cakes are better than candy! Have a safe & happy Halloween!
What's #ScarierThanHalloween? The idea that Republicans could undo all the progress made under the Affordable Care Act. The #ACA works - we've seen it firsthand. In Connecticut alone, 991,000 residents gained access to preventative services like well-woman visits and cancer screenings, 23,000 young people were able to stay on their parent's health insurance plans and nearly 613,000 gained access to expanded mental health services.
I had a wonderful day in Fairmont and Morgantown yesterday focusing on economic development and community investments with local residents and business leaders. I was proud to join FHL Bank to present nearly $1.8 million in affordable housing grants for eight state projects. I also visited the Greater Morgantown Convention and Visitors Bureau's new visitor center and stopped by to celebrate the grand opening of the United Federal Credit Union's new Star City location. I spent the afternoon touring the West Virginia Junior College, and I ended the day at Camp Mountaineer, the Mountaineer Area Boy Scouts facility.  I look forward to meeting with West Virginians again today at events in Doddridge, Ritchie, Pleasants and Tyler Counties to hear their concerns and ideas for making the Mountain State an even better place to live and do business.
Happy Nevada Day!  Let us cherish our past as we work towards a future filled with innovation and continued economic success.   I will continue to fight for the issues important to Nevadans and to make sure that everyone in the Silver State has a bright, promising future.
Use caution, wear reflectors after dark & have a safe & Happy Halloween!
This contract is a win-win for Fort Drum and the North Country. It will bring jobs into the region, put Fort Drum on the path to energy independence, and make the base itself more safe and secure. I can think of no better place for the Army’s largest renewable energy project than at Fort Drum.
Fall is really a beautiful time of year on Cassadaga Lake in Stockton #NYtownoftheday
President Barack Obama made a stop in RI today to talk about strengthening our economy by expanding opportunities for women and working families. We agree: when women succeed, we all do.
