NA
At Dunmore Middle School, continuing to push for passage of my Safe Schools Improvement Act
Secretary of Energy nominee Dr. Ernest Moniz and I met today in my office to discuss issues important to New Mexico, and his qualifications and vision to lead the U.S. Department of Energy.
Enjoyed getting a Grafton, North Dakota update from Mayor Chris West and City Administrator Nick Ziegelmann.
Giving a speech to Eat Right Nutrition, the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. As the daughter of a school cook, this is special!
Happy Girl Scout Week! Many of North Dakota’s best and brightest participate in this organization and do so much good for our state!
Congrats to North Dakota National Guard's Col. Olson on being named new commander. Thanks to Col. Gibney for your great service.
I have listened to West Virginians and I agree with them - our brave service members who face life and death situations deserve the most distinguised medals of the United States military awards.   Here is my floor speech on why I oppose the Department of Defense's recent decision to elevate the Distinguised Warfare Medal above combat medals such as the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart.  http://bit.ly/XE5H6K
Karzai's despicable comments confirm it's time to bring our troops home and rebuild America, not Afghanistan http://1.usa.gov/13SfGct
Pleased to help secure $3 million to help revitalize Providence’s West End neighborhood.  The Phoenix Apartments development will provide safe and affordable rental housing and is great example of how federal, local, and private partners can work together to transform a community. http://bit.ly/Yo5hNC
"I was encouraged to receive a prompt response from Secretary Hagel acknowledging the magnitude of this case and reaffirming his commitment to ending sexual assault in our armed forces. Victims must know they will receive support regardless of the circumstances. If the message we send to survivors is that their cases will be disregarded, fewer will report the crimes committed against them and the epidemic of sexual assault will persist and multiply." - JS
A great story in this weekend's The Concord Monitor about Concord native and Olympic marathoner Guor Marial. Guor continues to inspire those in New Hampshire and around the globe! Read more: http://bit.ly/12Ihntb
Today marks the start of AmeriCorps week when we recognize all the hard work AmeriCorps volunteers do to improve Montana.  If you know an AmeriCorps volunteer, thank them for making a difference for our families, for our neighbors, and for our communities.
Revitalizing communities across America that were once contaminated and turning them into hubs of economic activity where new jobs can flourish is an idea Republicans and Democrats can agree on. Good examples of this in New Mexico are the Santa Fe Railyard and sites around historic Route 66. Last week I teamed up with Sens. Lautenberg, Crapo and Inhofe to introduce the BUILD Act. Our bill takes areas with pollution and hazardous chemicals, called "brownfields" and transforms them into successful public-private partnerships that can make a big difference in states like ours:
I've heard from so many Rhode Island small business owners that are fed up with unfair competition from abroad. Today, I reintroduced the Offshoring Prevention Act, a bill that will help level the playing field by ending a special tax break for companies that ship jobs overseas.
 
 Click the LIKE button if you think it's time we stop rewarding companies when they ship jobs overseas.
“It doesn’t make any sense for a mathematician or engineer to graduate from Kansas State with a PHD, get job offers everywhere, and end up working in Vancouver because our immigration rules prohibit him staying in Kansas,” Senator Warner told CNN about the Startup Act 3.0, which removes legal barriers to high-skilled immigrants working and starting businesses in America. “We’ve got enormous assets in America in terms of universities and access to capital. We’ve got to win the talent war as well.”  (staff)
