If you travel through any of the Colorado communities affected by last year’s floods, the resilience is obvious. But there is still a lot of work to be done to rebuild. The good news is the IRS is giving Colorado flood victims until October 15th to claim disaster loses. This extension will give families and businesses more time to make the right decisions about how to deal with the losses on their taxes.
Certainly keeping all those affected by the shooting at Fort Hood in my thoughts and prayers as we head into the night.
NA
#AutismAwareness Day  On this World Autism Awareness Day we turn our attention to those touched by autism. Many Americans have a family member, friend or neighbor with the condition or have autism themselves. For them one day of awareness is great- 365 days of action is much better. With that in mind, I urge all Americans to look at April 2, 2014 as a call to action. On this day let us reflect on what we can do to make sure that Autistic Americans and their families have the tools they need to succeed. We must do more to make sure that those diagnosed with autism and their families have the full support of the American people and Congress. I look forward to seeing the progress we have made together one year from today.
Ben is live on Washington Journal discussing the situation in #Russia and #Ukraine, tune into C-SPAN now.
Today is World Autism Day. With autism affecting nearly three million people and reported cases of autism rising, it’s important to diagnose and treat autism early. Let’s light the world up blue and increase autism awareness.
I encourage any high school seniors or college undergraduates to apply for Dover Federal Credit Union’s new scholarship program at http://www.doverfcu.com/scholarship.php. It’s a tremendous opportunity for devoted students to get help with costs as they further their education.
 I'm chairing a hearing RIGHT NOW on what our government and the private sector can do to prevent data breaches and protect personal information. The hearing starts at 10 AM and you can watch it live: http://1.usa.gov/1jUKFxp
#CDBG has played an instrumental role in advancing locally driven projects that create jobs and contribute to economic growth. The cuts proposed in the Administration’s budget could limit the ability of municipalities in Pennsylvania to complete economic development projects that are essential. I’m urging Congress to increase investment in CDBG so counties and cities throughout the state can continue to innovate, create jobs and invest in what works.
"One step at a time, the Supreme Court is openly and explicitly dismantling Congressional efforts to limit the influence of money in the political process, and I am concerned that it won’t stop until there are no limits on money in politics."
Today is the seventh annual World Autism Awareness Day. Approximately one million people in the United States have autism, including 1 in 68 children. Autism is the fastest-growing serious developmental disability in the United States and costs the nation over $35 billion per year.   Everywhere I go in Illinois, I meet people whose lives have been affected by autism. Nearly 26,000 families in my state live with autism. Parents not only worry about getting the services they need for their children when they are young, they worry about how to care for their children as they mature into adults.   I met two loving parents in Illinois whose 20 year-old son is profoundly affected by autism and has struggled with significant behavioral problems. He was in a special education program at school, but his teachers didn’t know how to deal with his behavioral problems and he was suspended on numerous occasions. These parents love their son, and they worry every day about what will happen to him when they are too old to care for him.  This year, more children will be diagnosed with autism than with AIDS, diabetes, and cancer combined. Earlier this month, I introduced the American Cures Act, a bill that would enhance funding for future research breakthroughs, for conditions such as autism spectrum disorder.   In 2006, the Combating Autism Act was signed into law and then reauthorized for another three years in 2011. This law authorized $1.7 billion for autism research, services, training and monitoring by the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Health Resources and Services Administration. I have introduced legislation to reauthorize these programs, which would provide a full array of medical, behavioral, mental health, educational, and family care services families across the country.     It’s time now for Congress to renew and build on the commitments it has already made to help the millions of families across the nation struggling with autism. Let’s pass commonsense legislation, like the American Cures Act and reauthorize the Combating Autism Act.
Joe was pleased to meet some DePauw University students visiting D.C. recently. Thanks for visiting our office!
#GoodNews for Goshen: Forest River Inc. is acquiring Startrans Bus division from Supreme Industries Inc, creating an estimated 80 local jobs. Bus production is expected to begin at the new Goshen facility on April 14.
Today is World Autism Awareness Day. Please take a moment to raise awareness of the estimated three million people affected by autism—the fastest growing serious developmental disease in the U.S.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
I believe that competition is key to bringing down the cost of space launch. Read my letter to the Department of Defense: 
Everyone deserves a fair shot at success in this country. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.
This story is one more example of why I support reforming the National Security Agency and restoring our constitutional rights.
Bismarck residents Dana Schaar Jahner and Jessica Gilbertson came in today on behalf of the North Dakota Association of Non-Profit Organizations to talk about non-profit tax issues.
Today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing about my bill to create a Commission on Native Children marked another important step forward toward making a meaningful difference  in the lives of children who too often don’t have a strong voice standing behind them. Grateful for Senator Byron Dorgan’s testimony in support of my bill and the work he has done for our Native children.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8c7bc1be-9c1e-4566-a4ae-c4bbab904e5a
Watch today’s Indian Affairs Committee hearing at 1:30pm CT. We will be discussing my Commission on Native Children Bill. Thrilled former Indian Affairs Committee Chairman Byron Dorgan is testifying in support of my legislation.  
Today’s World Autism Day – please join me in spreading the word!   1 out of 45 children in New Jersey are diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder – that’s the highest prevalence rate in the country – so it’s extremely important we stress the need for more awareness & research.
By striking down McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission today, the Supreme Court has struck another blow to American democracy with this sequel to Citizens United. By a narrow ideological margin, this court has effectively said that if you’ve got the money, elections are for sale. We should be increasing the ability of Americans’ voices to be heard, not drowning them out by allowing more big money to pour into campaigns. Both of these Supreme Court decisions should be wiped off the books.
NA
People can see that the #ACAworks. Today I'm applauding the fact that 7.1 million people signed up for private health coverage through the Affordable Care Act. And thanks to the hard work and dedication of AccessHealthCT, community health centers & others, 197k+ people in CT signed up for coverage.
In case you weren't able to catch the hearing today, Claire demanded answers from General Motors (GM) CEO Mary Barra on GM's slow action to recall 2.6 million vehicles for defective ignition switches that have been linked to at least 13 deaths - including a fatality in Missouri. Watch a recap of Claire's Consumer Protection Subcommittee hearing below. 
Happening Now: Claire just started her Consumer Protection Subcommittee hearing on the General Motors recall. She will hear from GM CEO Mary Barra. Watch the hearing live using the link below. 
Senator Manchin's staff participated in the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new Endoscopy suite at Logan Regional Medical Center. Following the ceremony, staff members joined Congressman Nick Rahall and State Senator Art Kirkendoll on a tour of the new Endoscopy suite led by staff and officials of the hospital.
Joined #TheInternetAssocation today for first -ever Google hangout about #patent trolls, reform and how it will help NY businesses. If you missed it you can watch here: 
Great to meet so many Winter Olympians and Paralympians today including ski jumper Nick Fairall from Andover, NH. Team USA has made all of us proud!
Staff from Senator Shaheen’s office will hold office hours tomorrow in Jackson from 9:30 a.m. -11:00 a.m., Bartlett from 11:30 a.m. – 1:00 p.m. and in Conway from 2:00 p.m.-3:30 p.m. Staff is available to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security. Details here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=2d591485-2f55-4f1f-9543-ba8ff07b6947
Senator Shaheen expressed her strong opposition to another round of Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) rounds while chairing the Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support this morning. Shaheen highlighted the negative impacts additional BRAC rounds would have on national security, jobs and the economy in New Hampshire. Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=f11116a9-d806-4dff-84b9-d6c23b328f61
Rooting for Piper Cronin of Rye Junior High! Piper is one of five finalists for the National Middle School Physical Education Teacher of the Year award – good luck on Friday! http://www.seacoastonline.com/articles/20140402-NEWS-140409944
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
The Supreme Court just decided a wealthy few could spend as much money as they want to manipulate our democracy and buy our elections. Today’s ruling follows in the footsteps of the disastrous Citizens United decision. I will continue fighting to make sure Montanans’ voices are heard – so that people and their ideas decide our elections.
The U.S. Supreme Court’s decision striking down more limits on campaign donations is misguided and will allow a few wealthy individuals to flood campaigns with cash, drowning out the voices of regular voters.   Today I am calling on the Senate to support my constitutional amendment to allow Congress and the people, through the states, to regulate campaign finance. Click here to read more about my amendment, and share it with others to help me  spread the word so we can put elections back in the hands of American voters: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1329
Debit cards are used in much the same way as credit cards, so it makes no sense for credit card fraud liability to be capped at $50 while debit cardholders can find themselves on the hook for $500 or more. My bipartisan legislation would fix this disparity. 
