Taxes are due in 2 weeks. Visit my tax assistance page to find IRS forms and get helpful information about filing. http://www.bennet.senate.gov/taxassistance
I'd like you to meet Rod Wenzel, a Vietnam Veteran, and one of the many Coloradans our office has helped get the benefits they’ve earned. We have constituent advocates around the state who are ready to help you work through problems that involve federal agencies. If you need assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us. http://www.bennet.senate.gov/services/casework/veterans/
These efforts to fix our broken immigration system have been the most productive series of conversations that I have had in four years in the Senate. I believe we are on the cusp of an agreement and should have a bill soon. Click "Like" if you support fixing our broken immigration system and watch this interview I did with Senator Jeff Flake about our work.
The Red Sox took the first matchup of the season, but you still have time to vote in our poll and decide once and for all if Connecticut is New York Yankees or Boston Red Sox country.
 
 Cast your vote now!
 
 http://on.fb.me/Z4u4qd
This has been in the works for quite sometime, glad we've taken the next step.    U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today announced that the U.S. Department of Transportation has given final approval of a $10 million grant to complete the Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens section of the Anacostia Regional Trail Network. The project extends, for almost 4 miles, the bicycle and pedestrian trail south from the end of the Bladensburg Path (on the D.C. border and Prince George’s County, MD, along the east bank of the Anacostia River) to the existing path terminus under the Benning Road Bridge.  “The Anacostia River Trail Network provides the Greater Washington community with access to safe and attractive trails for bikers, hikers, runners and commuters to get around and travel among our region’s great neighborhoods,” said Senator Cardin, a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.  “This segment is critical to connecting Maryland communities to our neighbors in the District of Columbia. It also will increase accessibility to transit stations and make it easier for Marylanders to use the trail as a way to bike to work.”  This segment of the trail will connect 60 miles of trails in Maryland and in the District Columbia. Within the District, the segment is part of the planned 20-mile Anacostia Riverwalk Trail that will connect 16 waterfront neighborhoods to the Anacostia River, including Southwest Waterfront, Nationals Park, Washington Navy Yard, RFK Stadium, National Arboretum, and other popular destinations. The Anacostia River Trail Network also connects numerous schools, businesses, libraries, museums, shopping centers and Metro and MARC transit stations.  The $15 million trail project is jointly funded by a $10 million U.S. Department of Transportation 2012 TIGER (Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery) grant, $3.5 million from the District of Columbia and $1.5 million from Maryland’s Cycle Maryland Bikeways Program.
As our society has changed and evolved, so too has the public's opinion on gay marriage – and so has mine. I pray every day for God to grant me the wisdom to do what is right. Through my prayers and conversations with my family and countless friends and Delawareans, I've been reminded of the power of one of my core values: the Golden Rule. It calls on us to treat others as we want to be treated. That means, to me, that all Americans ultimately should be free to marry the people they love and intend to share their lives with, regardless of their sexual orientation, and that's why today, after a great deal of soul searching, I'm endorsing marriage equality.
America needs all the talented minds we can find to rebuild our economy—and that includes the millions of Americans with autism and other disabilities.  We can’t afford to let old stigmas, myths, and fears about disability deprive us of people who can help build a stronger future. As we mark World Autism Awareness Day, let’s continue our work to end discrimination and increase opportunities for people with autism in Illinois, across America, and around the globe.
Congratulations to former Purdue University basketball coach Gene Keady for being elected to National Collegiate Basketball’s Hall of Fame. Boiler Up!
I am pleased more of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle support marriage equality. It's time to repeal the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act.
Productive discussion in Williston about current housing issues, and plans for the future.
On the site of a new housing development in Stanley, North Dakota
Will be on the ground 2day discussing/viewing housing in two of the most heavily impacted areas of North Dakota, Stanley & Williston.
Spoke with NBC12's Diane Walker about my bill that would help transitioning veterans enter the civilian workforce
FACT SHEET: Troop Talent Act of 2013
Spoke with CBS6's Julie Bragg about the announcement of my first Senate bill
On my tour of the Rolls Royce manufacturing facility in Prince George County I talked with Sam Tignor and Keith Brown from the shop floor team about the importance of workforce training programs like the ones they are enrolled in.
I'm proud to announce my first Senate bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013, that will increase and streamline credentialing for veterans to ease their transition to the civilian workforce. Looking forward to sharing more about this effort in Richmond this afternoon.
Just toured Fort Lee and spoke about their credentialing program and how it helps ease veterans' transition to the civilian workforce.
Very pleased to hear about President Obama’s “Brain Initiative”. I lost my mom to Alzheimer’s and saw its devastating effects first hand.  We must invest in better understanding our brain and finding cures to these diseases, which will not only help keep us on the cutting edge of science, but will also produce returns in job creation: http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/video/obama-brain-initiative-transformative-18861944
It’s estimated that 1 out of every 49 children in New Jersey are being diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder. Seeing these high numbers year after year reminds us of the challenges these children will face as they grow up and become young adults.  That’s why this Autism Awareness Month, we must recommit ourselves to helping children and young adults who fall on the autism spectrum develop into happy, productive adults.   This month and every month, we must redouble our federal efforts by funding research, screenings, therapies and public education on autism. And as long as I am in the Senate, I will continue fighting for just that on behalf of these children and their families.
NA
"What is shaping up swiftly as another main pursuit for McCaskill is pressuring military brass to become more responsible and proactive when it comes to sexual predators in the service branches." - St. Louis Post-Dispatch
Here’s a look back at our first month of #Project365. I hope you enjoy seeing some of the work our office does on behalf of the people of West Virginia, a sneak peak at the Senator’s life, an introduction to some of our staff and the beauty of our great state.  Here is a link to March:  http://www.iphoneproject365.com/photos/Senator%20Manchin?date=201303
NA
Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours on Thursday, April 4 from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, and Berlin. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
In case you missed it, read Foster's Daily Democrat editorial on Senator Shaheen's efforts to fix Washington's broken budget system by taking a lesson from New Hampshire's biennial budgeting.
Click here to bring a social media conference to Missoula: http://on.fb.me/17bf69x
It was an honor sitting down with veterans at the Public Library in Roswell. Our vets in New Mexico, especially those in rural areas, face exceptional challenges to get proper healthcare. That's why I've been promoting telehealth and exploring other ways to help them get the care they deserve in their local communities. I was thankful for the opportunity to hear their stories and inspired by their support of one another.
Was great to be in Southeastern New Mexico talking ag issues with local ranchers, producers and conservation officials. The drought has hit New Mexico hard, but I was encouraged to hear about the collaborative efforts within the community to overcome the challenges. Congress needs to send the president a Farm Bill reauthorization, like the one we passed through the Senate last year, and I am committed to fighting for rural New Mexico through the Senate Appropriations Rural Development Subcommittee.
Rocky Point Park provided so many great memories for Rhode Island families, and now, I'm glad to say, it will continue to do so for future generations. It was great to be at Warwick City Hall last week when the keys to the park were officially handed off to the State.  We were even surprised with Iggy's clam cakes in the original Rocky Point Park bags! http://bit.ly/XHpFOT
  
 What's your favorite Rocky Point Park memory?
