Last Friday I was joined in Los Angeles by Stacey Thompson of San Clemente, a Marine Corps veteran and sexual assault survivor who shared her story for the first time in order to draw attention to the epidemic of sexual assault in the military. I have introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) and Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) to address military sexual assault by ensuring that decisions to prosecute these heinous crimes are made by trained military prosecutors, not senior commanders.
It is great to see so many support strengthening Wisconsin’s middle class. Together, we can work to change Washington.
Congrats to Colorado firms Geotech Environmental, Frederick Export, Lightning Eliminators & Consultants, Inc., and World Trade Center Denver for winning the President’s “E” Award for Export Achievement and Service! My office recognized these organizations at a ceremony this morning in Boulder, before our Beyond Colorado export workshop, which we co-hosted with the Boulder Chamber, the Boulder Small Business Development Center, HUB Boulder, and the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado Boulder
Don't forget to tune in LIVE at 10AM today for our briefing on the 48th anniversary of the landmark Griswold v. Connecticut Supreme Court decision. Have questions for the experts? Comment below!  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senblumenthal
Tragically, we just lost Dover's own Sean Mullen, an Army Warrant Officer, in Afghanistan. Please pray for his friends and family, and never forget his service and sacrifice.
Yesterday, I met with graduating seniors from Delaware who have decided to attend one of our nation's service academies. I know that each of these students will receive a unique, world class education, but service academies go beyond just education. They teach leadership skills that last a lifetime. Upon graduating from the Academies, these young men and women will emerge as leaders in our military, ready to protect our nation and the world. As a Navy veteran, I’m so proud they have chosen this path, and I’m looking forward to see all of the amazing things they will do in the future.
My top priority continues to be job creation, and this bill is a common-sense step to incentivize small businesses to hire. Passing these measures will help create jobs and boost economic growth across the country. Helping small businesses expand and fueling the economy is something both Republicans and Democrats should support.
An Army Warrant Officer from Dover, Sean Mullen, fell in the line of duty in Afghanistan this weekend. Please keep him and his family in your thoughts and prayers.
“I am saddened to learn of the passing of my friend, the former Mayor of Gary, Rudy Clay.  Mayor Clay was a tireless leader for Gary and all of northwest Indiana, representing his community at the county, state, and city-wide level.  The thoughts and prayers of my family are with Mayor Clay’s family and friends.  He will be missed.” -Joe
MUST READ: Senator Donnelly signed a letter this week urging Barack Obama to find a solution for the Indiana families and orphans affected by the adoption ban in Russia. To read the letter in its entirety, click here.
In case you missed it, Richmond Palladium-Item: Donnelly discusses health issues with Richmond-area veterans.
Attacking wildfires at night from the air—when temperatures and winds are down and humidity is up—is an important tool, so resumption of Forest Service flights comes not a moment too soon. As California grows hotter and dryer, we must make every effort to quickly contain wildfires, and nighttime aerial firefighting is a big part of that effort.
Great meeting with North Dakota Long Term Care Association members from Wishek, Mandan, Bismarck and Grand Forks.
Congress passed the 19th amendment 94 years ago today to give voting rights to women. We've come a long way, but still have more work to do.
By reforming outdated farm programs and cracking down on abuse, our Farm Bill reduces the federal deficit $24 billion.
We must act now to end the military sexual assault crisis. I recently met with cadets from the Virginia Women’s Institute for Leadership at Mary Baldwin College. I spoke with these young women about the privilege and honor of serving their country. It is up to us to preserve that privilege and to protect the trust young people feel when they put their lives on the line to serve. Anything less would be an abdication of duty.   Read my op-ed in today’s Virginian-Pilot
Remembering Gwen Huneck
 
 
 How deeply sad Marcelle and I were to hear about Gwen.  I’m so glad I had the chance to see her two weeks ago when I stopped by at Dog Mountain.  Gwen and Stephen and their associates have brought so much joy to so many, and over so many years.  I’ll always cherish this memory of our last visit.
Thanks for the kind words and support yesterday. As I mentioned, I was shaken by the news of Senator Lautenberg’s passing. 
 
 But the outpouring of well-wishes means a lot to me, and I’m sure his family appreciates your thoughts and prayers.
As our nation continues to look at how best to create jobs, how best to sustain jobs and how best to support high-paying jobs, we must look at how best to educate the children who will make up tomorrow’s workforce. That's why I joined with Chairman Tom Harkin to introduce the Strengthening America's Schools Act of 2013, a bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  If we educate and prepare children well, they can be anything. If we do not educate and prepare them well, they will fail – and we will have failed them.
Today I’m proud to be joined by my colleagues to announce the formation of the bipartisan Senate Caucus on Poland to promote and strengthen the endearing and enduring relationship between the United States and Poland.   My Polish heritage has given me an identity and a set of beliefs that make me the Senator I am with a belief in freedom, a belief in people, and a belief that we must always speak truth to power. I will continue to fight in the U.S. Senate to strengthen the strong bond between America and Poland, bound together by shared values and working for a future of strong economic and security cooperation.
Proud to welcome Polish Foreign Minister Sikorski to the Senate today on behalf of CT's Polish American community. Great to announce the launch of the US Senate Poland Caucus with him there http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342982
Turkey must allow peaceful demonstrations and freedom of speech by the Turkish people. The rights to assemble peacefully and speak freely are pillars of an open, modern democracy. http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342976
"There are two problems: one, is you have sexual predators who are committing crimes, and two, you have work to do on the issue of a respectful and healthy work environment. These are not the same issues, and with all due respect General Odierno, we can prosecute our way out of the first issue. We can prosecute our way out of the problem of sexual predators who are not committing crimes of lust. My years of experience in this area tell me they are committing crimes of domination and violence.” -Claire
Today I questioned military leadership on how officials plan to prevent sexual crimes and better protect victims of sexual assault in the military. It is intolerable to continue on this path, and we must work together to prevent the legacy of abuse from continuing.  http://1.usa.gov/11WhT65
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 16 - Jackson  Fact: Ripley’s 4th of July Celebration is the oldest parade and oldest Independence Day Celebration in West Virginia  http://www.ripley4thofjuly.us/   Tourism: Visit the Mountain State Arts and Craft Fair at beautiful Cedar Lakes http://www.msacf.com/
I’m going to do everything I can to reach agreement with Republicans to hold a vote this week on freezing current Stafford student loan rates. The clock is ticking, and if Congress fails to act, rates will double on July 1. We can't allow that to happen to middle-class families.
On this day in 1919, Congress passed the 19th Amendment granting women the right to vote.
94 years ago today, Congress passed the 19th amendment to allow women the right to vote. Today's anniversary is a reminder that the movement for progress and positive change is always evolving, and there is still much work to be done to ensure freedom and equality for all.
"When our courageous men and women put on a uniform to protect our country, they deserve the best possible treatment and protection that our nation can provide. The alarming reports of sexual assault in our Armed Forces demonstrate that we are not living up to our responsibilities in that respect. It is beyond time to take action." - JS
In case you missed Senator Shaheen on msnbc this morning, click below to watch Senator Shaheen's appearance highlighting the crisis of sexual assault in the military and her efforts to address this critical issue.
Senator Shaheen will be appearing on msnbc with Thomas Roberts today at 11:10 a.m. to discuss her ongoing efforts to fight the crisis of sexual assault in our military. Don't forget to tune in!
NA
What we’re trying to do is create a safe climate, so that if someone is the victim of assault…there’s a culture in the military that says you should be able to bring that forward in a way that’s not going to affect your long-term career.  Too often we’re seeing the victims or whistleblowers get retaliated against, and that’s got to stop.
I joined NoVA faith and community leaders last night to announce an agreement with several leading banks to provide $30 million of housing assistance in Prince William County – the hardest-hit Virginia locality during the housing foreclosure crisis. By some estimates, 20,000 county residents lost their homes to foreclosure: http://1.usa.gov/16GLGTl
