U.S. Helsinki Commission  Chairman Sen. Ben Cardin (#MD), a senior member of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , and Co-Chairman Congressman Chris Smith a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , today issued the following statement:  “We’ve all been shocked by the images and news from #Kyiv. This violence is the result of a regime which has repeatedly displayed contempt for its people, who want nothing more than to be afforded the dignity which is their right as citizens. We unequivocally deplore the renewal of violence in Kyiv. We stand in solidarity with the #Ukrainian people in their struggle for #justice.  “The time has come to immediately impose personal sanctions, including visa bans, asset freezes and other measures, against the organizers and perpetrators of the violence and other egregious #humanrights abuses. Rather than blaming opposition leaders, #Yanukovych needs to engage in serious dialogue with them in order to achieve a meaningful political solution that would get Ukraine back on the road to peace, prosperity and democracy. The U.S. and European Union should use the available tools at its disposal to contribute to a peaceful resolution of this crisis. The OSCE in particular should employ its resources and mechanisms to monitor and mitigate the serious human rights concerns.”
Just when you thought Flying Dog Brewery couldn't possibly be any better they go and something like this...  "On March 1, the Frederick company will present its latest donation to the ORP (from 2013 sales), which will lead to an additional 2 million oysters planted in the Bay, according to Weston."   Kudos to your great #MDBeer and doing your part to #SaveTheBay. 
Another successful Academy Night in the books. Click here to see more photos from the 13th Annual U.S. Service Academy Information Night: http://bit.ly/1gkDKqV
I am gravely concerned about the ongoing crackdown on the protests in Kiev and today's reports of some of the most deadly clashes since the crisis began. This violence is unacceptable. I am calling on the Ukrainian government to pull back its forces and for both sides to work towards a peaceful resolution. I support the imposition of visa bans on key Ukrainian officials, and we should seriously consider additional sanctions if the violence continues.  The U.S. must work with our European partners to continue to support the Ukrainian people’s desire for democracy and prosperity. #Ukraine
NA
Attention prospective college students: Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting three information sessions regarding the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) process next week. Check here for dates and locations, and share this with any students you know.
Also on Tuesday, Joe visited Whitestown for a tour of the Amazon warehouse.
As part of his travels to Marion, Boone, and Hamilton counties on Tuesday, Joe stopped by the Coca-Cola facility in Speedway for a tour of the plant.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. The Children's Museum of Indianapolis was voted the best museum in the country for families by USA Today.
The hardworking nurses, doctors, & staff in the Neonatal Intensive Care unit at Lovelace Women's Hospital
Chatted with C-SPAN’s Steve Scully about everything from my family, what it is like being in the Senate, and much more – watch it tonight at 8:30pm CT on C-SPAN.
Small businesses are the backbone of North Dakota’s economy – they represent 96% of all employers in the state. It is important that area entrepreneurs, innovators and leaders come together to discuss best practices and offer advice and tips. That is why I’m proud to co-host the Red River Valley Research Corridor’s Small Business Summit on March 19. Register today for this great opportunity. 
"I am asking all veterans to help us to keep Missouri's VA health care providers informed on both what they are doing well and where they need to continue to improve. Those who have risked everything to protect our freedoms have earned the best health care system we can provide." - Claire   Veterans seeking to participate in the Veterans Customer Satisfaction Program can visit Claire's website, http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/VCSP/, and complete the confidential survey.
This week, Senator Manchin has been traveling around the state to discuss his most recent piece of legislation, The Chemical Safety and Drinking Water Protection Act, and to listen to citizens' thoughts about the recent chemical spill. He has also been providing residents with a federal legislative update and addressing the national budget issues. He will wrap up his week-long tour Thursday evening in Huntington and Friday afternoon in Morgantown.
My first #ThrowbackThursday: West Virginia University football photo from 1965.
Here is a video by  The Register-Herald  from yesterday's town hall meeting in Beckley. I received very productive feedback from area residents, and I thank all who take came out to participate.   Read more: http://bit.ly/1h0qY2J  Watch video here: http://bit.ly/1mvYWBL
From the #BuffaloNews this morning: #USDA must be prepared to act swiftly to help vineyards hurt by frigid winter
We’re fighting to secure $36 million in federal funds for southern Staten Island  
