I just hit 10,000 followers on Twitter! Are you one of them?  If not then click below to join the crowd.
I spent Friday, Nov. 22 in New Castle County touring a recycling plant, attending a National Guard departure ceremony and seeing the new Armed Forces Reserve Center in Newark.
Joe visited the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana in Gary this morning to donate $500 of his shutdown pay.
Read my statement on the Iranian nuclear agreement:
Great talk with the team at MAC Industries in Bismarck today.  I learned more about their innovative heaters – which are recognized as top of the line machines in the market, and toured their facility.
Today I spoke with oil and gas employees and leaders from the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation at the MHA TERO Seminar and Expo in Bismarck. MHA Nation on the Fort Berthold reservation sits in the middle of the Bakken shale oil play and has tremendous opportunity to develop a resource that will help our country become energy secure, and can truly change the fortunes of those who live on the reservation for generations to come.
Today at NASA Goddard in Greenbelt, I joined Governor O'Malley and NASA leaders to sign an historic memorandum connecting NASA’s science & innovation with Maryland’s cutting edge private sector to support jobs. With NASA’s knowledge & the know-how of Maryland’s private sector, we can bring innovation from the edges of the universe to the forefront of our local economy.
The Oregonian: In 2013, congressional gridlock and paralysis is becoming legendary, with this Congress on track to be the least productive in history. Changing its behavior is not something to be resented – nor is trying to keep its paralysis from spreading to the executive branch.
At Jeld-Wen cheering on the Timbers!
In West Virginia, whether it's the small diner we visit for lunch or the local hardware store we count on for tools and garden supplies, the reality is our economy depends on the success of our small businesses community. If we're going to make our economy stronger, we need to make small businesses stronger. It's just common sense – stronger small businesses equal more jobs.   I am encouraging all West Virginians to participate in Small Business Saturday this weekend and support your local small businesses.
Small Business Saturday is set for this Saturday, November 30.  Small businesses are vital to our communities and our economy.  This national movement marks a day to support the local businesses that help create jobs, boost local economic activity, and preserve neighborhoods around our state.
Indian Point needs maritime security 24/7
In case you missed it: Last week, Senator Shaheen was honored by White Mountains Community College with the Walter R. Peterson Award for her contributions to higher education. You can read more here: http://1.usa.gov/17N1mmA
Great conversation with high school students, college students, parents & guidance counselors about college affordability today in #RVA.
