I thank the Obama administration for determining that the people of Napa and Solano counties who were severely affected by the recent earthquake will be eligible for Individual Assistance grants and SBA loans. Residents suffering because of this devastating quake can now apply for grants of up to $32,400 to repair their homes, find temporary housing and cover expenses such as medical bills or moving costs. Business owners will be eligible for low-interest disaster loans of up to $2 million to repair and rebuild, homeowners can apply for loans of up to $200,000, and renters can qualify for loans of up to $40,000 to cover personal property losses.
Tomorrow at Noon I’ll join Jewish Women International, Americans for Responsible Solutions, and the National Domestic Violence Hotline for a Google Hangout to discuss the intersection of gun violence and domestic abuse.  RSVP here, and join us: http://j.mp/1wbbzFl
Please Share-   An #AmberAlert has been issued for:  1-year-old Gia M. Lloyd    2-year-old Gabriano D. Lloyd  27-year-old Tiamarie Valenzuela  Police are looking for a black Honda Crosstour with license plate #MD 9AZ6888  Anyone with information is asked to immediately call 911 or Anne #ArundelCounty PD at 410-222-8610.   Do not take action which could endanger your safety or further endanger the abducted children.
“It has been a long and challenging journey to reach this point, and over the past 18 months I have worked closely with the City of Gary, Gary/Chicago International Airport, Canadian National Railroad, Norfolk Southern Railroad, CSX Railroad, and other key stakeholders. Thanks to the commitment and cooperation of all stakeholders, I am optimistic that progress will continue with the Airport’s runway expansion.” –Joe touting the new construction underway that is allowing expansion of the Gary/Chicago International Airport runway to move forward.   http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-significant-step-toward-completion-of-gary-airport-runway-expansion
Thank you American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy for your help to #preventsuicide in our military and raise awareness of this scourge. -Joe
Joined Senator Saxby Chambliss at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce today to discuss the need to pass the Senate cyber information sharing bill.
NM provides the testing and operational grounds to deliver some of the most adventurous explorations in existence today.
Improving the quality of life for Santa Fe’s south side has been a true collaborative effort in the community, and I am pleased to be part of it.
Today I had the opportunity to congratulate students and teachers at Manvel Elementary School for being named a 2014 National Blue Ribbon School - an honor given to schools based on academic excellence or significant improvements made in students’ academic achievement. I wouldn’t be where I am today if it weren’t for a great education, so thank you to the students, teachers, administrators, parents, and community members who came together to help make a difference in the lives of North Dakota’s children. http://1.usa.gov/10xpREs
This week at Fort Meade I was joined by Team Maryland together with state officials and Fort Meade leaders to announce a $10 million transportation infrastructure federal grant to widen MD 175.   This public investment in Fort Meade and surrounding communities is about jobs, jobs, jobs. Widening MD 175 is critical for the 56,000 men and women who live and work at Fort Meade as one of the state’s largest employers. This project is a linchpin for a thriving but congested region.
I'm pleased the Department of Health and Human Services followed through on my request with Senator Cardin to release critical heating assistance as winter approaches. No family should be forced to choose between paying the heating bill and putting food on the table. This critical energy assistance for low income families will help those most in need care for themselves and their families.
WNYers haven’t known a fall without Mayer Bros Cider since the West Seneca family business was founded in 1852 #NYtownoftheday
Check out the innovators on deck to become #Buffalo's next hot start up thanks to 43 North!
Senator Shaheen attended the 7th Annual Veterans Count Salute Our Soldiers Breakfast this morning to recognize the selfless work of New Hampshire Easter Seals and Veterans Count. Veterans Count provides timely financial assistance and services to New Hampshire veterans, service members and their families when no other resources are available.  Organizations like Veterans Count provide critical support to veterans and their families. Please like to join Senator Shaheen in thanking them for all that they do!
Plum Creek and the Nature Conservancy have demonstrated real Montana values by coming together and making sure Montanans for generations to come will have access to one of our state's most treasured places.  I'm pleased to see these two groups working collaboratively.  Because of this deal, Montana's hunters, anglers, outdoorsmen and women will have thousands of acres to enjoy for years to come.
I had the opportunity to deliver the keynote speech at today's workshop on the future of US climate policy, sponsored by NYU Law and their Institute for Policy Integrity. Here's a link to my remarks: 1.usa.gov/1wJPKOx
