Russia must respect human rights and repeal anti-LGBT laws.
Some people look at construction and see traffic delays; I look at it and I see jobs - TB.
Stop #1: Here in Englewood, Gevo Tech is using new technology to develop and work with biofuels and renewable chemicals to create more sustainable sources of energy. It’s great to see their use of technology in their commitment to sustainability.
Gay rights are human rights. For a number of reasons recent anti-LGBT legislation coming out of Russia is disturbing. It's time to explore political means of pressuring Russia to protect LGBT rights.  The Jewish Daily Forward ADL - Anti-Defamation League
Here is an amazing story about an amazing young man. I had the honor of having Thomas McRae intern in my office this summer, he's an incredibly gifted young man who will no doubt go on to do great things. This story maybe the best thing you'll read all week.
Newark Charter School Ribbon Cutting
Congratulations to the Town of Zionsville, Indiana on receiving the 2013 Google eCity Award.  This award recognizes the strongest online business community in each state.
This morning in Bloomington, Indiana, Joe joined The Greater Bloomington Chamber of Commerce for a discussion with Monroe County business leaders about creating the conditions necessary for continued growth.
My office will co-host Military Service Academies Nights in Roswell and Albuquerque next week to give prospective applicants and their families the opportunity to speak to representatives from each service academy and in-state ROTC programs. Here's more information.
I spoke to graduates at the Quentin N. Burdick Job Corps Center about how Job Corps offers students a chance to develop their skills and find careers in fields like health care and manufacturing.  All of the students show such amazing promise and I have no doubt they will do great things.
Glad that the Minot Air Force Base was able to open its new operations building and control tower today. We must make sure our servicemembers have the best and most up to date equipment to do their jobs.
NA
Claire heard directly from Kansas City female law enforcement leaders today at a monthly luncheon about some of the opportunities and challenges they face in their occupations.
"If Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley has his way, the whole country will soon be considering a new way to pay for college at publicly run schools."
Don't miss the New Hampshire Business Review's story on Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Rob Portman’s bipartisan energy efficiency legislation and stressing the importance of energy efficiency for New Hampshire businesses. Click here to read the article: http://bit.ly/13Wrd6q
Meeting with The Rotary Club of Metropolitan Honolulu
Senator Schatz welcomed Defense Secretary Hagel to Hawaii, where he visited with service members at Marine Corps Base Hawaii.
In celebration of the National Park Service's 97th birthday, Carlsbad Caverns National Park will offer free general entry to the caverns on Sunday, August 25. The park also will offer a special temporary exhibit and activities for visitors on Sunday, including a free National Park Service-themed scavenger hunt.
 
 Entry into the caverns begins at 8:30 a.m. The last entry via the Main Corridor is at 3:30 p.m. and last entry into the Big Room via elevator is at 5 p.m. Visit nps.gov/cave or call (575) 785-2232 to find out more.
 
 Take advantage and see one of the great wonders of the world this weekend, or any of New Mexico's 13 National Parks!
Attention students: are you interested in a fall internship? My offices in Santa Fe, Portales, Carlsbad, Las Cruces and Washington, D.C., are currently accepting applications for the fall 2013 semester. An internship is a great learning experience and a terrific way to serve the people of New Mexico. Click below for more information about the application process and share it with others if you know a good candidate!
Nuala Pell's life of public service is an inspiration to all of us. I'm so glad that Salve Regina University is honoring her work by naming their Leadership Program in Public Service after her. I hope you’ll take a moment to read this The Providence Journal article about Nuala and her husband, the late Senator Claiborne Pell.
Honored to speak at Blue Ridge Jobs Corps commencement in Marion. Critics of federal investment should meet these incredible ladies.
Community town hall in Pulaski County, live at the Draper Mercantile  - incredible turnout and smart questions. #swva
