Our first job fair of the new year will be on January 23rd in Dover. Please share this image to help us reach our neighbors looking for work!
Beginning New Year’s Day, those who rely on mass transit to get to work will lose an important tax benefit thanks to Senate Republicans who blocked an extension.
 
 New Jersey commuters don’t deserve to get their transit benefits slashed & I vow to keep fighting until they’re restored.
 
 Check out my full release on this here: http://1.usa.gov/1cuTsAh
Today I’m releasing the first video in my new “Connecticut in the Capitol” series”: a series of YouTube videos that highlight Connecticut’s historical connections to a variety of places and objects throughout the United States Capitol. Connecticut has had a huge impact on the architecture, art, and structure of this place, and I hope these videos will help illustrate that even if you can’t make it down to Washington in person.   I’m so proud to represent a state that has made such a powerful mark on our nation’s capital, and I hope you'll enjoy this video series. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cx9Lm_z-vMM
President Obama today signed into law the 2014 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which included bipartisan legislation introduced by Senator Schatz.  The Military Installations Enhancement Act of 2013 will  promote the long-term viability of military bases with smart growth planning and construction that helps preserve Hawai‘i’s precious land and natural resources.  NDAA funds provisions important to Hawai‘i’s economy and military community, and increases overall defense funding in Hawai‘i while other states have seen reductions in defense spending.   “New base planning and construction have long-term impacts on the surrounding landscape and can influence future development.  Our legislation, now law, will provide smarter and more sustainable development at military bases that can cut down on traffic in surrounding communities and preserve Hawai‘i’s precious land and natural resources.” - BES  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/president-signs-national-defense-bill-with-schatz-military-construction-legislation-to-preserve-land-on-bases
Today President Obama signed legislation authored by Senator Schatz that will pave the way forward for a long-awaited Native American Veterans Memorial on the National Mall in Washington, DC.  “It is long past time for our nation to honor the uncommon contributions of Native Hawaiian, Alaskan Natives, American Indian, and other native veterans. I introduced this bill so that our nation can recognize Native Americans’ service and patriotism with a fitting memorial.  A memorial to native veterans will make sure future generations learn about the sacrifices Native Americans made in service to our nation.  The valor of our Native American veterans, their dedication to duty and remarkable record of military service, must forever be remembered.  This memorial will do just that.” - BES  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/schatz-native-american-veterans-memorial-bill-signed-into-law-by-president
