We didn't offset #unemployment under President Bush. Now all of a sudden Republicans want to change precedent at the cost of millions of Americans and our economy? Ben on  CNN Crossfire
Looking forward to a robust debate with John Barrasso tonight on Crossfire. We'll be discussing #unemployment Insurance and the health of the #economy with hosts Van Jones and Kevin Madden. Tune in, CNN 630PM EST. #MDPolitics #WyPolitics
Delaware’s own, The News Journal, explores the potential and appeal of Bitcoin. It’s a great article, and well worth a read.
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! Here are 15 of our favorites selected from over 100 submissions. The one with the most likes on January 17 will be used as our cover photo. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
Congratulations to former Senator Lugar on being awarded the American Farm Bureau Federation’s highest honor, the Distinguished Service Award, for his service to the ag community. We need a five year farm bill now to give Hoosier farmers the certainty they deserve. -Joe
Today in Bismarck, I met with Tara Olson, her daughter Tylie and son T. J., Lisa Hueser and her son Jayden, and Lisa Rask and her son Griffin. These families work with the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation to support research and research-related education programs about Type 1 Diabetes.  Currently, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation is sponsoring $530 million in scientific research in 17 countries. I’m so grateful for the great work that they do and I’m committed to supporting biomedical research that aims to help prevent diabetes.
Today the National Transportation Safety Board released its Preliminary Report on the Casselton derailment, and now that NTSB’s on-scene work in Casselton is completed, it can zero-in on what can be done to prevent a derailment like this from occurring in the future and make sure that every North Dakota family is safe in their communities. These issues won’t be resolved in the next week, but with comprehensive and swift responses from federal regulators, we can make our trains and North Dakotans safer.
On January 13, 1903, the first wave of Korean immigrants came to America in search of new opportunities. Today, I am proud to celebrate the history and the invaluable contributions of Korean-Americans to our nation and Commonwealth since their arrival more than a century ago. I was honored to introduce a Senate resolution urging reunification of the Korean peninsula last July, and I look forward to continue building relationships with the Korean-American community at home and abroad.
I'm pleased that the U.S. Department of Labor's Mine Safety and Health Administration has followed through on it's commitment to address the recommendations following the Upper Big Branch mine explosion: http://1.usa.gov/1d1jLdb
Flushing will commence by zones. Click here to review the procedure for flushing out the system and check for your zone: http://bit.ly/1eDz00P   If you have specific questions about the flushing procedure, please call WV American Water at their toll-free hotline 1-855-390-4569 or read through these detailed instructions: http://bit.ly/1a2DSxk  Please do not begin the flushing process until the "Do Not Use" order is lifted for your zone.
For the most updated list of water distribution centers, please visit my online Emergency Information Center:  ttp://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fd05fdb4-50fa-4f8b-9516-28a35425a5fe
Great joining @lauriecumbo at her swearing in yesterday. Congrats Laurie!
Members of Senator Shaheen’s staff will be in Salem Wednesday and Windham and Pelham Thursday to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies. Click here for details: http://1.usa.gov/1cXtCUN
After helping Tricon Timber in St. Regis reach a fair buy-out agreement with the Forest Service to keep the Mineral County company in business, I stopped by for a tour this weekend.  Timber companies like Tricon strengthen western Montana's economy, and supporting them gets folks back to work in the woods and restores the health of Montana's forests.  http://1.usa.gov/1cfW9By
Making government work for people in New Mexico and across the country has been a priority of mine since I came to the Senate. It was also a goal that goes back more than 60 years to New Mexico's former Senator Clinton Anderson. Click here for more on the progress we made this year from The Santa Fe New Mexican.
