Happy Earth Day and thanks to Environmental Learning for Kids (ELK) for letting me plant trees with them over the weekend. As Coloradans, we understand how important our public lands and a clean environment are to our quality of life. Our beautiful vistas, trails, and open spaces make Colorado a special place to live and add to our state’s economy. #EarthDay is a reminder to all of us that we must work together to preserve and protect our land, air, and water for generations to come.
Happy #EarthDay! From Silver Sands State Park, to Long Island Sound, Stratford Point Lighthouse, and all along the Connecticut River, our state is one of many wonders. As your Senator, I will continue to work hard to preserve the natural beauty and habitats throughout Connecticut. Hopefully, you will all join me in that effort. -RB
This #EarthDay we must demonstrate to the next generation that change is possible.
Happy Earth Day! Let’s recognize the natural treasures of the First State that we’re all fortunate enough to share, and remember that each of us should do our part to keep it beautiful for the next wave of Delawareans.
It warmed my heart to see so many Delawareans think outside the cardboard box and show up to recycle their old electronics at the Barley Mill Plaza in Wilmington in celebration of Earth Day. If you want to find an event near you, visit www.carper.senate.gov/erecycling
Today we celebrate #EarthDay, a day when we should reaffirm our commitment to a clean, safe, and healthy environment for our children and future generations. http://1.usa.gov/1txsb8l
NA
On this Earth Day, I am proud to come from a state that continues to lead the nation in utilizing forms of renewable energy. Last month a report by the World Wildlife Fund showed that 91 communities in Illinois have transitioned to 100 percent renewable electricity, representing more than 1.7 million people. From the suburbs of Chicago to Carbondale, Illinois’ communities are choosing a cleaner energy path and leading the nation in the process. To build on this tremendous work, I will continue to advocate for initiatives which focus on environmental protection and sustainability.  http://worldwildlife.org/press-releases/ninety-one-illinois-communities-powered-by-100-green-electricity
On Earth Day, Senator Joe Donnelly welcomed USDA’s Rural Development grant and loan award to the City of Rensselaer, which will help keep families’ utility bills affordable and support an important long-term project to eliminate combined sewer overflow.
Fire history of the Gila National Forest
Discussing the link between the small wood industry and forest restoration at family owned and operated Arizona Log & Timberworks with Senator Flake
U.S. Senator Jeff Flake and I kicked off our Forest Restoration & Wildfire Management Tour today by visiting the Forest Energy Corporation Pellet Plant. Here we are speaking with the plant's owner and President Rob Davis.
Happy Earth Day! Let us commit ourselves to act on climate change and lead the world in innovation, efficiency, and clean energy. #EarthDay
Can you name this New Mexico landmark?
Today I met with students at Bob Callies Elementary school and Garrison High School.  Education is the foundation for our state and country’s future success. I’m proud of the work North Dakota’s schools are doing to give a quality education to our students and I always enjoy chatting with the future leaders of our state.
Today I met with folks at JM Grain in Garrison to talk about how the company is leading the way in expanding opportunities for agricultural producers in North Dakota. North Dakota is the 8th largest agriculture exporting state in the country and our ag exports support more than 45,000 jobs in the state. I fought to make sure the Farm Bill strengthened support for North Dakota ag exporters, and I will continue to work on policies that enable our farmers and producers to feed North Dakota, the U.S. and the world. 
Talked at MHA Nation’s Annual Bakken Oil & Gas Conference today about the opportunities presented by energy production on tribal lands, as well as the challenges I’m working to address, like streamlining the federal permitting process to help support safe and responsible oil and gas development. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=54da798b-35dc-42cd-86a9-ca343be8f2d1
Also brought Federal Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerta to Williston to meet with Minot, Dickinson, Bismarck and Williston officials about their airport infrastructure needs. 
Happy Earth Day everyone!
NA
It's been a great day so far in Calhoun and Wirt counties. I was pleased to meet the students at Arnoldsburg Elementary School and the seniors at Wirt County Senior Center. Also, thank you to the fifth graders at Wirt County Middle School for joining me in planting a sugar maple tree in honor of Earth Day this afternoon.
In honor of Earth Day, I joined Wirt County Middle School students today in planting a sugar maple, the state tree of West Virginia. As a father, grandfather and proud West Virginian, I join millions of Americans and billions of individuals around the world today in celebrating the beauty and splendor of our Earth and in recognizing our shared responsibility to conserve our environment. With rushing streams, divine forests, and majestic mountains, West Virginia boasts a beautiful landscape that must be protected. And far past our humbling mountainsides, lay brilliant ice glaciers, vast blue oceans, lush plains, and a myriad of wildlife that is impossible to ignore. These surroundings encompass the West Virginia, the America and the world wonders we must preserve.  As we commemorate Earth Day, we are also reminded of the great environmental obstacles we face. As I've always said, it’s time for our country to take the lead on safe, clean energy production, especially when it comes to developing the technology and investing in research that will continue to allow us to use all of our God-given natural resources while also ensuring a cleaner, healthier, and more sustainable world for our children and grandchildren. I urge all West Virginians and Americans today to call attention to the need to take care of our planet and to be aware of the real challenges and opportunities we face. We can be the world leader on finding that balance between safe, clean energy production and our economic needs. The future of our planet depends on it.
Happy #EarthDay! I'm recycling these words of wisdom from Dr. Jane Goodall:
Last week, I joined the Washoe County RTC to announce Nevada's first fleet of all-electric, zero-emission buses. These buses are already in service in downtown Reno and will save $1.72 million in fuel costs.   On this Earth Day, I'm proud that Nevada continues to be a model for the nation in clean energy. 
Proposed FDA rule would trash this spent grain rather than let #BlackButtonDistilling & @rohrbach_brewery sell/donate to local farms
“Earth Day provides a great reminder of the work we must do year round to address the threat of climate change. The economic and environmental consequences of inaction are very real, particularly for New Hampshire’s tourism industry, and we simply can’t afford to ignore this problem. We should act immediately on bipartisan plans to address this threat, starting with the energy efficiency legislation I’ve introduced with Senator Rob Portman. Our bill will help create jobs, save people billions, and reduce pollution by the equivalent of taking 22 million cars off the road – and I hope we can pass it in the coming weeks on behalf of our economy and environment.”  -JS  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1jFAYOs  
Senator Schatz spent some time with the Hanapepe Seniors Club at Spark Matsunaga Garden this afternoon to talk story and discuss his work in the Senate to protect and expand Social Security.
My work doesn't stop when Congress takes a break. This week, I'm planting lentils, peas and barley on the same land my family has worked for over 100 years. http://bit.ly/1icI8HD
On Earth Day, let us be thankful for the natural wonders of our state and remember these wise words: "We have not inherited the earth from our ancestors, we are borrowing it from our children.”
This week I'm taking a #climatetrip from North Carolina to Florida to see effects of climate change -- one of the most serious issues facing Rhode Island.  We’re doing what we can in the Ocean State to limit the damage of climate change, but this is a worldwide problem that we can’t address alone.  We need other states – and ultimately other nations – to join us in reducing emissions, investing in clean energy, and taking steps to adapt to the changes that are already occurring.  This road trip will be an opportunity for me to see how climate change is affecting other areas of our country; to hear about what these states are doing to address climate threats; and to bring new ideas back to Washington as I continue working to get Congress to wake up and take action on this issue.  Today I kicked things off in North Carolina. Many thanks to SouthWings, Duke University Marine Lab, UNC Institute of Marine Sciences, N.C. Coastal Federation and everyone else who welcomed me today.
Re-sharing this great image by Malcolm Andrews from our fall 2013 photo contest. Virginia’s natural resources are not only national treasures, but important economic drivers for the Commonwealth. Happy Earth Day!
