Tomorrow, 11/13 830AM EST. Ben will be live on @Cspan Washington Journal discussing #ObamaCare, #Budget, nominations, and other current events. Tag questions on Facebook and Twitter with #cspanchat
“I am deeply saddened to hear about the tragic loss of life, injuries and devastation sustained from #Typhoon #Yolanda/#Haiyan in the Philippines this weekend. The extent of the damage and loss of life is almost unimaginable, with 9.7 million people affected and reports of deaths ranging from between an officially confirmed estimate of over 1,700 to unofficial estimates of over ten thousand possible deaths. As Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations East #Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee, I have spoken with the Filipino Ambassador to the U.S. Jose Cuisia, Jr., and offered my personal condolences and willingness to help.     “The #Philippines has long been a trusted, close U.S. ally. We share strong economic, security and people-to-people ties. I assured the Ambassador that I would look for every opportunity for Congress and the Administration to support a coordinated, international response that provides immediate disaster assistance and long-term support to rebuild affected communities. Already, the U.S. government is providing $20 million in humanitarian assistance to benefit typhoon-affected populations in the Philippines. We have also sent a USAID - US Agency for International Development Disaster Assistance Response Team to conduct humanitarian assessments and assistance in heavily affected Leyte Province, and are coordinating our efforts with other international donors.    “#Filipino #Americans enrich our communities in my home state of Maryland and many communities throughout the United States. My heart goes out to them and their families. We will continue to stand by our good friends in the Philippines to help them recover from this terrible disaster.”
Was honored to spend part of Veteran's day 2013 with the men and women of Vietnam Veterans of America, Baltimore Chapter 451.
NA
Senator Coons (below wearing a Russian-language "Love Conquers Hate" t-shirt from the Human Rights Campaign) wrote to the International Olympic Committee to ensure the equal rights and safety of LGBT athletes and spectators during the upcoming 2014 Winter Olympics.
#GoodNews: Congratulations to Purdue University's Military Family Research Institute, which has been awarded a $2.4 million grant by the Lilly Endowment to continue its mission of improving the lives of members of the military, veterans and their families.
A photo from Veterans Day in Gallup yesterday. Rand McNally recently named Gallup the most patriotic small town in the country in its Best of the Road contest.
Honored our brave veterans at the North Dakota Medal of Honor Memorial in Minot yesterday. We cannot leave veterans behind and must live up to the housing, health care and education commitments we made to those who have served our country. If we do not live up to this promise, then we are less for it. Read this Minot Daily News article about yesterday's Veteran's Day events in Minot.
Guest Column By Senator Patrick Leahy: Another Successful Vermont Drug Take Back Day
To donate $10 to the Philippines Typhoon Disaster Relief Fund from the U.S., text AID to 80108
NA
"I think it's one of the most important jobs I have. Whether we keep our promises to veterans reflects on the character of our nation,” Claire said this weekend after she secured a medal, sixty years overdue, for a Missouri Korean War veteran—and on Veterans Day no less.  Dencil Francis is a brave Korean War Veteran who, like many in his generation, never sought out recognition for his bravery, but yesterday was a long-awaited day for his friends and family.   Please express your heartfelt gratitude in the comments section for Francis and other veterans who have sacrificed so much for our country.
Fighting for American consumers: 
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of Executive Councilor Raymond S. Burton:
 
 “I’m so sad about Ray’s passing. He was a great friend to me and to everyone in the North Country. Ray was an incredible advocate for the people of northern New Hampshire and his commitment to them will never be forgotten. My thoughts and prayers are with Ray’s family and friends.”
"The stories of loss and devastation coming out of the Philippines are shocking and heartbreaking, and the full extent of the ravage is not yet even known. Millions of people were hit by Typhoon Yolanda, or Typhoon Haiyan, and while there is no official death toll, estimates are upwards of 10,000. My prayers and I know the prayers of all of us in Hawai‘i are with the people of the Philippines. They are a strong people and I know they will come back from this epic tragedy, but they need our help. I'm working to make sure the United States keeps supporting the Philippines now in this emergency and in their recovery efforts in the time to come. I am working to help ensure all U.S. Federal agencies are mobilized to support the Philippines in this time of need. I want the people of Hawai‘i to have all the information possible about what's going on in the Philippines as it becomes available."  The continually updated Resource Center can be found here: http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=348037
Happy Veterans Day! Please join me in thanking our veterans. We owe all of our servicemembers - and their families - an incredible debt.  And if you are a veteran, please know that my office is always available to help you with issues you may be having with federal agencies.  Let us know how we can help you at: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/services/agency-assistance
Super Typhoon Haiyan, which battered the Philippines last week, may be the strongest storm in recorded history.  Virginia, especially Hampton Roads, is home to a significant and vibrant Filipino-American population. I am keeping these folks and their families in my prayers as we learn more about Haiyan’s devastation in the coming days.   For information on locating a missing family member or donating funds to help those who have been affected, please visit the link below.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
