Listen to Tammy in Wisconsin Public Radio's segment on gun control legislation.   "When you hear that 40 percent of sales and exchanges occur without any sort of background check, without any inquiry [into] whether the purchaser is a felon or dangerous in other ways that would be identified through a background check, it's really outrageous, and we can do a lot better."
Today is Fair Pay Day -- the day in 2013 that women need to work through to earn what a man earned in 2012 alone. Women in Wisconsin make 78 cents to the dollar on average when compared to men. Share this post to show your support for equal pay!
Colorado women are paid $.79 for every dollar paid to men. Congress should pass the Paycheck Fairness Act and help women fight wage discrimination. "Like" if you agree and share this photo with your friends to spread the word.
Equal pay for equal work is a matter of basic fairness. Yet some 
 employers pay higher wages to men than women for the same work? Time for the PayCheck Fairness Act, time for basic fairness.
Congratulations to the EU for enacting strong transparency rules for oil, gas and mining companies. Now the U.S. and the EU are united in strengthening financial markets and fighting the scourge of corruption in resource-rich countries.   Special Thanks to Global Financial Integrity Publish What You Pay Oxfam GB Global Witness  Arlene McCarthy MEP and many more.
It's game time! Who ya got, Michigan or Louisville?? My Buckeyes didn't make it, so I don't have a dog in this fight. Just hoping for a great game!
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Susan & Kevin from Newark about the ABLE Act.
Hoosier women make 75 cents to every dollar a man earns on the job. This is unfair to not only women but also entire families who work hard every day for their American Dream. Share this post if you are for equal pay opportunities for all workers.
Today marks Equal Pay Day, the day we remember the wage gap women face in the workplace and continue to advocate for better, bipartisan solutions in the effort for economic equality.
Today is Equal Pay Day. California women make only 85 cents for every dollar made by a man for equal work. It’s time to end the gender wage gap.
Growing up, I saw how hard my mom worked to provide for our family—sometimes working 60-hour weeks in auto parts and garment factories in order for our family to make ends meet. Our nation has come a long way on the road to full gender equality; however women in New Mexico are still making only about 79 cents for every dollar a man makes. And the situation is worse for Hispanic women. Equal Pay Day is an opportunity to honor New Mexico’s working women, to reaffirm our belief in equal pay for equal work, and to renew our effort to bring fairness and equality to the workplace.
My visit to Gallup included a briefing with engineers and project managers who are working on the Navajo Gallup Water Supply Project. I also met with Navajo Nation President Ben Shelly as we toured the Gallup Indian Medical Center.
My visit to Santa Fe included a tour of the tech and health science facilities at Santa Fe Community College where students are learning how to solve real-world problems through science and technology. I also met with the Santa Fe Green Chamber of Commerce and the Santa Fe Area Home Builders Association where we discussed building a stronger local economy and supporting green business practices. Later I met with the Regional Coalition of LANL Communities and participated in a demonstration by SimTable to learn how new technology is helping prevent the spread of wildfires. View KOAT’s coverage:  http://goo.gl/ZSLt0.
My visit to Las Vegas included a tour of New Mexico Highlands University’s Hydrazine Abatement Technology center and the New Mexico Forestry Watershed Restoration Institute. I also had the opportunity to tour the Bradner Dam with city officials to discuss potential solutions to help alleviate water shortage concerns. Read more about my visit http://goo.gl/DU1fn.
Great dialogue today about economic development in Indian Country. The summit was hosted by the Native American Contractors Association.
Discussed issues impacting rural mail delivery w/ Michael Leingang of Washburn and Jeff Norgaard of Bismarck
Congrats to Jamestown’s Luke Bowman, who won the North Dakota Geography Bee!
Today is Equal Pay Day. North Dakota women earn 73 cents for every $1 a man earns. I support the Paycheck Fairness Act because there should be equal pay for equal work. Like/share if you agree.
Back in DC with the ND Rural Water Association. North Dakota has serious water issues & I am committed to addressing them
NA
On Equal Pay Day, let’s recommit ourselves to working toward equal pay for equal work. Today marks the number of days into the new year the average woman would have to work to earn the same amount her male counterparts earned last year.  According to 2012 data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, in Virginia, the average weekly earnings for men working full-time was $951 compared to $756 for women working full time. Women, in Virginia, only earn 79.5% of what men earn despite completing equal work, which is slightly worse than the national average. Virginia – and the nation – must do better.   I’m pleased the pay gap has narrowed over the past 30 years and I was proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act last month that builds on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, but we need to keep taking steps to tackle wage discrimination. This isn’t a women’s issue, it’s a family issue. Reducing the persistent wage gap is good for Virginia families, many of whom rely on two incomes to make ends meet, and will also help strengthen communities across the Commonwealth. This should be a goal that all of our nation’s leaders support and I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to achieve paycheck fairness in Virginia and across the United States.
Read my op-ed in the Virginian-Pilot calling on the Senate to vote on gun violence measures.  I'm ready to vote yes on limits to combat-style weapons and universal background checks to reduce gun violence and protect public safety.
This Equal Pay Day, join me in demanding equal pay for equal work by sharing this infographic. Women in New Jersey make 78 cents for every one dollar earned by their male counterpart. When women’s salaries are short-changed, so are families’ incomes and our overall economy. That’s why I will continue fighting against this persistent wage gap. The talent, education and hard work of New Jersey women is equally as valuable as that of men. Period.
Nearly 50 years after the Equal Pay Act, a woman still earns just 77 cents for every dollar a man working a comparable job makes.   That’s why I introduced the #PaycheckFairness Act, to close the wage gap & ensure equal pay for equal work once & for all.   While we wait for Congress to act, I'm joined by Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro in calling on President Obama to ban pay secrecy within federal contractors today.
On Equal Pay Day, women make up nearly half of Missouri's workforce, but earn only 74 cents for every dollar paid to men in the state. As Claire said today, “It’s bad for our workforce, bad for our economy, and bad for the hopes and dreams of mothers and daughters everywhere.”   Missouri is home to two of the country’s fifty largest metropolitan areas. Find out how the gender-based wage gap affects the Kansas City and St. Louis areas.
NA
Today is Equal Pay Day, which marks the fact that, on average, women make just 77 cents on the dollar compared to men.  It’s time for Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to help strengthen federal pay equity laws and ensure equal pay for equal work. http://1.usa.gov/YbjPRH
I'm working to fight the Republican filibuster on guns legislation. On Thursday, the Senate will begin votes on strengthening background checks and other gun safety measures. We hope Republicans will join us.
I'm glad to see that there are some Senate Republicans who agree with us that we should have a vote on gun violence prevention.
ICYMI: The Washington Post isn't so sweet on sugar's sweet deal either, endorses Shaheen-Kirk Sugar Reform Act: Congress should liberate the sugar business. At a minimum, it should pass the bipartisan Sugar Reform Act of 2013, which would eliminate the sugar-for-ethanol program and make trade restrictions and price supports more flexible.  "Like" and share if you want to stop sugar's sweet deal.
Senator Shaheen on new GAO report findings: "There is a better way to reduce the deficit ... our first step toward a comprehensive deficit solution should be eliminating outdated and unnecessary programs, and this report demonstrates that there are many opportunities for us to implement those types of responsible, targeted spending cuts."
Today is Equal Pay Day, join Senator Shaheen in calling an end to pay discrimination.     “Pay discrimination doesn't just hurt workers and our economy; it chips away at one of our country’s fundamental principles of equality.  Equal work demands equal pay, but an unacceptable income gap persists. Today, on Equal Pay Day, I am reaffirming my commitment to a goal we haven’t yet met.  As long as millions of American women continue to only earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by men, we clearly still have a lot of work to do.” -JS
Senator Brian Schatz and Congresswoman Jackie Speier today introduced legislation to right an unjust wrong in our nation’s past.   The Filipino Veterans Fairness Act (S. 690) would provide Filipino soldiers who defended the United States during WWII by with the full veterans’ benefits that they deserve.   http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341318
It's hard to believe that in 2013, women in our state still only earn 79 cents for every dollar men make. For Hispanic women, it's only 68 cents. If the wage gap were eliminated, a working woman in New Mexico would earn money for seven more months of mortgage and utilities payments, 12 more months of rent, or 2,495 additional gallons of gas. This wage gap undermines our nation's commitment to equality, and it hurts New Mexico’s working families. That's why I'm proud to sponsor S. 84, the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill would help break the cycle of wage discrimination. On Equal Pay Day today, like and share this post to help me send a clear message – it's time for paycheck fairness.
Improving government efficiency and requiring performance metrics is not headline-grabbing stuff, but this is very important work that ultimately will save significant tax dollars
Senator Warner scored a high-five today from a Longfellow Middle School student during their eighth grade class trip to DC.  (staff)
Congrats to Roanoke native and Hidden Valley High School grad Luke Hancock for being named Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four!
Today is Equal Pay Day. Fifty years ago this June, President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law. Today, women still earn only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. It’s time to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, because women deserve equal pay for equal work.
