NA
Today’s ruling is a victory for the fundamental voting right of every Pennsylvanian. Implementing Voter ID would prevent tens of thousands of Pennsylvanians from exercising their right to vote, including elderly Pennsylvanians who've fought in our wars and worked to make our country safe. Voter ID is crumbling under the weight of its own faulty premises and misguided reasoning.
"The changes to the National Security Agency’s data-collection programs announced by President Obama today are a welcome first step, but they fall short of restoring the privacy safeguards that Americans deserve."
A modern bill to confront modern challenges to Americans' voting rights.
When we were young #TBT
There has been a staggering increase in suicides among young veterans in recent years. Joe wants to encourage all veterans and members of the military not to hesitate to seek help handling any mental health issues. The Veterans Crisis Hotline is staffed 24/7 at 800-273-8255-1. 
Senator Donnelly questioned nominees for the National Nuclear Security Administration, the Army, and the Air Force at a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee yesterday. He was pleased to welcome a fellow Hoosier—the Honorable Madelyn R. Creedon, nominee for Principal Deputy Administrator at the NNSA, from Indianapolis—to the hearing. In his questioning, Senator Donnelly talked about the importance of mental health assessments to curb military suicides. 
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. The City of Gary was chosen as one of the most recent participants in the White House’s Strong Cities, Strong Communities Initiative, which seeks to spark economic growth in distressed areas of the country. Senator Donnelly wrote a letter of support on the City’s behalf last July.
Share this #GoodNews. Indiana University's Carlie Jensen has received the National Retail Foundation’s Next Generation $25,000 Scholarship. Jensen is set to earn her bachelor’s degree in fashion merchandising this May.
I am very pleased that the President today announced his intent to end the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records. This is a major milestone in restoring Americans’ constitutional rights and rebuilding the public’s trust. I'll continue pushing forward on these reforms in the weeks and months ahead.
For the third year in a row, the NDSU football team’s hard work was rewarded with a well-deserved national championship. Today the Senate unanimously passed a resolution to recognize the players and coaches for an incredible season, and all of the fans for their unwavering support. We hope to pass another one after next year’s national championship.
Had a great meeting with Cindy McCain to strategize about efforts to combat sex and human trafficking, and discuss my bill which would help enable minors who are involved in sex trafficking to come forward and be treated as victims, not criminals. Cindy has been at the forefront of working to reduce human trafficking in Arizona, throughout the United States, and around the world.
I was proud to join Senator John McCain to introduce the War Powers Consultation Act of 2014, which will greatly improve the consultative process between Congress and the President on the nation's most important decision - whether to send troops into harm's way. 
"This is terrific news for Kansas City jobs - and it's further evidence that, far from the continued partisan bickering in Washington about the Affordable Care Act, the law is working to protect Missourians, expand insurance, and provide a boost to business opportunities. If ‘Obamacare' is threatening the economy as some elected officials claim, then somebody forgot to tell the economy." - Claire 
It is unacceptable that our government has indiscriminately swept up millions of cell phone records of law-abiding citizens. This is an outrageous abuse of Americans’ privacy.  I’m glad the President has acknowledged the concerns with bulk collection and will explore options to remedy those concerns.  Our nation is stronger when our civil rights as Americans are respected. I will continue to work with the Administration, Senator Wyden, and other colleagues to ensure our constitutional rights are honored in our laws and by our government.
Today, I'm pleased to announce the Chemical Safety and Drinking Water Protection Act, a bill that will help protect Americans from chemical spills that threaten drinking water.  No West Virginian or American should have to go through something like this again, and that is why I'm introducing this common sense legislation to make sure all chemicals are appropriately monitored.   This bill brings together in one place the tools to provide oversight of chemical facilities. It strengthens states’ ability to prevent chemical spills like the January 9th spill that contaminated the water supply in nine West Virginia counties and impacted more than 300,000 West Virginians.   Get the details on this important piece of legislation by visiting my website and SHARE this if you agree it is time to take necessary action to make sure all chemicals are appropriately monitored.  http://1.usa.gov/1kHxNuJ
Today President Obama proposed bold and real steps to reform the methods the intelligence community uses to keep us safe. These proposed reforms will go a long way towards putting the imperatives of national security and personal liberty into an appropriate and sustainable balance.  I have always believed that we must maintain rigorous oversight and transparency over national security programs that affect American citizens. At the same time, we must be sure to provide our intelligence professionals with the tools they need to protect our country and defeat those who would do us harm. In the Senate, leaders from both parties have been working diligently on these issues, and I look forward to working with them and President Obama to implement the proposals outlined today.   I also want to express my appreciation for the hard-working men and women of the intelligence community. They dedicate their lives to protecting our safety, and we all owe them a debt of gratitude.
Completed Hudson Greenway Link Study paves way for next phase-creating ped/bike path from Yonkers to #NYC
The Senate today passed the omnibus appropriations bill, which now goes to the President’s desk for his signature.  Senator Schatz helped work to include more than $744 million directly for Hawai‘i’s priorities in the bill.  “Appropriations have always been important to Hawai‘i and we need to make sure Hawai‘i continues to secure our fair share.  We protected investments that matter to jobs and Hawai‘i’s future here, and did well for Hawai‘i in this appropriations process.  I am deeply appreciative that we were able to work with Senate appropriators to protect or increase funding for the East-West Center, transportation, Native Hawaiian health care and education, clean energy, and defense programs.” - BES  http://www.staradvertiser.com/news/breaking/20140116_Senate_passes_budget_bill_with_hundreds_of_millions_for_Hawaii.html 
The President today spoke about the federal government's surveillance programs, and while I’m glad he is implementing many of my ideas to rein in surveillance, there is no substitute for an open and honest debate about these issues in Congress.  Too many questions remain about the reach of intelligence agencies into Americans’ private lives.  Striking the right balance between national security and civil liberties is difficult, but the burden of proof must fall on the government and not on Montanans going about their daily lives.
At today's Environment and Public Works Committee Hearing on President Obama's Climate Action Plan I had a few things to say to the Republican Senators on the committee who continue to put the interests of the coal and oil industries ahead of public health and other industries that Americans rely on for jobs.
