My first Instagram photo – flashback to my House of Representatives freshman class of 1983! Follow me: http://instagram.com/senatorboxer
In just a few minutes, General Motors CEO Mary Barra & compensation expert Ken Feinberg will appear before the Senate Commerce and Transportation Committee to give testimony and answer questions regarding the deadly ignition switch defect.   Yesterday’s New York Times piece was damning, and GM should be held accountable if it intentionally failed to disclose a deadly defect to the public. http://j.mp/1l3gCPx  Watch the hearing live now: http://j.mp/1kzTsnl
My deepest condolences go out to the all the families and friends of those lost on #MH17. This is an international tragedy.
Happening Now:   Dangerous Passage: Central America In Crisis And the Exodus of Unaccompanied Minors 
This month Harrington, Delaware will be hosting the 2014 Delaware State Fair! Swing by July 17-26 for concerts, games, contests, and delicious food.
I thank President Obama for visiting Delaware today to announce his new infrastructure initiative. It is the responsibility of Congress and the administration to work together to maintain and support our transportation system. We need to pass a long-term solution to shore up the Highway Trust Fund this year: http://1.usa.gov/1l9rL1d
Bethany named by the National Geographic Traveler magazine as a beach where “the essential beach experience endures” http://bit.ly/1mMvW7A
Bill Nye the Science Guy came to the office on Tuesday to talk about federal support for NASA and research into space sciences.
Thank you to Indianapolis Fraternal Order of Police President Bill Owensby and 1st VP Rick Snyder for coming by the office today to discuss ways we can reduce the violence in Indianapolis and across the state. We appreciate everything the FOP does to support law enforcement agencies all across Indiana.
Very excited for the public schools on California military bases receiving Department of Defense modernization grants.
My bill with Senator Ayotte would improve breast cancer detection. Early detection is key. Our bill would empower women to make informed health care decisions when they receive mammogram reports.
Earlier this week, I joined Chief Pimlott of Cal Fire at a Senate Energy & Natural Resources hearing to discuss wildfire funding.
I'll be on msnbc's The Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd this morning to discuss the Central American refugee crisis. Starts at 7am MT/9am ET.
As a nation, we value the twin promises of freedom and opportunity. Those ideals are important no matter where you were born. But our immigration system is broken. There are ways to address the Central American refugee crisis that are pragmatic, bipartisan, and uphold our American values. As the son of an immigrant, I'm familiar with the promise America represents for families. I know how hard immigrants work, how much they believe in this country, and how much they're willing to give back. It’s time to fix our broken immigration system once and for all. Our nation will be better for it. Please take a moment to watch my speech today. 
Met North Dakota Corn Growers to talk about prevented planting and how to make sure the Farm Bill is implemented in a way that works for North Dakotans.
Today I met with top Administration border security officials to press for additional needed resources and personnel on the northern U.S. border in North Dakota. While much of our attention has been recently directed to the southern border – and rightly so – it is imperative that securing it is not done at the expense of the northern border. Today I took the concerns local enforcement on the northern border have with the growing population and increases in drug and human trafficking to the Administration officials to highlight the need for resources so our border agents can perform their jobs and keep America safe. 
Today the Senate unanimously passed legislation that would mandate the President nominate to the Federal Reserve Board at least one member with community bank experience. The decisions made by the Federal Reserve have significant and immediate impacts on our community bankers and the customers they serve. When these decisions are made, there should absolutely be a voice in the room to highlight the impact they will have on smaller banks and communities in rural America.  http://1.usa.gov/1mRC1jl
After 15 months of facilitating discussions, I helped secure a final deal on an acceptable shipping rate between Burlington Northern Santa Fe and Red River Valley and Western, enabling about 400 farmers in southeastern North Dakota to more easily transport their crops via rail at a lower cost. The agreement will allow James Valley Grain to build a new grain elevator in Verona that will fill the void of a facility that shut down in 2009. This deal is a win-win for everyone involved – it helps farmers sell their crops and saves them money, creates jobs, puts short-line railroads in a strong financial situation moving forward, and enables BNSF to transport grain where it needs to go. I’ll keep working closely with all parties to make sure the agreement is implemented properly. 
#TBT to last July, when Chairman of the Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, came to Virginia to visit Newport News Shipbuilding and learn about the unique capabilities of the aircraft carriers and submarines built there. The visit gave Senator Durbin an opportunity to see firsthand the important role Virginia’s shipbuilding industry plays for our Navy and national security, as well as the local economy. This week, Senator Durbin announced that the 2015 Defense Appropriations Bill includes $848 million to refuel the USS George Washington - a top defense priority for the entire Virginia delegation.
Watching coverage of the plane crash in Ukraine with sadness and concern. Let's get the truth before drawing conclusions.
Claire blasted General Motors' officials today in her Consumer Protection Subcommittee, citing the investigative report that found, “incompetence and deceit among engineers in positions of responsibility,” adding “it is clear that the culture of lawyering-up and whack-a-mole to minimize liability killed innocent customers of GM.”   This hearing was part of an ongoing investigation into GM’s response to the defective ignition switches that have been linked to at least 13 deaths. 
HAPPENING NOW: Claire's chairing a hearing to examine the independent investigation into General Motors' response to the defective ignition switches that have been linked to at least 12 deaths, including a fatality in Missouri, and other matters related to the ignition switch recall. Watch live. 
Congratulations to the Morgan Arts Council in Berkeley Springs for receiving up to $25,000 through the NEA “Our Town” grant program.  This funding will support arts programming at the Digital Media Center for Public Engagement, and the program will train local residents on media arts, videography, lighting, reporting, scripting, acting and directing. All content created at the new media center will highlight local events and activities, attract tourists and promote the rich culture and traditions of the area. This is great news for the Berkeley Springs community.
Like many of you, I have been monitoring reports that a Malaysian Airlines commercial airplane, bound for Kuala Lumpur from Amsterdam and carrying 295 people, was taken down today near the border between Ukraine and Russia.  We don’t want to speculate, we have to gather the facts.  The United States has offered our assistance to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and will do everything we can to help determine the causes leading to this tragedy.    Our heartfelt sympathies and condolences go out to all the families and friends of those killed in this terrible incident.  Every possible effort is being made to get to the bottom of this and hold the attackers accountable.
Great to be here in Detroit for Netroots Nation #NN14
Disasters like #Sandy aren’t going away, protecting our electric grid is a smart move  
Red tape shouldn’t ever hurt rural fire departments, but especially not during fire season.  Click on the link to see how I helped get Montana firefighters more of the equipment they need to keep our families and communities safe: http://1.usa.gov/1suT7Xi
New Mexico's VA is experiencing a crisis of confidence. We need new leadership here and in Washington, D.C., to begin to regain the trust of the veterans the VA serves. I had a good talk with VA Secretary nominee Bob McDonald today about the longstanding problems New Mexico veterans have faced — including high turnover of doctors at rural clinics, the difficulty accessing mental health care, and the lack of transportation options for rural veterans. We also discussed the very disturbing recent events at the VA, including the ongoing investigation into falsified schedules, and the emergency procedures at the Albuquerque hospital.   I emphasized the need to immediately restore a culture of transparency and accountability in New Mexico and nationwide. And I reinforced to him that we need a new director at the VA Medical Center in New Mexico who can immediately address these problems while being responsive to New Mexico's diverse and highly rural community of veterans. Bob McDonald is a veteran who has a strong record of corporate leadership, in which he has brought about the kind of management changes we need to see at the VA. I'm optimistic that he will be a strong advocate for veterans in New Mexico and across the country. And I look forward to supporting him during the confirmation process.
These Virginia students and I were happy to help Cory Booker on his mission to get a selfie with every senator!
Had a great time this morning with many of Virginia's Boy and Girl Scouts and their families. Congrats especially to these brothers, who have each earned all 135 Boy Scout merit badges!
Congress shouldn’t wait until the next financial crisis to address “too big to fail.” Read a CNN op-ed from me, Senator McCain, Senator Cantwell, and Senator King on why we need to pass the 21st-Century Glass Steagall Act, which we introduced one year ago last week: http://www.cnn.com/2014/07/17/opinion/warren-mccain-big-banks/index.html
