Raising the minimum wage to $10.10/hour would mean lifting the wages of 15 million women and their families.
If Ramona Quimby’s parents tried to make it by on the minimum wage today, their story might be very different. A quarter of minimum wage workers are parents with children—that's 14 million kids we can help have a better life.   The Senate votes today at Noon. Watch Senator Blumenthal's floor speech from yesterday, and share this image. Let everyone know we need to #RaiseTheWage now. http://j.mp/1hdSBDf
The #Senate passed a resolution coauthored by Chuck Grassley recognizing the importance of  #Civics Education as a means to strengthen our democracy.   “The health of our democracy depends on having well informed and involved citizens. Civics education is key to cultivating a generation of future leaders, who -- with the lessons learned from our rich democratic history -- will lead us to a bright future.” said Senator Cardin. “I thank my Senate colleagues for uniting in behind civics education and pledging to support our dedicated teachers and administrators.”   MORE  
Joining Senator Roger Wicker in raising alarms about the treatment of Jews and other minorities by Pro-#Russians militants in Eastern Ukraine.  “In addition to the OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe observers, several dozen people — #journalists, #activists, #police officers, #politicians — are reportedly being held captive in makeshift jails in Slovyansk … we continue to be deeply dismayed at the other flagrant violations of human rights by pro-#Russian militants in eastern and southern #Ukraine,” the senators wrote. “These attacks and threats underscore the importance of the #OSCE Special Monitoring Mission and other OSCE institutions in Ukraine in assessing the situation on the ground and helping to de-escalate tensions. …"  MORE 
Americans deserve a #FairShot, not another #GOP #Filibuster.
Heading the the Senate floor to support U.S. Senate Democrats #RaiseTheWage initiative.   "In 1968 nominal #minimumwage was $1.60 per hour. If adjusted for inflation to July 2013 dollars, it should be close to $10.77.  Here's the problem- now wage is $7.25"     
It was an honor to speak with Maj. Gen Vavala and the men and women who help protect the First State in the Delaware National Guard and thank them for their continued service to the our state and our nation.
Raising the minimum wage is about basic fairness and economic security for Pennsylvania’s workers and families. I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, which will increase Pennsylvania’s GDP by over $1 billion and add thousands of jobs. It will have positive economic impacts for the entire state, not just those working for the minimum wage.
NA
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Good news! Cynthia Bashant confirmed for California’s Southern District Court. She has been a real leader in San Diego. 
If natural disaster strikes, do you have an action plan? Find out how you can prepare here:
Republicans' refusal to raise the minimum wage demonstrates just how out of touch they are with hardworking Americans. Working full time at the current minimum wage leaves too many families struggling to make ends meet -- this is especially true for women, who are the majority of minimum wage workers today. Raising the minimum wage is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the well-being of New Mexico children.
At the Senate Indian Affairs hearing today, we discussed why the system for energy development on tribal land is far too lengthy and uncertain. We need to make a concerted effort to develop Indian energy expertise within the Bureau of Indian Affairs to improve coordination on permit processing, including setting firm timelines to hold agencies accountable and create predictability for tribes and industry. 
Met with community bankers from around North Dakota to talk about the invaluable and great work that they do for our communities and families.  I will keep fighting for community banks in the Senate.
Met with North Dakota Close Up students from White Shield, Wing, Tappen, Edmore and Hettinger today. I always enjoy talking with young folks who are interested in government.
I'm frustrated and deeply disappointed that the Senate failed to advance a bill to raise the minimum wage and put hard working families first. I don't know anyone in North Dakota earning the current minimum wage who can honestly make ends meet. The cost of living for a single mother with two children in North Dakota is more than $43,000 a year, which means she would have to earn more than $20 per hour to make ends meet. That is nearly triple the current minimum wage. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6be11500-f1d6-497c-ac13-d2ae3ee003e3
Today, I voted to advance legislation to #RaiseTheWage to $10.10 by 2016, which could give nearly 750,000 Virginians a raise. I’m discouraged that many of my Senate colleagues chose to block a bill with such broad, bipartisan support from the American public. Read my full statement here:
I'm disappointed Senate Republicans filibustered a bill raising the federal minimum wage to build a stronger middle class. I support increasing the minimum wage to give 450K Maryland workers a raise & give working families a fair shot at the American dream.  We must make work worth it so everyone who works hard and plays by the rules gets a fair shot! A full time job shouldn’t mean full time poverty.
Restoring the purchasing power of the minimum wage is essential for families to have a fair shot at the American Dream. #RaiseTheWage
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
VIDEO: Behind the scene at my interview with Steve McGowan on receiving a Boy Scouts of America Silver Buffalo Award. What an honor. http://bit.ly/1meSY8s 
Today is the last day to vote for your favorite Mountain State restaurant. Click here to submit your nominations for 101 Unique Places to Dine in West Virginia: http://bit.ly/Sblmv8 
I'm disappointed that today the Senate failed to pass an increase in the minimum wage. We can all agree that Americans who work hard and provide for themselves and their families should not live below the poverty line and deserve a raise.  I will continue working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in order to find middle ground and pass this beneficial, commonsense agenda.  To read my full statement, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ae7fe0f6-db05-493d-9e79-c141bae993a4
It is appalling and completely unacceptable that millions of dollars in bonuses were given to IRS employees who haven’t been paying their taxes. That's why I have introduced the 'No Bonuses for Tax Cheats Act.' No federal agency should reward tax-delinquent employees with taxpayer-funded bonuses, least of all the IRS. I thank my good friend Senator Burr for working with me on this important piece of legislation that will help right this wrong. http://1.usa.gov/1jim1UR
Today, Senate Republicans blocked a bill that would increase the national minimum wage to $10.10. This legislation is vitally important for our economy and for millions of workers who deserve a decent wage. We will work to bring this up again.
Millions of American workers will be watching to see how each Senator votes today on the bill to raise the minimum wage. We'll begin the vote at noon.
Today's vote to #RaiseTheWage didn't pass but #SenateDems won't stop fighting until it does. We will bring this bill back to the floor because every American deserves a fair shot at the American dream. 
Thanks to Senator Angus King for putting together an excellent hearing to shine a bright light on the problem of dark money in political campaigns.
Ready for today's Rules Cmte hearing on campaign finance reform with Justice Stevens
NA
Office of Senator Jeanne Shaheen
"It's always great to see the brave men and women from New Hampshire's Air National and Army National Guard.  Grateful for their service." -JS
Raising the minimum wage will help 80,000 Montanans make ends meet and put more money into the pockets of local business owners. That’s what I voted to do today.  Unfortunately, a minority of senators blocked the increase that the American people want and working families need.
Following this morning's committee hearing on campaign finance reform, one thing is crystal clear: we need a constitutional amendment to reform our broken system. I'm pleased my amendment is up to 36 cosponsors, and I welcome the announcement that we will have a vote on it in the Senate this year. Like and share this news to grow support, and if you believe our government should be of, by and for the people – not bought and paid for by secret donors and special interests.
Today we had the opportunity to help kickstart our economy in New Mexico and across the country by increasing the minimum wage. Yet Republicans chose obstruction over a common-sense proposal to help families get ahead. A federal minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, would bring the wage to where it would have been if it had kept up with inflation. The thousands of minimum wage workers in New Mexico – many of whom are raising families – deserve better than a filibuster. While I'm disappointed in the filibuster of our minimum wage bill, I’m going to keep working until we get it passed.
Earlier this month, we saw the U.S. Supreme Court deal another blow to our democracy through its McCutcheon v. FEC decision. As I said at the time, McCutcheon should be the breaking point that forces Washington to permanently reform the campaign finance system. This morning, there will be a hearing before the U.S. Senate Committee on Rules and Administration on this very issue. I'm a member of the Rules Committee, and I'll be there to make my case for why we need to take action through my constitutional amendment, which would restore authority to the American people, through Congress and the states, to regulate campaign finance. Join the debate online during the live webcast using #backtothepeople, and share this with others if you believe it's time to put our elections back in the hands of 'we the people.' http://www.rules.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=CommitteeHearings&ContentRecord_id=3fb0fbe5-f5f6-4366-80fa-ab84c40746ff
Today the GOP blocked the Minimum Wage Fairness Act, a bill to raise the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10 per hour over several years. Too many Rhode Island families are struggling to pay their bills and put food on the table, despite working long hours.  It’s time to make the federal minimum wage a living wage, so that hardworking Rhode Islanders can provide for themselves and their loved ones, and businesses see more customers with money to spend.  I’m disappointed that Senate Republicans refused to allow an up-or-down vote on this commonsense legislation, but I will continue working to pass this and other bills to give working Americans a fair shot.
I support raising the minimum wage, and that’s why I voted today to move forward to a Senate debate. I am open to a discussion about alternative proposals for how and when we raise the minimum wage, and it is unfortunate that we did not reach the 60-vote threshold today to allow that discussion to take place.
The recent announcement that the Navy has committed to purchasing 10 submarines over the next five years is great news for Hampton Roads and Virginia. 
