Wondering where your refund check is? Curious if you qualify for free filing? Get the answers to these questions and others and find the most commonly used IRS forms on my tax assistance web page.
Vote-A-Rama is underway. You can watch live on C-SPAN2, or follow @SenatorCardin on Twitter for updates.
Great rundown by The News Journal on exciting announcement by President Obama that he'll name sites in Delaware as the First State National Monument. I've been working on getting Delaware its first national park for over a decade, and this gets us to about the 5-yard line. Ready to get in the endzone. via Delawareonline
Take a look at a few stories about what I have been working on this week.
For those visiting DC this spring, The Library of Congress is displaying the John Hay copy of President Lincoln's Gettysburg Address from now until May 4th.
Check out our running blog of how Senator Coons is voting on the amendments added to the FY 2014 Senate budget resolution. We will be updating the blog throughout the day.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) met with members of the National Association of Community Health Centers where he was presented with the Distinguished Community Health Leadership Award.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the Senate floor about the bipartisan, bicameral Marketplace Fairness Act of 2013 which will be filed as an amendment to the Budget Resolution.
NA
Starting Monday, Joe begins his “Hoosier JobsRoots” tour and will ask businesses and community leaders about ways he can help them create more jobs so more Hoosiers can get back to work.
Today, Joe continued his advocacy for the AMERICA Works Act with a discussion hosted by Center Forward in Washington, D.C. Senator Donnelly wants to help bridge the skills gap and provide workers the training and education needed to fill the jobs demanded by employers now. Share this post if you agree, and let's continue to fight for more jobs in the Hoosier State.
FACT: The Affordable Care Act has saved Californians on Medicare $453.8 million on prescription drug costs.
Made progress on equal pay today.
Join me in welcoming North Dakota National Guard's 818th Engineer Company back to North Dakota!
I’m fired up! The Senate today on a voice vote passed my Paycheck Fairness Amendment to the FY 2014 Senate Budget Resolution. This budget is a reflection of our values & priorities. And eliminating the wage gap should be one of those priorities. This morning, I urged my Senate colleagues to support equal pay for equal work. I believe that in America if you work hard & play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead.
Today at 11am, the Senate will vote to act on the Paycheck Fairness Act, legislation I introduced to ensure equal pay for equal work. As we approach the 50th anniversary of the Equal Pay Act, women still earn just 77¢ for every dollar a man makes. 
 
 Join me in this fight. Make your voice heard & demand we end wage discrimination once & for all!
I'm a big supporter of open and transparent government, so I'm releasing my bracket http://i.imgur.com/t2AJbYQ.png
Claire today offered an amendment to the Senate Budget Resolution currently under consideration, aimed at boosting hiring for veterans through certification of job skills obtained while on active service.   As Claire said, "the aim here is to make sure the men and women who've fought for our freedoms have their high-level training and skills recognized in the civilian job market, and the states have a critical role to play,"
Will be joining The Kudlow Report at 7:10 pm this evening to discuss budget negotiations and my biennial budgeting proposal to convert the federal spending process to a two-year budget cycle -  a system proven to work with New Hampshire as an example.
This afternoon the Senate passed by a vote of 56-43 Senator Shaheen's budget amendment to protect women's access to primary, preventative and reproductive health care. Click below to watch Shaheen's remarks on the Senate floor today and read more here: http://1.usa.gov/WSJ92O
Senator Shaheen will be joining forces once again with New England Patriots Vince Wilfork next Tuesday at Gilbert H. Hood Middle School in Derry to promote Diabetes Alert Day. Shaheen and Wilfork will be speaking to students about diabetes awareness and the importance of healthy living. Below is their PSA from this past fall on diabetes awareness. Click "like" and "share" to show your support for Senator Shaheen and Vince!
NA
Great news for Taos and Rio Arriba Counties, the State of New Mexico and all who visit the Land of Enchantment! On Monday President Obama will officially declare the Rio Grande del Norte a National Monument. Not only will this protect some of Northern New Mexico’s most historically and culturally rich land for the benefit of locals and visitors, the national monument could attract $15 million in new revenue and create more than 275 jobs thanks to increase visitation to these spectacular areas. Local communities and leaders from Taos Pueblo, Taos and Rio Arriba county governments, the Village of Questa, area businesses and conservation organizations have worked diligently to make this happen! This proclamation would not have happened without the leadership of Jeff Bingaman and I am proud to have worked with Martin Heinrich and Ben Ray Luján make sure it's a part of Jeff's legacy. Like and share this post to spread the news!
This morning, as we prepared for another round of votes on the budget, I made the case to my colleagues for passing a budget that takes a balanced approach to reducing our deficit.
Just voted against the Ryan Budget in the U.S. Senate.  Rhode Islanders deserve a balanced approach to deficit reduction, one that doesn't turn Medicare into a voucher system or cut Pell Grants.
