NA
Yesterday, I spent some time in Sussex County with members of two different generations, in visiting seniors at Long Neck CHEER Center and students at Shields Elementary in Lewes. Both groups were great!
Senator Coons (below speaking at a Delaware HIV Consortium event Monday to mark World AIDS Day) is introducing a bill to help end the stigma against individuals with HIV/AIDS by encouraging states to repeal outdated and unscientific criminal laws.
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would cause 105 million Americans to lose access to free and recommended preventive services covered under healthcare reform. More than 3 million Illinoisans have already received coverage for preventive services at no out-of-pocket cost thanks to the new law. Just last year, nearly 1.3 million Illinois seniors received preventive services like cancer screenings and flu shots under Medicare through the Affordable Care Act. It will also be easier for kids to start leading healthy lives now that insurers are required to provide vision and hearing screenings and recommended immunizations. And women with new health care plans are now entitled to preventive services like free breast cancer screenings. Find out more about the preventive care the Affordable Care Act requires insurers to provide here:
Senator Donnelly’s office wishes a very fond farewell to Air Guard Maj. Pat McDonnell, who today finished a year-long military fellowship with us here in D.C. Thank you Pat for your service to Hoosier Guard and Reserve Members, veterans, and active military.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. U.S. manufacturing grew at its fastest pace in over two years this November, leading to an increase in export sales, production, and most importantly, employment.
Attention Hoosier Guard and Reserve Members, the nomination season for the 2014 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award is going on now. Nominate your civilian employer at www.freedomaward.mil by January 20th to recognize their strong support of Guard and Reserve Members and their families.
Enjoying a #greenchile cheeseburger at Dale’s restaurant in Melrose, after touring Cannon Air Force Base and the Melrose Range.
On the road to Clovis...
In studio earlier today with New Mexico PBS New Mexico in Focus host Megan Kamerick. I hope you'll tune in this week to watch the interview.
With snow and cold weather continuing today, please stay safe on the roads. Before you leave, check out road conditions on the North Dakota Department of Transportation’s website, or download the smartphone app, NDRoads, to stay updated on the go. http://www.dot.nd.gov/travel-info-v2/
Great day in Christiansburg and Roanoke meeting with local business leaders to discuss ongoing budget negotiations in the Senate and the importance of high-tech manufacturing in the region. At PlasticsOne, I tested out a device manufactured in Roanoke that prevents texting while driving, an issue I was proud to work on as Governor.
Senator Leahy Wednesday in Winooski joined Jerry Tarrant, the chief operating officer of MyWebGrocer, to discuss his bipartisan legislation to crack down on so-called “patent trolls.” Leahy’s bill would protect businesses from well-financed shell corporations abusing the patent system by threatening lawsuits – often with the intent of extracting hefty concession payments – against small businesses in Vermont and across the country for such everyday occurrences as offering wi-fi to their customers or using document scanners in their offices.
Today was a very humbling day for me. PS-3 in West New York, NJ was renamed Robert Menendez Elementary School. I am honored to receive this tribute.
 
 I must also take this chance to give a special shout-out to the 6th graders I had the pleasure to chat with. They represent the future for New Jersey and our country.
We need to raise the minimum wage. It’s the right thing to do for our economy and for American families.
Speaker Boehner cannot continue to delay action on comprehensive immigration reform. The House must act, and I'm confident that they will be compelled to pass it. I also applaud the courage of #Fast4Families, who have been raising awareness about the costs of our broken immigration system.
This morning, Senator Shaheen joined staff and volunteers from Rockingham Nutrition and Meals on Wheels, Inc in Salem for a “ride along” to highlight the negative consequences of indiscriminate budget cuts on New Hampshire’s seniors.  During the ride along, Shaheen greeted New Hampshire seniors and heard firsthand about the importance of Meals on Wheels and other home food delivery programs as volunteers delivered meals to seniors. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hyFLUs
Too many children in New Mexico will go to bed hungry tonight - and we have to do better for them. Earlier today, I toured the Roadrunner Food Bank's Southern Branch to highlight the important work the food bank is doing to fight hunger in Southern New Mexico, and to talk about my opposition to cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program proposed in the Farm Bill. We can't afford cuts while working families here in New Mexico are still struggling to put food on the table for their kids.
