The two catastrophic failures at the Walk Bridge clearly demand action. I will be fighting for necessary funds from federal agencies to correct these chronic problems and will work with the full delegation to ensure Connecticut's transportation infrastructure receives the immediate attention and funding it needs and deserves. Remedies are required right away. -RB
70 years ago today, 150,000 allied troops landed in Normandy. They bravely stormed forward, uncertain of their fates. Too many never returned.   The letter President Eisenhower sent the Allied Expeditionary Force on #DDay expressed the great importance of this effort: “The eyes of the world are upon you. The hope and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you.”   Today, we remember them. http://j.mp/1kG4cjX
The Chesapeake Bay Watershed has just been officially designated as one of eight Critical Conservation Areas that is eligible for set-aside funding as part of the consolidated RCPP. The new program benefits the region’s farmers and continues a strong foundation for restoring the health of the Chesapeake Bay Watershed.  Ivisited a local Baltimore County farm Friday and met with national and state conservation partners for a kickoff of the new Regional Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP).  The Regional Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP), which will receive more than $100 million annually in mandatory funds - $400 million for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 –emphasizes cooperation between producers and regional stakeholders to work together to improve the effectiveness of agricultural conservation activities by leveraging non-government funds in support of conservation projects. The RCPP also focuses conservation funds on regions with the greatest conservation needs. Allocation of the funding is divided between a state competitive process (25%), USDA’s National Resource Conservation Service (NRCS) for projects based on national competitive process (40%) and projects in up to eight critical conservation areas (35%)- of which the Chesapeake Bay watershed is one.
More than 5 million Americans and 44 million people worldwide have Alzheimer’s Disease, and without action those numbers could nearly double in the next 15 years. June is Alzheimer’s & Brain Awareness Month and I urge all Delawareans and Americans to get educated on the issue and work together to someday #ENDALZ
Deeply grateful to be in Normandy reflecting on the sacrifices made here 70 yrs ago.  This was the first site i saw at the cemetery, Sgt. Wilbert L. Gray of Pennsylvania. We must do all we can to support our veterans #DDay70
“On this 70th anniversary of D-Day, we pay tribute to all the men who courageously stormed the beaches of Normandy, turning the tide in World War II.  We must always remember the extraordinary sacrifices they made, including the contributions of our Hoosier heroes. We continue to honor those who are still with us today, and those we have lost. It is a great privilege to bring the prayers and good wishes of the people of Indiana to Normandy as we commemorate D-Day on behalf of World War II veterans everywhere.” –Senator Donnelly’s statement while on a bipartisan congressional delegation to Normandy.
Watch my opening statement from yesterday’s Intelligence Committee hearing on FISA reform. 
In May, we raised $103,710 for breast cancer research through U.S. Postal Service stamps. Each stamp purchase helps the fight. 
70 years since Allied troops fought valiantly on the beaches of Normandy. Your bravery will never be forgotten. 
I spoke Wednesday about easing student loan debt and closing gender pay gaps with my Democratic women colleagues. 
Like many in our community, I have serious concerns about the progress being made on the Kirtland Air Force Base fuel spill cleanup. Which is why I met with the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force last month to press for further action and to stress the importance of meeting upcoming deadlines. I was pleased that she assured me this is one of the Air Force's top cleanup priorities and will fully fund cleanup efforts to restore our water supply.
Toured HESS Corporation to show Senator Carper the process used to extract oil and natural gas.
NA
Today I brought Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Chairman Senator Carper to North Dakota to talk with local officials about the security challenges on the state’s northern border. As our population has boomed, we have seen increases in drug and human trafficking and we need to make sure our border patrol has the resources to handle any increase in movement. Because of his tremendous influence on homeland security policy, I wanted to make sure Senator Carper saw firsthand our border, and spoke with the hardworking North Dakotans who keep us safe every day. http://1.usa.gov/1p2WjrN
Today we remember all the brave men and women who stormed the beaches of Normandy on D-Day 70 years ago today and how their actions forever changed our history. I’m grateful for their courage and dedication, and will never forget their sacrifice.
Joined a bipartisan coalition of Senators to introduce legislation that would extend the federal program tasked with expeditiously reviewing oil and gas permits on public lands for 10 years and provide more flexibility to the U.S. Department of Interior. For our state’s energy economy to continue to thrive, and in order to achieve North American energy security and independence, it is critical to have policies in place that support responsible energy production without excessive delays. 
Today we remember the valor, fidelity, and sacrifice of the Allied Forces on D-Day. I was honored to spend today at the National D-Day Memorial in Bedford - a visible reminder of those who have sacrificed to preserve the liberty we enjoy. Thirty-four soldiers from the Virginia National Guard’s Company A, 116th Infantry Regiment landed on Omaha Beach seventy years ago today and nineteen of those men lost their lives that day, as did four more later in the Normandy campaign. When I reflect on the sacrifice Virginians made and continue to make for our freedom, I am honored and humbled by the character and quality of their service.
As we mark the 70th anniversary of D-Day, we’re grateful for the bravery, courage and sacrifice of those who put their lives on the line for our freedom.   To the veterans of our greatest generation who fought valiantly & those who gave their ultimate sacrifice, we say thank you. Our veterans of WWII served with honor & distinction in the fight by land, sea & air for freedom against tyranny & oppression.  On this anniversary of D-Day and everyday, we give thanks to veterans of greatest generation and all our veterans, military & their families.
“As we commemorate the anniversary of the D-Day invasion, we remember and honor those who fought and died on the beaches of Normandy to liberate Europe and defend the freedoms we enjoy today. We will never forget the sacrifices of the Greatest Generation, and we must continue our commitment to all veterans and their families, who continue to serve this country with distinction.” -Claire
I don’t know how anyone could look at these candy-flavored tobacco and nicotine products – many with flavor names like 'Tutti Fruiti’ and ‘Gummi Bears’ – and not think that they are directly targeted towards our children.  We have the FDA to make sure that our kids are safe and healthy, and they have fallen down on the job of regulating flavored tobacco and e-cigarettes. The FDA must act quickly to make sure that we stop seeing these candy flavored tobacco products on the shelves and allowing children easy access to e-cigarettes. ______________________________________________________  For more information, including the report that was released today, please visit: http://www.merkley.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=0ff5d017-ede7-4551-9e9b-91607d9cec6a
We need to strike a balance between our energy needs and global environmental concerns, and I am convinced that the EPA’s proposed rule does not strike that balance. Read my recent op-ed on the EPA's proposal:   http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/06/06/epa-proposal-all-wrong-us-must-strike-balance-between-energy-needs-green-dreams/
Senator Manchin traveled to the Normandy Beaches to celebrate and recognize the 70th anniversary of the D-Day invasion. Senator Manchin was honored to join his Senate colleagues and thousands of veterans and world leaders to remember this significant event and its place in history.
Seventy years ago, Allied forces fearlessly stormed the beaches of Normandy to help end World War II, defeat fascism, and return freedom to Europe. Thousands made the ultimate sacrifice that day, including 38 brave servicemen from West Virginia. Our state has one of the highest rates of military service in the nation, and I’m so proud to honor the veterans of our great state by paying my respects at Normandy today with the brave heroes who fought there. The profound bravery and sacrifice of our D-Day heroes will never be forgotten, and I am filled with so much pride to honor them on this special anniversary.  http://www.army.mil/d-day/index.html
Honored to spend this 70th anniversary of D-DAY with World War II Navy Veteran Louis Gautieri Jr., 87, of Johnston, who joined the Navy when he was just 18 years old.   I held a ceremony today in Mr. Gautieri's honor and presented him with the military awards he earned while bravely serving our country.   We are reminded today of the uncommon courage and extraordinary selflessness of our World War II veterans like Mr. Gautieri, who humbly exemplify why we call theirs ‘the greatest generation.’
Won’t stop working on this issue: Minoa resident highlights dangers of parked oil tankcars: 
Remembering the sacrifice of the Greatest Generation today & thinking of the many New Yorkers who received letters like these:
Senator Shaheen joined local, state and federal officials at Nanocomp Technologies this morning to celebrate the company’s expansion and tour the construction site for its new manufacturing facility. Nanocomp is tripling its manufacturing capacity and set to create new jobs in New Hampshire with the help of an $18.5 million grant from the Department of Defense (DoD).    Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1pg5aUD  
“Today we remember the bravery and selflessness of the American and Allied Forces that together stormed the beaches of Normandy 70 years ago. Thousands gave the ultimate sacrifice to begin the effort to liberate the oppressed people of Europe and defeat Hitler. We can never forget what they did that day and how they shaped the world forever.” -JS
#PhotoFriday – temperatures are rising for summer, so it's time to wind down our spring photo contest. Submit your favorite photo to #ShowcaseNM at the following link, then stay tuned for the finalists and vote for your favorite! Thanks to R Sigdel for sending this great sunset from the Sandia mountains in Albuquerque. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasenewmexico/
Seventy years ago, Allied Forces landed on the beaches of Normandy. Today, we commemorate that historic battle, and the bravery, skill, and determination of the heroic men and women who served in World War II. The success of the Normandy invasion was due to the great courage and determination of many individuals and led to the liberation of France and eventual destruction of the totalitarian Nazi regime.   The heroes of D Day represent the best of us. They fought valiantly for each other and for the values we hold dear. Many of them, including from New Mexico, were killed or wounded during the invasion and in the campaigns to follow. In remembering their sacrifice, let us strive to be worthy of them every day.
Rhode Island has many natural assets, but we're especially fortunate to have beautiful rivers, bays, and coastline. That's why keeping our shores and waterways clean and safe enriches our communities and strengthens our economy. Today I was glad to join Clean Bays to see their important work restoring a central portion of the East Providence shoreline.
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day, we honor the service and sacrifice of our incredible World War II heroes. We also remember that the best way to honor those who gave their lives in the past, is to continue to support the service men and women who are fighting every day for our future.
