Have a good weekend everyone. Try to get out and enjoy the beautiful state we live in. www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghSwrWqIOOo
“Gridlock does not create jobs, it does not improve our schools and it does not clean the air we breathe or the water we drink. We are public servants and we were sent here to do a job, and I am committed to getting the work of the American people done.”   U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) voted to support a reasonable package of changes to the Senate rules designed to improve the efficiency of the Senate and minimize the ability of any one senator to block consideration of legislation or certain nominations. Senator Cardin has worked for months with a bipartisan group to develop recommendations on rules changes.  The Senate approved two resolutions tonight by votes of 78-16 and 86-9 that contain nearly all of the bipartisan group’s recommendations.  “The U.S. Senate has too frequently been paralyzed and blocked from carrying out the business of the American people. The reasonable rules changes enacted for the 113th Congress were negotiated based on the frustrations of Senators from both the majority and minority parties. It became apparent to all of us that individual senators were abusing the system and blocking consideration of amendments and bills indefinitely. That’s not how the Senate should operate. The rules changes agreed to should allow the Senate to carry out its responsibilities in a more effective way.  “I strongly supported this bipartisan effort to change the rules of the Senate, but I do believe in majority rule. I think rules changes should be done in a bipartisan manner but after a full debate that decisions should be made by a majority of the Senators elected to the Senate.  “Let’s hope that the cooperation that grew out of developing rules changes will carry through to other work, allowing us to tackle the hard problems facing our nation in a more collegial way, recognizing that compromise is how this country was formed.”
Ben- Was honored  by the  Development District Association of Appalachia (DDAA)  with the 2012 Congressional Award during the Mountain Maryland PACE Legislative Breakfast in Annapolis. Mountain Maryland has some of our state’s greatest natural resources and we have a great opportunity to develop its natural beauty while also spurring economic development. Honored to have worked with so many amazing people to ensure interests key to Western Md are protected and advanced.
 
 
 http://www.cardin.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/cardin-receives-award-from-the-development-district-association-of-appalachia
This week marks the 40th anniversary of the Supreme Court's decision on Roe v. Wade. Be sure to check out Senator Coons' blog on the importance of protecting women's fundamental right to make their own decisions about reproductive health and family planning.
Great seeing Al Jaeger in DC!
"Sticking to one of her top priorities...Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D-N.D.) signed on as a co-sponsor to the Senate Farm Bill"  http://www.willistonherald.com/news/heitkamp-signs-on-to-farm-bill/article_94bd6002-670a-11e2-a5ab-001a4bcf887a.html
In my hometown of Richmond I met with Vice President Biden, Administration officials and experts who worked on gun safety issues in the wake of the Virginia Tech tragedy to discuss the steps we need to take to reduce gun violence. During the discussion I was able to share some of the measures we implemented in Virginia to curb incidences of gun violence and mass shootings by improving our background check system, changing standards for mental health treatment and improving campus security. (Official White House Photo by David Lienemann)
Watch Senator Leahy announce the reintroduction of the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act in the 113th Congress at a press conference on January 23.
Just toured a few sites with Mayor Rohde in Meriden to talk about federal priorities in town
Toured Sandy damage on the Milford shoreline wtih Mayor Blake and state Rep. Rose this morning. Still a long way to go here
A quick look at the Inauguration from Claire's view.
NA
“As a country we simply must do better when it comes to increasing access to mental health services, particularly for children and young adults,” said Senator Shaheen.  “This bill represents an important step towards expanding access to mental health services and provides training for healthcare professionals and teachers who work with young people. We hope that programs like these will help diminish the stigma that sadly prevents too many from seeking the treatment they need. More importantly, this could play a role in preventing future tragedies like the one we saw in Newtown last month and that is a move that our entire country should be ready to rally around.” - JS
Montana reported nearly 5,000 cases of domestic or sexual violence in 2011.  Enough is enough.
Burqueños already know how great their city is -- glad The Huffington Post is taking note. Click here to learn why Albuquerque is one of the West's most unique cities, and make plans to Visit Albuquerque soon!
During yesterday's confirmation hearing, I asked Senator John Kerry about continuing our joint counternarcotics work and pursuing other issues of mutual interest with Mexico. A strong relationship between both countries will benefit New Mexico and citizens on both sides of the border. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee I have appreciated Senator Kerry's work on efforts like the Merida Initiative to push back against drug trafficking organizations, while working with Mexico to reform the judiciary and create the conditions needed to reduce crime. Click here to see our exchange, and why I look forward to working with him as our next U.S. Secretary of State.
For more than three years, I've been committed to changing the Senate rules so that Congress can effectively respond to the needs of the country. I'm supporting the leadership's bipartisan agreement and, moving forward, will continue to fight for the stronger filibuster reforms my colleagues and I believe will make the Senate a more accountable institution. We've come a long way toward reforming the Senate and the filibuster in the last three years. We've made progress, but I'm not done fighting to change the way we do business. It's true what my Uncle Mo used to say: 'Reform is not for the short-winded.'"
After a decade of women serving in wars where there are no front lines, the reality is that women have been serving in hostile environments and contributing to combat operations. I've met with some of these courageous servicemembers in Iraq and Afghanistan and I am glad that the Department of Defense is planning to lift its official ban on women in combat. It's time for us to fully recognize the contributions of all of our servicemembers.
In 2005, I was proud to be the first Virginia Governor to protect gay workers at state agencies from discrimination in hiring and promotions. I am very, very pleased today to see the Virginia Senate approve this commonsense protection for Virginia’s LGBT workers, making equal opportunity for state and local government employees a permanent part of the Code of Virginia.
