“#Freedom means the supremacy of #humanrights everywhere. Our support goes to those who struggle to gain those rights and keep them. Our strength is our unity of purpose. To that high concept there can be no end save #victory.” - FDR
LGBT rights are human rights. #Uganda's anti #LGBT law is an affront to human dignity and represents a deeply concerning backslide in international human rights. This legislation is designed to oppress, discriminate, and disenfranchise and should be repealed as soon as possible.
Here's some good advice on an important topic in the spotlight this week. Have a read: http://1.usa.gov/Mpnxat
Today I learned Rep. John Dingell will retire after 60 years of serving the people of Michigan in the House of Representatives. Over the years, I’ve had the pleasure of working with him on issues ranging from reforming healthcare to strengthening America’s auto industry to protecting our clean air and it was always a pleasure working with “The Chairman.” He will be missed.
Last call for those interested in learning more about funding from the public and private sector to join this morning at Delaware State in the Martin Lither King Jr. Student Center.
On Sunday I spoke with Fox News' Shannon Bream about the events unfolding in #Ukraine.
President Bill Clinton will keynote this year's Opportunity: Africa conference on March 10 in Wilmington! Register: http://www.coons.senate.gov/opportunityafrica
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. EmployIndy plans to provide job training for approximately 400 low-income residents from Indianapolis by the end of 2015. 
Today, Senator Donnelly applauded the announcement that the U.S. Department of Defense has awarded $70 million toward the creation of the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute in a public-private partnership to boost American manufacturing. The effort, led by UI Labs in Chicago, includes a public-private partnership with participation from Indiana University, Purdue University and the University of Notre Dame.
Congrats to the New Mexico Lobos and New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball teams for earning top spots in the Mountain West Conference and Western Athletic Conferences.
Met with Bismarck State College VP of National Energy Center of Excellence, Kari Knudson, and Director of Great Plains Energy Corridor, Emily McKay, about the importance of investing in North Dakota’s students and the role our education systems can play in North Dakota’s all-of-the-above energy strategy.
Today I met with folks with the North Dakota Farmers Union Young Producers to talk about the Farm Bill, and how we can make sure it works for North Dakota’s farmers and ranchers. Great to see friendly North Dakotans here in D.C.
Tracy’s Kids is a wonderful pediatric art therapy program that works at D.C.’s Children’s National Hospital and all across the nation.  Today I toured the hospital to see the great work that they do and meet some of the brave children they work with.
In my many conversations with Administrator McCarthy, I repeatedly encouraged her to visit our great state, and to hear from folks who actually have to implement and comply with EPA regulations every day. I’m grateful that she agreed to visit North Dakota this week, and this trip will be an opportunity for North Dakotans to have their voices heard. I’m looking forward to having meaningful discussions about the need to find a real path forward for coal, and how ethanol provides good jobs and has environmental benefits that shouldn’t be overlooked. 
Congratulations Dale Earnhardt, Jr. on becoming a two-time Daytona 500 Champion. What an exciting and well-deserved victory.
Got a chance to meet with URI professors today to see firsthand some of the leading research they are conducting on explosives, explosives detection, and cyber security, and discuss efforts to strengthen URI’s role in physical and cyber security study.  I was impressed by the work URI is doing to detect new threats and strengthen both the physical and cyber security of our nation.  And I’m proud that RI is taking a lead role in developing expertise in these critical fields. The explosives detection work and training Dr. Oxley and her team are doing is critical to law enforcement and helping make our nation safer.  I want to ensure URI has the resources to train the next generation of scientists and cybersecurity experts to meet the challenges of the future and stay a step ahead of criminals and terrorists.
Congratulations to Sean King, a senior at Rogers High School, for achieving the Boy Scouts of America's highest rank, Eagle Scout.  I had a chance to join with all the members of Troop 3 in Newport to honor Sean's accomplishments, leadership, and commitment to public service.    It is always heartening to see so many patriotic, dedicated young Rhode Islanders who are committed to making our community a better place.
Stood up today w/ Ukrainians in Rochester, praying for freedom & peace for our friends in #Kiev
This morning Senator Shaheen met with University of New Hampshire students to talk about the rising cost of higher education and her proposals to help students manage debt.   Read about it with the link below. 
It was great meeting with veterans from the Taos area over the weekend to hear their stories about challenges they've faced getting quality health care in a rural community. I recently introduced a bill called the Rural Veterans Improvement Act to improve access to mental health services, help veterans get transportation to far-away doctor's appointments, and prevent turnover among doctors and staff at our rural health care clinics. The meeting was a great opportunity to discuss how this bill can help our veterans. I look forward to working with my bipartisan partner Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada to grow support for it in the Senate so we can improve care for veterans in Taos and all across New Mexico.
Rhode Islanders need the best information available as they adapt to coastal erosion, higher risk from storm surge, shifting seasons and fisheries, and other effects related to climate change. The new website launched today by Rhode Island's Climate Change Collaborative can be an important tool in educating our families and communities about what to expect and how to respond to this important challenge. Check it out: http://www.riclimatechange.org/
