Headed to the Senate floor to give an update on the historic and devastating flood in Colorado, as well as the ongoing recovery efforts. You can watch by tuning in to CSPAN2 or watching this live stream:
I'm headed to the Senate floor NOW to urge my colleagues to act on gun violence prevention legislation in the wake of the 9-month anniversary of the Newtown tragedy and Monday’s mass shooting at a naval office building in Washington, DC. Since Newtown, 8,241 Americans have died as a result of gun violence.Watch the speech LIVE here:  http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Tune in LIVE at 10AM today, September 17th, to join Senator Blumenthal (D-CT), Senator Dan Coats (R-IN), and the Bipartisan Policy Center for a discussion on Hasan Rouhani's election as Iran's next president and the hopes it has raised that a diplomatic deal over Iran's nuclear program might still be within reach.
 
 Livestream here: http://1.usa.gov/15jBb1z
Today is Constitution Day, when we remember and celebrate the 1787 signing of one of our nation’s most fundamental building blocks. The values enshrined in that document still resonate today, and I’m honored to work in the U.S. Senate for all Delawareans and Americans to both protect and promote freedom. It’s a challenge to find this balance, but a task that we can’t shy away from - see my op-ed from yesterday’s News Journal, in which I discussed this balance between privacy and security.  http://www.delawareonline.com/article/20130916/OPINION07/309160013/Carper-Striving-strike-balance-between-security-privacy
NA
Last week, Vincennes University announced a partnership with Hurco Companies Inc..  The industrial technology company will provide updated lab equipment to Vincennes University classrooms to strengthen manufacturing education.  #SkillsGap
On #ConstitutionDay, learn more about President James Madison, a coauthor of the Constitution and creator of the Bill of Rights.
Could you recite the U.S. Constitution’s Preamble? #ConstitutionDay
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about the importance of passing a bipartisan #EnergyEfficiency bill.
Happy Constitution Day! On this day in 1787, 39 delegates signed the U.S. Constitution. Let us remember the insight our founders had for this great nation and celebrate the Constitution. #ConstitutionDay
In North Dakota, we have a strong sense of patriotism and military service. And you can see that at our state's Air Force Bases.  Today, I met with Colonel Bauman, Commander of the 319th Air Base Wing at the Grand Forks Air Force Base to talk about the priorities and challenges the Base faces. Thank you to all our servicemembers for their hard work.
Thank you for the great questions about Syria that have been submitted for my Twitter Town Hall. If you haven't sent yours in, there's still plenty of time. Go to Twitter now and submit your questions using #AskHeidiH and include your hometown. I'll be answering your questions Tuesday at 3:15pm CT.
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone impacted by today’s tragic shooting at the Washington Navy Yard. As we learn more about the horrific events that unfolded this morning, my deepest sympathies go out to the friends and families of the victims, as well as the surrounding community. I am thankful for the bravery of the first responders who put their lives on the line today, and every day.
As we learn the names of the victims of yesterday's senseless tragedy, let's all offer our thoughts and prayers to their families and the Navy Yard community. 
 
 This is also an unfortunate reminder that Congress must resume a thoughtful debate about gun violence in this country.
Our vets returning from war shouldn’t have to face a quagmire of bureaucracy in getting their benefits claims processed. I’ve been laser focused on fighting red tape slowdowns & demanding a sense of urgency in processing delayed claims.   This week I wrote to Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Shinseki calling for an action plan for Baltimore to implement the FDC benefits program. We must improve the lackluster performance so commitments to our vets aren’t put in jeopardy.
Calling all Nutmeggers in DC: join me and Senator Blumenthal for coffee tmrw from 8am-9am. RSVP to zach_dendas@murphy.senate.gov
Google hangout coming up at 4pm. Monte Frank will join me to talk about next steps on anti-gun violence legislation. Tune in http://bit.ly/15AjfUL
Hosting Google hangout at 4pm. @MonteFrank1 will join me to talk next steps on anti-gun violence legislation. Leave your questions on this issue - or anything else you'd like to discuss- in a comment below.  Tune in here at 4pm http://bit.ly/15AjfUL
More than 8,200 people have been killed by guns since Dec 14. Now we have 12 more innocents gone. Congress, enough is enough.
Following yesterday’s tragic shooting at Washington, D.C.’s #NavyYard, a watchdog report today detailed major deficiencies in a program that was used to grant contractor employees unrestricted access to #Navy installations. In response, Claire’s demanding answers from the U.S. Navy.   The report from the Defense Department’s Inspector General details fundamental problems in the Navy Commercial Access Control System (NCACS), which was designed to expedite access to Navy facilities for contract employees. Lax oversight and administration allowed 52 convicted felons access to Navel facilities, including those who had previously been convicted of charges such as “conspiracy to distribute” cocaine and “indecent liberties with a child.”
Claire’s moving to protect residents and businesses around Table Rock Lake, from service disruptions and new costs, after a finding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers—which manages leases around the Lake—entered into its management agreement improperly.  “It’s outrageous that families and businesses around Table Rock Lake would have to pay the price for the Army Corps’ failure—and that’s why Senator Roy Blunt and I are going to work together to hold the agency accountable. Army Corps leadership should be embarrassed by this, and it’s up to them to find a solution that protects folks in this area from service disruptions or higher costs.” – Claire
Senator Byrd often said that our freedom is ‘set forth and realized’ in our Constitution and he felt it was vital to study it, honor it and revere it. That’s why he carried it in his coat pocket everywhere he went and wrote the law that created ‘Constitution Day’ – to be celebrated every September 17, the anniversary of the signing of the Constitution in Philadelphia 226 years ago.
 
 “September 17 used to be known simply as ‘Citizenship Day,’ a recognition of naturalized American citizens. But in 2004, at the urging of our beloved Senator Robert Byrd, Congress changed the official name to ‘Constitution Day and Citizenship Day’ to include a celebration of the signing of Constitution, not with flags and fireworks, but with thoughtful appreciation of what this great document has meant to us. So today, I join all West Virginians and Americans in proudly appreciating our Constitution, our supreme law of the land that defines America as ‘we the people.’ Let us take a moment and celebrate what our Constitution represents, which secures the blessings of liberty to ourselves now and for generations to come.
Obamacare is the law of the land. Time to accept it and move on.
Under the Affordable Care Act, members of Congress and their staffs will be covered by exactly the same plans that will extend health insurance to millions of Americans next year. Under the law, 535 members of Congress and 16,000 staff are treated like other employees across America. And like 150 million other Americans who get their health insurance through their jobs, their employer – the federal government – will share part of the cost of that healthcare, as it has for all federal employees for decades.  If Republican Senators believe they should bear the full cost of their own health insurance, they can certainly decline the federal government’s employer contribution and pay their own way. They can even encourage their staffs to follow suit. But for Senator Vitter and his Republican allies to end the contribution for 16,000 hard-working federal employees – even after years of accepting the subsidy themselves – is hypocritical and mean spirited.
Today, Senator Brian Schatz released the following statement after 12 people were killed in a shooting at the Washington, DC Navy Yard.  “I joined the rest of the country in being horrified by yesterday’s senseless shooting at the Washington, DC Navy Yard. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims’ families as they begin to cope with the loss of their loved ones.  “We have to do whatever we can to prevent this type of tragedy from occurring again. I call on my colleagues to pass bipartisan gun safety reform. When the Senate debated this issue in April, we saw widespread consensus from the public on commonsense reforms, such as expanding criminal and mental health background checks.  “While legislation can’t put an end to all violence, lawmakers must do what is right and close the gaping holes in our system in order to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the severely mentally ill. Now is the time to do the right thing.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345737
This morning, I advocated for my bipartisan bill to reform and strengthen our nation’s housing finance system.  LIKE and SHARE these photos to help me raise awareness of the need to build a housing system that protects taxpayers and supports consumers while growing our economy.
Today I’m proud to celebrate Constitution Day by honoring the world’s longest surviving written charter of government and the freedoms it guarantees us. While we reaffirm our appreciation today, we should always remember to uphold the wisdom of our founding fathers, from respecting our rights to privacy, abiding by the separation of powers and protecting our civil liberties. “We The People” are stronger when we remember our history and we should encourage every generation to learn more about these ideals so they can carry them into the future. Click here to read the Constitution and share it with others to celebrate.
Susan Farmer was a courageous and kind person. As the first woman to hold statewide office in Rhode Island, as an indomitable cancer patient, as the successful head of our public television station, she set a shining example for all of us in public service, and she did so with great generosity of spirit. She prevailed in tough environments without losing her poise or decency, and she will be missed.
Classy move by Washington Nationals: Nats wearing Navy hats to honor the victims of yesterday's tragedy.
