Proud to stand today with former Air Force Chief Prosecutor Colonel Don Christensen (Ret.), Senator Gillibrand and a bipartisan group of our colleagues to fight for an independent military justice system. #passMJIA
The NFL and other major sports leagues are exempt from the antitrust laws that bind other American businesses, yet there's no way for us to hold them accountable for their treatment of serious issues like domestic violence.  Let’s make a change. Read about the SPORTS Act here, and share: http://j.mp/1vLiNP2
I wanted to take a moment this #GivingTuesday to remember a truly amazing woman. Bea Gaddy showed us that the good that can come from giving of our time and talents is limitless. Ms. Gaddy, “The Mother Theresa of Baltimore”, will forever be a symbol of the positive power of charity and public service.       http://goo.gl/cw7z0O
Great news, the #NoSecretDeals campaign is still going strong. Publish What You Pay
It's #GivingTuesday. Remember, #MarylandGivesMore!
NA
NA
***Watch Live Now***  Subcommittee on #Water and #Wildlife entitled, “Innovation and the Utilities of the Future: How Local Water Treatment Facilities are Leading the Way to Better Manage #Wastewater and Water Supplies.”
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the Capitol. Photo credit to the Architect of the Capitol.
Met with the newly elected MHA Nation Chairman Mark Fox today. I’m looking forward to working with him to make sure we live up to our trust and treaty responsibilities to provide the care and resources our Native brothers and sisters need.
Met with the Bismarck Mandan Chamber today to discuss how we can work together to make sure North Dakotans are best protected and their voices are heard in the Senate.
Great news that the federal the agency overseeing federal workforce issues approved pay rate increases for more than 150 civilian employees at Minot Air Force Base. As workers flock to higher paying jobs in the oil patch, they are often leaving behind federal jobs, including needed positions at Minot Air Force Base that help the base protect our state and the country. Working together, we can fill these jobs and help make sure all North Dakota’s federal employees can afford housing and support their families, and today’s announcement is a good first step forward. In September, I brought Director Archuleta, the head of the federal agency, to North Dakota and we met with many of the civilian employees at Minot Air Force Base. Those workers are doing critical jobs, but they must be treated fairly. Director Archuleta put what she heard in Minot to action, and I’ll continue to work with her as we seek to address the challenges impacting federal employees in North Dakota. http://1.usa.gov/1ycTjgV
During the holidays, it’s easy to get caught up with buying the perfect gifts for your family and traveling to spend time with loved ones, but it’s important that we also take the time to give back. #GivingTuesday is a great reminder to set aside a few hours to volunteer in your community. Check out the below list of some of the organizations you can volunteer at in North Dakota, and sign up before your calendar fills up.
Sharing a great FDR quote for #GivingTuesday
"One year ago, a sexual assault survivor in the U.S. military faced a daunting landscape. Resources for survivors were limited. There was nobody whose job it was to fight for victims' interests ... Things are different now." - Claire
Today is #GivingTuesday, a day dedicated to giving back. In West Virginia, we believe in the principle of neighbors helping neighbors, and we strive to improve our communities by working together. I hope all West Virginians will get involved this Giving Tuesday by supporting the many charities and organizations in our state and raising awareness for important causes in the Mountain State and across our great nation.
NA
Visit Pine Plains once the snow melts for a climb up Stissing Mtn #NYtownoftheday
#GivingTuesday kicks off the start of the holiday giving season.  Charities and nonprofits make a big difference in Montana and we need to make sure they have the resources they need to help Montanans.  http://bit.ly/1tzYBMQ
Pleased the Senate today passed the bipartisan Chesapeake Accountability Act, I sponsored with Rob Wittman and U.S. Senator Tim Kaine. The Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure and a centerpiece of Virginia’s culture and economy. This legislation will bring increased accountability measures and a more collaborative management approach to restoration efforts. http://1.usa.gov/1tAXzjJ
