Good to be home in Colorado after a long week. I just sat down with 7News and TheDenverChannel.com to talk about the immigration bill. Watch the interview where we discuss the beefed up border security provisions, how this bill will grow the economy, and a way forward with the House of Representatives.
NA
In 3 days, student loan interest rates double. It’s time to pass S.1238. #DontDoubleMyRate. LIKE & SHARE if you agree!
NA
This week as part of his Made In Maryland tour and to tout the Small BREW Act, Senator Cardin visited the Flying Dog BreweryBrewery .  Under current law, brewers generally pay an $18 excise tax on each barrel brewed.  Small brewers, currently defined as those that brew fewer than 2 million barrels of beer a year, pay a reduced excise tax of $7 per barrel for the first 60,000 barrels of beer they brew each year. The Cardin-Collins Small BREW Act would reduce the excise tax applicable to brewers producing up to 6 million barrels per year to just $3.50 on the first 60,000 barrels and $16 on additional barrels below 2 million per year.    “Small brewers have been anchors of local communities and America’s economy since the start of our history. In addition to making high-quality beers, Maryland craft brewers like Flying Dog, Heavy Seas and Union Craft, Ruddy Duck, Baying Hound and Evolution create jobs and reinvest their profits back into their local economies,” said Senator Cardin, a member of the Senate Finance and Small Business committees. “The federal government needs to be investing in industries that invest in America and create real jobs here at home. Companies like Flying Dog are doing it right, they make a quality product, provide good jobs to Marylanders and have deep roots in the community. With more than 2,400 small and independent breweries currently operating in the US, now is the time to take meaningful action to help them and our economy grow.”
NA
Education policy has been in the news a lot lately—calls for universal pre-K, initiatives to boost classroom technology, and debates over student loan interest rates. However, at the core of all this attention is a universal fact that I know we all can support: all of our children, toddlers to teens and beyond, deserve a great education. Share this post if you agree!
The Supreme Court’s decision was a blow to equal access to the vote. I’m calling on Congress to immediately come together on a plan that would restore voter protections and ensure all Americans have equal protections when it comes to voting. In 2006, Congress reauthorized the Voting Rights Act in a nearly unanimous fashion. It’s time for Congress to come together in that same bipartisan spirit and fix this egregious ruling. Countless Americans fought and some died to secure the protections in the Voting Rights Act. We can’t just honor those courageous actions in words, we must also come together to make sure those protections are a staple of our laws.
Gettysburg was the site of one of the most defining battles in our nation’s history, so it is only fitting that the Senate honors the 150th anniversary of the battle. We owe a great debt to those who fought and died there to preserve our nation and in the pursuit of liberty for all Americans. I am glad Senator Toomey has joined me to commemorate this historic occasion. -  http://1.usa.gov/152sDQ1
Are you interested in an internship with Senator Donnelly? Positions are available for the fall in Senator Donnelly’s Washington, D.C. and Indiana offices. If you are interested in applying or want more information, please click here. The deadline for all applications is July 15th.
Share this good news with your friends. 9 year-old Carmel native Lydia Finkbeiner was selected as a “State Dinner” winner for The Healthy Lunchtime Challenge & Kids “State Dinner” contest. Lydia beat out over 1,300 entries from children ages 8-12 with her “Sneaky Chili Surprise” recipe. On July 9th, Lydia will join the other winners for a celebratory dinner at the The White House with Michelle Obama.
Excited to get to #Williston and see a lot of friends at the North Dakota American Legion convention tonight! #veterans
At Minot Air Force Base VA Health Clinic visiting with #healthcare providers who take care of our #veterans.
Listening to #Minot #veterans to understand how I can serve them better.
En route to #Minot to kick off discussions with #veterans across  #NorthDakota.
I had a great time talking with the barbers at Unique Reflections but told them my loyalty lies with my barber back in Richmond.
I always love stopping in Jimmy’s Tavern when I’m in Herndon. While I was there I met Flor, a DREAMer who was able to get hired there once she got authorization to work. Jimmy said she’s one of his best employees he’s had.
Kicked off my small business tour in Herndon today with a tour of Green Lizard Cycling, where I got some helpful biking tips and a cool pair of shades.
Passing comprehensive immigration reform in the Senate was a momentous occasion of bipartisan compromise and productivity, but for me, it was also an exciting and personally meaningful day.  Somehow, I agreed to have staff members follow me around with cameras yesterday. Check out the video to see what it was like behind the scenes.
This week I cosponsored the Keep Student Loans Affordable Act, legislation that would prevent federal Stafford student loan rates from doubling on July 1. This would impact 105,000 Maryland students, adding approximately $1,000 to the cost of each loan.  When it comes to higher education, I believe in choice and opportunity.  In order for America to out-build and out-innovate the rest of the world, we first must out-educate – which means we have to make investments in federal grants and student loans.    For the first time in our country's history, we have a student loan debt crisis that exceeds credit card debt. That’s why I will support any proposal that puts the best interest of students first and will not create additional burdens. We must do all that we can to protect students from devastatingly high interest rates.    College is a part of the American dream – it shouldn't be a part of the American financial nightmare.   #DontDoubleMyRate
Lunch today in New Britain w Polish-American leaders. Talked immigration reform & got some great new ideas for Senate Poland Caucus
Most people assume that the US government already considers American jobs when we hand over our defense dollars to contractors. Well, they don't, but they should. 
 
 That’s why I introduced the American Jobs Matter Act.
 
 My bill will require the Department of Defense, for the first time, to measure domestic employment as a factor in rewarding a contract. That way, American firms will be rewarded for creating and retaining American jobs. It’s a simple proposal, but a necessary one. LIKE and SHARE if you agree.
I've been here almost 3 years & I've watched us kick the can down the road so far to where my toe is hurting. It’s time Congress stops playing politics with our students’ future and passes a commonsense long-term fix, the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act.   VIDEO: http://bit.ly/13dHAQ5
Three years ago, we lost a pillar of the United States Senate, a beloved West Virginia statesman and an unwavering guardian of the Constitution – Senator Robert C. Byrd.   His contributions and dedication to our state and this great nation inspired us all and his influence stretched far beyond West Virginia’s borders.  I am incredibly honored to carry on his legacy in the Senate, and although his shoes can never be filled, I will continuously strive to follow in his footsteps and be guided by his wisdom, passion and strength.   I encourage all West Virginians today to take a moment and remember Senator Byrd and his unparalleled 63 years of public service.  http://1.usa.gov/128GIqQ
Did you miss Experience New Hampshire (and the food that went with it) or just want to relive the experience? Then this video is for you! Check it out!
Please share and protect student loan rates from doubling!   Watch and share Senator Shaheen's floor speech if you too think Congress should prevent a student loan rate hike and keep higher education affordable.
Montana's breathtaking landscapes should be enjoyed by our future generations.  That's why I'm calling on the U.S. Forest Service to make sure Montana's treasured places are preserved. http://1.usa.gov/11SOQf9
I had a great time at Fidelity's Serve Rhode Island Day at Slater Junior High, where over 300 volunteers joined students and teachers to fix up the school and improve the learning environment for next year's students. Thank you to all of today's volunteers for your hard work!
I'm so glad to have U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren with me in the fight to protect American families from sky-high interest rates. I hope you'll join us in this fight: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/Marquette
We should be investing in young people who are trying to build a future - not making money off the backs of our students and turning them into profit centers.   I'm supporting Senator Jack Reed's and Senator Kay Hagan's bill to keep interest rates at 3.4 percent for one year. This will give Congress time to work on a long-term solution.  We must act now to stop interest rates from doubling, and to support our students who are working hard to get an education.
