I am heartbroken by this brutal attack on innocent children while they were studying at school. My thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims of this attack and their families.  These heinous acts of terror have no place in the civilized world. I stand with Malala Yousafzai and all those fighting for the rights of children to get an education free from violence and fear.
I’m pleased to have voted to confirm Vivek Murthy as Surgeon General—he’s extraordinarily qualified & epitomizes professional excellence. -RB
I join the international community in condemning the terrorist attack on The #ArmyPublic School in #Peshawar, #Pakistan. The targeting of innocents, in this case students and teachers, is beyond reprehensible. My thoughts and prayers go out to the grieving families, as well as the people of Pakistan as they recover from this tragedy.    The United States and its allies will remain steadfast in our resistance to those who resort to this type of heinous attack. We reaffirm our commitment to countering violent extremism and bringing those responsible to justice.
Follow U.S. Helsinki Commission on Twitter at @HelsinkiComm.
There are still a few hours left to enroll in a health care plan that will have you covered come January 1st. Check out the options at Choose Health Delaware for a plan that works for you.
Hanukkah is a time when families in Pennsylvania and across America come together to celebrate freedom, faith and miracles. As the holiday begins this evening, I want to wish everyone celebrating Hanukkah this year a joyful holiday filled with light, health and happiness.
Wishing everyone in Illinois and across the country a wonderful holiday season!   http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=b23bf69e-4074-4c3a-9eb8-30c5aa7b7d69
I am glad the Senate could pass a bipartisan bill I have worked on for the last six years on: The Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act. This bill will ensure that funding for access to clean water and basic sanitation gets to those who need it the most. Next stop for it: the President's desk. #Water4World
Happy #Hanukkah to all Hoosiers, Americans, and everyone around the world who begin celebrating the #FestivalofLights tonight. -Joe
In 2011, Scott Stump, a native of Clay Township in St. Joseph County and a Lance Corporal in the Marines during the Gulf War, co-founded the National Desert Storm War Memorial Association to advocate and raise money for an Operation Desert Storm and Desert Shield memorial. Last Friday, legislation sponsored by Senators Donnelly and Boozman (R-AR) authorizing the construction of a national memorial passed the Senate and now heads to the President to be signed into law.
Congratulations to The University of New Mexico - UNM and New Mexico State University women’s swim teams for placing at this weekend’s UNLV Swim Invitational.
Hope North Dakota businesses and organizations in growing and high-tech industries apply for new federal grants to help expand and support apprenticeship programs across the state. Apprenticeships are great opportunities for folks to get hands on experience working in high-skilled and high-demand jobs. They also help us continue to build a workforce with the knowledge and experience to fill roles in technology and emerging fields. The deadline to submit applications is April 30, 2015. Click below for more information. http://1.usa.gov/1uVl33P
Glad Congress came together to pass bipartisan legislation to reform an outdated and inadequate U.S. Customs and Border Protection pay system. This legislation will support agents as they protect our borders by making sure they are better equipped to do their jobs and receive appropriate compensation for their hard work. In addition, it corrects the current system that is complicated, difficult to manage, and has led to inefficiency and waste. We rely on border patrol agents - like the folks at U.S. Customs and Border Protection Grand Forks Sector I visited earlier this year - to keep our families and communities safe, and it’s important to make sure they have the resources and certainty to do their job. As a member of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee, I was proud to cosponsor and vote for this bill.
Haul out the holly and put up the tree! Mount Rogers Tree Farm in Grayson County has brought Christmas cheer to our office.
I'm calling on the Senate to act to confirm Carolyn Colvin to serve as Commissioner of the Social Security Administration. For the people who need Social Security, and for those who want to make sure the benefits are administered competently, we need a permanent Commissioner. Last year, over 40 million people came to a Social Security field office and 47 million people called its 1-800 number. We need a Social Security Commissioner and we need a competent, qualified person to lead it. And that person is Carolyn Colvin.
In the coming weeks, I strongly encourage all West Virginians to honor the great achievements of our small businesses and entrepreneurs by nominating them for the SBA's 2015 Small Business Week awards and for the West Virginia’s District Office awards. This is a great opportunity to say ‘thank you’ to our Mountain State businesses for all they do to make our state a great place to live and do business.  For information on how to submit your nominations, please visit my website.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b85ce11a-c3ba-4da3-b78b-a05df7c76c6e
An estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every day, a shocking and unacceptable reality. Our courageous veterans have risked their lives defending this country, and in return, we owe these heroes the absolute best treatment when they return home. That is why it is so important that we pass the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Bill to improve mental health care and suicide prevention resources for veterans and servicemembers.  I was proud to stand up for our veterans and the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Bill today on MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Reports:
Suicide is very personal with me. My good father committed suicide. I know firsthand of the heartbreak caused by the needless, preventable death of a loved one.  That's why, today, I urged the Senate to pass the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act. 22 veterans commit suicide every day. We need to stop this devastating trend.  Sadly, the legislation was blocked by a single Republican Senator.
"A happy first night of Hanukkah to everyone celebrating in New Hampshire and around the world!"  -JS
This year Senator Shaheen nominated 41 New Hampshire students to the United States Service Academies. The nominees will next be considered by the U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Merchant Marine Academy and West Point.  “These young men and women are already making valuable contributions to their communities and have demonstrated an incredible commitment to service. It’s an honor to recognize and nominate each of them.”  -JS  A full list of this year’s nominees is available here:
We need something to break the gridlock in Washington – maybe a little Montana safflower can do it.  I gave each Senator a bottle of homegrown safflower oil this holiday season.  If we need more, I know Montana’s producers are up to it.  #safflowerpower http://1.usa.gov/1wDJc2Z
I am pleased to announce that through year-end legislation that passed Congress last week, the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program, or PILT, is fully-funded for next year.  This is a relief for New Mexico's counties, because the PILT program helps provide New Mexicans in almost every county with critical services like police, fire protection, and education -- to the tune of more than $37 million this year alone. Our local governments rely on PILT to create jobs and pay for basic services, and that's why I pushed so hard to secure these critical payments for next year. PILT is part of the federal government's obligation to local communities with large amounts of federal land.  And as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue making the case in Congress for why we must fund it well into the future.
“Let us vow to lead the world from darkness to light, from falsehood to truth, and from wrong to right.”  Happy Hanukkah to all of those celebrating the miracle of light.
