Tammy calls for a bipartisan focus on building a strong middle class. Check out her speech at the Wisconsin Democratic Party Convention.
Today, the Senate Armed Services Committee debated how best to reduce sexual assault in our military. Watch my remarks in the committee below:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVUGCztriyk
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Susan Collins (R-ME) today introduced bipartisan legislation (S. 1141) that would create jobs across the nation by encouraging the restoration of historic buildings into useful economic properties. Projects that receive Historic Tax Credits under the Creating American Prosperity Through Preservation (CAPP) Act help revitalize communities, encourage private investment and create safer, more secure neighborhoods. The bill is being cosponsored by Senators Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and Debbie Stabenow (D-MI).     “We can create jobs by preserving the abundant history that reaches to every corner of Maryland and across America. Extending the Historic Tax Credit will save many historically significant buildings and homes in Maryland and elsewhere while creating quality jobs, stimulating long-term economic development and bringing life to forgotten neighborhoods,” said Senator Cardin, a member of the Senate Finance Committee.  “The Historic Tax Credit has created some 2 million jobs nationwide since 1978 and by expanding the program to include energy-efficient improvements and additional restoration projects, we can create thousands of jobs renovating historic properties and working in many of the restored, modernized buildings.”     Congress created historic preservation tax benefits in 1976 to encourage voluntary, private-sector investment in preserving historic buildings. The program is jointly managed by the National Park Service (NPS) and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), in partnership with State Historic Preservation Offices.     “The National Trust for Historic Preservation supports the CAPP Act, for its power to protect our heritage, fuel our economy and create jobs,” said Stephanie Meeks, president of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. “This bipartisan legislation will make the historic tax credit easier to use, and expand its impact on Main Street and in economically disadvantaged areas.  We urge the Senate to follow the leadership of Senators Cardin and Collins by cosponsoring this important bill.”        Since their creation, these tax incentives have leveraged more than $106 billion of private-sector investment ($5 of private investment for every $1 of HTC) to preserve and rehabilitate more than 38,000 historic properties, including the creation of over 185,000 housing units, of which more than 75,000 are low and moderate-income units.  According to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, since 2002, more than 75 percent of all HTC projects have been located in neighborhoods with family incomes below 80 percent of the area media. Historic preservation programs have created more than 2.35 million jobs nationwide since 1978 (57,783 new jobs in FY12).      In Maryland, $234 million in federal historic tax credits have leveraged $1.4 billion in rehabilitation expenditures on 370 projects since 2001. They have created more than 19,000 jobs from 2001 to 2012. Some of these projects include:       American Brewery   Building in Baltimore, a $24 million development that received $5.3 million in HTC and New Market Tax Credit.  The rehabilitation of the building created 157 construction jobs and 175 permanent jobs.    CASA de Maryland   Hyattsville, which received $1.4 million in federal HTC equity (total funding cost of $10 million).   Tidewater Inn , located in Easton, received nearly $1.2 million in federal HTC funding to leverage renovations totaling more than $5.9 million.  Francis Scott Key Hotel Frederick was refurbished as affordable housing utilizing $1.67 million in federal HTC funds ($8.35 million total project cost)  ·         Klotz Throwing Company Mill in Cumberland, once the last silk mill remaining in the U.S., is being redeveloped as affordable housing with the help of $1.5 million in federal HTC funding. ($7.5 million total project cost)     The Creating American Prosperity Through Preservation (CAPP) Act (S. 1141) would:    ·         Help smaller projects by increasing the credit from 20 percent to 30 percent for projects with $5 million or less in Qualified Rehabilitation Expenditures.  The increase in the credit amount will aid the financing for rehabilitation of small buildings and buildings in rural areas.  ·         Index the date for the 10 percent credit for non-historic older buildings so more are eligible for rehabilitation.  ·         Support the 30 states that have enacted state historic tax credits by encouraging the development of historic properties. The bill would eliminate federal taxation of the proceeds of state credits transferred through partnerships and sold as state tax certificates.  ·         Promote energy-efficiency and operating cost-savings by encouraging developers to use energy-efficient technology.  ·         Facilitate the reuse of older buildings by nonprofits, creating projects with high community benefit, while also stimulating on-going job and economic growth in low-income, underserved areas.
Erika Andiola was brought to the United States from Mexico when she was eleven years old. She grew up in Arizona and enrolled in Arizona State University. Although the state of Arizona later passed a law prohibiting public universities from giving financial aid or in-state tuition to undocumented students, Erika persevered and graduated with honors from Arizona State with a bachelor’s degree in psychology, which she dreams of using one day become a school counselor. Erika is now serving her community as the District Outreach Director for U.S. Representative Krysten Sinema.
Carlos was brought to the United States when he was only 9 years old. After graduating ninth in his class at Cholla High School in Tucson, Arizona, Carlos enrolled at the University of Arizona. Even though he had never owned a computer, Carlos loved math and eventually graduated with a bachelors of science in Computer Engineering with minors in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, and Spanish. Although Carlos received job officers from top tech companies, he couldn't work because he was undocumented. Instead, he enrolled in a master’s program at the University of Arizona, where he completed the two and a half year program in just a year and a half, and was nominated for the University of Arizona Graduate School Centennial Award, given to the school’s top graduate student. Thanks to Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), Carlos will finally be able to work in his field. In a letter Carlos wrote to Senator Durbin, he said, “It was the best news [of] my life. Finally I would be able to work as a software engineer or own [a] business and create jobs.”
Pierre was brought to the United States by his parents from Peru when he was a child. He didn’t speak a word of English when he first arrived in Carrollton, Texas, but he worked hard and quickly became fluent. He excelled academically and was accepted into the Academy of Biomedical Professions in his high school. In 2006, Pierre was accepted at Harvard College, where he is now working on his second degree. In addition to working on his masters degree, Pierre is active in his community. Pierre works at Renewal House, a domestic violence shelter in Boston, and founded the Restorative Justice Collaborative to help victims of violence in the Boston community. Because of his volunteer work, Pierre was awarded the Thomas E. Upham Scholarship, which is given to an outstanding Harvard graduate student committed to public service, and just a few weeks ago, he was honored with Harvard’s Presidential Public Service Fellowship.
Today I introduced the Veterans Benefits Claims Faster Filing Act, a cost-neutral, bipartisan bill to help reduce the veterans disability claims backlog. Too many veterans are waiting far too long to receive the benefits they have earned. This commonsense approach will help accelerate the claims process while reducing the number of backlog claims. We have an obligation to keep America’s promise to our veterans by providing them, without delay, the best care and benefits our country has to offer. Answering the call of duty runs deep throughout New Mexico’s history, and I will continue to fight for our veterans just as they have heroically fought for us.
Questioning Indian Health Service's Dr. Roubideaux about the major healthcare challenges in Indian Country.
On Twitter? The U.S. Department of Labor and many VSOs are coming together today for a Vets Jobs Chat. Join at 12:30 p.m. CT to learn more about jobs for veterans.
Discussed poverty and hunger issues with North Dakotans working with Bread for the World
The Senate moved Tuesday to begin consideration of the bipartisan the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act, the comprehensive immigration reform bill.  Senator Patrick Leahy, who is managing the bill on the Senate floor, called on lawmakers to pass the measure and send it to the House for consideration.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bN7jOxhat1A&feature=youtu.be
Thanks to everyone who participated in my digital town hall about immigration reform. You had some great questions!
 
 If you missed the event, check out this video: http://bit.ly/11g1k02  
 
 And, because of your interest, I will continue answering questions about immigration reform using the hashtag #AskMenendez on Twitter, so if you missed this opportunity, I will try to provide an answer to your question when I can.
 ----
 Gracias a todos los que participaron en mi foro digital sobre la reforma migratoria. Tuvieron algunos grandes preguntas!
 
 Si te perdiste el evento, acá está el vídeo: http://bit.ly/11g1k02  
 
 Y, debido a el alto interés, voy a seguir respondiendo algunas preguntas sobre la reforma migratoria con el hashtag #AskMenendez en Twitter, así que si no tuviste la oportunidad de ver este evento, voy a tratar de responder tu pregunta en cuanto pueda.
Made my maiden voyage to the Pentagon today to speak with Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus about the importance of subs and Sub Base New London.
HELP Committee passed (22-0) my amendment to the education bill today to allow federal funds for Sandy Hook School project.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGOlk7jRExo
Today, the Senate Armed Services committee adopted historic reforms to address sexual assault in the military. Claire spoke to her fellow committee members about why these reforms are critical to combating this issue: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIScO1hf0Yk&feature=youtu.be
What "authorized investigation" gave the NSA the grounds for acquiring my cell phone data? Or any Verizon customer's data? We need answers.
NA
I proudly joined Senator Portman and members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame yesterday to urge support for our legislation honoring the Hall of Fame, the players, the history and the cultural impact of professional football. Please click the link to watch a video of Senator Manchin from the event: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJm0lDVk1qM
NA
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 8 - Greenbrier  Fact: Permanent home of the State Fair of West Virginia. http://statefairofwv.com/   Recommendation: Bike the 80 miles of the scenic Greenbrier River Trail with your friends and family. http://wordpress.greenbrierrivertrail.com/
Earlier today, I asked my Republican colleagues to begin voting on amendments to the immigration bill. They objected to doing so because they no longer want to adhere to the rules that THEY requested. I will continue to work towards a compromise. We have come too far - and the country needs this legislation too badly - to lose sight of our purpose now.
The Senate Armed Services Committee today approved a proposal introduced by Senator Shaheen to change the way the Pentagon designates sexual assault prevention officers, adding a new level of accountability and scrutiny in efforts to end sexual abuse in our military. Click below to read more about Senator Shaheen's continued leadership on this critical issue.
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Click below to watch Senator Shaheen on msnbc this morning highlighting the need for reform in the way that the military handles sexual assault to end the unacceptable pattern of abuse in the United States Armed Forces.
Will be appearing on Jansing & Co. on msnbc at 10:45 a.m. this morning to discuss my continued efforts to wipe out the unacceptable pattern of sexual abuse in our military. Don't forget to tune in.
Law-abiding Americans have the right to know why the government wants to see their private electronic records.  That’s why I am sponsoring a bill requiring the Attorney General to shine more light the process.  LIKE this post and read my bill if you agree: http://1.usa.gov/14WxvCx
Today during our Appropriations Committee hearing, I asked the Director of the NSA about privacy oversight and called for an independent investigation on the NSA phone records and data collection. Click here to watch the video and like and share if you agree – it's difficult to have a transparent debate about secret programs, approved by a secret court issuing secret court orders based on secret interpretations of law.
Today, Vice President Al Gore delivered the keynote address at my 4th Annual Rhode Island Energy and Environmental Leaders Day. We were thrilled to have him there and I wanted to share the video of his speech with you below.  And if you agree that it's time to move forward on climate, please SHARE this speech with others.
