The addition of 12 names to the #Magnitsky sanctions list is yet another step toward holding human rights violators accountable when their home countries refuse to act. These sanctions are not sanctions against #Russia, but against individuals who have committed serious human rights violations against #Russians. Most significantly, these additions come as a direct result of an unprecedented Congressional trigger we built into the Magnitsky Act. I am fully committed to continuing the collaboration between Congress and the #Obama Administration in implementing the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, working with administration officials like Tom Malinowski—our new Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor—to advance human rights in Russia and around the world.
I introduced a resolution with Senator Mark Kirk recognizing May as Jewish American Heritage Month and honoring Holocaust survivors for their contributions to the United States of America.  #Jewish American Heritage month is about celebrating the innumerable contributions people of the Jewish faith have been making in Maryland and across America since before our founding. I am thankful for the many Jewish American trailblazers, especially those who have overcome the greatest of obstacles, to strengthen our country through civic engagement and enrich our American culture. My hope is that this resolution will help inspire the next generation of innovators and leaders.
Congrats to all the Goucher College grads. Humbled to share this momentous day with you and your families.
Going to the beach this weekend? Have a safe, fun time.
“The mere possibility that bureaucratic misconduct would lead to neglect and suffering of our veterans is appalling, so I am writing today to ensure that no such behavior is occurring at VA facilities in Delaware."
Watch Senator Donnelly on Morning Joe talk about the importance of supporting our veterans.    “They stood up for us to protect our nation, and now we have to stand up for them.”-Joe  
My resolution with Senator Isakson recognizing May as Cancer Research Month passed yesterday. Thank you to all who devote so much time to cancer research—many lives have been saved.
Elated that the Senate passed the California drought relief bill! We must take action to address California's historic drought.
U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell addressing a joyous crowd!
Stage is set! #OMDP4NM #MonumentsMatter
Over 100 years ago, a New Mexican named Edgar Lee Hewett drafted a piece of legislation that would become known as the Antiquities Act.  Many know that Republican Congressman John F. Lacey sponsored and passed this legislation and that President Teddy Roosevelt signed it and put it to great effect.  Too few remember that it was Hewett, working tirelessly to protect places like Bandalier and Chaco Canyon, who crafted the words. This week, over 100 years later, Hewett's work was the law used to protect the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument.  New Mexico has always led the nation in conservation policy.  Names like Leopold, Anderson and Udall are synonymous with that history.  The name Hewett should be among them.  After all his law has been used in New Mexico not just to protect the Organs, but also White Sands, Carlsbad Caverns, Bandalier, Chaco Canyon, and El Morro.  Places that drive our economy and preserve our history and Culture.
Don’t miss WDAY’s eye-opening stories about the increase of human trafficking that’s happening right here in North Dakota. I have been working to bring awareness to this issue in our state, country and around the world and am committed to helping North Dakotans work together to prevent this from happening. 
Listen to Eric Marts weekly radio program from Fargo, Heroes of the Heartland, on WDAY AM 970 on Saturday at 7:00 am CT. His show focuses on improving veterans lives, and he and I will chat this week about the crucial role of our military and veterans. Eric is a true hero who was blinded by a roadside bomb when he was deployed in Iraq, and he’s now continuing to serve by helping veterans and their families. Click below to tune in.
On May 20 and June 12, tribally owned small businesses have the opportunity to attend free trainings from the U.S. Small Business Administration to learn about federal grants, loans or support that are available to them, and how they can apply. Click here to RSVP: http://1.usa.gov/1onIdOR
So glad New Jersey’s surviving “Monuments Man” Harry Ettlinger is receiving a Congressional Gold Medal!   He’s a hero, a German Jew whose family fled to the U.S. to escape the Nazis & one of the last living Monuments Men – who saved the world’s cultural artifacts from being destroyed & lost forever during WW2.  Thank you for your service, Harry; I’m proud to call you a friend!
In honor of National Military Appreciation Month, I want to thank U.S. Marine Sgt. Aaron Alonso from Morris County, NJ.  He was critically injured while deployed in Afghanistan this February & I’ve been praying for his full & speedy recovery.  Do you have a hero you want to thank this month?
I am proud to have worked on the bipartisan defense package and included ten provisions that will help our veterans find jobs, protect our troops and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our defense industry. To see the provisions I included to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, please click here:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b658cae9-17ad-428a-8a16-5301143e08c3
Today, I was honored to stand with four living Fighter Aces at the presidential bill signing of my bill, the American Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act.
This is a great summer opportunity for our wonderful military families. All summer long, Blue Star Museums will offer free admission to military members and their families at more than 2,000 museums across the country. For more information and for a full list of participating museums in West Virginia, please visit the Blue Star Museums website:
I am very pleased that my bill honoring America's elite fighter pilots will be signed into law this afternoon. The American Fighter Aces are among the best of the best. It is a privilege to publicly thank some of our country’s most courageous and devoted aviators for their heroic military service by celebrating the Fighter Ace tradition and awarding them with the Congressional Gold Medal.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=cba1393b-6cd1-470a-9e91-d87099e73a86
Great to see the Scituate Middle School Spartans in our nation’s capital!
So many things to get done, too few Republicans willing to do it.
Glad to help summer set sail at Nichols Great Kill Marina:
To the #Stonybrook class of 2014: Go For It!
They did it! Congrats to the @PaceUniversity Class of 2014! #Pacegrad
Senator Shaheen this afternoon awarded service medals to two New Hampshire veterans, Maurice Lavigne and Raymond Lakeman, for their service during World War II and the Korean War. Both earned the medals during their service in the Navy.    More here: http://1.usa.gov/1gpU5zC
This morning Senator Shaheen College hosted a roundtable discussion on college affordability and the impact investments in higher education have on New Hampshire’s economy at Dyn in Manchester. Shaheen met with New Hampshire business and education leaders to discuss how her proposals to refinance student loans, help students better manage their debt, and lower costs for higher education will help create a stronger workforce in the future and boost the economy as a whole. Dyn has partnered with Southern New Hampshire University to help provide low cost degrees to students.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1jLrkhv
FSA offices provide farmers and ranchers valuable information to run their businesses. With the new Farm Bill coming on line, it’s important they stay open. That’s why I’m making sure that producers – who already travel long distances to see their FSA agent – don’t have to travel even further to get the information they need. http://1.usa.gov/1nBJdh4
This is a great day for New Mexico -- thanks to so many New Mexicans who spoke up and worked hard, we have a new national monument - the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks. This will put the unique and spectacular desert landscapes of Doña Ana County on recreation maps around the world, creating jobs and bringing in millions of dollars in revenue. I was so proud to join Senator Bingaman, Senator Heinrich, Secretary Jewell -- and especially the many people of Doña Ana County who love Las Cruces's beautiful backdrop and wanted it protected for generations to come. Today we celebrate them.
Check out my proposals to make college more affordable for Virginians and to help borrowers repay their student loans. No one should go broke just because they want to go to college. #studentdebt 1.usa.gov/SsaI30
We need to do more to reduce the risk of heart disease among women. Women should have access to preventative heart screenings wherever they receive primary care. Read the resolution I introduced with Senators Murkowski, Mikulski, and Collins that passed the Senate this week, http://1.usa.gov/1k1EXTQ, and learn more about the importance of heart screenings for women here: http://www.sistertosister.org/screenus #screenus
