Today is Del State Unversity's graduation day. Congrats to the 2013 grads!
This evening, Joe spoke to students participating in the SeaPerch Challenge about the importance of STEM education.
Very special day in ND. Welcomed home the North Dakota National Guard's 818th Engineering Company and honored those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
Connecticut Commuter Service Plan in effect for Monday, May 20, and until further notice on the New Haven Rail Line  The Connecticut Department of Transportation and Metro-North Railroad today released the following information regarding service on the New Haven commuter rail line, in the wake of the May 17 derailment in Bridgeport. The service plan requires buses in some locations.  Customers should understand that their commuting times will be considerably longer in many cases.  The following is effective Monday, May 20, and until further notice.  AM Peak to Grand Central  ·         A shuttle train operating approximately every 20 minutes between New Haven and Bridgeport Station ·         Between Bridgeport and Stamford Stations, two bus shuttles will operate:  o   Express service from Bridgeport to Stamford Station with regular train connections to Grand Central Terminal o   Local service between Bridgeport, Fairfield Metro, Fairfield and Westport Stations (no bus service from Green’s Farms and Southport Stations)  ·         Limited train service from Westport Station ·         Regular train service from South Norwalk Station to Grand Central Terminal  AM & PM Reverse Peak/Off-Peak Service  ·         For the AM/PM Peak: Limited train service between Grand Central Terminal and Westport Station ·         For the Off-Peak: Regular train service between Grand Central Terminal and Westport Station ·         Loop bus service with connections between Bridgeport, Fairfield, Fairfield Metro and Westport Stations (no bus service from Green’s Farms and Southport Stations) ·         Express buses between Bridgeport and South Norwalk ·         A train shuttle operating approximately every 20 minutes between Bridgeport and New Haven Stations  PM Peak to New Haven  ·         Regular train service from Grand Central Terminal to South Norwalk Station ·         Express bus service from South Norwalk to Bridgeport Station ·         Limited train service from Grand Central Terminal to Westport Station ·         Local bus shuttle service between Westport, Fairfield, Fairfield Metro and Bridgeport Stations (no bus service from Green’s Farms and Southport Stations) ·         A train shuttle operating approximately every 20 minutes between Bridgeport and New Haven Stations  Regular train service will operate on the New Canaan, Danbury and Waterbury Branches.  For train schedule information, please refer to the schedules page at www.mta.info or the Connecticut DOT website, www.ct.gov/dot.  Customers should know before they go:  ·         Travel times will be significantly longer than normal and trains will be significantly crowded ·         Metro-North representatives will be at major New Haven Line (NHL) stations to assist customers ·         NHL Customers east of South Norwalk are encouraged to seek alternative ways to get to and from work or stagger their work schedule ·         If possible, customers are advised to use the Harlem Line as an alternative.  NHL rail tickets will be cross-honored ·         ConnDOT will cross-honor NHL pre-paid rail tickets (as a temporary Bus/Rail uniticket) on I-95 Corridor Bus Service ·         Metro-North will cross-honor Amtrak tickets ·       Sign up for free email or text message service updates at www.mta.info ·       Visit our website for periodic service updates ·       Listen to the radio and television news: During any emergency, this is the fastest way to find out how train service is affected. We will continuously provide information to the media ·        Call our Travel Information Center by dialing 511 and saying "Metro-North." The Travel Information Center will be fully staffed, and there will also be a taped message describing our current service conditions. Please be aware that the volume of calls at the Travel Information Center will dramatically increase during an emergency, and you may experience delays getting through.  At your station, listen closely for public address announcements.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 32 - Pocahontas County  Fact: Hillsboro is known as Pearl S. Buck's birthplace  Recommendation: Visit the Cass Scenic Railroad State Park
Watching yesterday's commencement ceremony at Rhode Island College (RIC), I couldn't help but think of the RIC students I've heard from over the years. For some of them, a Pell Grant was the difference between attending college or not. That's exactly the difference Rhode Island's very own Claiborne Pell was hoping for when he successfully established the Pell Grant -- and it's the reason I will continue to defend Pell Grants in the U.S. Senate.
