Senate Republicans showed with their votes yesterday that they would rather protect the Koch brothers’ interest than that of the American people. The flood of dark money into politics gives the super-wealthy a more influential role in our elections than everyday Americans—it’s unconscionable and unacceptable. Share this if you’re one of the 90% of Americans who oppose the decision to keep dark money in politics.
This story of domestic violence, told by survivor Kate Ranta, is jarring. It’s hard to watch. Unfortunately, stories like these are all too common. Kate's story is precisely why we need common sense gun legislation now—too many women are shot to death by their husband or intimate partner each year. Watch and share her story: http://youtu.be/8MXVabWFisY 
Sam Calagione, president and founder of Dogfish Head Beer, has a great piece on Delawareonline about the advantages Delaware has offered his booming business. I'm proud of the business climate we’ve worked to foster and thankful for entrepreneurs like Sam who are seizing the day! 
Congratulations to INVISTA and the Seaford community on the 75th Anniversary of the World’s First Nylon Plant!  Workers at the Seaford plant invented and manufactured materials that literally changed the world.  I’m looking forward to new growth and innovation at the site.
Great story on the revitalization of Allentown.
Senator Coons' op-ed today on Huffington Post: Five Ways to Strengthen the U.S. Response to Ebola. If you're a medical professional, please go to http://www.usaid.gov/ebola/volunteers to find out how you can help save lives.
NA
Twenty years ago tomorrow, the Violence Against Women Act was signed into law. “For two decades, this legislation has helped safeguard a woman’s fundamental right to be safe from violence and, in those terrible instances when violence was perpetrated, to seek justice.” –Joe #VAWA20
Joe crisscrossed Indiana throughout August and early September while the Senate was not in session, traveling to 38 counties and holding 75 events and meetings. Check out this interactive graphic mapping Joe’s work on behalf of Hoosiers.
Always an honor to greet Hoosier veterans in D.C. visiting the WWII Memorial with the Honor Flight Network. Great group came out Wednesday.
WATCH: Last November, Mintonye Elementary School in Lafayette was forced to shut its doors after a tornado caused severe damage to the school property. Among the damage was much of the school’s library book collection. Thanks to the support of many local organizations, the school was able to replenish the library collection in time for its reopening this year. Joe’s office was pleased to help with that effort through the Library of Congress’ Surplus Books Program. #JustAskJoe
For 20 years, AmeriCorps has enabled Americans to serve their country, make a difference and enrich their lives.
One of the earliest things I learned in my education as an engineer is that science doesn't really care if you believe in it or not. #actonclimate
Honored to join so many AmeriCorps members and fellow alums at The White House today with my wife, Julie, to celebrate the 20th Anniversary of the program.
Today I launched my new Strong and Safe Communities Initiative to help address some of the emerging challenges facing the state by bringing a greater focus to keeping North Dakota’s communities strong and families safe in their homes. North Dakota has reaped major rewards from the state’s energy boom – we have the lowest unemployment rate in the nation, 27,000 open jobs, and innovation and development happening every day. But with the unprecedented population and economic growth also comes new law enforcement, infrastructure, and safety challenges. Through my new Strong and Safe Communities Initiative, I’m working to reinforce a goal that I have long talked about and that the derailment last December of a train carrying crude oil near Casselton reminded many of us: North Dakota’s top priority must be to keep our families safe and protected in their homes and communities. Everything else comes second. This initiative also includes a new task force of North Dakota community leaders from across the state, which aims to raise awareness about these new challenges and provide a tangible plan to address them moving forward.http://1.usa.gov/1xV6Fiz
Tomorrow is the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act. #1is2many
Congratulations & job well done to AmeriCorps for 20 years of service to communities in need across America!   I fought to create AmeriCorps 20 years ago to capture the fervor and passion of a social movement bringing people to arms wielding change. Since then, more than 775,000 AmeriCorps members have one billion service hours in neighborhoods across America – neighbor helping neighbor.   This week I introduced a bipartisan resolution with Senator Thad Cochran recognizing the service of AmeriCorps. I also joined with leaders, members and alumni to thank them for their service and look ahead to the next 20 years.  
NA
Congratulations to Dr. Ed Gettemeier (right) of Hardin Middle School in St. Charles, and Dr. Jason Snodgrass (left) of Fort Osage High School for being named 2014 Missouri Middle School and High School Principals of the Year. Join us in thanking them for their continued work towards making Missouri's schools the best they can be.
FACT: Total student loan debt now surpasses both credit card & auto loan debt. #HigherEdNotDebt
It was an honor to join Governor Tomblin this morning at Coopers Rock State Forest for the dedication of the beautiful Cheat Canyon. Thank you to all those who have been tirelessly working to protect this truly special place in our state.
I am incredibly pleased with the hard work that helped bring Tesla to Nevada. I appreciated the partnership of Governor Brian Sandoval through this process. I commend the leadership of Assembly Speaker Marilyn Kirkpatrick and Senate Majority Leader Mo Denis as they ensured this crossed the finish line. The next phase of Nevada's innovative energy future has begun.
Great to meet with the New Hampshire Housing Finance Authority and their Homeownership Fellows earlier this week to discuss making housing more affordable for New Hampshire families.
Today I’m proud to celebrate the 20th Anniversary of AmeriCorps and the good work they’ve done in Montana.  Since 1994, nearly 9,000 members have served more than 8 million hours and improved over 15,000 miles of trail, weatherized more than 10,000 Montana homes and done so much more to benefit our communities. #AmeriCorps20
The public won't be fooled by Republicans' false claims about Citizens United and free speech. If Republicans want to defend the rights of corporations and billionaires to spend unlimited, secret money in campaigns, then they should say so. But they do not get a free pass to defend unlimited, secret political spending by sidestepping the question and pretending that Democrats are attacking our nation's First Amendment. Read more in my op-ed here: huff.to/1uLNnWZ
Ahead of the Peoples’ Climate March in NYC on September 21, I delivered a speech Tuesday on the Senate floor calling out my Republican colleagues for ignoring a vast majority of scientists and people who understand the global threat posed by climate change. 1.usa.gov/1lTsKbO
In her new book “Off the Sidelines,” which was released this week, my colleague Senator Kirsten Gillibrand described Arlington as a “soulless suburb,” which triggered a bit of a backlash!   I asked Virginia’s own CustomInk to produce an “Arlington: We Got Soul” t-shirt, which we presented to Senator Gillibrand yesterday.  All is forgiven Senator Gillibrand! Thanks for being a class act.
