Fifty years ago today, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Wilderness Act and the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act into law.   Since then, Congress has protected more than 100 million acres of America’s wilderness, and I am proud to have authored legislation creating more than 1 million acres of protected wilderness in California. Our state’s natural treasures, like the Big Sur coast, must be preserved for current and future generations to enjoy.
“Today marks the 50th Anniversary of the Wilderness Act, landmark legislation that has protected more than a 100 million acres of pristine  American Wilderness for future generations to enjoy.  Early momentum for the Wilderness Act came from conservationists working to protect Colorado’s own Echo Park in Dinosaur National Monument.  Here’s a few pictures from last year’s family trip down the Green River to Echo Park.  Today’s anniversary serves as a reminder to cherish all of the Colorado’s Wilderness areas, and to keep working to pass bipartisan conservation bills like the Hermosa Creek Watershed Protection Act.”
On 50th anniversary of the #WildernessAct we remember that protecting our wilderness means protecting part of our national identity. #Wilderness50 #WeAreTheWild The Wilderness Society
Biking the Great Allegheny Passage with Western #Maryland elected officials and trail stakeholders. We're discussing issues impacting the region and enjoying the scenic views. Great alternative to a cramped meeting room.
Today, CVS followed through on their promise, and set out to prove what many of us already believe: that looking out for the long-term well-being of their customers isn’t just good for public health, it is also good business. I applaud their decision to halt all tobacco sales and thank them for their leadership on this issue. #OneGoodReason
Greeting Hoosier veterans and other attendees of our screening with @WFYI of "Coming Back with Wes Moore" about servicemembers' transition home.
For this #DonnellyDay at Allison Transmission, Secretary Perez, Congressman André Carson and Joe helped assemble transmissions with the assistance of many Hoosier workers.
Enjoyed lunch with Secretary Tom Perez, Congressman André Carson and the tireless workers at the 465-65 interchange on the south side of Indianapolis.
Great visit to @PikeHighSchool this morning with Secretary Perez and Congressman André Carson to learn about their innovative programs and meet their outstanding students.
Today, we mark the 50th Anniversary of the Wilderness Act.  New Mexico is, on many levels, the birthplace of American conservation policy. It was Aldo Leopold and the people of southwest New Mexico who imagined a new model of land conservation in advocating for making the Gila the nation's first wilderness area in 1924, and it was Senator Clinton P. Anderson and Interior Secretary Stewart Udall who helped shepherd to passage the Wilderness Act in 1964.  But this 50th Anniversary is not just about the past, the future of Wilderness Areas across New Mexico will depend on the continued collaborative efforts of our communities, elected officials, and organizations who work to protect our treasured natural landscapes. I look forward to continuing New Mexico’s wilderness legacy that preserves our public lands, wildlife, and wilderness for future generations to enjoy.  
The Daily Times reports on my trip to San Juan County. 
Today, I had the opportunity to sign the wall at the USAID project site in Tangier that helps vulnerable Moroccan youth develop skills for future employment.
Looking forward to my town hall mtg in Norwich tonight. 530pm at Norwich City Hall. Lots to talk about. Feel free to stop by.
Do you know anyone who has exhausted their unemployment benefits but is still looking for a job?  The Workplace has a program that is proven to get people back on their feet.  Thanks to Governor Malloy, the Workplace is able to expand their program statewide.  I have seen first-hand how long-term unemployment can devastate families and communities and I am so proud that Connecticut and The Workplace are on the front lines in the fight to get people back to work.  This program has even been recognized by President Obama as a program that can help those who have been out of work for months or even years. I hope you'll visit http://www.platformtoemployment.com/ to learn about the program.
It's Food Safety Month -- a reminder it’s time for our chemical laws to catch up with science: http://1.usa.gov/1pJYHEt
I strongly encourage all veterans, as well as Active, Reserve, National Guard, military families, and supporters to attend the Veterans Employment Forum I will be hosting on September 10th in Washington, D.C. This is an incredible opportunity. Please visit my website for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1pcLCNG
Today I had the opportunity to show U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel around Rhode Island.  We met with several business leaders, service members, suppliers, and folks throughout the defense industry who make important contributions to our national security.    The Ocean State is home to top-notch military installations like the Naval War College and Naval Undersea Warfare Center along with our Guard and Reserve units.  And our workers and manufacturers help make everything from next generation submarines and high-tech naval systems, to clothing and equipment used to identify threats and keep our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines safe from harm.    Rhode Island is poised to play an even greater role in our national defense.  And I agree with Secretary Hagel that one of the keys to accelerating that growth is innovation.  At SENEDIA’s Defense Innovation Days summit, Secretary Hagel noted that “private sector expertise helps give our military its technological edge and helps drive the economic strength that undergirds our national power.”  I am committed to strengthening partnerships between the U.S. military and Rhode Island’s private sector and academic community to develop new maritime equipment and cybersecurity technology to enhance national security.    I will also work hard to continue advancing the Rhode Island-based production of high-tech submarines that will help strengthen our nation’s defense capabilities.  These jobs and the workers who perform them make a real difference, for Rhode Island and the nation.
As summer comes to an end in Manlius, there's solace in knowing #SnoTop will still be open in the fall #NYtownoftheday
This morning Senator Shaheen joined officials from New Hampshire and Maine in showcasing the vital contributions of the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard to the New England economy and national security during a visit by Vice President Joe Biden.  “The shipyard is an indispensable national security asset and economic engine that’s home to some of the most talented and dedicated workers in the country,” Shaheen said. “I think after today's visit, it was quite evident that there is exceptional work being done at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and that we should do everything we can to protect our shipyard and its workers."  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1BbGZMw  
Must read article in the Montana Kaimin about my Forest Jobs and Recreation Act:   http://www.montanakaimin.com/news/article_f5eb2e5e-32f1-11e4-8535-001a4bcf6878.html
Fifty years ago today, President Lyndon Baines Johnson signed the Wilderness Act into law.  This broadly bipartisan legislation passed in the Senate by a vote of 73 to 12, and had only one dissenter in the House.  This Act has protected some of New Mexico's -- and our nation's -- most spectacular landscapes, boosting tourism for our state and providing jobs to gateway communities.  It also ensures that our future generations will continue to experience them the same way we do.  So celebrate by getting out and enjoying some of our state's most spectacular lands, like the Bisti/De-Na-Zin Wilderness in northwest New Mexico.
Tonight, I’ll be hosting a free community dinner at Cumberland High School on Mendon Road and I’d love for you to join me. Listening to you is one of the most important and meaningful things I get to do as your Senator, so I hope to see you there! RSVP: 1.usa.gov/WbWPat
