While in Forest County, Tammy toured the Nicolet Hardwoods sawmill in Laona to learn what needs to be done so that the forests can meet their harvest goals. “When I hear how a well-vetted plan about how the forests in this area would be managed over the years – when I see that they haven’t even gotten close to achieving those goals, when they’ve been put together with a lot of stakeholder involvement, that’s disappointing and I want to know why.”   Read more about Tammy’s visit to Forest County here: 
Today, I hosted my eighth roundtable on campus sexual assault. Members of the college administration, faculty, residential assistants, and students at Mitchell College joined with me, as well as with members of local law enforcement and Connecticut Sexual Assault Crisis Services (CONNSACS). We discussed the programing Mitchell College has implemented to prevent sexual assault, what the future plans are for addressing this issue, and programs the College has initiated in response to the Campus Sexual Assault legislation.  The Campus Accountability and Safety Act is a bipartisan effort to create better accountability standards for schools and offer greater protections for sexual assault survivors. Sign and share to show your support: http://j.mp/1u0TjLN
Very creative NPR piece imagining how they would have covered the burning of the Capitol 200 years ago during the #Warof1812. This is a great story for anyone interested in the Star-Spangled 200 and #MD history. 
Congratulations to our winner, Anna from Lewisburg!
Hold your heads high Taney Youth Baseball Association, all of Pennsylvania is proud of you! #LLWS #LLWS2014
Joe toured Alcoa in Newburgh and met with Alcoa  officials and plant employees. Alcoa is one of the largest producers of aluminum in the world and the largest employer in Warrick County. #OhioRiverTour
Joe visited and toured a plant at Waupaca Foundry in Tell City yesterday on his #OhioRiverTour.
Kicking off Day 3 of his #OhioRiverTour this morning, Joe listened to an update from the Spencer County Chamber of Commerce and Lincolnland Economic Corporation and talked about his priorities on behalf of Hoosiers.
North Dakota will receive more than $250,000 in federal funds to improve training programs designed to encourage kids to make healthy food choices. Making sure students have healthy meals at school and that they’re making smarter food decisions can help them better focus in class and improve academic performance. That is why I introduced a bill  in April to help schools purchase the equipment they need to provide healthier meals and to train personnel on the new nutritional standards. 
North Dakota juniors and seniors interested in public service and government can now apply for the U.S. Senate Youth Program. The program is a week-long intensive look at the relationship between the three branches of the federal government and the responsibilities of elected and appointed officials. It’s a great opportunity for North Dakota’s brightest students to experience the democratic process firsthand. Student delegates receive an all-expenses paid trip to Washington, D.C. by The Hearst Foundations and a $5,000 college scholarship. The deadline is October 17, 2014. 
Thanks to the men & women of Fort Meade's 48th Combat Support Hospital providing medical care to Alleghany County communities in need. I'm proud to recognize these service members getting hands-on training while providing free preventive medical care, dental treatment and veterinary services to those who need it most.
"Inspiring and emotional. Listening and learning from our future. Thanks to 100 Black Men for hosting." -Claire #Ferguson   Learn more about 100 Black Men of Metropolitan St. Louis, here: http://100blackmenstl.com
Enjoyed the Oregon Coast Economic Summit Wednesday & this view of Fern Ridge Lake on my way home.
The brutal beheading of Mr. James Foley highlights the role of foreigners, even Americans, participating with ISIS. Any Americans involved with ISIS will be dealt with as traitors.
We are very glad that Fitbit is doing exactly the right thing. They will not sell personal information to third parties and will share it only when legally necessary or when the customer has opted-in – this is the best possible solution. Fitbit customers can breathe a sigh of relief and should be aware that this company cares very much about their privacy and their security. We are urging all other fitness tracking companies to follow Fitbit’s lead and adopt similar privacy policies.
NA
In honor of the National Park Service's 98th birthday, parks in New Mexico will have free admission on Monday! Whether you're a visitor a resident, I hope you'll take advantage of this opportunity to see up close New Mexico's special history, culture and landscapes - like our famous Chaco Culture National Historical Park.  Last year, visitors to New Mexico's national parks brought in more than $83 million in economic benefit to our state, supporting thousands of jobs and small businesses. Like this post and share it with others to support them, then make plans to get outside and visit! http://www.nps.gov/state/nm/index.htm?program=all
My office hosted a good discussion in Questa today about critical resources and information workers and community leaders can use as they rebuild the economy. Questa has depended on Chevron's molybdenum mine for generations, and its closure is a blow to workers, their families, and the whole region. I’m pleased that the Economic Development Administration has acted quickly to provide Taos County with $75,000 in funding for economic development planning, but this is just one step. I asked my office to host today's resource roundtable to help ensure federal agencies are meeting and talking directly with the community about what resources are available and how Questa can take advantage of them. This includes worker retraining, employment assistance and economic development planning — as well as ways we can enhance tourism, particularly on our nearby public lands. I'll continue to do everything I can for as long as it takes to help the community rebuild.
Rep. Ann-Margaret Ferrante and Mayor Carolyn Kirk joined me in Gloucester today for office hours to answer people's questions and hear their concerns. I also got to congratulate Gloucester veteran Michael Linquata for receiving the French Legion of Honor yesterday for his heroic service during World War II. Thanks to the Gloucester House for hosting us today - the chowder was delicious!
Today I joined Congressman John Tierney, Mayor Donna Holaday, and State Senator Kathleen O'Connor Ives in Newburyport to learn about the great services provided by Opportunity Works, a nonprofit organization that provides employment, day habilitation, and recreational programs for people with disabilities on the North Shore and in the Merrimack Valley.
