The National Park Service celebrates its 98th birthday today. I was thrilled that the First State National Monument joined the National Park System last year and I plan to keep pushing for Delaware to gain its first national park so we can celebrate it along with the hundreds of beautiful national parks around the country!
There's still time to get to the veterans job fair at the Middletown Fire Hall. It's open until 2 pm.
If you're a veteran and looking for work, come out to the Middletown Memorial Fire Hall from 10 am - 2 pm for a Job Fair for veterans, hosted by Delaware's Congressional Delegation.
NA
Congrats to New Mexico Tech for being recognized as one of the top 10 places to get an engineering degree in the nation. Engineering and STEM degrees have never been more important. 
Learned a lot from today's tour of Omega Protein in Reedville - company supports 230 workers and has $88 million economic impact on the region each year.
Good luck on a successful year to students, teachers and families across Maryland headed back to school this week! Education is a critical rung on America's opportunity ladder - preparing students today for successful futures tomorrow.
Ballooning student loan debt is a huge burden on recent graduates & our entire economy -- inaction is unacceptable.
Thank you to the wonderful Buckhannon and Philippi residents and the Tucker County High School students for speaking with me today and sharing your ideas on how to move our state and our nation forward. I truly look forward to my next visit.
If you're in East Fishkill, head to Fishkill Farms for fruit, veggies & of course, cider donuts.
NA
I accept the ice bucket challenge. This one is for Kreg Palko, a brave Rhode Islander battling ALS whose story I got to share with my Senate colleagues a few weeks ago on the 75th anniversary of Lou Gehrig's farewell to baseball (click here to read my speech: 1.usa.gov/1lrWcWn). Thanks to Congressman David Cicilline and Congressman Jim Langevin for the assist!
