Small businesses are the engine of our #economy. Check out Tammy's plan to create jobs and move #WI forward.
On any given day in Washington, 11 judges — all designated by Chief Justice John Roberts, without congressional advice or consent — convene to hear surveillance applications from the United States government.  Read more about how we must reform FISA courts in my POLITICO Op-Ed: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/07/fisa-court-process-must-be-unveiled-94127.html#ixzz2Z9XQgfdH
***Cardin Statement on Zimmerman Acquittal***  "The fact that an unarmed #Trayvon Martin was killed by George #Zimmerman was never in dispute. How and why this young man was shot to death, was left for a jury to determine. Many of us may not agree with the verdict, but we should abide by the wishes of Trayvon's grieving parents and not allow our emotions to cause greater hurt and sadness for any family," said Senator Cardin.  "Now that the criminal trial has concluded, I urge the Civil Rights Division of the Department of #Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to finalize their investigations into whether young Trayvon Martin's civil rights were violated as a victim of racial profiling, as well as how local law enforcement handled this case and whether it was treated any differently because Trayvon Martin was African American. I have called for putting an end to racial profiling by law enforcement, a wasteful practice that singles out individuals based on race, ethnic origin, or religious. The African-American community and other minority communities have a right to be outraged by the fact that their young men continue to be singled out for suspicion and viewed as dangerous – even walking home from a convenience store. Profiling based on race, ethnicity, national origin or religion - by law enforcement or anyone - has no place in America. We should stop making excuses and have a frank, conversation in our neighborhoods and at a national level, about how to break down the racial barriers that continue to erode trust within and between communities." ###
Today I visited the PSEG Milford Solar Farm to find out how this 15-megawatt, 80-acre facility is providing clean power to Delaware.
The Small BREW Act is about helping smaller breweries create jobs and compete. This part of our tax code hasn’t been updated since 1976 yet the market has changed drastically. Smaller breweries like Allentown Brew Works are attracting customers with innovative, local products and it’s critical that our tax system supports that effort. As a member of the Senate Finance Committee I’m going to work to get this bill on the Senate floor this year. http://1.usa.gov/12AN9XC
There’s a new scholarship opportunity from the Indiana Department of Homeland Security for Hoosier students currently volunteering for a public safety organization. If you are entering school or are a full-time college student and you volunteer at a local fire department, law enforcement agency, emergency management agency (EMA) or emergency medical services (EMS), you could be eligible for this $2,000 scholarship. To find out more information, please click here.
Here’s a pic from the weekend with American Birding Association President Jeffrey Gordon looking for the rare rufous-necked wood-rail at the Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge. The bird was sighted at the refuge last week and is drawing visitors from around the country. Did you know that outdoor recreation generates 68,000 direct New Mexico jobs? Now is a great time to visit the refuge!
Toured the NRAO Very Large Array over the weekend. Located just west of Socorro, the VLA is one of the world's premier astronomical radio observatories. It was great to meet with the staff and hear about the incredible work they do.
Good Grand Forks Herald story on new U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs initiative to improve transportation options for rural #veterans.
NA
Please read my friend Byron Dorgan's NY Times op-ed on our broken promises in #IndianCountry. We all can do better.
Remember to submit your questions for my 1st Twitter & Facebook town hall! Post on Facebook & tweet using #AskTim to send me your questions & follow the conversation on Wednesday at noon.
I’m proud to introduce the AGE-IN Act today! It would address the challenges faced by young adults with autism as they "age out" of  public education and other support services. Read more about it here: http://bit.ly/15gs973
 
 I’m standing with Kerry Magro in the photo below. He’s a young adult with autism who’s an advocate for Autism Speaks. I thank him for speaking today in support of this bill that will help so many!
Great piece by National Journal on the bipartisan Senate women. I was joined by my friends and colleagues Senators Susan Collins, Barbara Boxer, Patty Murray and Tammy Baldwin to talk about our fight for families, the economy and our country. With the Senate women, we’ve got our lipstick on, our shoulders squared & we’re ready to get the job done!
AmeriCorps and service program volunteers are unflagging, unflinching, and determined to make a difference. These volunteers tutor teens, start neighborhood crime watches, turn vacant lots into neighborhoods, and help communities clean up and rebuild after natural disasters. I fought to create AmeriCorps, I fought to strengthen AmeriCorps, and I will continue to fight for AmeriCorps and other vital service programs. Their efforts are needed now more than ever.
If you live near Shelton and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff tomorrow during mobile office hours, 9am-12pm at Shelton City Hall. And if you live near Fairfield, my casework staff will be at the Fairfield Public Library tomorrow from 1pm-4pm. All are welcome to stop by.
In Brooklyn, CT -- one of the most scenic town centers in the state
At Export Expo & Forum, connecting CT business leaders with trade reps from Europe so we can export more and grow CT jobs
Senator Manchin met with the families of the MomsRising organization during their trip to Capitol Hill.
I've been hearing from many Americans in the past few days. I've heard two major complaints with the Senate: 1) too much gridlock and 2) not getting enough done. I want to hear from you -- please let me know what you think.
I have said for a long time: the Senate is a graveyard for good ideas, and the shovel is unprecedented abuse of filibusters. We need a government that does its job, but that’s not possible without leadership. Today I returned to Washington to make the case that we should end gridlock and fix the Senate. When the people elect a president, they give him or her the right to select a team to govern. I do not believe the Constitution gives me the right to block a perfectly qualified nominee, no matter who is in the White House. I say that today and I will say it if I am in the minority tomorrow. President Obama has nominated highly qualified nominees to serve in executive agencies, and he deserves to have an up or down vote on them. Too many months and years have gone by, and too much work is left undone. The American people deserve better than this, and so do the people of New Mexico. Watch my video and share it if you agree – it's time we end gridlock in Washington.
I was glad to join the Rhode Island Department of Transportation for the groundbreaking of the Providence Viaduct reconstruction project. The RI Congressional delegation and I worked to secure federal TIGER funds for this very important project, which will make I-95 safer for Rhode Island drivers and create many needed construction jobs for RI workers.
The American people elected President Obama to a second term, but the Senate minority continues to deny President Obama the strong cabinet he needs to get our economy back on track. Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree that it’s time to end the gridlock.
The American people do not deserve endless re-litigation of stale political disputes and the uncertainty caused by repeated filibusters of qualified and proven nominees. It’s time for the Senate to confirm Rich Cordray so the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau can continue fighting for hardworking families. Watch my speech on the Senate floor today.
