It is extremely disappointing to see the House of Representatives move forward with a bill that does not include critical resources Colorado needs to recover and protect its water supply – resources that were included in the Senate bill that received bipartisan support. It’s frustrating when you hear people talk about how they’re fiscally responsible while they are creating a set of conditions that are inevitably going to cost more money and much more pain. If we don’t deal with these problems now, we could be facing as much as five times the cost to deal with future flooding and damage.
NA
Next stop: Indianapolis where Joe will visit workers at Allison Transmission, tour the facility, and listen to their ideas on how to keep hard-working Hoosiers on the job. #WorkforYou
Today, Joe started Day Two of his “I Work For You” tour at Jasper Transmissions in Jasper. “Share” this post with your friends and tell them they have a leader who will work for hard-working Hoosier families every day in Washington. #WorkforYou
FACT: 40% of gun sales in the United States—including assault weapons—occur without background checks.   It’s time to act and stop gun violence.
Had an op-ed published in the Washington Post about concrete steps we can take to reduce gun violence. http://articles.washingtonpost.com/2013-01-14/opinions/36343947_1_gun-violence-gun-ownership-brady-campaign
As a reminder, per Senator Leahy’s Facebook Comment Policy (available in full above), neither the Senator nor his staff directly respond to Facebook posts or messages.  To receive a response, please contact Senator Leahy through his Senate website: https://www.leahy.senate.gov/contact/
NA
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today on the passing of Myrtle McIntyre.   “During her years of service to the Granite State, Myrtle McIntyre served as a role model for the future generation of women leaders in New Hampshire. Her dedication to civic engagement instilled the ideals of public service in so many throughout our state. She will be greatly missed. My thoughts and prayers go out to the entire McIntyre family."
NA
Senator Shaheen will be speaking at UNH Manchester at 1:30 today about the new Pay As You Earn student loan repayment program. Our workforce must have the skills to compete in a global economy - and that means making sure students have access to an affordable education.
Meeting with the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribal Council
Joining Boy Scout Troop 7 from Billings at the Montana State Capitol
Rebuilding after Hurricane Sandy has been a challenge for many Rhode Island families and businesses. And while I continue to work on bipartisan recovery legislation, I’m glad to share the news that both FEMA and SBA have extended their disaster assistance deadlines until 2/13.
 
 To learn more about eligibility and how to apply, please use the this link:  http://1.usa.gov/RXXyIp
 
 You can also use the SHARE button to spread the news to friends and family.
Happy 70th birthday to the Pentagon - largest office building in NoVA and Virginia... and USA! http://1.usa.gov/10x1ncG
