It’s time for marriage equality for all our families.
Congratulations to Marquette University’s men’s basketball team for advancing to the Sweet 16 in the NCAA Tournament - Go Blue and Gold!
Celebrating Delaware's National Monument in Old New Castle with Vice President Biden, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Mayor Don Reese. It's the nation's 400th monument!
On March 26, 2013, Sen. Carper joined Vice President Joe Biden, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and New Castle Mayor Don Reese to celebrate President Obama's designation of the First State National Monument.
This afternoon, Joe met with Noblesville Mayor John Ditslear and other central Indiana business leaders to discuss the best ways to get more Hoosiers back to work. This visit wraps up the first half of Joe’s Hoosier JobsRoots tour discussing job creation on the grassroots level.
In Fort Wayne, Joe continued his “Hoosier JobsRoots” tour when he met with community leaders at Fort Wayne’s Chamber of Commerce.
I am proud to support marriage equality and equal rights as the Supreme Court hears challenges to Proposition 8 and the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act #UnitedforMarriage   
I fully support marriage equality and strengthening American families. Gay and lesbian couples who have solidified their life-long commitment to each other deserve the same rights and legal protections as straight married couples.
NA
Meeting with the Smart Grid team at Steffes Corporation
On KLTC radio talking: FarmBill, energy, and serving western North Dakota w/my new Dickinson office.
Proud to join Calumet and Montana-Dakota Utilities Co. at the Dakota Prairie Refinery groundbreaking.
I wouldn't expect Mayor Bloomberg to follow my advice on how to run NYC, and I don’t plan to follow his on what is best for North Dakotans.
Dickinson friends: I am holding an open house at my newly opened office today. Would love to see you. 4:15 pm MT.
NA
Proud to support marriage equality as SCOTUS hears challenges to Prop 8 & discriminatory DOMA. Let’s all stand #UnitedforMarriage
NA
We do social media better than Senator Jon Tester's folks, right? Help Branson win the 2013 SoMe Tourism Symposium. Vote below.
Claire’s loyal to Mizzou when it comes to college sports, but she’s working statewide on improving college education. She sat down last week with Truman State University President Tony Paino to talk about how the university continues to be successful in attracting more students each year.
An article from today's WV MetroNews - West Virginia is so proud of you, Kayla Slone. Never give up on your dreams.    http://bit.ly/11HcjVf
Senator Shaheen teamed up with New England Patriots Vince Wilfork for Diabetes Alert Day at Gilbert H. Hood Middle School in Derry. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/11IlalT
“I’m glad the Supreme Court is hearing the challenges to Prop. 8 and DOMA because legalized discrimination is absolutely unacceptable and goes against the tenets of our country.  LGBT Americans and families deserve equal treatment and I’m hopeful the high court will strike down these discriminatory laws. Equality and freedom are at the core of who we are as Americans, and that means freedom for all of us, not just some of us." - JS
Does Branson, Missouri deserve a national conference more than Missoula?  The answer is no.  Vote below to help boost Montana’s economy and bring a national social media gathering to Missoula.
Meeting with veterans at the Roswell Public Library.
Agriculture Roundtable in Roswell.
Today, mayors from all over Rhode Island, members of the congressional delegation, law enforcement officials, and mothers who have lost loved ones to gun violence came together at a roundtable to discuss commonsense steps to make our communities safer. Thank you to everyone who shared their stories today and please know that I will continue to urge my colleagues in the Senate to act quickly to pass gun safety legislation, including a limit on high-capacity magazines.
Army PFC Alonzo Haynes’ brother contacted Senator Warner recently after learning that his late brother was eligible for medals he earned almost 70 years ago. On Friday, Lou Kadiri, director of Senator Warner’s Roanoke office, presented his family with Alonzo Haynes’ awards, as well as a flag that flew over the U.S. Capitol in his honor. "I am so honored to get these medals,” said Tollie Haynes. “I'll never forget him. This touches my heart. It means a great deal, just like part of him came back.”  (staff)
Chag sameach to all those celebrating Passover across the Commonwealth.
