Kimberly Walker-Daniels, from Sun Prairie, gives back to children in her community through a program at her local police department:   "We are not religious, but our family has its own way of celebrating all of the winter season holidays. We do this in part by supporting a very neat charity in our community, the Sun Prairie Police Department's "Shop With a Cop" program (coordinated by Officer Amy Bolling). This special program works with the teachers at the seven Sun Prairie elementary schools to select children who otherwise might not be able to shop for their families for Christmas. This year, thirteen children were selected to participate, and they spent a fun day with members of the SPPD having breakfast, shopping for, and then wrapping gifts for their families. According to the letter we received in yesterday's mail from Officer Bolling, 'Your support has touched thirteen special children and their families this Christmas ... You have helped make Christmas for the kids' families a little brighter this year.' Happy Solstice to all!"
Here, Vietnam Veteran Gary Plath from Wausau tells us how he gives back:  "Spending time with family, and throughout the year Kirsten and I donate $1200.00 to the Disabled American Veterans (DAV).  As a wounded veteran of the Vietnam disagreement it has been the right thing to do, caring for our returning brothers and sisters.    DAV Chapter 64, Wausau, WI"
Elizabeth Davy, from Oconomowoc, shared her family’s holiday tradition with us. Read it below:  "Every year we sponsor a child who may not have a Christmas through Waukesha County's Christmas Clearinghouse (CC).  Although I asked for younger children when my kids were young, I now ask for teens as the younger kids are usually chosen first.  We buy at least one fun gift and give a gift certificate so the teen can buy clothes they like.  I always write a holiday card for the family and enclose a $50 grocery gift card, too.  A little kindness goes a long way.  We have been through some challenging times, but there is always another that has more difficult challenges.  My kids have been involved in this for 15 years and I hope they will continue as they mature into adults. Community is what you put into it."
Here's our first story of how you all are giving back during the holidays. It was submitted by Tim Coburn, a volunteer for The Salvation Army, in Eau Claire:  "I ring the bell for The Salvation Army, this is my 12th year. I witness the magic of Christmas first hand, it's in the faces of all those who put money in that red kettle! One thing I never dreamed would happen is that I would be the benefactor of this charity work. I ring between 30-60 hours each holiday season & by the time hundreds of people have wished you Merry Christmas, how could you not catch the Christmas spirit?"
Glad that the members of #PussyRiot are no longer being held as political prisoners. Hopefully this is a sincere move by Russia, an honest embrace of the rule of law. As we mark the release of these political prisoners we remember all those still imprisoned worldwide.
"We can do extraordinary things if we work together. "
TODAY is the last day to sign-up to get health insurance through the marketplace on Jan. 1. Enroll at http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance
 
 Here's the fourth of five ACA benefits for the First State.
This is one, commonsense step we can take to help food banks in Northeastern Pennsylvania and around the country serve those in need. Food banks play a critical role in ensuring those facing food insecurity, especially children, can get a full meal. Further incentivizing businesses to donate to food banks will help these children and working families throughout the state.
Urged federal agencies to review in a timely manner state proposals to expand US-85 highway between Williston and Watford City from two lanes to four lanes. The project aims to make the road safer for travelers after expanded energy development in western North Dakota has led to increased traffic on the highway and heightened public safety concerns.
Thanks to Mary Cisowski, Alia Reese and others who have written to me with their concerns over cuts to military pensions.  While I’m pleased that Congress worked together to restore an orderly budget process, I share your concerns relating to the provision that would reduce the annual cost-of-living increase for pensions of military retirees under the age of 62.  The Senate Budget that we worked hard to pass in March did not contain this provision. To address these concerns, on December 17th, Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Senator Mark Warner, and I introduced S.1844, the Military Retirement Restoration Act, to replace the proposed $6 billion reduction to military pensions included in the Bipartisan Budget Act. Specifically, this legislation replaces the cuts to military retiree benefits with new legislation that could raise nearly $7 billion over ten years by closing a corporate tax loophole that companies use to avoid paying U.S. taxes. I’m hopeful we will be able to undo these pension changes before they take effect in 2015.  Additionally, Senator Levin, Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has indicated that the committee will review this change early next year.  As a member of this committee and the subcommittee on Personnel, I am pleased with Senator Levin’s decision and will keep your views in mind as we continue to review and debate any potential changes to military retirement benefits. We have a responsibility to support our servicemembers and our commitment to them does not end when they return home.   I hope all of you and your families have a safe and happy holiday.   Tim
NA
This past weekend, Claire was honored to give the commencement address at Southeast Missouri State University’s winter commencement telling students, "Don't underestimate the power of confidence. Take risks. Believe me, failure is a good thing. Reach out. Don't forget about old fashioned communication. And treasure your family."
VIDEO: Wishing all West Virginians, Americans and our brave service men and women a merry Christmas and a peaceful, prosperous New Year. http://bit.ly/19Fq2yz
What are your favorite holiday traditions? Here are some of mine: http://bit.ly/1bYb4Dq
We need to figure out exactly what happened at Target, and then we need to figure out ways to prevent it.
Happy holidays to our servicemen and women in New Mexico and around the world. To all those away from home this holiday season, thank you for your service and sacrifice.
NA
