For the last two decades, every Secretary of Defense has promised a zero tolerance policy for sexual assault. We need to reform our military justice system so that survivors of sexual assault will finally feel confident reporting these heinous crimes knowing that justice will be served.
Today I joined Senators Gillibrand, Paul, Cruz, Grassley, Blumenthal and Hirono in support of legislation to help end the epidemic of military sexual assault by taking decisions about prosecuting these crimes out of the chain of command.
The golden rule asks us to treat others the way we would like to be treated; I believe that this is true for how we treat our environment as well. Recycling is one small act we can all do every day to help preserve the health and beauty of our planet. Recycling also supports growth and innovation in our manufacturing industry and boosts our economy.  Read about how you can recycle more to positively impact Delaware communities: http://1.usa.gov/12GXHj8
The heat and humidity may be a great excuse for a day spent poolside or at the beach, but this weather can also be extremely dangerous for Delawareans who do not have access to a place to stay cool.  Check in with your elderly neighbors, keep your family hydrated, and read up on these resources to help yourself and others through this heat wave. Please share so your friends and family have access to this important information: http://www.ready.gov/heat
The State Fair is just two days away! Hope you'll stop by our booth in the Delaware Building and say hi!
Yesterday,  Joe met with Hoosier veteran Lucas Oppelt at the Yellow Ribbon Fund Golf Classic, an annual golf tournament played by local golfers and wounded veterans.  Money raised will benefit wounded veterans and their families. More information about Yellow Ribbon Fund can be found at www.yellowribbonfund.org.
From now until Labor Day, Blue Star Museums Initiative offers all active duty military personnel and their families free admission to many museums across the country, including here in Indiana. From the NCAA Hall of Champions to the Studebaker National Museum, there are many opportunities for a summer trip with the family. To see a full list of participating museums, please click on this link.
It was great meeting with members of the NDSU Extension Service Leadership Development program today.
Was just with top USDA officials to discuss the 4.4 million acres prevented from planting in #NorthDakota.
Please be aware of student loan debt-relief companies charging exorbitant fees to reconsolidate loans w/free government services.
Ask me a question now using #AskTim and I’ll answer as many as I can at noon tomorrow on Twitter & Facebook. Share with your friends!
POLL: What do you want to see happen in Congress before the end of the month?
 
 (A)	 A Solution on student loan interest rates
 (B)	 Executive nomination confirmations
 (C)	 Action to end the sequester
 (D)	 Movement on immigration reform
 
 COMMENT below with your answer. I’ll weigh in on the most popular answer tomorrow!
Today, Claire demanded answers from federal officials on a recent report finding that the U.S. government constructed a new 64,000-square-foot military headquarters worth $34 million in Afghanistan that sits empty and will likely be torn down. The headquarters was constructed against the recommendations of area commanders and Claire vowed “not to stop” until she gets to the bottom of this.
Today’s deal to confirm the President's nominees is a big win for the American people. My goal has always been to restore the norms and traditions of the Senate, in which filibusters are rare, and up or down votes are given to nearly every executive nomination.
Congratulations to Kinjal Gupta of Exeter, the Rhode Island national winner of the American Academy of Family Physicians’ Tar Wars 2013 poster contest and Rhode Island video contest winners Daniel Shimberg, Alex Marootian and Ben Thornton, who spoke about the dangers of tobacco use.
Your calls are being answered in the Senate. Congress should be a place where we engage in spirited debate and get things done, and we're finalizing an agreement that will be a major step towards achieving that goal. The President deserves votes on his nominees, and he's about to get that.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today after Governor Maggie Hassan formally requested disaster relief for Cheshire, Grafton and Sullivan counties. The federal relief would be used to help repair damage due to severe storms and flooding that lasted from June 26th through July 3rd.  “The severe storms and flooding caused widespread damage across New Hampshire and our communities need help to repair damages.  We should get this assistance to the affected communities without delay. Our citizens must know that we are standing with them during these difficult times.”
Staff members from Senator Shaheen's office will be holding Office Hours in Salem tomorrow, July 17, from 11:00 am to 12:00 pm. All area residents are encouraged to attend!
Today I'm pleased to say Senate Republicans agreed to end their filibusters of several presidential appointees for key positions protecting consumers and working families. The agreement is a very positive breakthrough, and their confirmation is good news for consumers and the health and well-being of families across the country. This deal should help solidify that 'obstruct and delay' can't be the norm in the Senate any more. I hope that this deal represents a new spirit in the Senate - that my colleagues will no longer unnecessarily hold up the business of the American people for partisan gain as has been the case with these nominees and so many other issues. The Senate's issues with obstruction go further than just presidential nominees and I'm putting my colleagues on notice: If the Senate goes back to ‘business as usual' and endless filibustering, I will be back fighting harder than before for reform.
“Our country needs an all of the above energy policy,” said Sen. Warner, “and we’ve seen remarkable progress as far as natural gas and even some traditional oil reserves, but putting all our eggs is one basket is not smart.”  (staff)
Glad to see strong, bipartisan vote to move forward on confirming a qualified nominee. #ConfirmCordray
