I am grateful to the 130,000+ Californians from Everytown for Gun Safety who wrote me to say #NotOneMore senseless gun death. I am so proud Governor Brown signed California’s version of the “Pause for Safety Act” into law to help prevent dangerous people from getting their hands on a gun. Now it’s time for Congress to follow California’s lead.
After years of urging, yesterday the FCC voted unanimously to eliminate the federal sports blackout rule, officially throwing a flag on the NFL’s anti-fan blackout policy.  The decision was a big win for sports fans everywhere, but we still need to pass the FANS Act to end sports blackouts once and for all. Read more, and share: http://j.mp/1udvJxr
Today marks the first day of Domestic Violence Awareness Month. This issue couldn’t be more important: one in four women is a victim of domestic violence. Two important groups in Connecticut working to provide support to victims are the CT Coalition Against Domestic Violence and Interval House CT Check them out, and share their work: http://intervalhousect.org & http://www.ctcadv.org/
Proud to join U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski in announcing a a $1,000,000 grant from the The United States Department of Justice Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention program to the Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation. These federal grant funds will help the foundation provide mentoring opportunities for at-risk youth in #Maryland and 13 other states.  Young people are our greatest natural resources, to invest in them is to invest in a stronger future for all Americans. When it comes to serving the needs of at-risk youth, government cannot do it alone, nor can the private sector. The partnership between the federal government and CRSF is a fine example of public-private partnerships improving the lives of the most vulnerable among us. As a United States Senator and an Orioles Fan, I am thrilled to have such a far-reaching nonprofit headquartered in Baltimore.  CRSF will use these funds to support their Badges for Baseball program, which uses #baseball- and #softball-themed programs to help build character and teach critical life lessons to underserved youth residing in America’s most distressed communities.
The people who have taken to the streets of #HongKong are doing the right thing to protect their homeland and the integrity of its #democracy. I strongly support their right to peacefully demonstrate in support of basic civil and #humanrights. I urge all parties to ensure these protests remain peaceful and to work together through constructive dialogue to reach a positive way forward.  I am deeply concerned by the National People’s #Congress Standing Committee’s decision to prohibit the people of Hong Kong from freely choosing their next Chief Executive.  #Beijing has a responsibility to exercise restraint and to adhere to its commitment to the Basic Law and avoid directly or indirectly provoking unrest. The events unfolding in Hong Kong remind us that we must work every day to protect democratic progress and defend against grave threats to civil society.
NA
I was thrilled to talk today to WTS about the vital role women play in planning and building our transportation system and about the role Congress needs to play in passing and funding a long-term transportation bill. Thanks for having me.
NA
Joe visited Aeon Imaging in Bloomington for his second #DonnellyDay stop today. While there he had the chance to learn about their advances in diabetes treatment technology and to help assemble a prototype retinal camera system.
Joe helped stripe a road with Indiana Sign and Barricade workers in Indianapolis today for his latest #DonnellyDay event. Donnelly Days are an ongoing series of events where Joe works alongside Hoosiers in a variety of jobs and professions in communities across Indiana.
Three former Forest Service chiefs explain in the Los Angeles Times why wildfires need to be funded like all other disasters. 
Today I spoke at the Lignite Energy Council’s Annual Meeting in Bismarck about the importance of creating a viable path forward for coal. In North Dakota, coal provides 80 percent of the electricity and supports more than 13,000 jobs. That is why I introduced a bill that would support a realistic path forward for coal by investing in advanced clean coal technologies to sustain coal-fired power well into the future. http://1.usa.gov/1xCRPfw
Read more on how I pushed for $5 million in federal funds for a training facility in Pueblo, CO that can help North Dakota first responders prepare for hazardous incidents on the rails, like the derailment of a crude oil train near Casselton last December. The funds will allow the facility to train 1,700 more first responders nationwide – 680 of which are expected to be trained specifically on the transport of crude oil by rail. This is important investment to make sure our first responders have the training they need to keep our families and communities safe, and I hope more North Dakota first responders take advantage of it. 
Today I launched a new video to help encourage motivated North Dakotans to apply for internships in my North Dakota and Washington, D.C. offices by giving them a firsthand look at the unique experience of interning in my offices and hearing stories from past interns. Interning is an incredible opportunity to learn not only about public policy, but to see government in action and I hope more students and recent graduates to apply to join my team. Check it out below. Also, happy to announce eight talented and hardworking interns that are joining my offices this fall. http://1.usa.gov/1wY0ANQ
Today I wrote to the Bureau of Indian Affairs recommending it adopt greater flexibility in its recognition process to account for extraordinary circumstances like the barriers Virginia Indian tribes have encountered on the path toward federal recognition. Virginia’s Indian tribes contributed to the successful founding of our country and continue to help define our national identity. Their members have attended our schools, worked next to us, and served in every American war since the Revolution, all while maintaining a unique identity. Virginia’s tribes have gone without federal recognition not because they lack a historic relationship with the United States, but, as John Collier wrote in 1943, ‘as a matter largely of historical accident.’ The tribes’ unique circumstances should not disqualify them from the recognition they deserve.”
Today, I released a report entitled "Not Made In U.S.A: Buy American Act Waivers and Connecticut Manufacturing Jobs". The report shows that the U.S. Department of Defense has spent over $163 billion on foreign products since 2007 instead of investing billions of dollars in America's manufacturing economy. Too many talented, hardworking manufacturers in Connecticut are out of work because the federal government isn’t doing enough to prioritize American jobs when making purchases.   This is a simple concept: the United States government should give preference to American manufacturers when it purchases goods with taxpayer dollars. But right now that’s not happening. The Department of Defense needs to step it up and put American workers first whenever possible.  http://www.americanmanufacturing.org/blog/entry/report-dod-has-buy-america-waivers-piling-up
It has been quite a week for Kansas City sports. In fact, President Obama summed it up best when he said, "Clearly something is going on in Kansas City."   Congratulations again to Sporting KC on their much-deserved championship! 
Our veterans have stood up for us, and we must stand up for them. No one who has fought for our country overseas should return home to sleep on the streets or in a homeless shelter. It’s great news that Oregon will have more resources to ensure that our vets and their families receive the support they deserve as they transition back to civilian life.
For those bright young men and women in West Virginia who feel a calling to serve and who are serious about duty, honor, commitment and our country—I strongly urge you to apply for a Service Academy Nomination. The deadline is October 31.   Please find the application as well as the Service Academy Nomination Checklist on my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/service-academy-nominations
Wearing pink today to help mark the start of Breast Cancer Awareness Month. #ThinkPink
The EPA must step in to curb pollution from Battaglia Demolition and improve the health and quality of life of #Buffalo's Seneca-Babcock neighborhood residents.
Montana’s minimum wage will increase to $8.05/hr in January.  The minimum wage hasn’t kept up with inflation for decades, and this step keeps Montana ahead of the federal government once again and helps working families.
Visiting the Blackstone LaunchPad at MSU today to check on progress.  I helped bring the program to Montana last year to help young Montanans grow as entrepreneurs and start small businesses, and the results so far are promising!
In the wake of April’s derailment in Lynchburg, Tim Kaine and I have called for improvements to the transport of crude oil so that Virginians are protected from future disastrous accidents. Yesterday, we joined hundreds of stakeholders in responding to request for public comment on new rules for crude-by-rail, highlighting areas to better ensure safety. http://1.usa.gov/ZsCfVI   
