So happy to see more than 700,000 have new affordable health care in California. Nationwide more than 3 million. This means so much to our families.
Unfortunately due to the poor weather conditions, today's constituent coffee scheduled for 8:30 AM in my Washington, DC office has been cancelled. Check back here for more updates on the new date and time in the coming weeks.
NA
Congratulations to Hoosier Olympian Nick Goepper, a native of Lawrenceburg who got his start skiing at Perfect North Slopes, for winning a bronze medal in Sochi this morning.
Due to inclement weather, Senator Donnelly’s D.C. office is closed today. If you need assistance, please call our Indianapolis office at 317-226-5555.
Working full time at the current minimum wage leaves too many New Mexico families struggling to make ends meet -- this is especially true for women, who make up a disproportionate share of minimum wage workers today. Our economy and our workforce are stronger when we reward an honest day's work with fair wages. We must be unwavering in our commitment to restore the basic bargain on which this country was built, that if you work hard and play the rules you can get ahead. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.
North Dakota students who are pursuing a post-secondary degree in engineering, science, processing plant technology, geology, technical skills or other careers related to the oil and gas industry are eligible for the North Dakota Petroleum Council's 2014 Al Golden Scholarships. The oil and gas industries are important for North Dakota, and this is a great opportunity for our students to pave the way for North Dakota’s energy development. Find more information below.
Register today for the Small Business Innovations Summit – which I’m co-hosting -- that will be held on March 19 at the Hilton Garden Inn in Fargo. Innovators, leaders and entrepreneurs will come together to share policy opportunities and solutions, and best practices for running a small business in our region. I hope all of North Dakota's great small businesses will take advantage of the opportunity to share their ideas. Click here to register: https://www.regonline.com/builder/site/Default.aspx?EventID=1275193
Don’t forget to check out my Facebook page tonight at 6:00 pm CT to ask me your question about energy and North Dakota. I will answer as many North Dakotans’ questions as possible about energy related topics.
10 inches of snow. No problem for my team.
While you’re snowed in today, check out my first Buzzfeed article for 14 reasons Virginia is for Lovers - just in time for Valentine's Day. 
This week I was honored to meet World War II veterans & Virginians John Cheban, Arthur Ordel and Robert Sales. I'm humbled by their service.
This is great: http://ow.ly/3hhJBu but still not giving up on getting US dairy products into Russia.
My legislative director snowshoed to work to help us keep the office open today. Talk about #snowday
Winter storms have cancelled blood drives across NY. Consider donating to your local blood bank or the #RedCross #tbt
Washington, D.C. may be covered in snow, but my office is open and taking calls from Montanans.
I've introduced a bill to address a major problem facing New Mexico families: lack of access to primary health care. My bill would encourage more nurses and doctors to live and work in rural areas and on Tribal lands, provide incentives for medical school graduates from rural communities to return home to work, and attract medical professionals from other states as well.  For generations, community doctors in New Mexico have treated entire families - delivering babies and healing everything from chicken pox to heart disease. These doctors help hold communities together, but now our state is facing a serious shortage of primary care providers in every county but Los Alamos.  Read more about my bill on my website at http://1.usa.gov/1bmUArW , watch this clip by KOB and share if you agree - no matter where you live in New Mexico, you should have access to quality, affordable health care.
I hope the GOP will look at these numbers and realize that the health care law is making a difference for millions of Americans, and that it's time to stop re-hashing old arguments over a law that is now settled.
