Ben will be on Crossfire with Tim Scott, Van Jones and Newt Gingrich. Tune in, 630PM EST on CNN. #MDPolitics
Ben was joined by U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski in calling on U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen #Sebelius to immediately expand and publicize alternate methods for eligible Americans to enroll in health plans.  "As proponents of universal health care coverage and supporters of the Affordable Care Act, we appreciate your ongoing focused efforts to implement the law.   As the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ work to repair the healthcare.gov website continues, we urge you to ensure that uninsured Americans are able to enroll in health plans through all available means.  "   Read more:
To put #GettysburgAddress into different context, it was ~10 tweets-ish? Modern metric of how brief & moving it was/ is. Awesome power of words
Earlier this year, my Senate colleagues and I passed bipartisan, common-sense, comprehensive immigration reform that would help our economic and national security.  Unfortunately the House Republican leadership has refused to bring up immigration reform legislation for a vote this year. I’m standing with thousands of Delawareans and millions of Americans urging the House Republicans to reconsider and allow this critical legislation to move forward.
Only two more days until we select a winner! Click 'like' on your favorite photo to cast your vote! 
“This was irresponsible and shameful—Congress creating problems for our economy instead of solving them--so I thought it was inappropriate for me to take my paycheck for this time.”
With photos from the White House: Joe Congratulates Lugar on Receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom
This week, Senator Joe Donnelly joined the Autism Caucus, a group dedicated to increasing awareness of autism, learning current and future research autism initiatives, and discussing autism-related policy issues.
Earlier today on Capitol Hill, the soldiers who served as “Code Talkers” during World War II were honored with the Congressional Gold Medal for their duty at conveying confidential information through their native languages. The Pueblo of Acoma and Pueblo of Laguna were two of the 33 tribes to be recognized with the award. The tradition of answering the call of duty runs deep in New Mexico's history. I was honored to attend the ceremony today and extremely proud of all of our Native veterans for their service to our country.
Members of the Standing Rock Tribe
Members of the Sisseton-Wahpeton Tribe
NA
Introduced a common-sense fix to help more severely disabled veterans access housing assistance. The bill, which I introduced with Republican Senator Dean Heller, would make sure certain benefits disabled veterans receive don’t disqualify them for much-needed housing support. It’s our responsibility to fight for our veterans when they return home – and that includes making sure they have roofs over their heads.
Met with representatives from the Grand Forks Base Realignment Impact Committee, Senator Hoeven and Congressman Cramer at the Pentagon to discuss the Grand Forks Air Force Base’s strength and cost-effectiveness. I’m incredibly proud of our servicemembers and their hard work to deliver missions critical to our national security.  By making full use of the advantages the Grand Forks Air Force Base offers, it can become poised to play an even bigger role in the future.
The government shutdown had a disproportionately negative impact in Virginia, particularly in communities where tourism is a primary industry like Chincoteague, Yorktown and the Shenandoah Valley. I'm proud to introduce a bill to help these communities regain some of the business that was lost during the government shutdown and encourage more Americans to visit our beautiful public lands.
Today the Senate is debating the Military Justice Improvement Act, which I co-sponsored. It would create an unbiased independent military justice system to give sexual assault victims in the military a fair chance to receive the justice they deserve.
 
 Just take a look at the stats below. Unfortunately, they tell a sad story – we need a justice system that stands by our servicemen and women who are victimized. It’s time for Congress to fix it.
NA
"The twenty-six historic reforms that are in the bill are going to make our military the most victim-friendly criminal justice system in the world. In no other system does a victim get their own lawyer. In no other system will they have the protection and empowerment, and deference that we are creating for them with this bill." -Claire
Claire will take to the #Senate floor today to make the case for historic military sexual assault reforms. Watch live and join the discussion: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/ #ThePolicyMatters
Before we commit massive resources and thousands of troops to another decade in Afghanistan, the American people should be able to weigh in and Congress should vote.
Today would have been our beloved Senator Robert C. Byrd's 96th birthday, and every day since his passing in 2010, the people of West Virginia feel the loss of this great man. May we all remember him today on his birthday, and may God bless his memory and his great spirit. http://1.usa.gov/1ivM6yV
Senator Manchin displayed the “I Hire Vets” logo – a logo that represents a commitment from businesses and organizations to hire our veterans – as he  joined his Senate colleagues and business leaders to talk about the importance of working together to reduce veterans unemployment.  Senator Manchin attended a roundtable discussion with organizations and businesses that have shown a strong commitment to employing our nation’s veterans. He is the co-chair of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus that includes 40 Senators and 70 Representatives.
Earlier I displayed the “I Hire Vets” logo and talked with key business leaders about the importance of working together to reduce veterans unemployment. As co-chair of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus that includes 40 Senators and 70 Representative, I attended a round table discussion with organizations and businesses that have shown a strong commitment to employing our nation’s veterans.
A West Virginia first-grader from Gauley River Grade School sent me this letter asking for my help.
 
 I decided to give her a break. Click here to watch a video of the break I gave Sophie: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ereo2IYVtWA
ICYMI: Earlier I discussed the Affordable Care Act challenges on Fox News. Watch it here: http://bit.ly/1aRseyF
Today, on the anniversary of the Consolidation Coal Company’s No. 9 mine tragedy in my hometown of Farmington, WV, we remember and honor the 78 brave miners who were lost on that fateful day. Forty-five years later, we continue to grieve, remember those we lost, and pray for their families. I personally lost many individuals who I knew well, including my dear Uncle John and several classmates.    While we will recognize the names of tragedies like Farmington, Sago, Aracoma, or Upper Big Branch, even one life lost while on the job is one too many.  It is simply not acceptable that any of our miners fail to return home to family and loved ones at the end of a shift.  Know that I carry this conviction in my heart, and it affects every vote and every decision that I make as your United States Senator on issues of workplace safety.  All of the lives affected by the devastating tragedy in Farmington on that day are remembered forever in our hearts.
I will continue to do the job that the people of West Virginia sent me to Washington to do - to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and to put our state and our country first.  http://www.dailymail.com/Opinion/Editorials/201311190238
NA
In an effort to help college-bound high school students and their families get a better sense of the financial aid options and opportunities available to them, I’ll be hosting a College Financial Aid Workshop next Monday, November 25 at 7:00 p.m. at Johnston Senior High School.  Financial aid and education experts will be on hand to offer tips and discuss the loan and grant application process and tax benefits to assist with college expenses.  Get more details and RSVP to reserve your spot today: http://1.usa.gov/1iuZpzz
Great news – Nashua School District was named a finalist yesterday for this year’s Race to the Top competition! This is a great recognition for the district and a testament to the quality education the school district is already providing students. Click here to read more: http://bit.ly/18oakaD
Senator Schatz attended the Medal of Freedom ceremony today at the White House and applauded President Obama for awarding Senator Daniel K. Inouye with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor.  “No one is more deserving of this honor than Senator Inouye,” said Senator Brian Schatz.  “Senator Inouye is Hawai‘i’s hero, he is an American hero, and great leader who served with incredible bravery, compassion, and humility.  This is an honor for everyone in Hawai‘i that he is being recognized in this way.”  President Obama said at the ceremony, “Daniel Inouye was a humble man and didn’t wear his Medal of Honor very often, instead he liked to wear a pin representing the Good Conduct Medal he earned as a teenage private. ‘To behave yourself takes special effort,’ he said. ‘And I did not want to dishonor my family.’ Danny always honored his family and his country, even when his country didn’t always honor him.  After being classified as an enemy alien, Danny joined a Japanese American unit that became one of the most decorated in World War II.”
It's American Education Week. As a former teacher, I know how hard my fellow educators work to prepare tomorrow's leaders.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in thanking all Montana teachers for giving our kids and grandkids the best chance to succeed.
I began calling for reforms to fix a broken Senate four years, and I'm sorry to say little has changed. This morning I spoke on the floor with my colleague Senator Jeff Merkley once again about ending this dysfunction and gridlock in Washington. This isn't just about a filibuster, rules or parliamentary procedure, it's about having a government that works and is delivering for the American people. Watch our exchange and share it if you agree - we needed rules reform at the beginning of this Congress, and we need it now.
ICYMI, last night I spoke with Rachel Maddow about Obamacare, Medicaid expansion, and the Koch brothers. Video at the 14:29 mark.
The women who work in our Capitol Hill office were excited to meet the always gracious Janet Yellen today. She is poised to  become the first female Chair of the Federal Reserve in U.S. history. I enjoyed meeting with her today, appreciate the time she spent with our staff, and look forward to voting for her confirmation.
Chaired a Senate Banking Committee hearing yesterday on virtual currencies like Bitcoin. Important that we get it right from from a regulatory, financial, and consumer point of view. Virtual currencies could pose great challenges as well as great opportunities.
