Our hearts are with all the students and families of the Arapahoe High School community, as well as the brave first responders who helped secure student safety. No parent ever wants to look up at their TV screen in the middle of the day to see their children’s school being evacuated because of a shooting. It’s a gut-wrenching experience that no parent should have to endure. Unfortunately, it is also one that Coloradans are all too familiar with.
Really enjoyed this
Today we said thanks and farewell to our US  Airforce fellow Maj. Somers. Major Somers represented his branch with distinction and provided critical insights that helped the people of Maryland and the United States. Best wishes and good luck (not that he needs luck)!
Do you have health insurance secured for 2014? You have until Dec. 23 to register for the health insurance marketplace. Get the details here: http://1.usa.gov/1bDlxEc
 
 Sign-up for more updates like this here: http://bit.ly/1csdozZ
I just learned a few lines of code in honor of Computer Science Education Week. Learn how you can too @ http://learn.code.org #HourOfCode
The National Guard celebrates its 377th birthday today. The National Guard traces its history back to a direct declaration of the Massachusetts Bay Colony on December 13, 1636.  This declaration formed a group of Citizen-Soldiers, requiring all physically able men between 16 and 60 to serve in the militia whenever they were needed.  Other colonies would follow in establishing their own defense forces.  Though Pennsylvania’s Citizen-Soldier defense force would not form for over another hundred years, its history is no less special.  In 1747, Benjamin Franklin would lead others Philadelphians in the creation of the “Associators.”  The idea caught on in neighboring areas within Pennsylvania and was soon replicated throughout the Commonwealth.  From its founding in 1747, through the Revolution, to today’s commitment in Afghanistan, the Pennsylvania National Guard has upheld its motto, “Civilian in peace.  Soldier in war.”
With Joe’s support, the Senate passed a resolution today honoring the life, accomplishments, and legacy of Nelson Mandela and expressing condolences on his passing. May his efforts not be soon forgotten.
Happy Birthday to the National Guard. To all our Hoosier Guard Members, thank you for your continued service. -Joe  The National Guard was created on December 13, 1636, making it 377 years old today. Below is a recent photo of Senator Donnelly and Major General R. Martin Umbarger, who has been The Adjutant General of Indiana since 2004.
We are so close to a deal on the Farm Bill - the closest we have been in the past three years. And I know both Republicans and Democrats want to reach a compromise bill. We need to keep the pressure on, and passing a one month extension of the Farm Bill isn't necessary and doesn't help keep the momentum going. The U.S. Agriculture Secretary has said that dairy prices won't spike as long as Congress passes a Farm Bill in early January. And the chairs of both the Senate and House Agriculture Committees have said a final Farm Bill should be ready at the beginning of the new year.  I had hoped the House would also want to get this bill done before Christmas and continue to work on it, just as the Senate is doing. Now it is time to stop kicking the can down the road. It's time to get a final deal on the Farm Bill across the finish line. I'm working to make that happen.
Today in Fort Yates at the Congressional Silver Medal Code Talkers Ceremony, the Standing Rock tribal members that served as code talkers during WWI and WWII received the recognition they deserve for being American War Heroes. Code talkers, who volunteered to serve despite not being citizens, were sworn to secrecy while they served, which resulted in almost three years of work to find out who the code talkers were in preparation for today's ceremony. Out of all the Native tribes that served as code talkers, Standing Rock had the most members serve nationwide but many family members had no idea that their loved ones had played such a crucial role in our history.  I am so grateful for the sacrifice of our Native veterans and glad they have been properly recognized.
Happy 377th birthday to the oldest component of the U.S. Armed Forces, the National Guard. 
 
 The Guard is the fabric of our whole military, and I can assure you that watching the performance of the Guard is unparalleled to anything I’ve been witness to. One of my proudest duties as Governor of West Virginia was to serve as Commander-In-Chief of our state’s National Guard. I saw firsthand the selfless devotion to duty of the men and women in the West Virginia National Guard. Their honor, courage and patriotism filled me with pride. 
 
 I am so very proud of the Guard and their families for serving our state and our nation so courageously in times of need and I thank them and their families for sacrificing to keep our nation free.
It's been one year since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary. The Newtown victims are still very much in my thoughts. Although their years were few, the lives they touched are many.   Last December, I promised the families of Newtown a meaningful conversation about how to change America’s culture of violence. I want everyone within the sound of my voice to know that the conversation is not over.   The American people will prevail on the issue of gun safety legislation. It's only a question of when. Never lose hope.
Snow has fallen in almost all of New York’s 62 counties so it’s time for Senator Schumer’s Winter in NY Facebook/Instagram Banner Contest.
 
 This year, Chuck will choose two winners, one from Facebook and one from Instagram, who best highlight winter in the Empire State. 
 
 Use #schumerbanner in your post or share your photo in the comments below. Remember to include your name so we can credit you and also where the photo was taken. 
 
 Please remember that the photo must be taken by you, and, please, amateur photographers only – no professionals. We will announce the winner on December 21st, the first day of winter.
In Case You Missed It: Senator Shaheen hosted New Hampshire businesses leaders at a Democratic Steering and Outreach Committee meeting to discuss efforts to boost manufacturing, exports, and job creation in New Hampshire and around the country. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/18qrxC1
Check out the video below to see how I am helping to keep Missoula's Neptune Aviation flying and protecting Montana communities from wildfire.
Thank you to everyone who entered and spread the word about our photo contest - it's been an exciting week for showcasing New Mexico. Starting today, we'll feature one photo every week for "Photo Friday." This week's photo is from Joe Burton, who captured this shot in front of the Organ Mountains. Yesterday I was proud to introduce the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks national monument bill to protect the Organs so others can enjoy this beautiful landscape for generations to come.
 
 To join the photo contest and upload your photo visit: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasingnewmexico/
