Today I wrote an open letter to House Majority Leader Eric Cantor asking him to back up his words with action on the sequester. Read it here: http://huff.to/VGSDt5
"It’s time that the governor step up to the plate, hold his nose if he needs to and do what is in the best interests of Wisconsin by agreeing to expand the state’s Medicaid program."
With some grit, determination, and grassroots support, we can get both parties to come together and fix our broken immigration system.
Senators Cardin  and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski challenged Senator Barbara Boxerand Senator Dianne Feinstein  to the wager in a letter prior to the game. The Maryland Senators wagered Faidley’s crab cakes from Baltimore’s Lexington Market, Berger cookies made in Cherry Hill of Baltimore and Heavy Seas    brewed in Lansdowne. Senator Mikulski also threw in a can of one of Baltimore’s favorite hair sprays.
Hoosier astronaut Kevin Ford will participate in video call with the Indiana State Senate. You can watch, too. Click here at 1:50 PM to see the call happen LIVE.
After “I Work for You”, the one thing Joe heard throughout the tour was the number of good jobs available that are often left unfilled. Currently, it’s estimated that there are over 600k jobs in the U.S. that are vacant because workers don’t receive the right training to fill these positions. In our still-challenging economy, Sen. Donnelly knows that we must act together and help fix this skills gap problem. As Senator, Joe will work to bring common sense legislation to training and education programs so workers who want these jobs can earn the good-paying opportunities they deserve. “Share” this with your friends if you’re for bridging the skills gap and bringing good jobs to hard-working Hoosiers.
This morning, I am honored to bring Pastor David Alan Hampton with me to the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Pastor Hampton is currently the senior pastor at one of the largest churches in Indianapolis, Light of the World. To watch the event, go to CSPAN 2 or simply click on the link to this post. The breakfast begins at 8 AM, and I hope you can join us. -Joe
Gave Baltimore Ravens fans U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski and Senator Ben Cardin their winnings from Senator Barbara Boxer and my Super Bowl bet. Next year, San Francisco 49ers!
Looking forward to watching Minot’s Clint Romesha, who will receive the Medal of Honor next week, tonight on CNN at 9 CT.
Had a great discussion with Delore Zimmerman and Roger Reierson about the innovative work going on in the Red River Valley Research Corridor.
Just met with Twila Martin Kekahbah, a member of the Housing Assistance Council Board about improving rural housing conditions.
The bill I introduced today with Senator Hoeven meets a need for the Bureau of Land Management & the industry in western North Dakota.
An open dialogue with North Dakotans is very important to me. Since taking office last month, I've sent over 1,000 responses to constituents.
At an Armed Services Committee hearing I questioned Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey on the devastating effects sequestration was already having in Virginia, including the delayed deployment of the USS Harry S. Truman, an aircraft carrier based out of Norfolk, which has affected more than 5,000 sailors and means a diminished presence of the U.S. Military in the Middle East.
Today I joined with my colleague Senator Ben Cardin to collect the spoils of our Super Bowl wager with California Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein. On Sunday night, the Ravens and the 49ers gave America the thrill of a lifetime! 34-31! Right down to the last minute.  We were so pumped. So fired up. Our own Ravens flew high, they soared all over Baltimore - and now we are the world champions!
NA
Just met with former Senator Hagel. Not only an impressive resume and intellect, he's a decorated veteran and would be the first Secretary of Defense who served only in the enlisted ranks. He's got my vote.
Check out this short video message on my second report on the NRA. The report reveals that the NRA has a direct financial stake in selling more guns, and increasingly represents gun makers rather than gun owners:
“Is there a way we can get back to the point Secretary Panetta where we’re not relying on a contract force to do what is inherently a government function. I mean it’s almost like I hit a brick wall every time I talk about this. Why is it that this has to be a contract function? Why can’t we use the best-trained military in the world to protect our most valued assets in our most dangerous places.”
Joined Senators Debbie Stabenow (D–MI) and Roy Blunt (R–MO) and Silver Linings Playbook Director David O. Russell to introduce the Excellence in Mental Health Act to help build and expand community mental health centers and help pay for the counseling and other services the qualified mental health professionals working in these centers can provide. http://1.usa.gov/Wxm1FP
I joined my Senate Democratic colleagues for a Hispanic media roundtable hosted by the Senate Hispanic Task Force. We spoke about legislative priorities for the 113th Congress as well as the recent advancements of the negotiations for an integral immigration reform. Thanks to the Hispanic Task Force for leading such a thoughtful conversation on immigration reform.   Hoy me reuní con mis colegas Demócratas del Senado en una mesa redonda con medios hispanos organizada por el Equipo Demócrata de Iniciativas Hispanas del Senado.  Discutimos la agenda Legislativa del 113avo Congreso como también los recientes avances en las negociaciones para una reforma migratoria integral. Gracias al Equipo Demócrata de Iniciativas Hispanas del Senado por entablar una conversación muy reflexiva sobre la reforma migratoria.
Today I introduced The Retired Pay Restoration Act which will permit retired members of the Armed Forces who have a service-connected disability between 0-40% to receive both their military retired pay and full disability compensation. For the past 122 years, Congress has forced retired and career veterans to forfeit dollar-for-dollar their retirement pay if they also receive disability pay for an injury that occurred in the line of duty. This is simply wrong, and we owe it to our veterans to do better.
Senator Shaheen today continued her efforts to learn from the mistakes that were made in Libya in order to implement policies to prevent and protect diplomats from future attacks. Since the attacks in Benghazi, Senator Shaheen has used her position as a member of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committees to call for more accountability from federal officials and ensure that they are taking proper steps to prevent future attacks.
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor today to urge her colleagues to come together and reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) without further delay.  Shaheen has been a strong advocate of VAWA and has visited crisis centers across New Hampshire to emphasize the essential services the program offers to victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.
A Guardsman's or Reservist's deployment should count toward early retirement no matter where it falls on the calendar.  The bill I introduced today knocks more common-sense into the military's retirement policy.  CLICK BELOW to find out more.
This week I sent a letter to President Obama with 10 other senators asking for more information about the legal opinions to authorize the killing of American citizens during counterterrorism operations. These operations have remained hidden from the general public and withheld from members of Congress, inhibiting Congress’ ability to conduct necessary oversight. Click here to read our letter to the President and learn more about our efforts.
I was glad to help announce $4.2 million for the Pawtucket Fire Department to hire more firefighters.  All of our firefighters put so much on the line for us. When they have the resources and the team members they need, we're all a little safer. This is a great step. http://bit.ly/UC1st4
Doubling our energy productivity will yield huge returns for our economy and increase our competitiveness. This bipartisan Alliance To Save Energy plan can serve as a blueprint to advance energy efficiency and bring direct and tangible benefits to American families and businesses while building a stronger economy and healthier environment.
If you're in Massachusetts, please check out the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency's website to make sure you’re ready for tomorrow's storm - and please check in on the seniors in your neighborhood.
One quarter of all women in the US are victims of  domestic violence. We must re-authorize the Violence Against Women Act.
