Be sure to tune in at 11am to watch Governor John W. Hickenlooper deliver his fourth the State of the State address. Most local stations will broadcast it live and stream it online. We'd love to hear your thoughts leading up to the State of the State address and as it's happening, so feel free to use the comments to discuss the speech.
“Mr. President, I have taken the floor of the United States Senate -- and when I was a member of the House on the Floor of the House -- to talk about circumstances that are occurring somewhere in the world where people are being killed, displaced, people are being uprooted simply because of their  ethnicity. Ethnic cleansing has occurred around the world, and I have taken the opportunity, put a spotlight on it in an effort to say that the civilized world needs to put an end to that type of crime against humanity. America needs to be a leader in the world to prevent ethnic cleansing. Many of us believed after World War II the world would never again see circumstances where people were killed simply because of the ethnic community that they belonged to. I've talked about Bosnia, Rwanda, Darfur, Syria, and now, Mr. President, we see the same thing happening again in the #SouthSudan.”
Today, Senator Hoeven and I met with and put pressure on US Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx and Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration head Cynthia Quarterman to step up and move forward with safety provisions, which have not been handled with the necessary urgency, and just yesterday I reached out to the Federal Railroad Administration. We are continuing to reach out to all entities that play a role in rail safety to get to the bottom of what happened in Casselton, and what we can do to make improvements. It is incredibly important for North Dakota that we have smart rail regulations in place. They will give certainty to our shippers, and, most importantly, respond to the very legitimate safety concerns of North Dakotans. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=90d9ea09-087b-43f7-8056-7d8f4d83ef27
Read today's Forum article about the work I've been doing to find answers and solutions on the Casselton train derailment.
Tonight I spent time with some of the brave men and women of the North Dakota National Guard’s 188th Air Defense Artillery Regiment who are stationed in Washington, DC. The work that they do here is so important to our National Security and I am proud of their sacrifice and commitment to North Dakota, and our country. In November, I visited them during their mission and learned about the critical work they’re doing in Washington. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=050baa68-58ba-42be-b7c3-14cc7a0836e6
Today's #ThrowbackThursday is brought to you by the Springfield News-Leader, who highlighted some unique items found under the seats in the balcony of the old Landers Theater. Recognize those parents in the theater's 1979 advertisement? #TBT
In case you missed it, last night  CNN covered Claire's new investigation in weight-loss scams and her call for Missourians to share their stories (all submissions are confidential). Simply go to her website at www.McCaskill.Senate.Gov/SubmitYourScam to tell your story.
The expiration of emergency unemployment insurance is causing pain to many American families around the country. Watch this video to see some of the impacts. This is why I'm fighting so hard to renew UI.
1st NYers to visit the DC office & pin the map in 2014 are faculty & students from @CollegeofStRose #Albany
Senator Shaheen met Johnny Matheny at the DARPA, The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency showcase today on Capitol Hill. Johnny is pictured using a robotic arm — a New Hampshire invention that is revolutionizing prosthetics for amputees.
In case you missed it, Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor yesterday to call for an immediate extension of emergency unemployment insurance which provides a critical lifeline while people look for jobs. As Shaheen noted, a failure to extend these benefits would be bad for our economy and bad for New Hampshire families struggling to get back on their feet. To watch Senator Shaheen’s remarks, click here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQD8Xf03Thw&feature=c4-overview&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA
Senator Schatz is fighting to protect military retirees from changes to cost of living adjustments by helping to introduce an amendment to legislation renewing long-term unemployment benefits.   “The reductions made to military pay increases are unacceptable and need to be reversed. This amendment will reestablish the cost-of-living increase for future military retirees, and this is a commonsense fix that we should be able to get bipartisan support for.  The cost-of-living pay changes won’t take effect until 2015, so we have time to fix this issue, but we must fix this issue.” – BES  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exHJiRZD4cI
Great article in the Las Cruces Sun-News about the importance of the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program that helps many of our counties provide law enforcement, public safety, roads, education and health services to citizens. PILT offsets the revenue local governments can’t collect because of the amount of nontaxable federal lands within their boundaries. This is a critical source of funding, especially in big Western states, and I have been a strong supporter of PILT. Most recently, I joined with Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming to urge funding for PILT in the upcoming appropriations bill, and I look forward to working with all of our local governments to fight for full funding in the future.
Cool video out of NASA's Wallops Flight Facility. Congratulations on a successful launch today! 
At nearly $700 billion in sales each year, prepaid cards are one of the fastest growing parts of the financial industry. However, these cards aren’t subject to the same kinds of consumer protections as other types of credit cards and gift cards.  It’s important that young people and people without credit history or access to traditional banking tools have access to prepaid cards, but we can’t let the technology outpace smart consumer protections.
Working to fix volunteer first responder ACA issue: http://1.usa.gov/1bxIR6f. I keep a constant reminder in my office. #throwbackthursday #TBT
Watch my floor speech on the bipartisan Truth in Settlements Act I introduced yesterday with Senator Coburn. Enforcement agencies should not be able to cut bad deals with companies and then hide the embarrassing details.  The public deserves to know what’s going on.
I introduced the bipartisan Truth in Settlements Act yesterday with Senator Tom Coburn. Government enforcement agencies work for us, not for the companies they regulate. When those agencies settle with companies that break the law, they should clearly disclose the terms of those deals. Increased transparency will shut down backroom deal-making and ensure that Congress, citizens and watchdog groups can hold government accountable for strong and effective enforcement that benefits the public interest. Find out more about the Truth in Settlements Act here: http://1.usa.gov/1a1grlu
