Tammy and a bipartisan group of colleagues are calling on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to implement short-term measures to stop Asian carp from getting into the Great Lakes, and to move aggressively toward a long-term solution.
Earlier this week, the Supreme Court ruled that federal law bars people convicted of misdemeanor domestic abuse charges from having guns.   The ruling will help protect abused women and children from gun violence —it’s a victory for common sense, but it’s not enough. We need common sense in Congress as well. While the Supreme Court has prevented the creation of a new loophole in America’s gun laws, many other loopholes continue to leave women and children at risk of being killed by a firearm at the hands of an abuser. Congress must do its job and close those loopholes.  Share this image from Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America.
Our thoughts are with Groton teacher Brad Vernet as he undergoes a kidney transplant in early April.   In July, Mr. Vernet’s insurance company informed him that his surgery would be covered. But just weeks before the scheduled surgery, they reversed, and told him that the hospital was out of network. Faced with a decision to delay a potentially life-saving surgery, Mr. Vernet  called Senator Blumenthal’s office. After pressure from Sen. Blumenthal’s office, the insurance company confirmed that his benefits do indeed cover the surgery.   "There's a real lesson here for people. They should not take no for an answer and insist their insurance company give them the benefits they deserve,” Sen. Blumenthal said.    Read more, and share Mr. Vernet’s story, Help Find Brad A Kidney: http://j.mp/1dAw1Ja
How much money does the letter ‘e’ cost taxpayers each year? It’s a good question. 14-year-old Suvir Mirchandani did the math and he discovered that the federal government could be saving up to $136 million each year just by switching to thinner fonts that use less ink! This could be a great way to save money and ensure we’re getting the biggest bang for the taxpayers’ buck: http://www.cnn.com/2014/03/27/living/student-money-saving-typeface-garamond-schools/index.html?hpt=hp_t2
This is the last weekend to get covered by the Affordable Care Act and avoid the penalty! So click the link below to go to www.choosehealthde.com or one of the enrollment events across Delaware all weekend long and get enrolled in health insurance for you and your family.
Extending unemployment insurance will help those looking for work and produce growth in the economy. The pace of job growth has increased in the last few months but there are still far too many Pennsylvanians looking for work. Extending unemployment insurance will help those actively seeking work and their families, and I’m urging both Houses of Congress to quickly take up and pass this legislation. #RenewUI
"Sensitive personal information should not be for sale without users' explicit consent. This legislation is designed to help our laws keep pace with our technology, and ensure that we can remain vigilant as location-tracking technology continues to grow."
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. 31 winners have been selected for the Hoosier Homestead Award which honors farms that have remained in the same family for more than a century. Congratulations to our family farmers, and thanks for the great work that you do for our state.
After returning from a bipartisan delegation to Ukraine this week where he met with government leaders, Senator Donnelly voted to provide aid to Ukraine and impose sanctions against Russia for their illegal invasion and annexation of Crimea.
Good news from the FDA. Drug companies agree to limit antibiotic use in agriculture. 
Making sure we are living up to our trust and treaty responsibilities with Indian Country is one of my top priorities. I chatted with MSNBC's Luke Russert about the need to stand up for Native families in North Dakota and across the country. 
We are truly a nation of immigrants as folks have journeyed here for generations, seeking better and more prosperous lives for themselves and their families. The newest citizens I congratulated today understand the opportunities this country affords and I am privileged to welcome them as fellow U.S. citizens. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a8806aca-c320-42d4-9b77-c73dd4e0fa1a
Today the U.S. Department of Energy notified me that North Dakota has been chosen as a site for one of the nationwide meetings the Administration is hosting to examine critical energy issues. It makes perfect sense to include North Dakota as a site considering the vast energy resources and development in our state, which is why I insisted that the Department of Energy come to North Dakota. 
Senator Patrick Leahy, who for two decades has been the leading U.S. official in the crusade to rid the world of anti-personnel landmines, launched what he is announcing will be a series of periodic Senate Floor statements on the topic.  Both publicly and privately, in scores of private meetings and public appeals, Leahy has unceasingly pressed every president since Bill Clinton to allow the United States to join the international treaty banning landmines.  He now continues those appeals, directed to President Obama.  Leahy is President Pro Tempore of the Senate and chairs the State Department’s budget panel, the State Department and Foreign Operations Subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Senator Manchin visited Boone County for a productive discussion with area residents, including students, medical specialists, public officials and first responders about how we can work together to fight this country’s prescription drug abuse epidemic and make sure that our next generations have a bright future in West Virginia.
ICYMI: Yesterday I went on Fox News to talk about commonsense fixes I've proposed with a group of my colleagues to make the Affordable Care Act work better.   Watch it here:
Thrilled to be spending the day in Boone County. Great discussion this morning with area residents, including students, medical specialists, public officials and first responders about how we can work together to fight this country’s prescription drug abuse epidemic and make sure that our next generations have a bright future in West Virginia.
It's not a matter of if, but when #RenewUI will pass the Senate.   Please keep up your support for the bipartisan Reed-Heller compromise. Here’s a primer on the path forward:
Tomorrow evening is Earth Hour. I am proud that several Nevadans, including many of our most iconic properties on the Las Vegas Strip, are participating. It's always a good reminder that we need to conserve energy.
Didn't expect to cheer for #Michigan to save this years bracket #MarchMadness
Been a @unioncollege hockey fan for a long time -  #GoDutchmen
NA
In 1977 it took the federal government 61 days to process federal workers’ retirement.  In 2014, it STILL takes 61 days.  Now, I’m leading a bipartisan group to do something about it: http://1.usa.gov/1dyRDpi
Have you signed up for health insurance yet? The deadline to get covered on HealthSource RI is March 31st. That means you have just 3 days to find quality, affordable care for you and your family before open enrollment ends. The good news is that 3 days is plenty of time, because signing up is easy. Just visit www.healthsourceri.com or call 1-855-840-HSRI (4774).
Great to be in Southwest Virginia today! Helping set up monthly pot luck at Russell County's Drill Community Center.
