Thoughts and prayers are with the officer wounded in the line of duty in Howard County. Also thinking of the men and women out there looking for the suspect. Thanks for all you do.
NA
Welcome to #SoBo Amazon.com! 1,000 well paying jobs are coming to #Baltimore, this is great news for all of #Maryland.
TODAY in Evansville, Jeffersonville, and Indianapolis: Senator Donnelly’s office will hold Military Service Academy Information Nights. Click on this link for more information.
Today I met with leaders of Fort Detrick in Frederick to discuss the continued impacts of sequester on jobs, federal employees and critical military programs. I thanked hard working federal employees who were locked out and locked down by the needless government shutdown and sequester cuts. It’s time to end shutdown, slam down politics. I will continue to fight for federal employees as hard as they fight each day on the front lines for America.
Great input today from ECSU students on my college affordability bill. Good ideas here about incentivizing colleges to be more innovative
Claire wrote to Morning Joe host and Boston Red Sox fan Joe Scarborough, letting him know why she’s taking a break from watching this week, and telling him how she feels about his public love for the opposing team. #WorldSeries  #CardinalNation
At Corvallis High, chatting with high schoolers  and my friend Senator Wyden about how we can move our country forward.
I understand that the Health Insurance Marketplace website has not been operating properly. However, my staff and I are here to help, and we will do everything in our power to make the enrollment process simpler for you and your family or small business.   Please visit my website to view a simple guide to what you need to know about the new health care law: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/health-care-help-from-joe
The Republican government shutdown was totally unnecessary. What a shame.
Thanks Veterans Count for the terrific work you are doing through the Deployment Cycle Support Program (DCSP) to support New Hampshire’s men and women in uniform and military families. It was an honor to join veterans and service members this morning at the Salute Our Soldiers Breakfast.
Beautiful sunset in San Juan County outside Farmington. #NewMexicoTrue
