Today I joined Wendy Spencer of the Corp. for National and Community Service, Sen. Chris Coons, Gov. Jack Markell and First Lady Carla Markell and to announce service projects through AmeriCorps to help the Boys and Girls Clubs of Delaware. This is great news for kids in DE.
NA
With a $2 million investment, Smith Brothers Furniture plans to add at least 20 jobs and expand their new facility. Share this post with your friends, and let’s continue to spread good economic news across Indiana.
DuPont Pioneer Seed announced this week their plans for a $13.8 million investment in Tipton which includes adding 20 new jobs and expanding their facility by 20,800 square feet. Share this with your friends if you’re for good news about great Hoosier jobs.
VIDEO: I joined Wolf Blitzer on CNN's The Situation Room last night to discuss my assault weapons bill and gun violence. Watch HERE:
In Fargo doing a live interview on @prairiepublic Tune in!
Big basketball weekend in ND. What is your favorite North Dakota State Basketball Tournament memory?
En route back to North Dakota for wknd. Honored to serve ND in the Senate, but miss being home all the time!
Larry Simns stood sentry for the watermen of the Chesapeake Bay for over forty years and courageously carried their banner into the 21st century. He fought to preserve their traditions and their opportunity to work on the water like their forefathers.  He also had the tough challenge of helping them navigate a tough economy and difficult environmental factors facing our beloved Bay. He did not have an easy job.  He was a trusted advisor - candid and straightforward. We shared a profound confidence in the watermen of Maryland and their commitment to preserving the Bay for all our children. Because of Larry Simns and our watermen, many Marylanders have enjoyed the wonderful crabs and oysters that we are so famous for.  My thoughts and prayers are with Larry's family and friends, and his fellow watermen."
NA
Senator Manchin questions Sally Jewell, nominee for Secretary of the Interior, at the Energy and Natural Resources Committee.
Flashback Friday: Then-Governor Shaheen outside the New Hampshire Statehouse in 1997. Hard to believe that this photo is almost 16 years old!
“Congratulations to Centrix Bank’s Joe Reilly, named 2013 Citizen of the Year by the Greater Manchester Chamber of Commerce. I have had the pleasure of working with Joe on my Small Business Advisory Council and know firsthand that this honor is well-deserved!" - JS
Academy & ROTC Day on Saturday in Great Falls is a great opportunity for Montana students interested in the military to learn about our nation's service academies.  I encourage Montana's best and brightest to visit Building 64 of the Montana Air National Guard tomorrow from 9 a.m. until noon.
I had a great meeting with RI members of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America today. Not only did we talk about the gun violence bills I helped pass in the Senate Judiciary Committee this week, we talked about the fight ahead of us to turn these bills into law. It will take grassroots support to keep moving Congress forward on gun violence. 
 Learn more about these bills here: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/judiciary-committee-approves-gun-violence-legislation
Raising the minimum wage is good for families and good for our economy. Watch my questions at yesterday’s HELP committee hearing here.
