Before the GOP votes for the 55th time to tear down Obamacare,  they should talk to the millions of Americans who are benefiting from the Affordable Care Act. When it comes to healthcare, all people want is a fair shot at affordable insurance.
SHARE if you agree that our kids deserve high-quality afterschool care from 3 to 6 PM. Let’s pass S. 326, the Afterschool for America’s Children Act!
TUNE IN now to the United States Patent and Trademark Office's recruitment webinar. They are hiring in Colorado. If you have questions about working as a Patent Examiner, ask your questions on twitter with the hashtag #USPTOJobs.
Are you interested in a career as a Patent Examiner? Today at 11:30AM MT, the United States Patent and Trademark Office is hosting an online, live-streamed recruitment event. Hear from actual Patent Examiners about their jobs and ask them questions on twitter using the hashtag #USPTOJobs. Tune in at http://new.livestream.com/uspto/denverrecruitment
I was proud to receive Planned Parenthood's Champion for Women's Health Award tonight. I promise to always fight for women's right to choose, reproductive health care, and women's health care.
At least 12 people have died and 31 have been injured in accidents linked to faulty ignition switches.   Watch this CBS evening news interview with Sen. Blumenthal on the actions he’s taking to hold GM accountable: http://j.mp/1j3kJg6 
ICYMI, yesterday Senator Blumenthal asked the Justice Department to hold GM accountable for failing to report a major defect in cars. GM and NHTSA's failure to act caused financial harm, physical injury, and deaths.  “I write to request your immediate intervention and assistance on behalf of victims of severe damage ... resulting from serious ignition switch defects in General Motors cars.”  Share this: tell the Justice Department we want action. http://j.mp/OXIefb
Since being signed into law the #ACA has been protecting Americans from free-wheeling insurance company tactics that used to drop people when they got sick, charged women more for coverage than men, capped benefits, and spent more than a reasonable amount lining their own pockets than providing quality health coverage. With only 5 days left to sign up before the March 31 deadline, now is the time to #GetCovered.     "The Hunt family of Frederick County described the bankruptcy and anxiety they endured before the Affordable Care Act's mandates started. Their son Corey was in college and diagnosed with a brain tumor just as they were switching to a new health insurance policy.  The new insurer originally declined to cover Corey because of the tumor, said his mother, Michelle Hunt.  The Affordable Care Act required insurers to cover him with the pre-existing condition, and his treatment has been a success.  Because of the Affordable Care Act, “he's here today,” Michelle Hunt said." - Via Frederick News-Post  
Another social media milestone! Thank you for making it happen! Click share to help me get to 10k quicker.
It’s great to see Delaware take charge on promoting wellness in our schools and lead the way towards building a healthier tomorrow. Weigh to Go! 
Hey First Staters! Five days left to find a plan and avoid a penalty for you and your family at www.choosehealthde.com or any upcoming event across the state!
When it comes to medical treatment, children are not small adults, and the EMSC program recognizes the special care and attention they deserve. This low-cost program has saved the lives of countless children and adolescents in the past 30 years, and I urge my colleagues to support this critically important program.
Senator Donnelly congratulated GE Aviation and the City of Lafayette for partnering together to bring a new jet engine manufacturing plant, along with new jobs, to Indiana. Watch his message here.
The Supreme Court today voted unanimously to strengthen law preventing those convicted of domestic violence from having guns. 
Another senior al-Qaeda figure convicted on conspiracy to kill Americans. I expect Abu Ghayth will spend the rest of his life in federal prison with other terrorists.
More than 100 years after President Roosevelt designated the Grand Canyon a National Monument, House Republicans are trying to gut the very law that allowed for that historic moment to take place. Make no mistake, what’s at stake is the future of our most treasured landscapes and the guarantee that our children, and our children's children, will have the same outdoor opportunities that we had growing up.
Interested in the minimum wage debate? Newsbound is out with a new explainer #RaiseTheWage
Also looking forward to having U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx come to Casselton next month to meet with community leaders and continue our efforts to improve rail safety. 
North Dakota is doing outstanding work to help build the UAS industry. We are bringing U.S. Federal Aviation Administration head Michael Huerta to Grand Forks next month to see this progress for himself. We will also bring him to Williston so he can see the critical need for infrastructure improvements. 
The Senate Indian Affairs Committee  is holding a hearing next Wednesday at 1:30pm CT about my bill that would create a Commission on Native Children. Senator Dorgan will testify. I’m working to make sure Native children aren’t left behind because when they’re given an opportunity to really thrive, they are able to make tremendous achievements for themselves, their families, and communities. That’s why I’m pushing for this bill and that’s why I pushed for this hearing on it. 
Senator Patrick Leahy Wednesday met with Vermonters in his Washington office for a “Green Mountain Coffee Hour,” his periodic get-togethers with visiting Vermonters.  From left to right, James Collins of East Dorset, Michael Wright of St. Johnsbury, and President of the Vermont Ambulance Association Jim Finger.
Calling all young, aspiring RI chefs!  First Lady Michelle Obama has once again issued the Healthy Lunchtime Challenge, and she’s looking for kids between the ages of 8 and 12 to work with their parents or legal guardian to create an original, nutritious lunchtime recipe that is healthy, affordable, and tasty. This nationwide recipe challenge seeks to promote healthy school lunches, so recipe entries should represent each of the food groups, either in one dish or as parts of a lunch meal, including: fruits, vegetables, whole grains, proteins, and low-fat dairy foods.   The winner from each state will be invited to a White House Kids’ “State Dinner” this summer. Last year, Samantha Mastrati, a 12-year-old from Cranston, was selected as the winner from Rhode Island for her recipe for Italian garden salsa with crunchy chicken tenders.  The deadline for entries is next Wednesday, April 5. For more information or to submit a recipe, visit: http://www.recipechallenge.epicurious.com/enter/method 
The bipartisan Reed-Heller #RenewUI bill will help more than 2.79 million Americans, including 12,000 Rhode Islanders.   I went to the Senate floor yesterday to discuss the urgent need to move forward with a vote and deliver relief to millions of job seekers who are currently struggling to make ends meet without the safety net unemployment insurance provides.   It has been 87 days since unemployment insurance was cutoff on Dec. 28th. American families can’t afford to wait any longer. We're continuing to push hard to get this bill through the Senate and convince House Republicans that this is the right thing to do for the economy and for working Americans who lost their job through no fault of their own. We will continue doing everything we can to get this done.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45uO40MJa28
Ralph Wilson was a hero for the #BuffaloBills, Western New York and for all of football. He gave Western New York an institution that became as much a part of the community’s DNA as harsh winters, hard work and the glorious Falls. He loved the Bills and Western New York with every fiber of his being and the legacy of my dear friend will reverberate in Western New York and in the game of football for generations to come.  - cs
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
NA
Tax Day is April 15.  If you need assistance preparing your tax returns, there are free services available in Hawai‘i.  To find free tax services near you, visit Senator Schatz’s tax help resource webpage:  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/taxhelp 
Increasing the minimum wage would mean a raise for 91,000 Rhode Islanders. And it would mean a $77.8 million boost to the Ocean State economy. It's time to #RaiseTheWage.
