For many months I have focused on the issue of campus sexual assault—in Connecticut, and nationwide. That’s why, today, I am at the White House to support the launch of “It’s On Us,” a campaign aimed towards engaging college students to prevent sexual assault.  For too long, we have put the onus on everyone else to prevent sexual assault. It’s on us, now, to no longer be bystanders or to blame the victim. This campaign aims to encourage everyone to create an environment in which sexual assault is unacceptable, and to recognize and intervene when it is happening. Parents, share this with your kids. College students, look around, and start taking responsibility for the environment you are creating.   This is our responsibility, yours and mine. I have taken the pledge—will you? http://j.mp/1r61WFN #itsonus
It’s on us to stop sexual assault. Take the pledge to be part of the solution at http://itsonus.org #ItsOnUs
At CHOP detailing what the recently passed Emergency Medical Services for Children (EMSC) legislation means for Philly children.
Don’t forget about today’s deadline for Joe’s spring D.C. internship program and the Wayne Townsend & Frank J. Anderson legislative programs. Learn more and apply at http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/student-resources/internships and http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/legislativeprograms.
Sunday is the People's Climate March in NY to kick off the U.N. Climate 2014 Summit. Read about why it’s important:
New Mexico leading the way in innovation.  
North Dakota received more than $200,000 in federal funds from the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration to maintain the safety of pipelines and protect North Dakotans from potential pipeline incidents. As the occurrence of transporting hazardous materials increases, we need to make sure we are taking all the necessary safety steps, and that our first responders have the resources and training they need to respond to emerging threats and hazards. These funds will help make sure our state’s pipelines that carry gas and hazardous materials are safe and our communities and families are protected. 
This week, the Senate and House took a huge step forward and came together to pass my bipartisan bill, which I introduce with Republican Senator Jerry Moran, to level the playing field for Native families. It will enable tribal governments to decide which programs best help their communities thrive, just as local and state governments do. For too long, that hasn’t been the case. I’ve heard stories of the IRS questioning a tribal government’s ability to provide school supplies to elementary school children, or levying a tax on a ramp erected for a tribal elder to access her home. This law shows that we respect tribal sovereignty by making sure tribal citizens get the rights they deserve. http://1.usa.gov/YYpEtf
Claire was honored to be at the White House today for the launch of the #ItsOnUs campaign:  “I’m grateful the White House is continuing to direct much-needed attention to the issue of sexual violence on our college campuses. If we’re going to turn the tide against such violence, we need the type of cultural shift that the ‘It’s On Us’ campaign aims to bring about. But change doesn’t happen quickly, which is why we need to pass our bipartisan legislation that will help curb these crimes, protect and empower students, and ensure perpetrators are held accountable.”  http://itsonus.org/#videos 
I join West Virginians today to quietly reflect on the sacrifices and patriotism of Americans who, in answering the call of duty, did not return home. On this National POW/MIA Recognition Day, let us all remember how lucky we are to be Americans, and the debt we have to the Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, and Marines who were killed, captured, or remain missing in action in defense of our great nation. So today, let us judge ourselves by the success of our efforts to account for and repatriate the remains of all of our brave veterans.  We are eternally grateful for their service and sacrifice. They will never be forgotten.
West Virginia has built a reputation of service and sacrifice, and I truly believe we are the most patriotic state in the nation. So for those bright young men and women who feel a calling to serve and who are serious about duty, honor, commitment and our country—I strongly urge you to apply for the opportunity to serve and become a part of this proud tradition. I look forward to reviewing the applications and helping our West Virginia students reach America’s esteemed institutions—whether it is U.S. Air Force, Military, Naval or Merchant Marine Academy.   To learn more, please visit my website at manchin.senate.gov or watch my video message: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTvqF2CbhfY&feature=youtu.be 
Great to see progress on the Holodomor Memorial in Washington, DC
Submitted the following statement yesterday to the Congressional Record, which is the official record of all U.S. Senate proceedings, honoring the heroic acts of Allegany native, Major Patrick Miller during the tragic Fort Hood shooting in April.  HONORING MAJOR PATRICK MILLER  Mr. President, I would like to recognize and honor Major Patrick W. Miller, United States Army, for his incredible courage and bravery on April 2, 2014 during the tragic Fort Hood shooting.  Major Miller was born and raised in Allegany, New York and was commissioned in the United States Army in 2003 after graduating from St. Bonaventure University. He has been deployed to Iraq for two tours, first as a commander of a platoon of medics and second as an adviser to the Iraqi Army.  In August of 2013, he and his wife Ashley were assigned to Fort Hood, Texas.  It was there, on the afternoon of April 2nd, that a gunman opened fire in a shooting rampage. During that time, the shooter entered Major Miller’s building and opened fire, immediately hitting Patrick in the abdomen, just 2 inches below his heart. Despite being critically wounded, and at great risk to his own life, he rushed to get his fellow soldiers to safety in a closed office as quickly as possible. Then, while attempting to put pressure on his wound, still thinking of his fellow soldiers, he was able to make a call to 911 to report the shooting.  In addition to wounding Major Miller, the shooter ended up killing 3 soldiers and wounding 15 others, before taking his own life.  The heroic and distinguished acts by Major Miller, beyond a doubt, saved countless lives.  On behalf of the nation and my fellow New Yorkers, it is my honor to recognize the exemplary service and overwhelming bravery of Major Miller during such a tragic event. I wish him the best as he continues to serve our great nation.
Senator Shaheen announced today the approval of Drug Free Communities (DFC) Support Program funding from the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) to address New Hampshire’s heroin and prescription drug epidemic as well as her cosponsorship of bipartisan legislation to combat synthetic drugs designed to mimic the effects of controlled substances and circumvent existing federal drug laws. Communities throughout New Hampshire will receive DFC funding support, which Shaheen had called for earlier this year to educate about the dangers of drug abuse to ultimately reduce youth substance use.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1mmAfIv 
Have you ever seen a corporation sport a flattop? I didn't think so. #CorpsArentPeople #FlattopFriday
This week, the Senate unanimously passed my bipartisan bill to support oil and gas development on federal land in New Mexico.  I've been working with groups, including the New Mexico Oil and Gas Association, Western Energy Alliance, American Petroleum Institute, and others to ensure that we provide the BLM resources to balance and support the demands of oil and gas permitting and environmental management. Oil and gas production is critical to New Mexico's economy and for our children's education, with the state getting $479 million in federal royalties in 2013 alone. I'm calling on the House to pass it quickly so that our offices in Carlsbad and Farmington can continue to support the local and state economy.
