This December 7th marks the 72nd anniversary of the attack on #PearlHarbor, “A Date Which Will Live in Infamy” when the Japanese attacked the US naval base in Pearl Harbor Hawaii.  Over 2,400 Americans were lost on that day while defending their country.  The battleship USS Pennsylvania was stationed at Pearl Harbor on that fateful day. It was undergoing maintenance in a drydock.  This positioning allowed the USS  Pennsylvania to be one of the first ships to open fire on the Japanese attackers.  During the attack, it sustained minor damage and later served honorably in the Pacific for the remainder of the War.  The state of Pennsylvania lost nearly two dozen of its native sons during the attacks on Pearl Harbor.  Included in this total is Chief Boatswain Edwin Joseph Hill of Philadelphia, who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the attack.  Seventy-two years later, I ask that all Pennsylvanians honor and remember the sacrifices that those brave sailors paid at Pearl Harbor.  Having occurred so long ago, the members of the “greatest generation” are becoming all the more rare and yet are becoming all the more exceptional as examples to live selflessly and patriotically.
Today we honor the brave men and women who gave their lives for their country at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. It is important for all of us not to allow their sacrifices to be forgotten or ignored. Please join me in recognizing National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. - Joe
Joe and Jill stopped by WNDU in South Bend this morning for the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve Toys for Tots toy drive.
With Sgt. 1st Class Sigl in Afghanistan earlier this year.
Welcoming home Sgt. 1st Class Sigl today in Bismarck.
Today I was honored to participate in a welcome home ceremony for the North Dakota National Guard's 1919th Unit and sendoff for the 814th Medical Company. I'm thankful for the sacrifice and service from our servicemembers returning home today and for their bravery while serving our country. It was also a bittersweet farewell to the 814th unit today - I wish them a safe return from their yearlong deployment. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=94c36567-c735-4b6b-9e92-95e523bd7fb7
Keeping the nations top doctors flocking to the #Rochester area and, most importantly, it may lead to the development of and HIV vaccine  http://www.democratandchronicle.com/story/news/local/2013/12/06/ur-given-1m-grant-for-hiv-treatment-prevention/3896443/  
Remembering Pearl Harbor and our men and women in uniform today. Forever grateful for the service, sacrifices, and bravery of our men and women in uniform who lost their lives 72 years ago today, and for all who have fought to protect our freedoms ever since.    -JS
“Today as we observe the 72nd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, let us stop to remember and honor those brave service members in Hawai’i who served with honor and made the ultimate sacrifice to protect the freedoms and rights of our great country.” - BES
