Have you had a chance to sign Tammy’s petition telling Congress not to leave the middle class behind? Take a minute to add your name today, and share with your friends!
*Cardin Statement on President  Barack Obama's #FY15 Budget Plan*  “President Obama’s #budget outline is a helpful tool to fill in the details of the budget agreed to by the #Congress last year. Overall, I share the President’s commitment to investing in America and working to ensure our economy is working for all Americans. While I am still reviewing all the details, there are some good specifics in this budget plan, including: increased funding for education, support for low- and middle-income households, boosts to public transit projects in Maryland and transportation infrastructure projects, funding to support the special needs of #Holocaust survivors living in the U.S., as well as a modest adjustment for federal workers’ pay – as opposed to the years of a pay freeze. However, I am extremely disappointed in the lack of investment in overall funding for the National Institutes of Health , particularly with regard to eliminating health disparities and improving oral health. Even if the President’s budget is not translated into a budget resolution, I am concerned about many of the  markers set down for appropriators, such as  flat  funding for the The Chesapeake Bay , additional cost sharing burdens on Medicare beneficiaries, reductions in water infrastructure funding, and cuts to LIHEAP after one of the coldest winters on record.   “To put our nation on a healthy fiscal track, we need a long-term budget agreement that raises sufficient revenue to fund a government that promotes growth and controls the long-term costs of mandatory spending. Such a plan would be incomplete without changes to our tax code and consideration of health care savings already realized, as well as future reforms. A balanced plan that reforms our tax code, invests in America and reduces our deficit is possible with reasonable compromise. Compromise is not easy, but it is necessary.”
Tomorrow at 12:20 PM EST Ben will discuss the situation in #Ukraine with Dan Rodricks on WYPR. Tune in here http://wypr.org/listen-live
From Fort McHenry National Monument & Historic Shrine to Antietam National Battlefield to Assateague Island National Seashore - Maryland is home to many stunning natural and historic treasures. The National Park Service connects us to our rich past and allows us to share in a bright future.  "Almost 7 million people visited #nationalparks in #Maryland in 2012, generating some $217.2 #million in spending and 2,770 #jobs, according to the National Park Service."- The Baltimore Sun  
I am proud to announce that the President’s newly released budget proposal has increased funding for improving the Delaware River shipping channel.  This commitment to infrastructure investment promises to create jobs and invigorate the economy in Delaware and throughout the region.
The News Journal embraces Senator Coons' view on the situation unfolding in Ukraine.
Senator Donnelly welcomed the announcement today that the 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne has been selected to receive 18, F-16 Block 40 Fighting Falcons to replace the A-10C Thunderbolt II aircraft they currently fly and maintain.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Stonegate Mortgage Corporation announced plans to expand its operations in central Indiana and add approximately 400 jobs by 2017.
I discussed economic development issues with the San Bernardino County Board of Supervisors today. Very productive meeting.
The Army Corps of Engineers FY2014 work plan includes $6.3 million to complete the design of the Fargo-Moorhead Diversion. I have continued to work with local and federal officials to get this funding. Flooding is too often a reality in the Fargo-Moorhead region, and we need to do everything we can to protect North Dakotans’ homes and families from these devastating natural disasters.  
Proud of my Bismarck intern and member of Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, Danielle Finn, for being named a 2014 Champion for Change by the Center for Native American Youth. Her commitment to making a difference is inspiring and her recognition is well-deserved. I’m glad to have her as part of my team. 
I believe in an America where economic opportunity is open to all. But based on their actions and the policies they promote, the Koch brothers seem to believe in an America where the system is rigged to benefit themselves and the wealthiest one percent. 
Ninety-seven years ago today, Montana’s groundbreaking Jeannette Rankin became the first woman to serve in Congress.  Nearly a century later, we still need more Montana women, like our new Lieutenant Governor Angela McLean, to get involved in public service and make a difference for Montanans.
