•	Empowering individuals to make informed financial decisions is essential to our economic recovery.  Our country is stronger when individuals and families are able to pay their bills on time, maintain their homes, manage credit and build savings.
NA
Continuing his “I Work For You” tour, Joe toured the Vehicle Service Group facility in Madison and listened to workers’ suggestions on how to bring jobs to the Hoosier State. “Share” this with your friends and let them know Joe will fight for what’s best for hard-working families.
Today, Senator Donnelly began the “I Work for You” tour, a 4-day journey where he will reach out to Hoosiers and listen to what they want done to change Washington and bring some common sense to the Capital. Follow Joe this week and “Share” the trip with your friends here on Facebook. #WorkForYou
We hear you and we won’t forget you, Sandy Hook. Make the Sandy Hook Promise and honor the 26 lives lost one month ago today.
Spent a great day in Southside. Started the morning with a visit to Essel Propack’s facility in Danville, followed by a roundtable discussion on manufacturing at RTI, and ended the visit at the New College Institute. Throughout the day I discussed the importance of promoting additional growth and hiring by improving workforce training, increasing access to capital and reducing regulations.
A strange brew of profound sadness and hope at the kickoff of Sandy Hook Promise today.
Stopped in this morning to say thank you to the Newtown Bee staff as well as Newtown Police. Among the many heroes.
ICYMI – Here is video of ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos.”
"Very excited to be in attendance tomorrow morning for a great event in Portsmouth!" - JS 
Speaking to the Montana Legislature today.  My message: Join me in creating jobs and strengthening Montana's economy with common-sense policies.
Last Friday I was delighted to sit down with Matt Grubs for an in-depth interview on New Mexico in Focus. We had a great conversation about the fiscal cliff and my efforts to make the Senate operate better for the American people. Click here to view the entire interview from New Mexico PBS:
In great news for East Providence and North Providence, the Justice Department announced an extraordinary exception to allow both cities to use their Google settlement money to shore up struggling police pension funds.
  
 I spoke with Attorney General Eric Holder and he let me know that it would not have happened without the compelling case Senator Reed and I made regarding the economic stresses faced in Rhode Island and in these two municipalities. Read more in The Providence Journal: http://bit.ly/UZK0uQ
It is very disappointing that this bipartisan legislation has been blocked at the starting point of a two-year process that would allow Virginia voters to weigh in on a commonsense step already in place in virtually every other state.  Restoring voting privileges to people who have completed their sentences, paid their fines, made restitution and lived as law-abiding citizens is the right thing to do, and that’s why I made it a high priority when I served as Governor.
