As part of his travels to Vermillion, Fountain, and Montgomery counties on Monday, Joe visited the Beef House Restaurant in Covington for lunch. While there he met with several county Farm Bureau leaders to discuss agriculture issues critical to Indiana.
On Sunday, Joe attended services at New Mount Sinai Baptist Church and Marquette Park United Methodist Church in Gary with Mayor Freeman-Wilson.
Joe toured Kokomo’s Jackson Street Commons on Friday, a project designed to provide housing opportunities for homeless veterans in the Howard County area.
#ICYMI, Joe sat down with Amos Brown last Friday to talk jobs, the farm bill, and supporting our veterans. Listen to the full interview here. 
It is great news that many North Dakota homes have received heating assistance. But, after this winter season, we need to look at how the propane shortage happened and look at how we can prevent it from happening in the future. 
Excited to have 7 talented and enthusiastic interns in my North Dakota and Washington, D.C. offices this spring.  Interning gives students and recent graduates the opportunity to gain firsthand experience into how a U.S. Senate office and Congress functions. Students interested in applying for internships in my offices should apply here: http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships 
Share my petition if you agree that the Senate should give negotiations with Iran the opportunity to succeed before voting on any additional sanctions or other efforts that would undermine diplomacy. Add your name to my petition.  http://pac.petitions.moveon.org/sign/the-us-senate-should
The arrival of the long awaited mobile health clinic is an exciting and significant victory for our veterans in southern West Virginia who have gone without quality, accessible healthcare in their residential area for far too long. Showing our appreciation to the brave men and women who have served this country is something we should do each and every day. By delivering this clinic, we are paying tribute to those who have answered America’s call of duty. I especially thank my good friend, Congressman Nick Rahall, for always standing up for our veterans, along with West Virginia veteran Al Hancock, the VA, the Beckley VA center and all those who have tirelessly worked to ensure our veterans and their families have access to the care they need and deserve by bringing this much needed healthcare access to the region.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8a5335b1-58c6-43b9-aa2c-289d820fef3f
Our economy should work for everyone, not just the top one percent. Hard-working Americans deserve a raise.  Today, a new report by the Congressional Budget Office said that over 16 million Americans will receive a raise from an increase in the minimum wage to $10.10/hr. 97 percent of those people whose wages are affected will see them affected positively.   If my Republican colleagues have their own ideas for how to raise Americans’ income, we are ready and willing to work with them. I hope Republicans will seek to work across the aisle with Democrats on this issue instead of just blindly obstructing as they have done in the past.
For me, a key goal of immigration reform is about bringing and keeping families together -- like Edith and Brayham. I’m doing everything I can to make this happen.  At the end of the day, we have to get comprehensive immigration reform done. There are so many very tragic cases that need to be resolved, and that can only be done if we do comprehensive reform.  https://www.reviewjournal.com/news/immigrant-mother-son-reunited-thanks-new-policy
Did anyone get the new #KenBurns app? All the documentaries you love, just a little shorter & ready for traveling. 
Senator Shaheen will be hosting another telephone town hall on Wednesday, February 26th at 6:00 p.m. Click here to sign up by 6:00 p.m. on February 25th to receive a call:  http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/teletownhall/ 
NA
Senators Schatz and Gillibrand know that it can be tough for families to get by.  They're working on an “Opportunity Plan” to help American families succeed.  http://www.civilbeat.com/voices/2014/02/18/21208-creating-opportunities-for-american-families-to-succeed/
Too many hard-working families in Rhode Island struggle to pay rent and put food on the table.  And a full-time worker earning the federal minimum wage makes less than $15,000 per year -- well below the poverty line for a family of two.  That needs to change.  Thanks to everyone who joined Congressman Jim Langevin, Congressman David Cicilline, and me for today's roundtable discussion on legislation to establish a fair minimum wage.
The U.S. Department of the Interior is featuring Hampton's Fort Monroe on their FB page today! I encourage you to take this opportunity to learn about its incredible but little-known place in our nation's history.
