Good luck to National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg, the University of North Dakota alum headed to the International Space Station at 3:30 p.m. CT
Went to a powerful Memorial Day ceremony at the cemetery in Wing, North Dakota.
Right now, I’m in the Middle East on a Senate Foreign Relations Committee trip. After interesting discussions at the World Economic Forum in Jordan, I’m in Israel now talking about security and tensions in the region. 
 
 Today, America and Israel face a region in turmoil and increasingly complex and pressing threats. Check out what I have to say about these threats in a recent op-ed: http://bit.ly/Zr8y5W
If you live near Watertown and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff tomorrow during mobile office hours from 10am-12:30pm at the Watertown Town Hall Annex. And if you live near Southbury, my casework staff will be at the Southbury Public Library tomorrow from 1:30pm-4:30pm. All are welcome to stop by.
The Weaver High School baseball team had me out to practice with them today so I could warm up for the Congressional Baseball Game in two weeks. Terrific group of guys with heart for days
At Uretek, leaders in defense, aerospace, medical, and outdoor equipment manufacturing in New Haven.
Productive meeting with state manufacturing leaders to help forge and launch our new manufacturing compact for Connecticut
Joined by Jackson County Prosecutor and local Attorney General’s office, Claire highlighted recent investigations spurred by Missourians,  examining credit report accuracy and aggressive marketing tactics in the medical equipment industry
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 23 - Mercer County  Fact: Named for Revolutionary War Gen. Hugh Mercer and county seat Princeton is named for the battle where Gen. Mercer was killed  Recommendation: Visit the historic Town of Bramwell to see the beautiful mansions
NA
With the opening of the Manchester Vet Center, New Hampshire veterans now have a new facility to call their own. They have earned the right to quality, local care and deserve nothing less.
Touring the Smokejumper Center in Missoula.
