Please read and share my Huffington Post Op-Ed: "Our Planet's Primal Scream -- Is Anyone Listening?"
"We'd be in a much better place if people could see past their partisan division and try to be constructive."
I’m proud to have scored a 100 on the annual National Food Policy Scorecard. My commitment to healthy food policy remains strong. Legislation like the Stop Subsidizing Childhood Obesity Act would protect children’s health by ending the federal tax subsidy for unhealthy food and beverage marketing to children.   Check out the rating here—see how the entire Connecticut delegation measures up—and share. http://j.mp/1sXSeVB
Domestic violence doesn’t stop at physical abuse. “Emotional, physical and financial abuse often go hand in hand.” We must stand up for victims, we must address this scourge now. #dvam http://j.mp/1tQU661
The right to vote has been called the most precious of our rights, the ‘primary right by which all other rights are protected,’ however, over the past few years, legislation and court decisions at both state and federal levels have been slowly chipping away at this right. I am calling on Congress to act quickly to reaffirm the Voting Rights Act and put in place the necessary protections to guarantee all citizens the right to vote, regardless of race, national origin or language. When Congress reconvenes I will be looking at ways Congress can underscore and protect American’s most fundamental right, the right to vote.
A member of Joe’s staff attended the #RedRibbon march against drugs and violence in South Bend this morning.
Senator Donnelly’s Indianapolis office is currently experiencing technical difficulties with its phone system. If you need assistance, please call the Senator’s Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-4814. Thank you.
Senator Manchin hosted Senator Sheldon Whitehouse from Rhode Island for a tour of West Virginia’s energy facilities to demonstrate the state’s ability to utilize diverse energy resources. Manchin emphasized the importance of investing in the technology needed to provide cleaner power while also ensuring reliable and affordable electricity throughout the U.S.  As part of the tour, Manchin and Whitehouse toured the National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL) in Morgantown and met with experts to gather information about the facility’s development of ongoing technology projects, including carbon, capture and storage.    (Photo courtesy of NETL Multimedia)
FDR & Eleanor Roosevelt are buried here at Springwood, FDR’s long time home in Hyde Park #NYtownoftheday
At the University of New Hampshire’s (UNH) Manchester STEM Discovery Lab this morning, Senator Shaheen discussed the importance of education in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) with STEM Ambassadors.   “Initiatives like UNH’s STEM Ambassadors program put us on the right track for economic success,” Shaheen said. “Jobs in STEM fields are predicted to be the fastest growing occupations in next decade, and with continued investments and commitments to STEM education, we can make sure we have a homegrown talent supply that can drive our economy in the future.”  The STEM Ambassadors program offers a comprehensive approach to supporting students at Central and Memorial High Schools in Manchester while also engaging their teachers, family and members of the broader community.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1xhUpnt
Medicare is open for enrollment until December 7th.  During this time, beneficiaries can choose new health coverage plans for 2015, make changes to an existing plan, learn about discounts on prescription drugs, and take advantage of new benefits from the Affordable Care Act.  To learn more about how to enroll or make changes, please review this guide: http://www.schatz.senate.gov/medicare
The integrity of our elections is what preserves our democracy.  Efforts to undermine elections in Montana – whether by fraud or merely by poorly-designed experiments – must not be tolerated.
It was exciting to tour Thomas & Betts Corp. on Albuquerque’s west side yesterday. Thomas & Betts is a leading designer and manufacturer of electrical components and low-voltage technologies used to manage the connection, distribution, transmission and reliability of electrical power, and it has operated in New Mexico for more than 40 years.  The company currently employs 450 New Mexicans, and plans to hire more employees to fill good-paying jobs created through its investments in new technologies.  I’m proud to fight for policies to boost research and innovation, to strengthen New Mexico's manufacturing sector, and to ensure companies like Thomas & Betts Corp. can grow and add the good-paying jobs that middle class families need to get ahead.
Celebrating the reopening of RI’s iconic Rocky Point and the launch of my Instagram account today! You can follow me @SenWhitehouse.
