Today, President Obama posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor to Joseph Baldonado. Joseph was a Colorado native who died defending our country and his fellow service members in Korea. If you have a moment, this 9NEWS (KUSA) story about him is worth your time.
On Sunday, I will participate in my 32nd Caesar Rodney Half Marathon benefiting the American Lung Association of Delaware. Known as "the granddaddy of Delaware road races," runners from across the country will race against the clock on the scenic route in Wilmington. While the hills aren't easy, over 1,200 people are prepared to go the distance to fight lung cancer and child asthma in Runner's World Race of the Month. Hope to see you there!
I am teaming up once again with U.S. Senator Chris Coons and Congressman John Carney to host employers from across the region for a job fair at the Rehoboth Beach Convention Center on May 19 from 10 am to 2 pm.  Please share to help spread the word!
Communities across Pennsylvania have struggled with the increase in #heroin and prescription drug abuse. As these challenges increase it’s critical that Congress puts in place a commonsense approach to help families and law enforcement. Addiction is a truly terrible disease. Combatting the rise in heroin and prescription drug abuse will require all stakeholders to work together in a collaborative effort. I’m hopeful that Congress will take steps this year to confront this challenge.
Combatting Asian Carp is important to Northwestern Pennsylvania’s economy. Getting this right will protect the region’s tourism industry and play a substantial role in future economic growth. We need to work together on solutions that will stop the spread of Asian carp, which is why I’m urging the Army Corps to work with Congress and keep us informed of its progress.
Please share: Our next job fair will be Monday, May 19 in Rehoboth Beach!
Share this #GoodNews: Indianapolis was ranked No. 3 on Livability’s Top 10 Best Downtowns 2014 list. 
Happening today: The president will award Medals of Honor to 24 vets—six with California ties. Thank you for your bravery and patriotism.
Today I received commitments from the U.S. Postal Service to help improve mail delivery and service throughout North Dakota. While we still have a long way to go, these moves are steps in the right direction. It's good news the Postal Service is reading the stories I sent them from North Dakotans across the state who are facing problems with mail delivery from my Fix My Mail effort. 
Today I toured Blaise Energy in Bismarck to see their work to reduce flaring so we can harness more of the natural gas – and avoid wasting some of it – and use it in more homes and businesses across the state and country. Since North Dakota is experiencing unprecedented increases in natural gas production, it is great to see companies in our state working to make our energy technology even better. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=71ea5f0f-e31c-45f7-ab89-6dca0bcbc52a
I’m proud to salute Maryland high school students Albert Corvah and Kieran Murphy, who have demonstrated their leadership and commitment to public service as they continue their studies as delegates to the national U.S. Senate Youth Program. These young people are Maryland’s future leaders.
Enjoyed famous corned beef, rye & mustard sandwich today at Baltimore landmark Attman's Deli!
Claire's hosting public town hall meetings and other events with local leaders across Missouri this week to hear directly from Missourians on how to continue expanding job and business opportunities.  Beginning today, Monday, March 17, “McCaskill on Main Street” will bring Claire to communities across the state where she will hear ideas and concerns from constituents, answer questions, and give a firsthand update about her ongoing work in the Senate to boost jobs.
All Americans deserve fairness in the workplace. There is no reason to wait any longer to extend non-discrimination policies to federal contractors and protect millions of Americans from being fired for who they are or who they love. 
Visited the happy cows at Van Althuis Dairy in Sherburne, NY yesterday
"Women have made remarkable achievements and contributions to our country and economy ... but we have to do more, especially when it comes to supporting women entrepreneurs in New Hampshire and across the country."  -JS  Read about the women in business roundtable Senator Shaheen hosted at Hypertherm in Lebanon today. 
Senator Shaheen toured Red River Computer Company this afternoon in Claremont and discussed efforts to promote economic opportunities for New Hampshire veterans and veteran-owned small businesses. Shaheen highlighted the legislative package she recently introduced aimed at expanding veterans hiring and entrepreneurship. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1fFIVQo
Congratulations to Punahou School junior Matthew Shimura and Maui High School students Austin Michael Alimbuyuguen and Joseph Griffith for winning national awards at CSPAN’s StudentCam competition.  Their award winning documentaries examined some of our nation’s biggest challenges, including economic inequality and the need for a national clean energy plan.    http://hawaii.education.blogs.civilbeat.com/post/79601328855/three-hawaii-teens-among-winners-in-national-c-span
Today I sent a letter to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) requesting an update on its plans to implement a law I wrote with Republican Senator Bob Corker creating the burn pits registry. We fought hard to pass this law for service members and veterans who were exposed to toxic chemicals from open-air burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan. I'm disappointed that the VA has not yet created the registry or provided the public with timely info about its process. Our veterans, Congress, and the public deserve to know why the registry has been delayed and when it will be completed, and you can bet I'll be following up again so our veterans and service members can get important information and the right treatment.
Great article by Lillian Bowe in the Portales News-Tribune noting Gender Equality Month - a reminder that we still have more work ahead to achieve equality in the workplace. New Mexico's economic growth depends on the success of women, and I think it's common sense that women should make equal pay for equal work.    But today, New Mexico women earn $.80 for every $1 men earn, and we see similar imbalances across the country. I have been a strong supporter of the Paycheck Fairness Act and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act — just to name two — to erase that pay gap, which is holding back our economy and holding back middle-class families. And I've been proud to host Women's Career Success Conferences in NM to help women job-seekers learn networking and career skills and get advice on starting a small business. Read more from the article, and share with others if you agree - when women succeed, New Mexico succeeds.
In our prison system, costs have skyrocketed and populations have overflowed in recent years. But states like Rhode Island have shown that it’s possible to cut prison costs while making the public safer. I’ve been working on legislation to put the Ocean State’s success to use at the federal level, so today I was glad to hear from Rhode Island corrections officials, law enforcement, public defenders, faith leaders, and members of the community about how to reform our prison system nationwide.
Kicking off conversation at The Urban Farmhouse Market & Café in Richmond on student debt & keeping college affordable.
"Student debt now is north of $1 trillion, and it exceeds credit card debt... We've made it easier to get student loans, but nobody ever talks about how you're going to pay it off."
Less than a week to go until the Massachusetts Business Matchmaker event next Monday, 3/24! Watch and share my video message to small business owners across the Commonwealth, and visit my website for more information and to register: http://www.warren.senate.gov/?p=page&id=36
