HIV/AIDS shouldn't restrict people from gaining access to health insurance and thanks to the Affordable Care Act, they no longer do. Click here to learn more about federal resources available this #WorldAIDSDay. http://1.usa.gov/1k2LAX8
#CyberMonday is a great time to snag some holiday deals, but it is also a time when online criminals may try to fool you.   Here are some great tips from DHS on how to shop safely this season: http://1.usa.gov/18hOSAD
Senator Joe Donnelly donated his take-home pay for the 16 days of the federal government shutdown, worth $5,000, to ten food banks across Indiana.  Donnelly refused to take the salary he received while partisan gridlock had shut down the government, hurting Hoosier families and businesses, as well as our entire country’s economy.
Today’s decision by the Supreme Court – on Cyber Monday -- to decline hearing a case about whether states can collect sales taxes from online retailers reinforces why it’s so important that Congress pass legislation to level the playing field between local shops in communities like those throughout North Dakota and online retailers.  As North Dakota’s Tax Commissioner in 1992, I led the Quill v. North Dakota case and it has remained relevant as brick and mortar stores have been unfairly eclipsed by online retailers. Just last year, it was estimated that North Dakota lost about $15 million from the lack of sales tax revenue on remote sales, which could support local schools and infrastructure. This past spring, I helped introduce the Marketplace Fairness Act which would require online retailers to collect and remit sales tax, just like local shops are required to do.
Today I served lunch at Ruth Meiers Hospitality House in Bismarck. Every family deserves a healthy meal each day, and the holiday season is a great time to give back to our communities and help those in need.  Programs like the Ruth Meiers Hospitality House are possible because of the hard work and commitment of the regular volunteers.  What are you doing to give back this holiday season?
Senator Leahy Monday in Barre, Vt., joined Governor Peter Shumlin and the Vermont Foodbank at Central Vermont Community Action to discuss how the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) helps to ease hunger in Vermont.  A conferee in the Farm Bill conference negotiations, Leahy continues to fight to continue this vital assistance to Vermonters in need.
Senator Manchin shared a Thanksgiving meal this holiday with West Virginians at the Tiskelwah Center in Charleston.
Was briefed today by @NTSB about the #metronorth detrailment investigation w/ @SenBlumenthal
On one of the biggest online shopping days of the year, Senator Jeanne Shaheen is highlighting the potentially costly implications of online sales tax legislation and calling on House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) to protect small businesses from new compliance burdens if it considers the issue. In a letter sent today, Cyber Monday, Shaheen urged the Chairman “to exempt businesses in states without a sales tax,” such as New Hampshire, from potential new tax regulations. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/IBRB0V
During a visit to Children's Friend today, I saw firsthand how Head Start programs are making a difference for Rhode Island kids and their families. Thanks to Children's Friend & Head Start parents for leading me on today's tour and sharing your stories with me. I will continue to fight in Washington against sequestration cuts, which are hurting programs like this one.
Rhode Island's leadership on health care is a great example for the rest of the country.  I was so proud to hear from Lt. Governor Elizabeth Roberts and Rhode Island health leaders today about how their work to reform health care delivery in our state is improving care and lowering costs for patients. Our state’s leadership in this area will help make health care more efficient and affordable. http://bit.ly/1itmsxe
Congrats to #HRVA on today's Norfolk Amtrak station grand opening - will be great economic driver for the region.
