Tammy believes we should protect, not restrict voting rights. Sign her petition here:
At the groundbreaking of the new Post Exchange in Moon Township. This is a great victory for southwestern Pennsylvania military families.
Share this good news. The Washington Monthly College Guide recently gave high rankings to University of Notre Dame, Purdue University, Indiana State University, and Valparaiso University for their efforts at community service.
Share this good news with your friends. Indianapolis technology consulting company GuideSoft, Inc. is expanding its headquarters, creating up to 400 jobs within the next five years.
Excited to be part of the Workforce Development, Economic Development, and Education Summit at Northern New Mexico College in Española today. Education leaders from K-12 and higher education, businesses, Los Alamos National Laboratory, elected officials, and tribal leaders are collaborating on industry and educational partnerships and training programs that provide pathways for New Mexico students to secure quality jobs in the state.
My thoughts and prayers are with Glenn, Earl and the whole Pomeroy family with the loss of Myrtle, a smart, strong North Dakotan. http://www.times-online.com/content/myrtle-pomeroy
Here's a story from National Journal on Dakota Gasification in Beulah, ND.  This plant is such an important part of energy development in #ND.
In case you missed it, catch my interview with Chris Cuomo this morning where we discussed Syria http://www.cnn.com/video/data/2.0/video/bestoftv/2013/08/29/syria-chemical-attack-kaine.cnn.html
Great to see old friends & meet some new ones in Culpeper  today.
I’ll be on HuffPost Live at 5:15pm to discuss my concerns about US military intervention in Syria. Tune in live here http://huff.lv/1ck6HSF
Since the Administration first announced that it is considering U.S. military intervention in Syria, I've made very clear that I have deep reservations about the wisdom of American involvement.
“After a string of high-profile horror stories, alongside a disturbing new report exposing the staggering scope of the problem, public attention is now rightly focused on how to curb sexual assaults in our military. We can't let this opportunity pass. Congress has to get this right.  We approach this debate as Democratic women serving in a male-dominated Congress. We're senior members of the Senate and House Armed Services Committees, respectively. More to the point — one of us is a survivor of sexual assault, the other a former courtroom prosecutor of sex crimes. And those experiences shape our approach, and fuel our passion, to find the strongest possible reforms to achieve justice for survivors of these crimes.”   Read Claire and Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez's column in USA TODAY on their approach to combating military sexual assault.
Today I heard from the WV Manufacturers Association Chemical Industry Committee, Howard Monroe and West Virginia’s business and industry leaders. Thank you all for the productive discussions on our jobs, our economy and our future.
Pleased to join my good friend and No Labels co-chair Jon Huntsman, and West Virginia's business leaders for day two of the WV Business Summit at the Greenbrier.
Really impressed with Head Start students and staff at the Karen G. Bouchard Children’s Center in Woonsocket.  School readiness programs like this are a smart investment in our children’s and Rhode Island’s future.
Today's U.S. Treasury announcement recognizing same-sex married couples and granting equal federal tax benefits nationwide is great news! #progress
New Hampshire is expecting hundreds of thousands of visitors this Labor Day weekend! Enjoy the holiday weekend by taking a trip of your own or encouraging friends to come see all the Granite State has to offer.
I have been traveling across our state to meet with families and discuss the work that I’m doing in the Senate to protect Social Security and Medicare, make college more affordable, and create new clean energy jobs in Hawai‘i.  I am so pleased to meet with my friends and neighbors whose concerns and values I will bring back with me to Washington.
Yesterday, Senator Brian Schatz received the Hawaii Climate Champion Award from Organizing for Action, the grassroots arm of Obama for America. The group cited the Senator’s leadership role with the Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative and his commitment to the expansion of Hawaii’s clean energy economy as the primary reasons for this accolade. 
 
 “Climate change is an urgent, real issue for Hawai‘i and our nation,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “That is why as Lieutenant Governor, I led the efforts to expand our clean energy economy and reduce our dependence on foreign oil. I will continue to work with President Obama and my colleagues in Congress to build the clean energy sector, which would help to protect our environment, increase our national security, and create the jobs of tomorrow.”
Presenting Kent Rudolph and Mark Foster with the medals they earned but never received in service to our country. LIKE this post to join me in honoring Montana's and our nation's veterans.
Tonight my office is proud to host another Military Service Academies Night for students, parents and young adults interested in serving our nation. One of my duties as U.S. Senator is nominating outstanding young people from New Mexico to our nation’s academies, and if you are a high school student or recent graduate who is interested in serving our country at an academy, I urge you to apply.   Please join my staff tonight at The University of New Mexico - UNM Student Union Building, Ballrooms A&B, starting at 6pm. We frequently hold Academies Night throughout the state, and you can always contact my office for more information. In the meantime, learn more about the process by watching this video below, and share it with others who would be good candidates. Thanks to all those who serve – past, present and future.
The Treasury Department and IRS ruled today that legally married same-sex couples, no matter where they live or move, will now be treated as married for federal tax purposes. This is a great step forward for #MarriageEquality. It provides consistency and certainty, and follows the Supreme Court order to provide access to all of the benefits, responsibilities and protections under federal tax laws that every American deserves.
