NA
If you've suffered damage from the flooding, please register with FEMA for disaster assistance at www.disasterassistance.gov or call 1-800-621-FEMA. Please share this far and wide.
The fatal shooting at the Washington #NavyYard this morning is a senseless tragedy. I mourn the loss of life and offer my prayers to all who have been affected by this heinous act, especially the families of the victims. Our #Navy and their civilian colleagues work day and night to protect the American public. An attack on the people tasked with keeping this nation safe is beyond unacceptable. While we are still waiting to for a better understanding of the events to emerge, it is my hope that all those who were responsible will be brought to justice. I thank our Federal, State and Local first responders and law enforcement for swiftly and dutifully responding to this appalling attack despite the personal dangers. - Ben
The Affordable Care Act has and will continue to improve coverage for millions of Americans, including allowing young adults to stay on their parents’ health insurance plans up to age 26. On Oct. 1, Delawareans will be able to start enrolling in health insurance plans at www.choosehealthde.com, providing another opportunity for folks to find affordable, high quality health insurance. Stay tuned for updates and additional information. Below is a great article on how these changes will benefit young adults.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/young-adults-cant-afford-to-tune-out-obamacare-insurance-requirement/2013/09/13/65c60db6-19ad-11e3-8685-5021e0c41964_story.html
Today my thoughts and prayers are with everyone impacted by the tragic events in Navy Yard.  We owe a debt of gratitude to all those who serve our nation, in the armed forces, as civilians and as first responders. I commend the bravery on all levels of law enforcement in responding to this horrific attack. We will work to bring all those responsible for this attack to justice. I extend my condolences to those who lost loved ones today and my sympathies to the victims of this horrible tragedy. #NavyYardShooting
“My thoughts and prayers are with all those killed and injured during the tragic shooting at the Navy Yard today, as well as their families and loved ones.  I thank the police and other first responders for their efforts in assisting those in need.” - Senator Joe Donnelly
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
I mourn those killed today in Washington and send my thoughts and prayers to those grieving the loss of loved ones.
My thoughts and prayers are with all affected by the shooting at the Washington Navy Yard this morning — especially the families of those who died and the victims who are injured. I commend the heroic efforts of local and federal law enforcement officers who put themselves in harm’s way, and the bravery of first responders who rushed to the scene.
During Hispanic Heritage Month, we celebrate the countless contributions, achievements, and sacrifices of Hispanic Americans.  This month, we celebrate the countless contributions, achievements, and sacrifices of Hispanic Americans. From their long and proud tradition of military service, to the visionary leadership of César Chávez, to succeeding in business and in the arts, the Hispanic community has helped write the economic, social, and cultural story of America.  In New Mexico, the Hispanic community has been integral to enriching our state's history and culture. Hispanic Americans serve in every sector of our community and harbor a deep commitment to family and service, have an enduring work ethic, and a perseverance to succeed and contribute to society.  During this month, we also reflect on the challenges facing Hispanics -- challenges shared by all Americans -- job and retirement security, affordable education, access to quality care for seniors and veterans, and a broken immigration system.   I remain deeply committed to fighting for the issues that matter most to New Mexico's Hispanic community, and look forward to working in partnership to ensure the American dream is within reach for our children, grandchildren, and future generations.
Today offered not only an opportunity to talk to school administrators and officials about their school meals programs, but a chance to hear directly from the students – like those at Sunrise Elementary – who are actually eating them. These programs make sure our kids get good, healthy meals, helping enable them to focus and learn more while in the classroom. I helped pass a Farm Bill in the Senate that would make crucial improvements to school meals programs, and now it's time for the House to do its part. Giving our kids every opportunity to succeed should be a priority for us all.
As I work to strengthen school meals, I received input directly from students and administrators during a school breakfast and discussion at Sunrise Elementary in Bismarck.
Today at Fort Meade I helped cut the ribbon on a new state of the art Army Wellness Center that will help our military & their families  be fit for duty as the best fighting force & best family support they can be.   I also announced Fort Meade as a partner in the Healthy Base Initiative, serving as a model healthy base worthy of our military families.
Holding my breath for those at the Navy Yard, praying for the victims and their families on this awful day in DC.
NA
Proud that Military Times named Mountwest Community & Technical College best in the U.S. for veterans.   Read more: http://bit.ly/1aNKLSS
We as a nation will come together in support of the victims of this senseless violence.  We are all thankful for the courage and dedication of the U.S. Navy personnel who serve our nation, as well as the first responders who rushed to the scene of today’s mass-shooting.  Right now there are more questions than answers, but law enforcement will get to the bottom of this and every federal resource will be made available to ensure they do.
I am deeply saddened by the passing of Susan Farmer, who was a political pioneer, a dedicated public servant, and a successful CEO.  She gave her time and leadership to so many non-profits and community organizations throughout Rhode Island and was a real inspiration to so many.  She will be deeply missed, but not forgotten.
My sympathies go out to the victims of today’s tragic mass shooting at the Washington Navy Yard. We are all so thankful for the professionalism of our first responders who rushed to the scene. I will ensure that every federal resource is made available to support law enforcement and the military community and to bring those responsible for this terrible attack to justice.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on this morning’s shooting at the Washington Navy Yard:    “My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this morning’s shootings and their families.  While officials are still gathering information about this senseless act of violence, I am hoping that those responsible for today’s tragedy are immediately brought to justice.”  http://1.usa.gov/1659Ozg
"Sending my thoughts and prayers to the victims of today's tragic shooting at the Navy Yard in Washington, their families, and first responders." -BES
Cutting the ribbon to celebrate the launch of the REDI Middle-Mile Broadband Network (REDI Net), which will serve over 120 community institutions and thousands of end users in Rio Arriba, Los Alamos and Santa Fe counties. Photo courtesy of: Toby Kessler / Cimarron Images.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the Navy Yard shooting, the doctors who are working hard to help, and our brave first responders.
I was glad to join United Way members at their Congressional breakfast this morning, where we we had a great discussion about the delegation's work in Washington and how Rhode Islanders can stay engaged in the political process. Thank you to United Way of Rhode Island for the truly valuable work you do to improve the lives of Rhode Islanders.
Tragic incident at Navy Yard.  U.S. Navy has set up a hotline for families of workers looking for information. Call 202-433-6151 or 202-433-9713.
