Share & Like this post if you agree with Tammy's support of universal background checks for gun sales. From The Capital Times:
In an editorial, The Denver Post calls our compromise bill "an excellent starting point for action on immigration that is long overdue." We couldn't agree more.
NA
Yesterday was a very special day for me: Earth Day. As a young Naval Flight Officer stationed outside San Francisco for training, I attended the very first Earth Day celebration 43 years ago. Today, I treat every day like it's Earth Day by addressing our environmental challenges in the Senate. Watch this video to hear more about how far we've come and the challenges that remain.
Senator Coons spoke out on the Senate floor on Monday addressing the adverse effects climate change has on Delaware.
Tomorrow, Joe will give his first speech as U.S. Senator. Check back here soon for more details.
Congratulations to Westfield’s Shamrock Springs Elementary School for achieving a Top 15 honor in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star National Building Competition. By improving energy efficiency, lowering utility costs, and protecting public health and the environment, Shamrock Springs Elementary saw a 42.1% reduction in their energy use over the past year. Share this post with your friends, and let’s continue to pass good news to all Hoosiers across the state.
Today Senator Boxer and I introduced a bill to expand and protect the western boundaries of Yosemite National Park—a true national treasure.
Full maiden speech video. I discuss North Dakota, agriculture, energy, marketplace fairness, Indian Country.
In my 1st #Senate speech, I spoke about where I come from. It speaks a lot to what I believe & how I will vote.
Rest in peace, Marv Bossart. Spent many nights learning about the news of the day from him on WDAY TV News
Please tune in for my maiden Senate floor speech today at 9:15 a.m. CT. Let me know what you think. Watch here:
Today I questioned Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki on serious delays in mental health care treatment a Virginia veteran experienced due to a loophole in a website application form. I recently learned about this loophole from a Hampton Roads area veteran who had experienced a 10 month delay when he contacted the VA to seek mental health assistance. This is unacceptable. Once a veteran has asked for help, especially mental health services, a backlog of months poses serious risks. I've written a letter to Secretary Shinseki calling for the necessary changes to ensure this situation doesn’t happen again.
This has been a tough time for first responders. Firefighters, EMTs & local police were first on the scene when bombs went off in Boston and at the tragic Texas explosion. Today and each day we salute these brave men and women across Maryland and the nation who give up their time and their own efforts to keep us safe.  In Carroll County this week, I announced funds in the federal checkbook to protect our protectors working to keep us safe. New firefighting equipment means first responders will have the tools they need on the job when lives are on the line.
Heartbroken to hear of Ed Sheehy's passing. He brought Republicans and Democrats together to make Woodbridge a better place. My thoughts are with his family
Today’s court decision is yet another example of bureaucracy at its worst: One agency grants a permit, another agency takes it away and business suffers in the end. The federal government should be an ally, not an adversary, in helping to strike a balance between protecting the environment and creating good American jobs.   I remain hopeful that the merits of this case will show that the EPA has overreached in withdrawing the Spruce No. 1 Mine permit.  To read more, click the link below.    http://1.usa.gov/17gGLoB
NA
NA
Today, on the 105th year celebration of the United States Army Reserve,  I gratefully salute the brave men and women who have helped preserve America’s freedom. Thank you for serving our great county with unparalleled honor and distinction.
Today I proposed the Senate go to conference with the House to work through differences on the budget. Despite having called for such talks earlier, Republicans objected:
An inspirational story of courage and selflessness from Cameron Lyle of Plaistow, who is choosing to end his college athletics career at the University of New Hampshire  to donate bone marrow to help a man suffering from leukemia. Cameron, your willingness to sacrifice to better the life of a someone you have never known represents the very best of the Granite State.
Forcing Montana’s small businesses to collect taxes for another state insults Montanans and makes it harder to create jobs.  Click LIKE if you agree: http://1.usa.gov/17VpDpF
Kudos to the Atomic Flying Pickles of Los Alamos for their award-winning inventions featured at yesterday's White House Science Fair! I'm so proud of these young ladies for their interest in the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields. Like and share this post to wish them luck representing New Mexico in the First Lego League World Championships this week!
We need to level the playing field between our bricks-and-mortar, neighborhood small businesses and the big online and catalog retailers.  Virginia already imposes this sales tax on catalog and online purchases, but has no way to collect it.
“The continuation of the Task Force represents a strong, ongoing commitment from the Budget Committee to keep looking for smart ways to save taxpayer dollars by improving how our government works. This kind of oversight work typically does not generate a lot of headlines, but I look forward to working with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to find new ways to save taxpayer money.”
Thank you to the first responders, doctors, nurses, and everyone at Boston’s world class hospitals. We now have lost four people to this cowardly act of terrorism, but the courage, the strength, and the perseverance of our entire health care workforce helped save the lives of many at the Boston Marathon.
