From Senator Cardin's visit to the Social Security Administration in Woodlawn earlier today : 
 
 " Our Federal workers are once again under attack. There are some out there who want to reduce the federal workforce through the next 10 years. They are saying that for every 3 workers that retire, you can only rehire one. I'm not going to allow the federal workforce to be a scapegoat for problems they did not cause. Sequestration is a mindless across the board cut that we must try to avoid because it doesn't allow for priorities to be set.  We need approximately $1.4 trillion in deficit reduction, which I believe is achievable through a balanced approach that includes both increased revenues and decreased spending.  Furloughing our federal workers and across-the-board spending cuts do not make a lot of sense and will greatly  jeopardize our economic recovery "
Today we dedicate the new Chapel at Dover Air Force Base. This will be a place for family and community.
NA
Leading economists have warned of the massive impact that the sequester will have on our economy. Allowing these indiscriminate cuts to wreak havoc is inexcusable when there is an alternative. The American people deserve a balanced and reasonable approach that will protect middle class families and create jobs. Like most households, we have to make tough but smart decisions about our finances. Republicans and Democrats need to come together in a responsible way that will cut spending, sustain the economy and protect the middle class.
On February 18-20, 2013, Senator Joe Donnelly conducted a “Closing the Skills Gap Tour” next week where visited with employers, educators, and workers across four communities to discuss how Indiana could meet the need for high-skill jobs currently have gone unfilled. Due to the skills gap, an estimated 600,000 high-skill jobs across the country remain vacant. Following this visit, Senator Donnelly will advocate for Congress to pass common sense legislation that would create more effective training and educational programs for workers that matched the skills needed for these available jobs.
VIDEO: I joined Andrea Mitchell Reports today to discuss Syria, cybersecurity and gun safety. Watch HERE:
Read my op-ed and learn the truth about my assault weapons bill. There will be no confiscations, no registration. No legally owned weapons will be taken. None.
NA
Gave a speech about North Dakota energy to natural gas and oil producers today.
Had a blast catching up with my good friends at 107.9 The FOX
Joined Representatives Moran and Connolly at Reagan National Airport to speak about the impact of sequestration and budget uncertainty on workers across Virginia.
Sequester will have a devastating impact, causing ripple effects across our economy and costing the U.S. a million jobs we can’t afford to lose. We need a balanced approach to reducing our debt & deficit through tax reforms, strategic cuts to mandatory spending & credit for the hard cuts that have already been made.   The new White House sequester report details the real impacts in real communities with real consequences across Maryland and the nation.
The sequester is another sad example of governing at its worst. Congress must act fast to prevent devastating cuts:
This Wednesday, Senator Manchin will air live with WEPM's Hans Fogle from 8-10 A.M. If you are from the Eastern Panhandle and you have a question for Senator Manchin, send your question in a message or tweet him @Sen_JoeManchin with the hashtag #AskWVJoe. He will answer the top social media questions on the show. Don't forget to tune in.
Tremendously proud of Paul Moore of Bedford, New Hampshire, who is a Congressional Medal of Honors' Citizen Service Before Self finalist. As the leader of MooreMart, Paul has led a continuous effort to send supplies and care packages to troops, schools and orphanages. Senator Shaheen is pictured here with Paul (R) and Ted Luszey (L),  a MooreMart volunteer in November, 2012. Please "like" to send your support to Paul!
Senator Shaheen will testify before the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee tomorrow morning at 10 a.m. on the importance of continued bipartisan work on energy efficiency. Shaheen introduced bipartisan energy efficiency legislation with Senator Rob Portman last Congress that included several provisions that were passed into law. According to a study by the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy, by 2020 the Shaheen-Portman bill could save consumers $4 billion per year and help businesses add 80,000 American jobs
“We should have been able to deal with this earlier," Senator Warner said to CBS this morning. "I was part of the so-called bipartisan Gang of Six that said ‘let's do entitlement reform, with more revenues and targeted spending cuts.’ Limping from one budget crisis to another doesn’t do anything for this economy."  (staff)
