Happy Birthday to my good friend & wingman on the Senate Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs Committee, Dr. Tom Coburn! It’s been a pleasure working alongside you all these years.
I enrolled in a health insurance marketplace plan and I encourage you to do so on ChooseHealthDE.com before March 31. Many Delawareans will qualify for subsidies, but the only way to find out is to visit ChooseHealthDE.com.
Today is National #PiDay – 3.14 – Take a moment to celebrate mathematics and encourage #STEM education.
The New York Times agrees, it's time we #passtheABLEact.
"Raising the minimum wage is the right thing to do for our economy, our businesses, and our middle class, and I hope my colleagues in the Senate will come together to get it done this spring."
Senator Donnelly today presented the Bronze Star Medal to Vietnam veteran Michael Hodgson during a special ceremony with his family in Indianapolis. Hodgson, a Carmel resident, contacted Senator Donnelly’s office for assistance in getting his missing medal.
This week, Joe had the chance to meet Indiana’s two student delegates to the 52nd annual U.S. Senate Youth Program held this week in Washington. Congratulations to Justin Garrard of Lebanon High School and Eashan Kumar of Munster High School for their participation in this prestigious program.
Congratulations to Redding’s Debbie Sprague, who was selected as the 2014 Elizabeth Dole Foundation veteran caregiver fellow for California. 
Veterans deserve to have their voices heard. My bill improves voter registration services for service members. 
Congrats to the New Mexico Lobos and New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball teams on their wins last night. Wishing them good luck tonight!
I’m honored to attend a ceremony to welcome home North Dakota National Guardsmen and women of Detachment 42 later today in Bismarck. They make everyone in North Dakota and America so proud, thank you for your service. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f9a79a56-5785-48f2-bcbf-72cce98bf988
Looking forward to seeing North Dakota small businesses at a free forum I am hosting with US Export-Import Bank Chairman and President Fred P. Hochberg to discuss ways area businesses can increase sales abroad by finding new markets and customers and more. If you haven’t done so already, register here: http://www.exim.gov/gasb
Check out this story in the Dickinson Press on how I'm pushing for fair grazing access for North Dakota ranchers. 
Don't miss a very thoughtful Commonwealth Connection post by my staffer Karen, an Air Force Reserve Officer, on the Victims Protection Act and the other historic reforms we passed in the past year to combat sexual assault in the military.
Today, I joined a vigil to offer my thoughts and prayers to the millions of Syrian children, women, and men who have suffered three long years of violence and displacement. Alongside Senator Marco Rubio, I introduced a bipartisan resolution calling for a new strategy to address the humanitarian crisis in Syria.   Like and Share if you stand #WithSyria and the international community pushing for increased humanitarian aid.
Check out a climate change video exchange from a hearing I chaired yesterday.   I asked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's witness if climate change is real & caused by humans… but she didn't seem to want to directly answer.   BTW – I think the simple answer is: YES.
Congratulations to the Girl Scouts on 102 years of teaching leadership, comradery & community service to generations of girls! 
This week I met with leaders of the Aerospace Industries Association standing up for jobs in America’s manufacturing & innovation economy. By supporting manufacturers on the factory floor & assembly line, we’re promoting economic security & defending our national security.
Harassment has no place in the work place. I'm proud to stand with Senator Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.) in supporting the Fair Employment Protection Act fighting against harassment & discrimination in the workplace.
Claire's headed across the state next week and she's looking to hear from you about about expanding business and job opportunities for Missourians. We'll keep you posted throughout the week on all her stops. 
Disturbing that mortgage fraud not taken seriously by the Justice Department. It's time to end "Too Big to Jail." No one should be above the law.
Since December 28, Congress has left Oregonians looking for work out in the cold. Democrats and Republicans have come together to right this wrong. These benefits will help keep food on the table and a roof over the heads of struggling Oregonians and their families while they find work.
I was happy to be joined by Elizabeth Burke Bryant, Executive Director of Rhode Island KIDS COUNT, and other RI child care advocates today at the Beautiful Beginnings Child Care Center in Providence to discuss efforts to improve child care quality, affordability and safety in Rhode Island.  Ensuring working parents have access to high-quality, affordable child care is essential to our economy. For many families, child care is their single biggest household expense. Making child care more accessible and affordable for working parents and a safe, enriching learning environment for kids is a smart investment.
Success! Our persistence paid off. We've been able to reach a bipartisan compromise that will help Americans who depend on unemployment insurance. In Nevada alone, 26,000 unemployed workers would see their lifeline restored. I am confident that we will pass this 5-month extension of unemployment insurance sometime in the coming days. More than two million Americans depend on Congress approving this agreement.
In #NewYork, this is how we celebrate #pi day
It's crystal clear where the issue of immigration reform is headed, and Republicans have only two choices to make. They can either help pass comprehensive reform which will greatly reduce the flow of illegal immigrants, grow our economy by bringing in needed workers in high tech and agriculture areas, and provide a hard-earned path to eventual citizenship for the 11 million in the shadows, or they can sit idly by and watch the President greatly curtail deportations while 11 million continue to live in limbo here in America. The choice is clear; a reform bill has the support of liberals, moderates, and conservatives and all we need is the courage of the Republican leadership to make the right and obvious choice. -cs
One week left to pick the best photo of New Mexico in winter for our #ShowcaseNM contest. Vote now by "liking" your favorite from the album below, then share it with others. Your "likes" will determine the winning photos, which will be showcased throughout my social media channels for others to enjoy. Thanks to everyone who has voted so far - stay tuned for your chance to upload pictures in a future contest!
You've probably heard the saying - everyone complains about the weather, but nobody does anything about it. We know we can't make it rain in New Mexico, but we can improve our response to drought conditions that are putting immense pressure on our farmers and community water systems. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I've been working with communities across the state to improve our water infrastructures.   Click below for more information on recent funding I helped secure and new proposals I've introduced to make every drop of water count for New Mexico communities.
Visited Northern Virginia Community College this morning to thank #NoVa Mission of Mercy volunteers for the incredible dental and health services they provide to people in need.
On Monday, March 24th, I’m hosting a Massachusetts Business Matchmaker event at Roxbury Community College in Boston. This event will be a great chance for small business owners across the Commonwealth to connect with government agencies and contractors, and to identify new opportunities for partnership and collaboration. I hope Massachusetts small business owners interested in new contracting opportunities in the region will visit my website for more information about the event and to learn how to register. Please pass the information onto small business owners you know, and if you’re one of them, I hope to see you there! 
