We owe it to all our servicemen and women—veterans of all conflicts and wars—to recognize the incredible impact of post-traumatic stress and to continue to honor this country’s historic pledge to aid all who serve. Check out my new op-ed in the New Haven Register and share it with your friends. http://j.mp/1oAJpCc
I applaud The White House for continuing to support #NetNeutrality. Constituents contacting my office have been nearly unanimous in saying NO to internet fast lanes.    These fast lane agreements have the potential to stifle Internet users' freedom of speech and limit the creation of Internet based innovations. Network neutrality is critical for both the free flow of information and to promote innovation and economic productivity.
In honor of the U.S. #Marine Corps’ birthday, I want to offer my most sincere thanks to Marines past and present. For 239 years the Marine Corps and Marine Corps families have made innumerable sacrifices in defense of our nation.  The U.S. Marine Corps is one of the most revered and respected military units in history.  From the Battle of Trenton to the Battle of Iwo Jima, Marines have distinguished themselves as a matchless sea and land fighting force. Generations of Marines have endured conflict around the globe and at sea to ensure our nation enjoys peace and security. The title ‘United States Marine’ is and will always be synonymous with sacrifice, dedication and courage that is beyond reproach. As it was once said, ‘Some people live an entire lifetime and wonder if they have made a difference to the world, but the Marines don’t have that problem.’  On this 239th Birthday of the Marine Corps, on behalf of the United States Senate and the State of Maryland, I send my heartfelt thanks to those who have served and are serving under the banner of the United States Marines.
Happy 239th Birthday to the Marine Corps! And thanks to all who have served and those continuing to carry on the proud tradition of the Marine Corps today.
The backlog has been a persistent and inexcusable problem. We must take actions that are worthy of the valor and sacrifice of our veterans. Our nation’s heroes shouldn't have to wait for months or more for their claims to be addressed. It is unacceptable that some veterans in Pennsylvania have waited a year or longer to get their disability claims processed.  Veterans deserve a comprehensive and permanent solution to this problem, and this legislation will ensure we reach that goal.
Joe announced his 2015 U.S. Service Academy nominations today. See the full list at the link below.   “It is a great honor each year to be able to nominate fine young Hoosier men and women to our nation’s service academies. Each of these students have already made Indiana extremely proud in reaching this point, and if accepted, I am confident they will go on to make the entire country even prouder. Thank you to everyone who applied this year for your desire to serve our great nation.” –Joe
It was an honor to welcome home Hoosier veterans with Indy Honor Flight at Plainfield High School this weekend. -Joe
President of First Focus, Bruce Lesley, explains why my bill with Senator Rob Portman would help homeless children.
Last week I was joined by Congressman Raul Ruiz and Congressman-elect Pete Aguilar in commemorating the 20th anniversary of the California Desert Protection Act.  I also unveiled legislation to designate two new national monuments in the desert, the Mojave Trails National Monument and the Sand to Snow National Monument. Read more about the bill here: http://1.usa.gov/1prL25Z
For #VeteransDay the Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service are honoring our service men and women by waiving entrance fees.
It was such an honor to speak at the United States Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington for the 239th birthday of the Corps with many distinguished guests, including General Dunford, the Commandant of the Marine Corps. The Marines have played a critical role in defending the United States since the American Revolution and we remain grateful for their courageous service.
NA
So proud of Marylander and NASA astronaut Reid Wiseman for a successful mission aboard the International Space Station. The work being conducted is important for advancements in science and technology - inspiring future generations of astronauts and scientists. Welcome back to earth & have safe journey home.
Happy 239th birthday, United States Marine Corps. To all those who have courageously served, we thank you for your sacrifice.
Too many dangerous auto parts are making it on the road leading to too many recalls; time to improve safety screenings.
"Americans throughout the country gather on Veterans Day to thank the brave men and women of our military and to recognize their service to our nation. We honor the great sacrifices of those who have risked their lives to protect our freedoms and keep us safe. We thank those who are still serving today and we pay tribute those who have given their all in defense of our country and its ideals.  "New Mexico has a long and proud tradition of military service, and when our nation has called, New Mexico has always answered. While our veterans have bravely ventured where few would tread, few truly know the burden they and their families often endure. As we honor their service, we must always remember the debt which we owe them and their families. We have solemn obligation to ensure that our veterans return home to receive the support and the benefits they have earned. Keeping our promise to our veterans is a privilege I am proud to shoulder as a United States senator.  "When our veterans come home, they should get the quality health care they have earned, and they should not have to wait for it. That is why I strongly supported the Veterans Care Act, which Congress passed this summer and the president signed into law. The law allows the VA to fire senior executives for poor performance, eliminates bonuses that incentivized the cover-up of waiting times for appointments, and will help veterans to get care outside the VA if they need it.  "Many veterans living in rural areas in New Mexico and throughout the country also face unique challenges. I have introduced a bill to provide better care for veterans in rural areas by helping with transportation, staffing, and ensuring every dollar goes as far as possible for VA community clinics. None of our veterans - including over 6 million living in rural areas - should be left behind.  "I also continue to push Congress to renew and extend the VOW to Hire Heroes Act to help veterans transition their specialized skills to civilian jobs, and renew tax credits for businesses that hire unemployed veterans, and wounded warriors in particular. We are strengthened by the skills and talents of our veterans. This policy not only helps veterans to get good jobs when they come home, but also strengthens our economy and our communities.  "As a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Veterans Affairs, I will continue to fight for funding for veterans. Nothing I do in the Senate is more important.  "Our commitment to the men and women of our armed forces should be just as strong as their commitment to our nation. On Veterans Day, we remember the heroes among us and those who are no longer with us. We have responsibility to remember their courage and sacrifices not just today, but every day."  http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1792
Net neutrality is about leveling the playing field, and I am encouraged that the president has joined the call for strong rules by the FCC to protect the open Internet. I am working in the Senate to encourage broadband infrastructure investment in rural New Mexico to get out of the Internet’s slow lane, but allowing new toll lanes on the Web would change the Internet as we know it. New Mexicans have been asking me to ensure the Internet remains an open and fair forum. I continue to urge the FCC to issue strong rules that allow the Web to continue to be a platform for free expression, to promote innovation, and help online entrepreneurs compete on a level playing field with established companies.
Sometimes it’s the basics — like a hot meal and a warm place to sleep — that can give a person hope when it’s in short supply.  Thank you to the team at the WARM Center for showing Congressman Jim Langevin and me around your beautiful new shelter and soup kitchen, and for all you do to combat homelessness in the Westerly area.
The President’s plan for a free and open Internet is welcome news for all of us who have stood up for truly effective net neutrality rules. But this fight is not over yet - lobbyists and lawyers have been lining up to push back against strong net neutrality rules. It's up to the FCC to do the right thing and adopt the President’s plan as soon as possible so that a handful of companies cannot block or limit or charge access fees for what we do online.
