September is National Preparedness month. As Hurricane Sandy taught us last year, you can never be too prepared when it comes to a natural disaster. This month, I encourage everyone to sit down with their loved ones and come up with a plan. It can truly save lives. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlDsTf-K4W0&feature=c4-overview&list=UUKJISmkvK8tn0kFiCaIzUwQ
NA
Today marks the 66th birthday of the United States Air Force.  Though the youngest branch of the military, the history and heritage of the Air Force is even older than its official creation on September 18th, 1947.  From the testing of early aircraft at the dawn of the twentieth century, to the massive expansion in the role of airpower in World War II, to the brave men and women who serve today in Afghanistan, the Air Force has a long tradition of bravery, innovation, and excellence.  Join me in wishing the United States Air Force, and all those that have served within its ranks, a happy birthday!
Share this good news with your friends. This afternoon, Pratt Industries announced that it will invest $260 million dollars to construct a new 100% recycled paper facility in Valparaiso. The project, set to be completed by July 2015, will create up to 137 new jobs in the local community.
WATCH NOW: I’m hosting a Senate Cancer Coalition forum on innovative cancer treatment options.
At a Senate Banking Subcommittee hearing today, I urged the FEMA Administrator to keep intact certain flood insurance provisions that North Dakotans need. Many North Dakotans have gone above and beyond to implement flood-protection systems in their basements. After making such critical investments that not only better protect homes and families, but also safeguard our state's communities, they should not be lumped in with folks in other parts of the country who have not made these improvements. I know firsthand how important flood insurance is in North Dakota and I'm committed to making sure the program works for our state and that rates are affordable. Watch part of the hearing below, or read more at http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6f8b4db9-6bc2-4b6d-b59c-220bf38b72c1.
The Senate passed a bipartisan, comprehensive Farm Bill which I proudly support. But the House seems willing to throw it all away by taking out nutrition assistance programs which could derail passage of a long-term, comprehensive Farm Bill and put millions of farmers, ranchers, and low-income families at risk. We don't live in a country that rips food safety-net programs out from under children and families who need them. Today, I shared my concern on the Senate floor that can be viewed below, and you can read more at http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=0f5e703a-6f6d-41ad-a44f-beecc620c62d.
Too many North Dakotans have lost their homes to flooding. It is critically important that North Dakotans have the affordable, flood insurance they need to protect their homes and families. Watch the Senate Banking Committee hearing taking place right now, as I talk about making sure flood insurance works for North Dakotans.
I am honored to nominate Courtney and Bobby Williams, from Dickinson, as my 2013 Angels in Adoption.  They have made such a huge difference in the lives of so many children by opening their hearts and homes.  The Williams family is a source of inspiration and sets an example of true selflessness, commitment and love.  They are beyond deserving of the nomination.
As we continue to recover from Superstorm Sandy, we need to avoid another man-made disaster in the form of unaffordable flood insurance premiums for those who already lost so much.
 
 Today I asked the Administration’s top disaster recovery officials what we need to do to protect our families from rising flood insurance premiums.  We’ve got to come back stronger than before. 
 
 Read more about the hearings and check out videos here: http://1.usa.gov/15DyYm3
Great day at Spaceport Wallops! Launching cargo to the Space Station and jobs on the Eastern Shore. A momentous milestone for Antares!
Today I joined family members of gun violence victims from around Connecticut and across the country to mark 9 months since 26 lives were lost in Newtown. Over 8,200 people have been killed by guns since then. Enough is enough.     LIKE and SHARE if you agree.
Great to catch up with CT folks in DC this morning for coffee. Thanks to all who stopped by the office.
If you live near Clinton or East Haven and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff tomorrow during mobile office hours:  10am-12pm at Henry Carter Hull Library in Clinton  1:30pm-4pm at Hagaman Memorial Library in East Haven  All are welcome to stop by
Following-up on yesterday’s letter to the #Navy, today Claire’s demanding answers from top #government officials on the thoroughness of the #NavyYard gunman’s background investigation.  More: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1986
ICYMI: At yesterday's Senate Energy Committee hearing, I questioned Mr. Binz and expressed my concern for the future of coal under his leadership: http://bit.ly/18z25JM
After my conversations with Mr. Binz, I respectfully cannot support his appointment as FERC Chairman. I believe that his leadership will threaten the reliability of our electrical grid, irreparably damage the coal industry, cost jobs and impose higher energy costs for hardworking Americans  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1gzNkFv
Senator Manchin met with students from North Marion High School outside of the Capitol building in Washington, D.C. He answered their questions, listened to their concerns and talked to them about the United States Senate.
Happy 66th birthday to the United States Air Force. We salute all the dedicated airmen and women who proudly serve our nation’s Air Force at home and abroad.
NA
Republicans keep wasting everyone's time with votes on Obamacare repeal. Instead, we should be focusing on the reality of climate change. We are doing nothing about it.
Jim Kelly is here to talk about newborn screenings & research @HuntersHopefdn #billsmafia
Great to see so many farmers and friends from home in Washington, celebrating New York's strong agribusinesses!
This morning Senator Shaheen met with Air Force Secretary nominee Deborah James to discuss the impact of Pentagon budget cuts on federal employees, the KC-46A aerial refueling tanker at Pease Air National Guard Base, and ongoing efforts to combat sexual assault. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/17Kfko0
NA
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
If you have been affected by the molasses spill in Honolulu Harbor or have any questions or concerns, please contact the Joint Information Center at 808-842-5058 extensions 457, 458, 459 or email molassesresponsejic@gmail.com   http://www.uscgnews.com/go/doc/4007/1908385/
TODAY, Senator Schatz will host a constituent call on the federal response to the molasses spill in Honolulu Harbor at 12:15 pm HST/6:15 pm EST. Schatz will be joined by representatives from the response agencies involved with the spill. The call-in number is 877-353-4701.
Today, Senator Brian Schatz spoke on the Senate floor to highlight the benefits of health care reform.  The Affordable Care Act will ensure that Hawai‘i families and families across the country have access to quality affordable health care.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ke6gpI2XIo
Senator Brian Schatz will host a constituent call on September 18th on the federal response to the molasses spill in Honolulu Harbor at 12:15 pm HST/6:15 pm EST. Schatz will be joined by representatives from the response agencies involved with the spill.  The call-in number is 877-353-4701.
Monday's tragic attack shows once again that our background check system is broken, and months ago I introduced a bipartisan bill to start fixing the process. WATCH AND SHARE my interview below to help me press Congress to pass my bipartisan bill so folks like Aaron Alexis no longer slip through the cracks.
I was proud to join the RI Congressional delegation today to announce $949,593 in federal Drug-Free Communities grants for towns across RI. We must continue to combat drug abuse, particularly among younger Rhode Islanders. Here are the details: http://1.usa.gov/16d3L4Q
Stepped out of my Budget Task Force meeting to watch #Antares launch. A huge success and great news for the Commonwealth!
T - 1 hour! Best of luck to Virginia's own NASA's Wallops Flight Facility and Orbital Sciences Corporation today. Go #Antares and #Cygnus!!       #RocketNotToScale
Too Big To Fail is still a problem – today, the four biggest banks are 30% larger than they were five years ago, and the five largest banks now hold more than half of the total banking assets in the country. Visit the Boston Globe here to read my op-ed on important steps we need to take to make our families and our financial system safer.
