Senator Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Announce $110,000 Head Start Grant For  Cumberland, Maryland  Cumberland, MD – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski (Both D-MD) today announced that the City of Cumberland has received a $110,000 grant from the Appalachian Regional Commission for the #Allegany County Human Resources Development Commission (HRDC) Head Start Program.  The new program will serve 47 children ages 0-5 years old from households with incomes at or below 100% #poverty.   “From the very start, we need to give our children every opportunity to learn and succeed. Head Start programs work, helping students be better prepared for #school. They should be expanded wherever possible,” said #Senator Cardin. “Federal investment in the future of our children and their developmental success is where we should be putting our resources. Children who have participated in Head Start arrive at school better prepared and do better academically than #children who do not attend Head Start. #Cumberland and the region will benefit from this important partnership.”    "Head Start helps the children who are most in need to keep up with their age group in school,” said Senator Mikulski. “It gets children to the doctor to get immunizations or hearing checks. It provides nutritious meals for children who might otherwise go hungry. I'm a social worker. I've seen firsthand children whose lives were changed by a simple hearing aid. Programs like these can make all the difference in the world in the life of a child.”   "Head Start is a program that gives the youngest among us a jump start on learning.  #Education directly correlates with good citizenship, good jobs, and strong families.  This funding will help to prepare better citizens and is a direct investment in our community's youth,” said Cumberland Mayor Brian K. Grim  The City of Cumberland through Allegany County HRDC will be renovating an existing building in the 300-block of Seymour Street to support the new #HeadStart Program. The renovation of the Seymour Street property will remove existing blight, and will also place the new program centrally located to the participating families.    In addition to the $100,000 in ARC funds, state sources will provide $250,000, and local sources will provide an additional $200,000, bringing the total project funding to $560,000.
Donnelly Applauds Announced Production of Cummins Inc Engine for Nissan Pickup Truck.
Share this good news with your friends. President Barack Obama plans to appoint Indiana University Professor Emeritus Bruce Cole to a commission to oversee the construction of a memorial being built in honor of President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Headed to #Canada for a few days to strengthen energy ties and discuss #NorthDakota’s #energy production.
Keeping sending your favorite, original photos of North Dakota for my Facebook Cover Photo Contest.  Sent photos to press@heitkamp.senate.gov and they could be featured here.  Include your name and where the photo was taken.  I’ll announce the winner in mid-September so continue spreading the word!
Visited manufacturers at Hubbell Inc today in Shelton. Great products and jobs here show why we need to #BuyAmerican
Met with groups in Meriden about effect sequester is having on operations. Need to reverse this policy to prevent more damage
NA
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen joined Labor Secretary Thomas Perez, Senator Kelly Ayotte, Governor Maggie Hassan, Congresswoman Carol Shea-Porter and Manchester Mayor Ted Gatsas for the Manchester Job Corps Center’s ceremonial groundbreaking. Once complete, the center will provide low-income youth with education and job training to build successful careers in today’s economy. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/170prU3
In case you missed it: Yesterday Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Kelly Ayotte hosted a US Small Business Committee field hearing at Southern New Hampshire University’s College of Online and Continuing Education in Manchester. At the hearing, small business leaders and federal officials discussed opportunities to spur innovation in order to create jobs and grow the economy.  Click here to read more http://1.usa.gov/1d2FTt4
Thank you to the people at Kokua Kalihi Valley Comprehensive Family Services for a great visit last week! Watch Senator Schatz share a special moment with Nana Perpetua, who is 99 years old and a member of the Senior Program.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZ1P1GDZFa0&feature=youtu.be
MUST WATCH: Senator Schatz stopped by KITV studios this morning to talk Social Security, college affordability  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SQMyyWQLEA&feature=youtu.be
Montana's firefighters are working around the clock and risking their lives to keep us safe.  It's our responsibility to make their jobs easier by using common sense when we enjoy our outdoors.  LIKE and SHARE this post to help me support Montana's hardworking firefighters.
Great to meet Parker, rally pig for the Richmond Flying Squirrels. #gosquirrels #rva
Arriving for town hall w/ residents of #RVA’s Beaufont Health Care Ctr
Proud to help launch #NVTCveterans employment initiative today in #NOVA. It's incumbent upon us to turn words into action when it comes to helping vets.
Follow me on Instagram for photos and updates as I travel across the Commonwealth: http://t.co/e0ReerQjAR
