The Sixth Circuit’s ruling is wrong on the law and on the wrong side of history. -RB
Today was the 101st Return Day, one of Delaware’s long-standing traditions. The name of the event dates back to the time when people cast their ballots in Georgetown, the county seat, and then returned two days later to hear the results. It is always held on the Thursday following Election Day as a way to mark moving on and working together once the election is over.
“It’s stunning. In a town as wonderful as Connersville to have such a scourge is heartbreaking. We can’t pretend it hasn’t happened. What we can do is try to start knocking out all the root causes of it and then one by one by one trying to make sure everyone here has hope and has a chance.” –Joe in Connersville yesterday discussing the heroin epidemic with local law enforcement, elected officials, and recovering heroin addicts.
Yesterday I talked about a new bill, the California Desert Conservation and Recreation Act. The bill is designed to protect additional land in the desert and help manage California’s desert resources by carefully balancing conservation, recreation and renewable energy development. It will be introduced early next year.
It was great to celebrate the F-16 display that commemorates the long, storied history and remarkable service of the 150th Fighter Wing known as Tacos. The Tacos served our country bravely, and New Mexico’s Air National Guard continues to play a key role in our country’s military readiness and national security.
Congratulations to Minot Air Force Base for bringing home 12 competition awards from the Global Strike Challenge competition, including being named the best missile wing in the Air Force. These high honors support what I’ve always known – the men and women at Minot Air Force Base are top-notch servicemembers. So proud of their hard work and commitment to keeping our country safe.
On Tuesday, voters made it clear that they support anti-gun violence policies and candidates. From our own Governor Malloy in CT, to Governor Hickenlooper in CO, not to mention dozens of state and local legislators across the country. In Washington state, voters resoundingly approved a measure requiring universal background checks. Read my full post on what these elections mean for gun-sense policies, and share if you agree: http://bit.ly/1oto6T5
“We owe the veterans who have sacrificed for our country an unknowable debt of gratitude. One of the best parts of my job is helping honor those sacrifices and making sure we’re keeping our promises to our veterans long after they return from the battlefield.” - Claire   Read more about Korean War veteran Reverend Leo Hardin and his long-overdue Purple Heart: http://1.usa.gov/10Fxh84
As part of my Northern Panhandle tour, I stopped by Generations Restaurant in Wheeling yesterday to meet with organizers of the fifth annual Veterans Day 10K Race, which is set for tomorrow at 8:30 a.m. I strongly encourage all those who live in Wheeling and the surrounding areas to attend and cheer on the participants. This is a great opportunity to show your support for our West Virginia veterans.   For more information on the race, please click here: http://www.active.com/wheeling-wv/running/distance-running-races/veterans-day-10k-run-walk-2014
The bottom line is that FIFA can't have one set of rules and standards for the men's World Cup, which for good reason, bans the use of artificial turf, and the women's World Cup, which allows it.
"Congratulations to Janetos Market in Dover on its 90 years of business!"  -JS
In about 45 minutes I will be delivering a keynote address at Harvard to talk about the influence of money in politics. You can watch the speech online starting at 11:00 am MT / 1:00 pm ET.
This Veterans Day, your National Parks, National Wildlife Refuges, and other public lands are fee-free. These lands provide countless benefits for New Mexicans. They support jobs—thousands of jobs in New Mexico. They bring millions of dollars to our gateway communities. They are places to unwind from the daily grind, and to introduce children to nature. And for many of our veterans looking for solitude, adventure, or camaraderie, these lands have a true healing power. I've talked to combat veterans returning from tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, many of whom came home suffering from PTSD and traumatic brain injuries, who have found peace, solace, and healing on their public lands. Many of these returning veterans are fighting here at home to protect these lands, and I am proud to work with them in promoting responsible use of our natural resources.
Just like these Junior ROTCs from Coventry and Cranston East High Schools, we must all remember and honor our veterans. Proud to join them and Mayor Taveras at this morning’s Veterans Day Observance at the Providence VA Medical Center.
