This week marks the fourth anniversary of the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Since 2009, over 37,000 Pennsylvania servicemembers, veterans and military families have taken advantage of these educational and vocational benefits.  I am proud to have supported this law as it shows the commitment we must have to our servicemembers, veterans and military families.
On my way to Ames, Iowa for an immigration forum with Senator Tom Harkin. Watch here at 10 AM CT: americasvoiceonline.org/livestream
Share this good news with your friends. This week, Dr. France Anne Cordova was nominated by President Obama to be the next Director of the National Science Foundation. Previously, Dr. Cordova served as president of Purdue University from 2007 to 2012.
DOJ will now collect data on hate crimes against Sikhs, Hindus, Arab Americans and others. Senator Durbin and I first urged this after the Oak Creek shooting.
The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing titled “Strengthening Privacy Rights and National Security: Oversight of FISA Surveillance Programs.”  Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) has long called for strong oversight of government surveillance programs, and he recently introduced the bipartisan FISA Accountability and Privacy Protection Act of 2013, which would add important reforms and improve certain provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act and FISA Amendments Act.   The video below includes excerpts of Sen. Leahy’s sharp questioning of Deputy Director of the National Security Agency John C. Inglis on accountability and responsibility for recent security lapses.  You can also read Sen. Leahy's opening statement below.
Today I joined Senator Blumenthal, police & advocates to announce a new bill to help reduce gun deaths in domestic violence situations
NA
Visiting the drop-in homeless center in Bridgeport this morning. It's a critical resource in the community here
Claire and Senator Kelly Ayotte joined PBS NewsHour last night to talk about why their historic #military sexual assault reforms will increase reporting and better protect victims.
Click to watch Senator Shaheen's remarks yesterday on the Senate floor on her bipartisan energy efficiency legislation that will strengthen our economy by reducing energy costs for businesses and consumers.
28 years ago this couple went to Newport City Hall in Rhode Island to get a license for their business. Today, after 41 years together, they were finally able to go back and apply for their marriage license. Congratulations to this couple and to all the couples who got married in Rhode Island today!  I'm so glad to see marriage equality go into effect today in the Ocean State.  #MarriageEquality #RhodeIsland
You're invited to this year's Virginia Young Professionals Summit on September 6 and 7 in Norfolk. This summit will provide a forum for our next generation of leaders from across the Commonwealth to connect, build relationships and share ideas about how to move Virginia forward. REGISTER HERE: http://warner.senate.gov/ypsummit  #VAYPS2013
