The Farm Bill supports a vital industry in Wisconsin. Tammy is glad to see the bipartisan legislation pass in the Senate. “The Farm Bill makes important investments in our rural communities and supports an industry critical to our state's economy."
Check out this Tumblr post with an updated map of the Colorado wildfires. You can find detailed information by clicking on different points on the map. There is also important information about dealing with wildfire smoke.
In 1777, the Second Continental Congress honored the 13 original States by establishing our nation’s flag with the design comprised of 13 stars and 13 alternating red and white stripes. Since our nation's founding, the Stars and Strips have come to symbolize America's strength, unity, and liberty.  
 Maryland has a special place in our nation’s history because it is the birthplace of our nation’s flag and Pause for the Pledge originated in Baltimore in 1980. Five years later, President Reagan signed a law recognizing Pause for the Pledge as part of the National Flag Day ceremonies.  Now, every June 14th at 7 p.m., Americans across the country pause to recite the Pledge of Allegiance.  
 As we celebrate Flag Day and National Flag Week, we honor our nation’s rich history and traditions and pay special tribute to all that our flag represents, including the principles of justice, equality and liberty.  Flag Day and Pause for the Pledge gives us an opportunity to reflect on these core beliefs and to celebrate the ideals that the symbol of our nation represents to all Americans and to people around the world.   
 During Flag Day and National Flag Week, we also honor the men and women who are members of our Armed Forces, and who are called upon to carry our flag into battle.  We can never forget their dedication and sacrifice to keep us safe. By flying the flag, we thank them for their service and reaffirm our commitment to keep America strong and free.
Today's event was a great opportunity for business leaders to expand their network. Thank you to the Small Business & Technology Development Center and PTAC for all of your hard work to put this event together.
In Lancaster to push for passage of my new, bipartisan small business jobs bill.
Today, June 14th, is an important day in our nation’s history.  On this day in 1775, the Continental Congress, which met in Philadelphia, created our Army when it authorized the enlistment of riflemen to serve the colonies. Two years later in 1777, the Continental Congress would adopt the flag of the United States, which according to tradition, was created by Betsy Ross, a fellow Pennsylvanian.  On this profound day of significance for our nation, I wish the United States Army a happy 238th Birthday and every citizen a happy Flag Day. As a Pennsylvanian, I am proud to say that both these events have their origins in our state.
Share this piece of good news with your friends. Today, the Indiana Fever and DePauw University Women's Basketball team met President Barack Obama in celebration of each of their championships. The Fever took home the WNBA championship in 2012 while the DePauw Tigers went 34-0 to claim the NCAA Division III Championship. Both teams were able to get a photo with the President. Below is the President standing with the Indiana Fever.
During the Senate Armed Services consideration of the annual defense authorization, Senator Donnelly made progress on improving military suicide prevention. Senator Donnelly also pushed to give more consideration to the cancellation of reserve component deployments, citing the story of the Indiana National Guard.    Seven of Senator Donnelly’s amendments were included in the defense bill.  Read about these amendments and other provisions in the bill of interest to Indiana, here.
Last night, Joe played in the Congressional Baseball Game, wearing his University of Indianapolis jersey.  Proceeds of the game went to various DC charities.  Tim Reithmiller, recent Taylor University graduate and Fort Wayne native, took this great photo of Joe at the plate.
As we mark Flag Day, let us remember and celebrate the freedoms our nation’s stars and stripes represent and honor those who protect these rights here and overseas every day. –Joe
It's been six months since the tragic shooting at Newtown, and one week since five were killed at Santa Monica College. It's time to get weapons of war off our streets.
The message is clear: We must do more to prepare for increasingly harmful dry years by capturing more water in wet years. In short, California needs a lot more water storage – and we need it now.
Receiving a briefing on the Tres Lagunas & Jaroso fires from USFS District Forester Steve Romero in Pecos. #nmfire
It was reaffirmed today we must avert the near-term student loan interest rate increase & also work on a long-term solution to address student loan debt.
At The University of North Dakota with students, faculty, and parents discussing student loans. As one who used them to pay for school, I know how important they are!
En route to Grand Forks. Can't wait to see the talented young women at North Dakota Girls State!
Very pleased that the Senate has adopted my resolution to raise awareness about PTSD.
Ryan Crocker is one of our most respected, battle-worn diplomats.  On Syria, we should listen to him. http://www.npr.org/2013/05/20/185596314/former-u-s-ambassador-dont-go-into-blind-to-syria
Marking 6 months since the Newtown tragedy w Senator Blumenthal in Hartford by talking about need to pass common sense gun reform
Great visit to Cigna in Bloomfield this morning. Employing 4000 Nutmeggers.
Happy Flag Day and a Happy 238th Birthday to our nation's Army! Thank you to all who serve.
NA
Bridgeport native Jeanette Nelson has always dreamed of winning the world’s biggest cooking competition, the Pillsbury Cook Off.  Now, Jeanette has cooked her way to the semifinals and she is determined to be the first winner to represent West Virginia. A grand prize of a million dollars could be hers if she wins overall.     Let’s rally and help a fellow West Virginian's dream come true. Vote for Jeanette and her Sweet Chili Chicken Sliders here before June 27th.   http://www.pillsbury.com/BakeOff/Voting-Home/Voting-Gallery
Today, I am thankful to celebrate both the 238th birthday of the U.S. Army and Flag Day with fellow West Virginians.
 
 I urge all West Virginians to join me in celebrating Flag Day – by displaying the flag, our most enduring symbol, representing the unity of our people and the cause of liberty and justice for all.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 6 - Pleasants  Fact: Pleasants county is one of the smallest counties in West Virginia and was named after Virginia’s governor, James Pleasants.   Recommendation: Stop to see the Cain House in Saint Mary’s. This was one of the town’s first buildings and was built by the town’s founder, Alexander Creel.
Fairness must be the law of the land!
No one should face discrimination in their workplace based on sexual orientation. It’s time to make fairness the law of the land. That is why I am co-sponsoring ENDA, and I will do everything I can to ensure that it passes the Senate.
Flag Day is an opportunity to honor one of the world’s most powerful symbols of liberty and freedom – the American flag. Today, I join all Americans in honoring our Stars and Stripes, and the ideals of freedom and democracy that it so powerfully represents.
Saying thank you to all who have served our country today on the 238th birthday of the The U.S. Army. 
I had the opportunity to meet with a group of Stevensville High School Yellow Jackets this week.  I always enjoy meeting young Montanans because they ask tough questions and truly care about the issues that affect our state.
NA
Proud to report that the Senate Armed Services Committee has incorporated our proposals to strengthen military whistleblower protection laws to ensure that victims of sexual assault and other misconduct are protected from retaliation.
