In light of the intelligence briefing I received today as well as public remarks by both the President and Secretary Kerry, I have no doubt that Bashar al-Assad has used chemical weapons against his own people. It is evident that his regime crossed more than a red line. Last November, I called for a more assertive approach to the conflict in Syria because I believe the Assad regime is a threat to both regional stability and the United States' broader national security interests. Every day that Assad remains in power helps Iran and Hezbollah who plot against the United States and its allies every day. Taking action now will certainly be more difficult than it was last year, but I believe that it is in the US national security interest to respond to this most recent chemical attack. I also believe that all aspects of our Syria policy should be thoroughly debated. I appreciate the Administration's efforts to consult with Congress about the situation as we collectively assess our response.
PHOTO: Earlier, Senator Donnelly visited Goshen's VA Outpatient Clinic where he observed firsthand the services the facility provides to area veterans.
In case you missed it: Donnelly Completes “Serving Those Who Serve” Defense Jobs Tour.
Just ran into Erminio Martinez having breakfast at the Quality Inn in Taos.  Erminio is a real leader in the preservation of land and culture in Taos County.  Now I'm refueling with a cup of coffee and headed through the Sangre de Cristo Mountains to Cimarron.
Best way to end a busy day in northern New Mexico yesterday...a green chile and pepperoni pizza at Taos Pizza Out Back!
Coal is a reliable, affordable energy source and a key part of any solution to North American energy independence and security. This week, I was in Canada and visited a plant with innovative carbon capture and storage technologies with Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall.
Today I visited the largest coal-fired power station with a carbon capture and storage system which is in Saskatchewan.  The work being done at the SaskPower's Boundary Dam plant is an example of how Canada has invested in innovative technologies and how the U.S. can find a viable path for coal and coal-fired power.
NA
Yesterday I had the opportunity to meet with entrepreneurs and supporters of the startup community in Connecticut. The value of small businesses and startups to Connecticut's economy cannot be understated. Startups generally create about 3 million jobs across the country each year, and help current businesses and organizations grow. Was great to meet with them in advance of Startup Across America Day
I am deeply concerned by the use of chemical weapons in Syria against innocent people, but after over a decade of war in the Middle East, there needs to be compelling evidence that there is an imminent threat to the security of the American people or our allies before any military action is taken. I do not believe that this situation meets that threshold. I implore the President to immediately call Congress back to Washington and engage in a serious debate on this issue before any military action is taken.  http://1.usa.gov/17sVAYq
I am so proud of Toyota for today's announcement. Toyota's steadfast commitment to West Virginia is truly remarkable and their loyal, dedicated team members produce top quality products. With our affordable energy, abundant resources, talented workforce, and a government that treats employers as partners, West Virginia is the perfect place to do business.
Met the Rizzi family at the Hicksville train station on their way to see Annie. We need to keep LIRR trains running on time for all our LI commuters and travelers.
It's clear that the sequester is hurting Rhode Islanders. Thank you to everyone who shared their personal sequester stories with Senator Jack Reed and myself at our listening session in Providence. I will take your stories back to the Senate and continue to fight for the balanced approach to deficit reduction that Rhode Islanders deserve.
