Incredible read from Scott Ellman—student at Wesleyan—about rape culture on college campuses, his effort to combat it, and Wesleyan’s own evolution and progress in making a broader culture change on their own campus.   I’m continuing to work with my colleagues in the Senate, including Sens. McCaskill and Gillibrand, to enact legislation that would ensure a safe campus for all students and provide victims of sexual assault with fair and impartial investigations.  Read and share: http://j.mp/1oLA7yw
These two maps show just how critical my domestic violence gun legislation would be to so many families throughout the United States. The first map shows that “as of yet, just nine states entirely prohibit anyone subject to a TRO from owning guns.” The second shows the states in which domestic violence gun bans don’t apply to all partners, because “people convicted of a domestic-violence offense against partners that they've never been married to, cohabitated with, or had a child with are not banned from possessing guns.”  Read the article in full: the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act would not take guns away from law abiding citizens, it would restrict gun access for those who are under TRO, and extend existing domestic-violence provisions to dating partners. It would protect thousands of women and families.   The recent shooting in Houston was tragic, and the question of the legality of the alleged perpetrators access to guns is still open, but there are many tragic shootings that occur every day which this legislation could help prevent.  Read and share: http://j.mp/1tv8yA0
Congrats to Don Scott on his retirement after 40 dedicated years of journalism at WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore. All the best!
So proud the Senate approved my legislation to create two national historical parks to honor the life of Harriet Ross Tubman, the most famous “conductor” on the Underground Railroad.  Harriet Tubman was a true American heroine and patriot, for whom liberty and freedom were not just ideas, but represented a real struggle for human rights. One hundred years after her death, we are properly honoring the legacy of this remarkable woman’s life, work, and contributions to our nation’s history.  The National Historical Park in New York will be located in Auburn and commemorates the later years of Tubman’s life where she was active in the women’s suffrage movement and established a rest home that provided for the welfare of aged African Americans. The National Historical Park in Maryland will trace Tubman’s early life on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, where she was born and later escaped from slavery to become one of the leaders on the Underground Railroad.
"Discriminatory laws and rules based on outdated fears should have no place in this country."
New report details the dangers of climate change inaction.
Percentage of Californians without health insurance has been cut in half since health care reform. 
Today, I joined DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson in touring the recently established temporary facility for undocumented parents and their children at the FLETC campus in Artesia. The safety and well being of the families must remain a priority while these cases are processed. From combating gang violence and human trafficking to strengthening security and human rights programs, it is important to address the root cause of the concerning increase in migration from Central America. We are a nation of laws, but our immigration system is broken and must be fixed.
Visiting with Artesia Chamber of Commerce, which has been helping collect donations for families fleeing dangerous areas in Central America. The community has been really amazing in the effort.
Met with the new Minot State University President Steve Shirley today to hear his ideas and goals to educate and empower North Dakota’s talented young students.
North Dakota will receive more than $375,000 in federal funds to help provide services for veterans living in rural communities by coordinating transportation services to VA facilities. Making sure all veterans across North Dakota – including those in rural areas – have full access to services is a must. I’ll continue to seek innovative approaches to help veterans who don’t live close to VA facilities get the support and care they deserve.
The Senate Appropriations Committee Thursday afternoon held a hearing on the President's emergency supplemental appropriations request to address the humanitarian crisis of unaccompanied children arriving along the Southwestern border.  Witnesses include Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson.  The President's request includes $3.7 billion for the protection of the health and safety of these children, detention and enforcement at the border, final resolution of immigration cases, and deterrence efforts in Central America to prevent families from sending their children on these often highly dangerous journeys.  Leahy is the panel's most senior member and also chairs the Judiciary Committee, which oversees immigration law and agencies.  Last year, Leahy steered the bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill through the Judiciary Committee and its strong approval by the full Senate.  
I've joined with Senator John McCain and other bipartisan Senators to call on the Defense Department to release surplus military equipment to firefighters responding to natural disasters. First responders put their lives on the line to protect lives and communities. We have a responsibility to protect our protectors with the tools they need. Ensuring states have the needed equipment to respond to disasters through surplus military equipment is common sense. It saves money & saves lives.  
What a great morning to celebrate the opening of the KIPP Victory Academy in St. Louis. The school will open this fall in partnership with St. Louis Public Schools and Washington University. Claire was honored to be a part of today's ceremony.
Today I was proud to join 200 veterans and supporters in Huntington for the 96th Annual West Virginia American Legion State Convention. Congratulations on 96 years of service to our state, our nation and our veterans.   Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d79c788a-4c1f-4fd6-9ca7-1b9d28f64873
West Virginians, if you haven't cast your vote for the West Virginia State Police cruiser in the Best Looking Cruiser Contest, I encourage you to do so before July 15. We're neck and neck with the Ohio Highway Patrol for the win. To vote, just "Like" the photo of the West Virginia cruiser, and please remember to share it on your own page.
Glad to see the Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance has endorsed immigration reform. We need the House Leadership to act on this for many reasons -- one of which is that it's good for business. 
The internet in the 21st Century is as important to our future as highways were in the 20th Century. Like a highway, the internet must remain free and open for all; not determined by the highest bidders. This is vital for jobs, commerce, innovation and a prosperous future for America. The startup industry that has grown to employ hundreds of thousands of people was enabled by an open internet.  Title II reclassification is the best way to for us to preserve the internet as an unfettered tool for communication and the sharing of ideas, which is why I am signing onto Senator Edward J. Markey's letter to FCC Chairman Wheeler. Protecting net neutrality is one of the most important issues before Congress and FCC Chairman Wheeler should listen to those of us who have voiced our strong support of this approach. –cs
Montana’s Tejay van Garderen has had a rough first week at the Tour de France.  But Montanans fight through – and we know how to climb and pick up time in the mountains.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in wishing Tejay a strong rest of the race.
We’re in the home stretch of our spring #ShowcaseNM photo contest. Vote now by “liking” your favorite photos of New Mexico, and share with others so they can vote too. The total number of your "likes" on each photo will determine the winners, which will showcased throughout my website and social media channels for others across the state to see. Thanks again to everyone for participating!
The VA’s handling of the recent tragic death of a veteran in Albuquerque is appalling, and underscores the need for new leadership to correct poor management at the VA in New Mexico as soon as possible. This week I joined all of the members of our congressional delegation in urging the VA to respond promptly to our concerns and requests for more information so we can ensure our veterans receive the quality, timely care that they have earned. I'm going to keep pushing the VA to do right by our veterans and to restore the public’s confidence in its ability to provide them proper care.
VIDEO: It’s time to get secret money out of politics. This isn’t a partisan issue. This isn’t Republican versus Democrat. This is big money, billionaires, and big corporations versus regular voters. Let’s not pretend anymore that we don’t have a problem in this country of anonymous, dark money shutting down real debates. And let’s not pretend this is an issue of taking away first amendment rights. bit.ly/1oKYE6G
Huge honor to present 95-year-old Ralph Kuethe with long overdue Silver Star from WWII. So grateful for heroes like him.
Incredibly honored to present Silver Star to 95-year-old World War II veteran Ralph Kuethe, 70 years after his heroic service. So grateful we were able to help him get it!
