Today is the 78th anniversary of #SocialSecurity. LIKE if you agree with Tammy that we need to protect, not privatize Social Security!
ICYMI: Tammy knows small businesses are the key to a growing #economy. Check out her plan here:
Saddened to hear about the passing of Jack Germond. He was an incredibly talented journalist with the The Baltimore Sun and other publications. He was dedicated to getting to the bottom of a story and providing readers with the facts they needed to form an opinion. Great journalist, great person, he will be dearly missed.
Thanks to Sarah and Chris for taking such great care of me while I donated blood for the Summer Blood Challenge at the Blood Bank of Delmarva.
Like and share this graphic from The White House to help spread the word about how the Affordable Care Act is actually helping Delawareans and millions of Americans afford health insurance.
We must preserve funding for medical research - it saves lives and creates jobs.
Holding detainees on an island off U.S. shores for years — without charge — is an abomination. It is not an effective administration of justice, does not serve our national security interests and is not consistent with our country's history as a champion of human rights. It is time to close Guantanamo.
For 78 years, generations of seniors have been able to live independently and with dignity because of the safety net provided by #SocialSecurity.
Thanks to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) Chairman Martin Gruenberg for coming to North Dakota today to meet with bankers in the state.  We talked about the importance of local and community banks to helping small businesses and communities thrive.  It was a great opportunity for Chairman Gruenberg to hear firsthand from our community bankers.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=5307383f-7a88-402e-abd4-ed970722d69d
I am working to find a bipartisan solution to reverse the damaging effects of the sequester, including the harmful cuts to NIH funding. There’s absolutely no reason why Republicans shouldn’t be able to support funding for life-saving cures and treatments.
New Hampshire’s congressional delegation announced today that the President has signed into law their bill renaming the Boston Air Route Traffic Control Center in Nashua in honor of Patricia Clark.  Clark has worked as an Administrative Assistant at the facility since it first opened in 1963.  The New Hampshire delegation worked together to pass legislation in the Senate and the House of Representatives to rename the control center in her honor, and the bill officially became law on Friday, August 9th.   “Over the course of her career, which spans five decades, Patty has shown an unparalleled dedication to public service.  We’re incredibly proud of her, and this is a fitting tribute to her extraordinary service to our state,” said Shaheen, Ayotte, Shea-Porter and Kuster. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1cCPfwl
Jack Germond was an amazing talent, an incredible reporter, and most of all, a great friend. He was one of the greatest political journalists our country has ever known and I was very sorry to hear of his passing. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Alice, their entire family and everyone who was lucky enough to call him a friend. http://1.usa.gov/16QgpL0
Senator Shaheen issued the following statement welcoming the Pentagon’s decision to extend benefits to same-sex spouses of uniformed service members and Defense Department employees.   “Every individual who serves in uniform deserves access to the benefits that they’ve earned. While the Pentagon’s decision is a big win for fairness and equality, the fact is that more needs to be done.  Until the Department of Veterans Affairs issues a similar announcement, I will continue to push forward the Charlie Morgan Act so that veterans and their families also enjoy the benefits they have rightfully earned and deserve.” http://1.usa.gov/14LGn1M
“Social Security is the most successful antipoverty program in United States history--we need to be enhancing it, not undermining it.” -BES  On the 78th Anniversary of Social Security, read and share Senator Schatz and Senator Harkin's op-ed on enhancing and strengthening the program.   http://www.staradvertiser.com/editorialspremium/guesteditorialspremium/20130811_Making_wealthy_pay_more_would_allow_Social_Security_to_expand_benefits.html?id=219080541
Great to visit the Molokai Community Health Center. Mahalo to the providers and staff for their dedication to providing affordable and accessible quality care. -BES
Helium is used for everything from high-speed internet to life-saving medical equipment.  That’s why I am backing a bipartisan bill to make sure that Montana businesses can continue to access the nation's largest supplier of helium.  SHARE this post to show support for the Montana businesses and hospitals that rely on helium to keep us healthy, grow their companies and create jobs.
Today, Be-Neen-Ta-Tso (August) 14th, is National Navajo Code Talkers Day. As many New Mexicans know, the Navajo Code Talkers were a special band of warriors who translated an unbreakable code using the Navajo language to help the U.S. win World War II. Today we honor their legacy and say thank you, #CodeTalkers, alive and beyond, for your service to our country.
I was proud to welcome Nancy Sutley, chair of President Obama's Council on Environmental Quality, to RI today to discuss how the President's Climate Action Plan can help protect the public health of Rhode Islanders.  #climatechange
Good luck to the McLean little league all-stars! Will play in softball World Series championship game tonight at 11pm on ESPN2.
