Benghazi has been scrutinized more closely than a chest X-ray. I guess the GOP needs a new obsession now that Obamacare is 8 million strong and growing.   Benghazi is a tragedy, not a scandal. The Republicans’ hearings are about politics – not the truth.
This image speaks for itself. Republican obstruction is seemingly unending, but Senate Democrats will continue to fight to give working families a #FairShot. 
***Tuesday, May 6, 2014 12:00 p.m.***  U.S. Helsinki Commission Hearing: #Georgia 2008, #Ukraine 2014:  Is #Moldova Next?  #Russia’s annexation of #Crimea has raised concerns that a scenario whereby Russia annexes Transnistria, Moldova’s secessionist region, is a very realistic possibility. Similar to Russia’s de facto annexation of Georgia’s two secessionist regions and Ukraine’s Crimea, Russia’s aggression against Moldova would be occurring as citizens of Moldova are considering accession to the major Euro-Atlantic institutions. The #Transnistria “Parliament” has called for Russia to annex Transnistria, a breakaway region of Moldova. The briefing offers a timely opportunity to examine Russia’s intentions with regard to Transnistria and Moldova given President Putin’s recent assertion to President #Obama that Transnistria remains under an economic blockade and that the residents of the region suffer severe hardships as a result. This was the principal justification advanced by Russia at the #OSCE during 2008, shortly before Russia provoked Georgia into military action.      
Great day for Maryland workers. Martin O'Malley signed #MinimumWage bill raising the rate to $10.10. This is a good step in ensuring all Marylanders get a #Fairshot at success. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will follow #Maryland's lead.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act and the more than 8 million who got covered, the percentage of Americans who are uninsured is at its lowest rate in six years! 
I want to wish good luck tonight to Sam Calagione of Dogfish Head, as a finalist for the James Beard Foundation Award for Outstanding Wine and Spirits Professional. After being nominated for the past five years, I have a hunch that this is the year. Keep on representing Delaware!
I had a great visit today with the Academy of Dover Charter School, named a Superior School. Thank you to the students for the great artwork!
I want to offer a heartfelt congratulations to Rehoboth’s Matt Haley who will be recognized tonight for winning the 2014 James Beard Foundation Humanitarian of the Year Award recognizing his tireless efforts supporting children in need both domestically and abroad. All of Delaware is very proud.
NA
Joined by families and advocates from the Lehigh Valley, I'm pushing for a quick vote on legislation, the #ABLEAct, that would allow those with disabilities to set up tax advantaged savings accounts to pay for their long term care. http://instagram.com/p/nnmL-2mCAU/
Last week I was honored to be recognized as a 2013 Champion for Children by First Focus - http://instagram.com/p/nnjxsamCNa/#
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Great meeting with the Sacramento Metro Chamber on water policy, innovation, higher education and international trade.
Glad to see high school graduation rates among Hispanic students are at an all-time high. I think the following resources are especially helpful for Hispanic students hoping to take the next step.
Check out this video of a panel on combatting human trafficking that I spoke at with Cindy McCain and Senator Klobuchar at the McCain Institute’s annual Sedona Forum which brings together world leaders to talk about global issues. We can’t solve the problem of human trafficking overnight, but by shining a bright light on it, we can help reduce it in North Dakota, around the country, and throughout the world.  
Today I announced that North Dakota has received its first ever competitive AmeriCorps award that will allow Reading Corps and AmeriCorps programs to reach more North Dakota children, so we can continue to have one of the best-educated states in the country. All North Dakota children deserve quality early childhood education, and this funding will go a long way in making that a reality. 
It’s an understatement to say North Dakota is growing.  In fact, our state is booming – with resources, economic development, and people. That’s why I asked U.S. Census Director John Thompson to visit North Dakota so he can see our state for himself, because you have to see it to understand it. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, North Dakota is currently the nation’s fastest growing state. 
This year during Teacher Appreciation Week I'm remembering my 7th grade shop teacher, Joe McKenzie. In addition to teaching shop, he organized camping and canoeing trips a few times a year for students. I wasn't his best shop student, but those trips helped develop my lifelong love of being outdoors and an appreciation for the environment. I can still remember a canoe trip on the Current and Jacks Fork Rivers in the Missouri Ozarks in September 1972 as if it were yesterday. Many teachers who are great in the classroom also take a real interest in their students beyond the normal workday. I thank Joe McKenzie for doing so.
Honored to join Blue Star Mothers in Stratford yesterday. These moms are heroes for all they do to support their sons and daughters serving our nation
Claire's no stranger to the fight for consumer rights, and this time she's weighing-in on KMOV's investigation into reverse mortgages.
Senator Joe Manchin visited the NASDAQ MarketSite in Times Square and participated in the Opening Bell Ceremony.
NA
In the next 11 days, I strongly encourage all West Virginians to participate in the State Farm Community Assist Program and help bring $25,000 to organizations in West Virginia.  Out of 4000 submitted causes, the top 200 includes three in the Mountain State:   1.	Our House Youth Center in Parsons 2.	A Hit for Our LC Kids in Weston 3.	Yummy Bags Ministry in Hinton   This grant will help communities in our state fund programs that will expand educational and recreational opportunities for our youth. Anyone who has the free State Farm Neighborhood Assist Facebook application can vote up to 10 times.  Let’s rally for these tremendous West Virginia causes and vote them into the top 40.   http://www.multivu.com/players/English/65562-state-farm-neighborhood-assist-2014/
The Providence Journal editorial: Electric Boat Boost  http://www.providencejournal.com/opinion/editorials/20140504-electric-boat-boost.ece
Today I was joined by state and federal wildlife officials at Riverside Park to celebrate the new Providence Parks Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership.    This program is designed to help boost recreation and environmental education opportunities for more Rhode Islanders, particularly young people.  Providence was chosen by the US Fish & Wildlife Service (USFWS) as one of the first Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships nationwide to receive federal funding.
It's been nearly a month since the Senate passed a bill with bipartisan support to extend emergency unemployment compensation. We're still waiting on the House to act.
There is only one true litmus test for the next #Bills owner – a commitment to keeping the team in Western New York.   
Lake Erie is one of WNY’s great resources but toxic algae blooms threaten tourism, recreation & clean drinking water
After #Sandy, we made a point of rebuilding smarter & better but the Rahway Arch project doesn’t meet that standard. 
If the FDA doesn't step in, powdered alcohol- Palcohol- will become the Kool-Aid of teen binge drinking.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after Executive Councilor Debora Pignatelli announced her retirement:  “For almost 30 years Deb worked tirelessly on behalf of her constituents and her leadership in Concord will be missed. She has been a great friend of mine for many years and was a valued colleague when we served together in the State Senate. I wish her, her husband Mike, and her entire family the best as they begin the next chapter of their lives.”
Rhode Island has a rich tradition in architecture, from historic homes to landmark industrial spaces to cutting-edge design institutions. So I’m glad to see that Rhode Island’s Salve Regina University has won the Institute of Classical Architecture & Art’s 2014 Arthur Ross Award for Stewardship – for preserving and strengthening this tradition even further. Congratulations to President Gerety and the entire Salve Regina community.
U.S. Senator Tim Kaine and I sent a letter today calling for improved safety for rail shipments of crude oil and increased collaboration with local first responders following last week’s derailment of 17 rail tank cars carrying crude oil in downtown Lynchburg. An estimated 20,000 gallons of crude oil were released into the James River: http://1.usa.gov/RlT8fZ
Remember in the movie ‘Raiders of the Lost Ark,’ when the ark got put away in some huge government storeroom? Probably next to the ark are all the reports that federal agencies are required to produce but have never been reviewed. Each year, the government wastes staff time and your money on these reports. We need to fix this broken system.
