Read my recent op-ed on our immigration crisis, co-written with Jose Calderon, President of Hispanic Federation: http://j.mp/1uX6pu9 
Like #sharkweek? You'll love the National Aquarium in #Baltimore! This weekend is the perfect time to visit.
This cycle of needlessly sacrificing our teens to violent ends must end. It is heartbreaking to see yet another American town gripped by such a tragedy. As Attorney General Holder moves forward with his investigation into the circumstances of Michael Brown's death, I urge him to also finalize new guidance that would once and for all prohibit #racialprofiling by law enforcement officials. For a more permanent fix, Congress should take up and pass my bill, the End Racial Profiling Act (S. 1038). We need to better educate more of our law enforcement officials in the differences between specific suspect descriptions and sweeping generalizations or profiling that wastes valuable resources. Racial profiling is un-American. It has no place within the values of our country. It turns communities against the partnerships needed to keep our neighborhoods safe. As far too many of our communities have learned, people can be hurt.   As we await the release of more details of the circumstances of Michael's death, my wish for the people of #Ferguson would be a moment of peace and reflection. Let us not heap more violence on top of an already gut-wrenching situation. The local police must respect the First Amendment rights of our citizens to peaceably assemble and the rights of the press to seek the truth and report on this story. I support measures to de-escalate community tensions.”
Great pitching, excellent defense, and solid run support; Taney Youth Baseball Association wins their opening round 4-0 to advance in the Little League World Series! #LLWS
Good luck to Philadelphia's Taney Youth Baseball Association as their first game in the Little League World Series gets underway today at 3:00 PM in Williamsport!  #LLWS
Joe toured Elanco’s headquarters in Greenfield this week, a business that develops agricultural and animal health products, to discuss Farm Bill implementation and other ag issues. Elanco is focused on helping deliver a safe, more affordable and abundant food supply by improving the health and performance of animals and introducing new technologies to food production.
This story in the Los Angeles Times highlights why maintaining and upgrading our roads and bridges is an economic issue.
The U.S. Senate Youth Program is a great chance for students to learn about the federal government.
I had a great group of interns in my Washington, D.C. office this summer. Thank you for all your hard work.
The Griggs County Telephone Company will receive a $4.7 million federal loan to expand and upgrade service and access to high-speed Internet in rural communities throughout the county. Access to high-speed Internet helps our students get a stronger education, enables workers to get the job training they need, and is a key part of our economic future. These funds are a welcome development for Griggs County and I’ll keep working to build out this infrastructure in small towns and communities all across North Dakota. 
Accepted the #ALSIceBucketChallenge from my brother, Joel.  Joined a bunch of my siblings in helping to raise awareness through some family bonding. Who else will join us?
How student debt crushes your chances of buying a home http://t.co/Wuxr6eITVJ
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is protecting troops from unfair & deceptive practices -- perfect example of why we fought for it.
NA
I may have lost the road race, but I enjoyed my time at the Calcutt Middle School Block Party in Central Falls today.  Great to see the hard work these students have done this summer earning recovery credits in math, science, and literacy.  Thanks to their teachers, the folks at the The Center for Dynamic Learning, and the entire community for including me in today’s festivities.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbpNQXhkpeY
We need to infuse the Superfund program with the money needed to finally clean-up super messes like that left by Diaz Chemical in Holley. The lack of progress in cleaning up the former Diaz Chemical site has put a strain on the Town of Holley and Orleans County economy for over a decade now; lowering the tax base, hurting property values, and thwarting efforts by local leaders to attract new businesses to come into the area and create jobs at a cleaned-up site.
Every day our law enforcement officers place themselves in harm's way in order to make our communities safer.  Sharla and I send our thoughts and prayers to all those in Cascade County.  During this difficult time we remember the tremendous sacrifices that our law enforcement and their families make to ensure that safety.
