I joined Rachel Maddow last night to discuss the #NotMyBossBusiness bill, legislation I introduced with Senators Patty Murray and Mark Udall this week to ensure that women and families – not their bosses – are able to make their own health care decisions. #HobbyLobby 
#TBT at a rally of communications workers at the State Capitol in 2008. I was Attorney General.
This striking infographic from Everytown for Gun Safety shows precisely why we should enact the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act, which is now an amendment to the Sportsmen’s bill. The presence of a gun in domestic violence situations increases the risk of homicide for women by 500%.   It’s just common sense.   Read about my bill here: http://j.mp/1pcpVzv and view the full infographic here: http://j.mp/TUThrR
Every child deserves a kitchen table to do their homework at each night and a safe place to call home. I look forward to working with  Mayor Julián Castro on the diverse issues of concern to Marylanders.  We have made progress since the housing crisis was at its worst, but, currently, Maryland still hovers at the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation. Too many of our neighbors are still struggling Secretary Castro has a record as a strong leader and proponent of sustainable neighborhoods. I encourage him to hear firsthand from the mayors and housing counselors, faith leaders and community organizers who are working locally to ensure that every Marylander, every family, every senior and every veteran, has an affordable roof over their head.
Today the Senate confirmed Shaun Donovan to be the director of the Office of Management and Budget. In this new role, I know Secretary Donovan will be a leader of integrity and intelligence as he spearheads OMB’s mission to put the U.S. on a responsible fiscal path.
Had the pleasure of meeting Jared Brown this morning, a remarkable young man who refuses to let cerebral palsy stand in the way of accomplishing his dreams.
After introducing the bipartisan Heroin and Prescription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act of 2014, a half dozen Indiana organizations have voiced their support for the bill, including: the Indiana Association of Chiefs of Police, the Carmel Police Department, Drug Free Marion County, the Marion County Commission on Youth, the Hoosier Veteran Assistance Foundation of Indiana, and Justin Phillips, a mother who lost her son to an overdose of heroin and created a nonprofit Overdose-Lifeline, Inc. The legislation aims to stop the abuse of prescription pain medication while also giving law enforcement the tools they need to prevent heroin use and addiction.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, which includes part of Senator Donnelly’s bipartisan AMERICA Works Act, is on its way to the President’s desk. The bill takes crucial steps to update and improve our country’s workforce development system by boosting employer participation and better aligning workforce development programs with the jobs that are available and in-demand now. After passing the Senate on June 25, the bill passed the House yesterday by a vote of 415-6 and now heads to the President for his signature.
Don’t forget to apply for an internship with our D.C. office before the deadline this Saturday, July 12. Learn more about the program and apply at the link below.
Matt Olsen’s service as director of the National Counterterrorism Center has been exemplary. He will be missed. 
Talks on Ontario Int’l Airport are key to ensure Inland Empire residents benefit from a fully functional airport.
The Senate Judiciary Committee today considered a campaign finance constitutional amendment to protect the integrity of elections.
The Land and Water Conservation Fund is a critical tool that ensures we have the resources necessary to conserve our public lands for all of us to enjoy now, and for future generations. LWCF has helped secure some of New Mexico's natural treasures such as the Valles Caldera National Preserve, the new Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge in the Rio Grande Valley, the Miranda Canyon, and the Carson National Forest. And job creation is directly tied to conservation across our state, where hunting, fishing, camping and other outdoor traditions both new and old drive an enormous portion of our economy. http://www.demingheadlight.com/deming-news/ci_26118747/udall-heinrich-tap-money-nm-parks?source=rss
Had lunch with my impressive and hardworking interns today. Thrilled to have them joining my team in DC and help serve the great people of North Dakota.
As the U.S. Department of Energy holds meetings across the country to review our country’s national energy strategy, I pushed for the agency to hold a meeting in North Dakota because we are on the forefront of energy development. As a result, DOE will hold a meeting at Bismarck State College on August 8. I’ll speak at the meeting, as will the U.S. Energy and Transportation Secretaries, and top White House and Interior Department officials. To have a true conversation about our nation’s energy strategy, it has to include North Dakota. I hope many North Dakotans will offer their thoughts. 
Turtle Mountain, Sisseton-Wahpeton and Spirit Lake Indian Reservations will receive nearly $150,000 in federal funds to help develop economic regional strategies, grow the local economies, and create jobs. Growing up in a small community, I’ve seen firsthand the challenges that come with building and maintaining economic opportunities in rural America, which is why making smart investments in communities is critical to helping them grow responsibly. http://1.usa.gov/TV845H
I met with the Commander of the Eighth Air Force, who oversees deterrence and global strike operations for U.S. Strategic Command, including the B-52 bombers at Minot Air Force Base.  We talked about strategies to modernize our nation’s bomber force and give our brave servicemembers the resources they need so they can do what they do best – keep America safe. http://1.usa.gov/1nhHS1h
Today, I introduced the bipartisan Educating Tomorrow’s Workforce Act with my Senate Career & Technical Education (CTE) Caucus co-chair, Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, to raise the quality of #CTE programs at schools in Virginia and across the country. Watch my floor speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmo1o1YxSsI
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday addressed the Senate to report on the field hearing on net neutrality in Vermont last week. The hearing, "Preserving an Open Internet: Rules to Promote Competition and Protect Main Street Consumers," focused on the need to restore open Internet rules to replace FCC rules that were struck down earlier this year, including the rule prohibiting broadband providers from blocking lawful content and the rule barring them from unreasonably discriminating against lawful Internet traffic.
I am proud to have sponsored the legislation that has awarded a hero like Raoul Wallenberg the Congressional Gold Medal. His selfless service, courage and integrity is evidenced by his heroic actions during the Holocaust. A true humanitarian, Raoul Wallenberg valiantly saved thousands of Hungarian Jews and ultimately sacrificed his own life in the process. I am honored to join in recognizing his accomplishments and sacrifices. 
The Supreme Court’s far-reaching decision should concern us all. It puts the personal opinion of an employer ahead of the medical opinion of a doctor. By allowing employers to deny women access to needed health care, this decision once again allows for gender discrimination in health care – something I fought to end.  That's why I'm joining Senators Patty Murray and Mark Udall to introduce legislation that works to right this wrong and protect all Americans, men and women - by prohibiting employers from denying access to important health benefits. Recognizing that Houses of Worship and religiously-affiliated organizations deserve special consideration with respect to these sensitive issues, the bill does include exemptions for those employers. Health decisions should be made by an individual and her doctor, not by her employer. 
Claire didn't shy away from making it known to the president of the NCAA that the way colleges and universities handle sexual assault cases involving athletes needs to change. Watch the full-exchange, here: http://bit.ly/1mkEEtE
Claire's website got a makeover and we're hoping you'll enjoy the new look and feel. The website serves as a tool to better serve Missourians, and this new layout aims to do just that. Have a look around: www.mccaskill.senate.gov
Without a minimum wage that comes closer to families’ real costs of living, our economy will continue to leave too many hardworking Americans behind. #RaiseTheWage
Yesterday I submitted my concerns to the Federal Register regarding the EPA's proposed rule that limits carbon dioxide emissions from existing coal-fired power plants.   The EPA will be accepting comments until October 16, 2014. West Virginians who would like to submit a comment, please reference the Docket ID: EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0602. To review the process on how to submit a comment and to review the comment that I submitted yesterday, please visit my website:  1.usa.gov/1jhxxT7
The number of uninsured in America is declining, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://www.gallup.com/poll/172403/uninsured-rate-sinks-second-quarter.aspx
Speaker Boehner and House Republicans are considering filing a lawsuit against the President for some unspecified reason. It is a complete distraction from the real work that Congress needs to be doing!  Who will pay for this charade of a lawsuit that House Republicans are considering? American taxpayers.  President Obama is doing something to solve problems and Republicans are suing him because they want to do nothing. That is just sad. 
Spoke in today's Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing about a proposed constitutional amendment that would ensure that our democracy works in fair way. 
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor today about the legislation she introduced this week to make child care more affordable.   Watch  to learn more about Senator Shaheen’s bill, the Helping Working Families Afford Child Care Act 
In Montana, we value our individual rights.  But the Supreme Court has forgotten that corporations are not people, and don’t have the same Constitutional rights as you and me.  Watch me speak on the Senate floor to remind folks in Washington that we have to keep corporations out of our private lives, out of our bedrooms, and out of our religious decisions.
Momentum for meaningful campaign finance reform continues to build as Americans in New Mexico and all around the country call on their elected leaders to get money out of politics and give elections back to the people. Today I was pleased to see the Senate Judiciary Committee approve our constitutional amendment, S.J. Res 19, so that voters and their elected leaders may decide how, when and why to regulate campaign finance.  When I first introduced my amendment years ago, there were only a handful of supporters – today we are up to 46 senators and counting. I appreciate the growing momentum – backed by your voices – and look forward to a vote by the full Senate. It's time for every senator to stand up and tell their constituents if they are going to defend a broken system that puts corporations and billionaires over regular voters, or if they want to return our government to where it began – of, by and for the people. Like this post and share it if you agree – it's time to get money out of politics for good.
Today I'm glad to introduce a bill to help small business federal government contractors in New Mexico access the tools, training and hands-on help necessary to diversify their businesses and create jobs. Small businesses are the foundation of New Mexico’s economy and make up 96 percent of our employers, and I'm committed to helping reduce unnecessary barriers so entrepreneurs can thrive. My ADAPT Act offers small businesses another set of tools to find new customers, expand their business and create good-paying jobs for hardworking New Mexicans. For more information about my bill click below:
