How would the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act help you?   Find out using this refinancing calculator from Generation Progress.  Enter your student loan debt & current interest rate to find out how much YOU would save with a new interest rate of 3.86%: http://j.mp/1rMlQr3
Today we mark  the twenty-fifth anniversary of the  brutal crackdown on dissidents in #Tiananmen Square.As Chair of the Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs, I support a growing and robust bilateral relationship with #China. But we cannot do this without placing a priority on human rights, and I will continue to elevate these issues.  I hope to look back on the next twenty-five years as an era that brought peace and healing through open dialogue, sustainable reforms, and a deep respect of fundamental human rights.
I hope this information helps to alleviate the inconvenience this closure is causing commuters.
Cleaner energy sources are crucial if we are serious about curbing climate change. With that in mind we must have a strong, independent agency that ensures a safe, economically viable nuclear industry.
It is unacceptable that those who have served our country should have to wait nearly a year to receive care. There have been persistent problems at the Pittsburgh VAPHS so I am calling on the Administration to address these concerns immediately. Our veterans deserve care that honors the sacrifices they've made for our nation.
NA
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Tom Buis from Growth Energy stopped by the office this morning to present Joe with an American Ethanol flag signed by NASCAR driver Ryan Newman.
Today, we remember the brave individuals who stood up for freedom and dignity in Tiananmen Square. My statement: 
Let your voice be heard. If you believe student loan debt is a problem we can’t ignore, sign this petition: 
The march of history has moved us closer to the fundamental ideal that everyone is created equal and deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. But until full and equal rights are a reality for everyone, our work is unfinished. As we celebrate LGBT Pride this month, let us renew our commitment to charge forward toward full equality for all Americans. Happy Pride, New Mexico!
Congrats to Alexander Wang of Los Alamos High School, one of 19 students chosen to compete on the U.S. Physics Team this year. #STEM
Climate change is a fact that is a problem in New Mexico today, not just at some far off date in the future. The longer we wait to act, the more difficult and expensive the solutions will be. The EPA deserves credit for showing the leadership to actively take on climate change rather than embracing the pseudo-science and denial that is embraced by far too many in Washington today.  This nation has never solved a single problem by denying the facts.
Today I helped introduce legislation to fix many of the inappropriate practices and systemic problems with the Veterans Affairs health care system so veterans get the care they need and deserve – no exception. I also strongly supported a separate bill introduced earlier this year that would take strong steps to provide veterans with benefits and care they deserve. Unfortunately, during a vote in February, Republicans blocked the bill from moving forward. 
Because of misguided rulings by the Supreme Court, the voices of everyday North Dakotans are being drowned out by the deep pockets of special interests in political campaigns. That’s why I’m backing a constitutional amendment to limit the onslaught of money in our political system, make sure everyone knows where the money is coming from, and give all candidates a fair shot.
During a Senate Budget Committee hearing today, I highlighted the harmful impact of high college costs and student loan debt on borrowers and the entire U.S. economy. College costs can be burdensome to many Americans, including Virginia Commonwealth University alumna Brittany Jones, who I had the pleasure of meeting after she testified at the hearing about the challenges she faced while repaying her student loans. Brittany and I discussed ways to bring down college costs, such as my Dual Enrollment bill, which would help expand programs that allow high school students to take college-level classes and earn credit that counts toward both high school and college graduation.
Great to meet with Dundalk’s Sean McComb today in the US Captiol after he was named National Teacher of the Year! At Patapsco High, Sean is inspiring students to be all they can be, changing lives and supporting kids and families.
"Born in the USA" is 30 today. I was 10 when it was released, and I wore that cassette out, listening over and over and over.
I'm hosting a #CTCoffee with Senator Blumenthal at 830am tomorrow in my DC office. Send me a message if you can make it. Hope to see you there!
I was very pleased to meet these wonderful West Virginia 8th grade students from Davis and Thomas outside of the Capitol this afternoon.
Americans rescue our soldiers first and ask questions later.  No member of the armed forces should be left behind, and President Obama saw to that.   I understand that there are questions regarding Sergeant Bergdahl’s disappearance, and whether or not military code was violated. Those are issues that will be resolved by the United States Army, not Monday morning quarterbacks on Capitol Hill.  Let’s say, for the sake of argument, that Sergeant Bergdahl did violate his sworn oath. Who do we want to mete out justice to an American soldier? If action by the justice system is needed, I prefer American justice over Taliban justice -- every time.
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
The passing of Chester Nez is a solemn moment for the Navajo Nation, the state of New Mexico and our country, and my thoughts are with the Nez family. Like the code that helped win two world wars, Chester Nez's commitment to the United States was unbroken. He loved his culture and his country, and when called, he fought to protect both. And because of his service, we enjoy freedoms that have stood the test of time. As we mark Chester's passing, let us honor his memory with a renewed inspiration to preserve our Native languages, and rededicate ourselves to keeping alive the story of our Code Talkers and the patriotic spirit that has always run deep in New Mexico and our nation.
It was great to meet with students from Lawrenceville's Brunswick High School today! A beautiful day for a visit to the Capitol.
