Our immigration system is broken. Like and Share this post if you agree with Tammy that it needs to be fixed.
Like and Share if you agree that Wisconsin deserves a vote to reduce gun violence.
– Following the bipartisan cloture vote on S. 649, the Safe Communities, Safe Schools Act of 2013, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) released the following statement:  “We must seize this moment, set our political fears aside, and act responsibly. America has mourned more than 3,300 victims of gun violence nationwide since the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newton, Connecticut.  Each heartbreaking event is shocking in its own right but also tears us apart wondering what could have been done to prevent it from happening. I am proud that the Senate has come together to engage in a real debate on what steps should be taken to minimize the risk of future shootings. The safety of our children and our communities should never be put at risk by partisan gridlock.   “I agree with President Obama that we cannot wait for another tragedy to enact common sense, reasonable gun safety measures, especially on weapons of war that have no legitimate civilian use.  I am sympathetic to the interests of legitimate hunters and collectors, but we should reinstate the federal ban on assault weapons and prohibit high-capacity ammunition clips. We must take steps to strengthen our mental health system and reduce the glorification of violence in our culture. I support requiring universal background checks for all firearms buyers, but I congratulate my colleagues for coming to a bipartisan consensus on strengthening the current background check system.  “Despite lobbying efforts to the contrary, I know that we can protect our children while still protecting the Constitutional rights of legitimate hunters and existing gun owners.”
Check out this helpful website from the Department of Health and Human Services that has key dates for the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. You and your family can track upcoming deadlines and access important resources to make sure you are up to date and informed on all of your healthcare choices. http://www.healthcare.gov/law/timeline/
NA
NA
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Peter from Bear about the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
With a $750,000 grant from 21st Century Community Learning Centers, after school academic programs will provide Kokomo students better opportunities to learn beyond the classroom. Share this good news with your friends, and let’s continue to promote better educational opportunities for Hoosier students.
VIDEO: I started the day with Morning Joe. Had a good conversation on gun violence and the assault weapons ban. Watch HERE:
We owe it to the American people to take real action to reduce gun violence.
Jamestown’s Katrina Klett has been named the 2013 North Dakota Truman Scholar. Way to go, Katrina!
Told the Director of the Air National Guard how ideal North Dakota National Guard’s 119th Wing is for flying manned missions. 
 
 http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341357
Thanks to Dakota Community Bank and Trust's Good Neighbor Club for stopping by today!
Yesterday I gave a speech to formally introduce my first Senate bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013, which is co-sponsored by Senators Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) and Max Baucus (D-MT)
Today's vote to allow a debate on the senate floor about critically needed gun safety measures begins our long overdue promise to each and every family that has been touched by gun violence. After Newtown, we told America that we would finally have a conversation about how best to protect our children. And today we begin that conversation. Every single measure that could prevent another tragedy deserves our consideration and I look forward to making the case.
Heading to Chair a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on US policy toward Syria. You can watch a live stream of the hearing here: http://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/us-policy-toward-syria
Claire needs your help as she puts together a hearing in her Subcommittee on Financial & Contracting Oversight. She’s taking submissions until April 19. Make your voice heard. Read more about what you can do to help fight waste and abuse in Medicare: http://sgfnow.co/YqG9LT
“My thoughts and prayers are with the folks in Missouri whose lives were affected by severe storm yesterday evening. In the last several years Missouri has had more than its fair share of weather-related tragedy—and we’ve always come together in support of those in need in a way that made me proud to be a Missourian. I am sure that this time will be no different, and my staff and I are standing by to provide support to these communities in whatever way we can.” - Claire   If you or your family needs assistance contact Claire's St. Louis office at (314) 367-1364 or the Red Cross and United Way at:  Red Cross: 1-800-RED-CROSS (733-2767) www.redcross.org  United Way: 1-800-427-4626 http://www.211helps.org/
I encourage all West Virginians, gun owners, NRA members and all Americans interested in fixing our culture of mass violence to read the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act. This bill simply prevents criminals and the dangerously mentally ill from purchasing guns while protecting our Second Amendment rights. This bipartisan, commonsense compromise closes the existing background check system’s loopholes by including all advertised commercial sales. It also protects gun sellers’ and gun owners’ rights.  Senator Toomey and I are confident that if people take the time to read the details of this important legislation, there will be nationwide support. Please visit my website to read the entire bill. http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=4d44140f-f455-42ad-8a65-0689cc255a9f
NA
Very exciting news! The next combat ship in the fleet of the U.S. Navy will be named the USS Manchester after Manchester, New Hampshire - a great honor for the Queen City and the Granite State!   “The naming of USS Manchester is a tremendous honor for the city of Manchester and a testament to the incredible work carried out by New Hampshire’s men and women who serve in uniform. The Queen City of New Hampshire, Manchester is an economic engine of Northern New England and a vibrant, innovative hub for the Granite State. Congratulations to Manchester on this wonderful honor.” - JS
“The loss of the U.S.S. Thresher and its courageous crew was a profound tragedy for the Portsmouth Naval shipyard community, New Hampshire, and the nation.  Fifty years after the death of the Thresher’s 129 crew members, we can say without a doubt that their deaths were not in vain, and their memory endures. The crew of the U.S.S. Thresher inspired the creation and implementation of the most comprehensive naval submarine safety program in the world.  Their legacy of service and sacrifice are carried not only in our hearts, but in the rigorous steps we now take to protect and safeguard every submarine and crew that enters our waters.” - JS
Senator Schatz addressed his colleagues and witnesses at an Indian Affairs Committee hearing yesterday, highlighting the need for parity in federal law and policy for Native Hawaiians.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a-C1CH5jV8&feature=youtu.be
Americans deserve a vote on gun violence legislation. Today the Senate votes whether or not to move forward on the gun safety bill – and I'm on my way to vote that we take action.
NA
“My hope is that this will be something we can agree on,” Senator Warner said. “That if we’re going to stay competitive, we’ve got to have infrastructure that is competitive with the rest of the world, and we’ve got to be creative about how to do that.”  (staff)
People want to know their regulators are looking out for the American public, not for the banks. The public deserves to have access to information about banks that illegally foreclosed on families. Watch my opening statement and questions at today’s Senate Banking Subcommittee hearing.
