I had the opportunity to tour Galvanize, an entrepreneurial incubator that is currently housing almost 100 of Colorado’s cutting edge start-up companies. Read the story on Yourhub and learn how Colorado’s beautiful outdoors are helping attract these innovators to our state.  http://yourhub.denverpost.com/def-section/denver-s-trendy-galvanize-shows-senator-bennet-how-being/4WfukGSYbYYiJ5brcwUaAI-ugc
Colorado’s forests are integral to the state’s iconic landscape and our tourism economy. The Agriculture Conservation Experienced Services Program allows the U.S. Forest Service to hire more experienced workers under short-term contracts who can offer technical assistance for forest health and conservation operations. This bipartisan amendment to the Farm Bill will make for a smoother transition from one generation of forest health experts to the next and will allow us to prevent and protect our forests from fire.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee (SFRC) has written to President Barack Obama in advance of the President’s meetings June 7-8 in California with President Xi Jinping of China. Senator Cardin visited Beijing, as well as Seoul and Tokyo, during the Memorial Day work period for his first trip to Asia as Chairman of the SFRC Subcommittee on East Asia and the Pacific.
 
  
 
 “I am pleased to see that you and President Xi have committed to building a positive bilateral relationship, which will allow the United States and China to pursue cooperative solutions to regional and global challenges,” Senator Cardin wrote.  “The United States and China are well poised to work together on global climate change and environmental issues…; to promote positive progress on North Korea denuclearization; and to ensure robust implementation of sanctions against Iran.”
 
  
 
 Senator Cardin noted the June 4th anniversary of the violent crackdown on political dissidents at Tiananmen Square and encouraged dialogue on China’s respect for universally accepted human rights norms.  Senator Cardin said: “I am hopeful that your summit with President Xi will usher in a new era of U.S.-China engagement and cooperation, while also fostering constructive and honest dialogue on human rights and civil liberties issues.” The Senator urged President Obama to “encourage President Xi to make meaningful progress on his proposed reforms, and to take further steps to abolish China’s most egregious policies.”
 
 
 
 alturl.com/zfw7d
Our Superbowl Champion  Baltimore Ravens at the The White House with President Barack Obama . 92 days until Ravens Nation mobilizes again to defend that trophy!
Thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the building collapse in Philadelphia and the rescue workers on the scene.
During a Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources oversight hearing yesterday, I discussed ways to improve federal wildland fire management and urged agencies to do more to reduce the severity of major wildfires through prevention efforts.
Great to visit with Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs students who recently graduated from Dickinson Trinity. Congratulations, students!
At The National Network to End Domestic Violence Conference, I highlighted the enhanced protections in the reauthorized VAWA, need to keep up our efforts.
Joined Andrea Mitchell Reports to talk about what needs to be done to confront the military sexual assault crisis.
My staff volunteers w Everybody Wins!DC each week, a few of the kids stopped by the office today. So great to see them!
Honored to be named Legislator of the Year along w Senator Blumenthal by Mental Health America bit.ly/14gT97V
We have heard plenty from the rich and the powerful in the Senate, but not enough from working families struggling to get by in tough times. Every time Congress talks about economic policy, they should be asking about the real effects of their choices on the American middle class and those families hoping to join it. Tomorrow, I will hold my first hearing as a Banking Subcommittee Chair, and it will focus on what we can do to make the American dream real again.
Today, Katherine Bomkamp, a student from West Virginia University, attended our "Wednesday Wake Up with Joe" event and showed our staff her incredible invention, The Pain Free Socket. 
 
 Congratulations, Katherine, on your achievements, and best of luck in your very bright future. Your dedication to helping our veterans makes us so proud.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 15 - Calhoun  Fact: Named for South Carolina statesman John C. Calhoun  Tourism: Calhoun County Park is where you can find Heritage Village, home to historic structures showcasing the county’s past
Enjoyed touring some of Rhode Island’s natural and historic treasures last week with U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell and National Park Service Director Jonathan B. Jarvis to highlight the economic value of conserving our parks, refuges, and other public lands.
Meeting with Montana students is the best part of my job, and today I talked about the issues with some “Bulldogs” from Choteau High School.
This weekend, Rhode Islanders will recognize and celebrate one of the earliest acts of defiance against the British Crown in our struggle for independence – the sinking of the HMS Gaspee. Yesterday, I gave my annual speech in the Senate commemorating this historic milestone on the path to the American Revolution.
