The students at Common Ground High School had a message they wanted everyone to hear, and Senator Blumenthal relayed that message on the Senate floor last week: as tragic as all the mass slayings are in this country, no less tragic, no less horrific, and no less important is the shooting of one, innocent 18 year old man.   Stories like Javier Martinez’s—shot and killed while walking to a friends house—rarely make the national news. They have become the background noise to our society. This fact drives Senator Blumenthal, every day, to seek an end to gun violence with common sense, sensible measures — background checks, mental health initiatives, and school safety.  Watch, and share their message with your friends. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGVlJ7Noi3Y
It’s absolutely unreal that in 2014, Republicans would still obstruct #EqualPay, and that's exactly what they did yesterday.   Currently, women earn $11,608 less per year than men. Let's keep working to change this.
"The Democracy Restoration Act, important legislation that seeks to restore voting rights in federal elections to millions of disfranchised Americans, was introduced today in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives by Senator Ben Cardin and Congressman John Conyers, Jr.."- via ACLU Nationwide  
Today I introduced a bill, S. 2235, the Democracy Restoration Act that would reduce recidivism rates by restoring voting rights to individuals after they have served their time and have been released from incarceration. Studies indicate that former prisoners who have voting rights restored are less likely to reoffend, and that disenfranchisement hinders their rehabilitation and reintegration into their community. Original cosponsors of S. 2235 include Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Senator Patrick Leahy, Senator Dick Durbin, Cory Booker, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Senator Tom Harkin and Bernie Sanders. Companion legislation also was introduced today in the House of Representatives by Congressman John Conyers, Jr., Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee.  An estimated 5.85 million citizens of the United States – about 1 in 40 adults in the United States – currently cannot vote as a result of a felony conviction. Of the estimated 5.85 million citizens barred from voting, only 25% are in prison. By contrast, 75% of the disenfranchised reside in their communities while on probation or parole or after having completed their sentences.  Approximately 2.6 million citizens who have completed their sentences remain disenfranchised due to restrictive state laws.  In 35 States, convicted individuals may not vote while they are on parole. In 11 States, a conviction can result in lifetime disenfranchisement. Several States require prisoners to seek discretionary pardons from Governors, or action by the parole or pardon board, in order to regain their right to vote. Several States deny the right to vote to individuals convicted of certain misdemeanors. States are slowly moving or repeal or loosen many of these barriers to voting for ex-prisoners.  State disenfranchisement laws have a disproportionate impact on racial and ethnic minorities. Eight percent of the African-American population, or 2 million #AfricanAmericans, are disenfranchised, compared to less than 2 percent of non-African-Americans. Currently, 1 of every 13 African-Americans is rendered unable to vote because of felony disenfranchisement– a rate four times greater than non-African Americans. In three states, more than one in five African Americans is unable to vote because of prior convictions (#Florida-23 percent; #Kentucky-22 percent; #Virginia-20 percent). #Latino citizens and #NativeAmericans are also disproportionately disenfranchised based on their representation in the criminal #justice system. In four states, Latinos were disenfranchised by a rate of more than 25 percent (#California- 37 percent; #NewYork-34 percent; #Texas-30 percent; #Arizona-27 percent).  The Democracy Restoration Act has been endorsed by a large coalition of public interest organizations, including: civil rights and reform organizations; religious and faith-based organizations; and law enforcement and criminal justice organizations. In particular, Brennan Center for Justice at NYU Law, ACLU Nationwide, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, NAACP and Blacks in Law Enforcement of America have played a leadership role advancing this legislation. Most recently, in a February 2014 speech, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Holder called on elected officials to reexamine disenfranchisement statutes and enact reforms to restore voting rights. S. 2235, the Democracy Restoration Act, follows the precedent of the Second Chance Act, signed into law by President  George W. Bush in 2008, as a measure to reduce #recidivism rates, strengthen the quality of life in our communities and make them safer, and reduce the burden on taxpayers.
4,450- #MD #Veterans Cut Off UI as of 4/5 125-MD Veterans Cut Off UI Each Week 5,463- Veteran Job Seekers Helped if the #House would pass the Senate #RenewUI
It was an honor to host Paulette Mason & discuss the vital, tireless efforts she and millions others do in caring for our veterans. I deeply appreciate her and all volunteers who care for our injured and ill service members and will continue to do all that I can to help their cause. Read more about her work in this News Journal piece.  
Not only did more than 7.5 million Americans enroll in health care exchanges, but Delaware surpassed federal goals by enrolling over 11,000 people in the exchanges and over 3,000 in Medicaid. I can’t wait to see how many more get covered in the coming months and years! http://delonline.us/1euzjsr
 I’m proud of the bipartisan effort my colleagues and I on the EPW Committee are undertaking to invest in much-needed, reliable infrastructure that will help America connect people, goods and services.
Despite the clear need for more officers on the streets with the right technology and resources, federal programs to provide our first responders with this support have been underfunded for years. We simply cannot afford to ignore this problem any longer, and that means providing local law enforcement with the appropriate tools to do their jobs.  I’m calling on Congress to fund these programs which have proven to be instrumental in keeping both citizens and law enforcement safe.
#TBT We celebrate Philadelphia native, Marian Anderson and her performance on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial.
"In only three years, Coons has doggedly built working relationships resulting in cowritten and cointroduced bills with nearly half the Senate Republican Conference."
Senator Donnelly questioned Air Force Chief of Staff General Mark Welsh and Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James about military mental health services and suicide prevention efforts. The Air Force officials acknowledged a “spike” in Air Force suicides and a need to strengthen mental health efforts. Watch the video here.
Share some #GoodNews for Johnson County: Beauty retailer ULTA announced plans today to build a new distribution center in Greenwood, bringing approximately 500 jobs to the area by 2018.
Joe was honored to meet a Hoosier airman during this morning’s Armed Services Committee hearing.
Just another day on the job before heading to the game.
Today I met with U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Utilities Service Administrator John Padalino and stressed to him that we need to continue to improve access to high-speed Internet in North Dakota and across rural America. It’s now essential that our businesses, schools, and hospitals are able to connect with the world to help students learn and connect businesses to customers beyond just those in their communities. 16% of North Dakotans do not have access to high-speed Internet, and that jumps to 36% in rural parts of the state and to 75% in Indian Country in North Dakota.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=09af1708-d105-445b-824e-7e134382f623
The process to seek approval on the Keystone XL pipeline has been exhaustive in its time, breadth, and scope. It has already taken much longer than anyone can reasonably justify. We need a definitive timeline laid out. That’s why I recruited 10 Democratic Senators to join me in calling on the President to make a decision.
Sat down with Eric Nelson, President of ND Chapter of the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA) and retired Major General Joseph Lynch, general counsel for MOAA, to discuss important issues affecting the military and veterans community.
Met with North Dakotans from the Alzheimer’s Association, Minnesota-North Dakota Chapter to discuss the need for increased funding for research and raising awareness for Alzheimer’s.
I enjoyed meeting with a ND Close Up group here in DC – always great to hear from our country’s future leaders.
Continuing a tradition, on Thursday, April 10, Senator Patrick Leahy took photos of cherry blossoms along the Tidal Basin in Washington D.C.  LINK to full gallery: http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/photos/cherry-blossoms  
Join me and my staff on Wednesday April 16th for my "Government Helps Expo". We're holding this event to help you get the assistance you need with government agencies, like the VA or Social Security Administration, but also to allow you to meet me and my staff in case you ever need our help in the future. Hope you can make it  Senator Murphy's Government Helps Expo April 16, 2014 10am-1pm  MG Maurice Rose Armed Forces Center Assembly Hall 375 Smith Street Middletown, CT
Thanks for joining! That's all the time we have for today. Let us know if Q & A's are something you think we should continue to do in the future. Keep in mind that I read all of my tweets too, so you can also reach me on Twitter at @clairecmc. Thank you for your questions.
I'm ready for your questions. Feel free to send them my way. While we wait for your questions we'll start answering a few asked in advance.
A quick reminder that Claire will take your questions live TODAY at 3:30pm ET/2:30pm CT. We hope you can join her! If you're unable to ask your question at that time, please leave a question in advance in the comments section below and Claire will work to answer a few of those as well. 
After this winter’s Polar Vortex, much of the country experienced extremely cold temperatures, which created an unprecedented demand for electricity and pushed the grid to its limits. In fact, a whopping 89% of AEP’s coal units that are slated for retirement were running at full capacity to meet the peak demand during this time. So where does that leave us? Today, I questioned experts from the energy and utilities industries about security and reliability of our electric grid.   Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=82c49086-ed00-46ad-a9d0-cbf0abd0bd68
I’m so proud to support Facing Hunger Foodbank, Huntington’s regional food bank that serves thousands of West Virginians in need. Tomorrow, they will host their annual The Empty Bowls fundraiser and are expected to exceed raising one million total meals since its launch in 2003. I encourage you all to participate in the event and help them reach their goal.   For more info: http://www.marshall.edu/emptybowls/about/
ICYMI: This morning I joined Brian Kilmeade on Fox & Friends to talk about equal pay.
On the Senate floor today, my Republican friends continued their tactics of obstruction and delay. In case you miseed it, here's some highlights: http://youtu.be/h8Qxb5HJyto
Today, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced that 7.5 million people have signed up for health coverage through the Obamacare exchanges.   Nevada Health Link currently has a 60-day special enrollment period. Learn more here: http://www.reid.senate.gov/blog/nevada-health-link-announces-60-day-special-enrollment-period#.U0RKhvldV8F
With a hockey team like theirs, @unioncollege can NOTT lose. #GoDutchmen #FrozenFour
It's not unlikely at all, but this is still a great read about NY’s favorite Frozen Four team! 
75 yrs ago Marian Anderson stood in the shadow of the Lincoln Memorial & changed American history. #NPR highlights:
Tomorrow I'll be joining Montana veterans and VA officials to dedicate the expansion of the Billings VA Clinic! Our vets have earned high-quality health care, and I'm proud to lead the charge to increase their access to new services.
The U.S. Department of Justice's report makes sobering findings about the use of excessive force and the lack of accountability and oversight at the Albuquerque Police Department, and it is a welcome step forward in a longer process. Click here for my full statement with Senator Martin Heinrich.
Today, the Senate passed my bipartisan legislation to make sure taxpayers get the transparency they are entitled to. The DATA Act will improve the way the federal government does business and it’s a true example of how Washington is supposed to work – across the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol.
