Tammy has called on President Obama to take action on the propane fuel shortage impacting Wisconsin.  She has asked President Obama to moderate propane exports as Wisconsin and other states face a critical supply shortage. Read more:
Pleasure to meet with #Philomena Lee & her daughter Jane to learn about the recently launched #PhilomenaProject
What did everyone think of the #SOTU?
We’ve seen a growing gap in this country of #income and opportunity. We should be united in our commitment to investing in #education and #job growth, rebuilding our #infrastructure and modern schools, helping to increase our competitiveness and bolster our manufacturing sector. All this will increase opportunities, help expand the middle class, and grow our whole economy. #SOTU
Today, women in this country still only earn 77 cents for every dollar men earn. Five years ago, I voted in favor of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act to fix that and ensure women earn equal pay for equal work.   Let’s keep pushing to close this gap because, as President Obama said last night, “…when women succeed, America succeeds.”
Tune in now as I chair a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to mark up the Postal Reform Act of 2013.
Tonight I thought the President delivered a superb #SOTU. Read more of my specific reactions by clicking on the photo or link below!
Couldn't have said it better myself!
Tune in here to watch tonight's #SOTU: http://www.whitehouse.gov/sotu  I'll have my reaction shortly after the President finishes.
Glad to welcome the President to Western PA; nothing is more important than creating economic opportunity.
I am gratified that the President made #jobs and the #economy the central focus of his #SOTU
My reaction to #sotu
Great to talk to @wsj about #sotu and working to create jobs and strengthen the middle class.
I am gratified that the President made jobs and the economy the central focus of his State of the Union address. Despite recent economic progress, far too many Americans are still struggling to get back on their feet. If you work hard and play by the rules, you should have the opportunity to succeed. I was encouraged by the President's emphasis on worker training programs, hiring incentives and pay equity to ensure workers have the chance to get ahead. Responsible development of natural gas is something I have pushed for a long time and the President's proposal will help create jobs in Pennsylvania while at the same time decreasing our dependence on foreign oil. I was also glad to see that the President underscored his commitment to early education and research to ensure our nation's long-term global competitiveness. I look forward to working with Republicans and Democrats to advance these efforts along with additional job creation measures like my bipartisan small business bill so that we can grow the economy and strengthen the middle class. #SOTU
Discussing what we hope to hear tonight with my guest to the #SotU and Philly native, Tianna Gaines-Turner.
Too many ideas and innovations never leave our national labs. Senator Coons and Senator Rubio (R-Fla.) introduced a bill today to change that. 
NA
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Indiana’s unemployment rate has dropped below 7 percent, the lowest it’s been in over five years. The state added 42,600 jobs in 2013.
The farm bill contains much-needed assistance for California farmers, ranchers and producers. The Senate should act soon. 
"The president delivered a hopeful speech that should serve as a rallying cry for the American people and send a direct message to Congress: Stop the political posturing and come together to get this economy moving for all Americans."
Great win last night for New Mexico Lobos men's basketball team. Good luck to the Lady Lobos tonight against Utah State!
President Obama's call tonight for bipartisanship and rewarding hard work goes hand in hand with New Mexico's priorities and values.  We must be unwavering in our commitment to restore the basic bargain on which this country was built, that if you work and play the rules you can get ahead. I was encouraged by the president's commitment to creating opportunities for small businesses to thrive, for students to get a quality education, for workers to get the training they need to succeed in today's job market, for immigrants to have a fair path to citizenship, and for our nation to truly become energy independent. In New Mexico, these are the key ingredients to a strong economy and a thriving middle class. I will continue working with the Administration and my colleagues in Congress to advance these priorities for the American people.
Today I met with members from Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa to talk about their concerns, challenges and ways that we can continue to work together to stand up for Native families.
My reaction to the State of the Union. #SOTU  
Thrilled to have Master Sgt Marts (and Deacon!) as my guest for #SOTU. Check out this clip of us with Iraq-veteran Patrick Murphy for his MSNBC show. 
Five years after the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was signed into law, I am proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act – an important next step toward ensuring equal pay for equal work. This legislation builds on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, providing women with additional tools to address wage discrimination. This isn’t just a women’s issue, it’s a family issue. Reducing the persistent wage gap is good for Virginia families, many of whom increasingly rely on two incomes to make ends meet, and will also help strengthen communities and local economies across the Commonwealth. This should be a goal that both parties can support during this Congress.
I’m honored to bring Staff Sgt. Tammy Brown – a machinist and welder stationed at Fort Lee who has served on active duty for more than 15 years - as my guest to the State of the Union tonight.
Five years ago today, President Obama signed his first law as President. It was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which overturned the 180-day statute of limitations for women to contest pay discrimination. I led the charge in the Senate for this important down-payment in helping end the pay gap and keeping the courthouse doors open.   Today, women still make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. In his State of the Union address, the President renewed the call to build on the promise of equal pay for equal work, and I couldn’t agree more. That why I’ve introduced the Paycheck Fairness Act to stop wage discrimination from happening in the first place and end the policies that keep women uneducated and unequipped when it comes to fighting for their fair share.   I will continue to fight for them. It’s not just for our pocketbooks. It’s about the family checkbooks and getting it right in the law books.
Over the past decade, families in Connecticut have seen the cost of the things they need increase faster than their wages. The cost of a college education has soared to prohibitively high levels, preventing countless prospective students from obtaining a degree, and the opportunities they deserve.   I’ve heard from students and educators all across Connecticut and the message is clear: we need college administrators to wake up every day thinking about how they’re going to bring down the cost of college for student. Today I introduced the College Affordability and Innovation Act of 2014 to incentivize schools to create new, innovative programs to bring down the cost of college while improving the quality of a degree, and set new standards for schools that receive federal funding so that they’re more accountable to students and the taxpayer. Reducing the cost of college needs to be a top priority as we work together to increase economic opportunities for all Americans.  I hope you'll tune in to my Google Hangout at 4pm today to discuss the bill, and ask me any questions you have about higher education, or anything else that's on your mind. Post your questions below, and tune in here at 4pm: https://plus.google.com/b/108483156976116798423/events/c1d248soacsrlob834f3qqo4egs
Following a week in which thousands of Missourians saw their propane costs nearly double, Claire has called on one of the nation's top consumer protection agencies to investigate the recent spike in propane prices.  Claire, Chairman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, demanded that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) - a federal agency designed to protect consumers from fraud and abusive practices associated with market speculation and manipulation - examine whether normal market forces are causing the dramatic spike in propane prices, or if opportunistic trading and price manipulation are at play.
“We’ve made a lot of progress these past few years, creating millions of jobs and pulling our economy out of the ditch—but there are an awful lot of commonsense ideas still sitting on the table that could build on that success, if elected leaders stop kowtowing to the political extremes and start working toward compromise to get things done. Raising the minimum wage for working families, building innovative private-public partnerships to invest in our roads and bridges, making the tax code fairer, and fixing our broken immigration system aren’t partisan initiatives. They’re commonsense goals that we should all be ready to rally behind to strengthen America’s middle class families.” -Claire #StateOfTheUnion #SOTU
Are you watching tonight's State of the Union address? Tell us what you hope to hear from the President.   Watch the #SOTU live at 9pm ET/8pm CT.
I truly appreciate all of the feedback you provided this morning during Facebook Q&A on the State of the Union. Thanks to my fellow West Virginians who participated and shared their ideas and concerns.
What did you think of last night's State of the Union? I'm looking forward to hosting a live discussion at 11 a.m. with fellow West Virginians on the President's address and I encourage you to begin posting your questions and comments now. Also, please let me know where you are from in West Virginia when posting. I’ll be on momentarily to begin the discussion.
What did you think of last night's State of the Union? I'm looking forward to hosting a live discussion around 11 a.m. with fellow West Virginians on the President's address and I encourage you to begin posting your questions and comments now. Also, please let me know where you are from in West Virginia when posting. I’ll be on momentarily to begin the discussion.
The President gave a strong speech that emphasized the need to translate the wishes of the American public into real legislative accomplishments.  The American people want to see expansion of our economy; investments in infrastructure; making work pay by increasing the minimum wage; boosting homegrown energy; reforming our immigration system; and ensuring that those that are looking sincerely for work receive unemployment insurance benefits.    I focus every day on getting people back to work and creating new jobs.  Tonight, the President underscored his commitment to building new ladders of opportunity into the middle-class and strengthening the first rung: education.  Expanding opportunities from pre-school through graduate school is essential.  We must come together to improve our schools and reduce the burden of student debt so that our families, communities, and our economy can thrive.  We need to spur job creation, but in addition to that, we need to equip current and future generations of Americans with the skills and training to successfully compete for those jobs.  I am committed to helping restore Rhode Island’s manufacturing might by focusing on advanced technologies and I was pleased the President reaffirmed his commitment to launching several new regional manufacturing innovation institutes.  I will do everything I can to support Rhode Island’s efforts to compete for one of these new, advanced manufacturing hubs.  President Obama also stressed the need for investing in our infrastructure.  Together with my colleagues in the Senate, I am working to leverage private capital and help finance large-scale investments in Rhode Island transportation, water, energy, and high-tech projects.  I have also secured funding to upgrade our ports and help modernize T.F. Green Airport and expand the runway to help attract new business, jobs, and visitors to Rhode Island.    Through smart investments and collective action, we must do the things today that will improve our economy and benefit the next generation of Americans.
We’re very close on a deal to extend extend emergency unemployment compensation for 3 months. We just need a couple of Republicans to step over the line and join us.
Oh and... #SOTU @nowthisnews @washingtonpost
Getting ready for #SOTU - Thanks @washingtonpost
Five years ago today I was proud to see the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act signed into law, an important bill that strengthened protections for victims of pay discrimination.    Equal pay for equal work should be a matter of common sense. But the unfortunate reality is that too many women in the work place still find themselves victims of pay discrimination. We need to do more – starting with passing the Paycheck Fairness Act – to build on the efforts of people like Lilly Ledbetter so that ultimately, all women are paid what they deserve for their hard work.   LIKE and SHARE if you agree!
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on President Obama’s State of the Union address:   “Both parties must work together on our most important priorities: helping create jobs, growing our economy, and strengthening small businesses in New Hampshire and across the country. There are a number of bipartisan proposals that Congress should act on immediately to accomplish these goals, including my bipartisan energy efficiency legislation which will help stimulate the economy, save taxpayers money, and protect our environment from pollution. Higher education is also smart investment in our economic future; we have to make college more affordable for students so that they can acquire the necessary skills to meet future economic demand.    "In recent weeks we’ve seen signs of bipartisan progress on important issues facing our country and I hope we will build on that cooperation to address the many additional challenges we face as a nation. I will continue to work across the aisle with anyone who is willing to work in good faith to move our economy, and our country, forward."
NA
Like many New Mexicans, I’m frustrated by the tough economic recovery. People in our state are still working to pull themselves out of the recession. Now is a time for bold but practical ideas that will support middle class families and ensure they can afford to buy a house and educate their kids. I was pleased tonight to hear the president pledge to roll up his sleeves to make real changes to support the middle class.  More on my #SOTU statement below:
Tonight President Obama made clear that he is committed to using the full power of his office to address some of the major issues facing our country.  From addressing the minimum wage, to advancing job creation and addressing carbon pollution, there is a great deal that the President can do now, without delay.  I stand ready to support his efforts because I know Rhode Islanders can’t afford to wait. We can’t wait while minimum wage workers see rising costs outpace their incomes.   We can’t wait while foreign nations out-compete the United States for the clean energy jobs of tomorrow.   And we can’t wait while rising oceans and warmer waters threaten our seaside communities.   I’m glad the President is committed to acting on these problems, and I will continue working to convince Congressional Republicans to wake up and join us in the fight.
Excited to be bringing Scott DePasquale, CEO of Utilidata, as my guest for the State of the Union address tonight.  Scott’s work is a great Rhode Island example of how innovative businesses can help jumpstart our state’s economy.  And as we continue fighting the effects of climate change, Scott’s business helps transmit energy in a more efficient way that can reduce harmful carbon pollution.   I thank Scott for his work and I'm looking forward to hearing from the President about his vision for America’s clean energy future.
