This weekend, Senator Chuck Schumer and I unveiled our Rail Safety Improvement Act in light of cascading catastrophes, derailments, spectacular crashes, senseless worker injuries and deaths, and needless mundane delays on Metro-North. Rigorous public oversight and scrutiny are critical, and that's where this bill begins. We must assure that safety and reliability standards receive real enforcement, not mere lip service. The watchdog agencies must bite, not just bark, and whistleblowers must be protected. We need a national rail strategy, and this measure seeks to restore public trust and confidence and assure that railroads reflect what commuters and communities demand—safety and reliability, and on time performance, as complementary not conflicting goals. The bill also lays the groundwork for investments in important technology like Positive Train Control (PTC) and other upgrades that are proven to save lives and enhance service.   They must be followed by other investments that hopefully will gain bipartisan support, because they benefit our economy and all Americans. Read and share: http://j.mp/1s2bfqm
Back in #Annapolis for an #EPW field hearing on achieving the goals of the The Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement. Only by working together, will we be able to leave our children a #Chesapeake Bay that is cleaner than it is today. #SaveTheBay.
Over the weekend I visited the 37th Annual Nanticoke Powwow taking place in Millsboro with more than 40 tribes from across the country.  While there I was treated with an “Honor Song” and invited into the inner dance circle with Chief Bill Daisey.  It was very cool.
NA
I am pleased that the Senate voted today to proceed to debate the Democracy for All amendment.  The Citizens United ruling significantly increased the power of corporate special interests by giving them the ability to spend unlimited amounts of money to influence elections.  The ruling has allowed a handful of wealthy individuals and corporations to skew the national debate at the expense of hard working Pennsylvanians.  Amendments to the Constitution should never be taken lightly but it is time to address the role of money in politics.  This bill will help to level the playing field and put power back in the hands of the American people.
Today, the New York Times Editorial Board highlighted my efforts to assist miners in navigating the bureaucracy preventing them from accessing black lung benefits.
Joined by a local emergency room doctor and nurse, and an advocate for nurses in schools and author of a key study on nursing shortages in Philadelphia schools, I pushed for passage of a plan that could lead to more nurses schools in Philadelphia and across the country.
Decisions like #CitizensUnited and #McCutcheon unleashed a tidal wave of special interest and corporate money into elections which has effectively silenced the voices of average Americans. Corporations don’t get married. They don’t raise kids.  They don’t care for sick relatives. And they cannot vote in elections or run for office. Corporations have the right to be heard, but they shouldn’t be able to use their enormous economic power to sway federal elections. That’s why I’ll be supporting S.J. Resolution 19, which would undo this damage.
Each year, organizations across the country recognize September as Suicide Prevention Month. This September, the VA has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the Veterans Crisis Line—a confidential resource for veterans and their families seeking immediate help. Share this link to let a veteran or servicemember in your life know that they’re not alone.
I discussed the need to confront ISIS on CNN's State of the Union with Candy Crowley on Sunday. Watch here: 
ISIS is a vicious, brutal terrorist group with the aim of attacking us. It must be confronted. My op-ed in USA TODAY:
Cankdeska Cikana Community College in Fort Totten will receive more than $675,000 in federal funds to develop a new Native American Research Center for Health. Encouraging Native American students to become involved in academic research, addressing the health disparities in Indian Country and expanding medical research opportunities in North Dakota are all important to keep our state on a successful path forward – and these funds do just that. 
Read the Williston Herald’s in-depth look at the presence of human trafficking in North Dakota and the horrific realities that are plaguing our state. I’ve been working to make sure victims get the support they need, and I’m confident that if we work together within our communities and provide the necessary resources to local organizations and law enforcement to address this problem, we can combat human trafficking in our state. http://www.willistonherald.com/news/modernized-slavery/article_84e257d8-3615-11e4-a4f8-001a4bcf887a.html 
Take a look at some of the photos from my recent two-week tour of the Commonwealth:  
I'm so pleased to be named the Congressional Fire Services Institute’s legislator of the year for my commitment to firefighters in Maryland and across America. I’ll keep fighting for our firefighters who everyday put their lives on the line to keep us safe and protect homes, families & communities. 
Panera did the right thing by asking customers to leave guns at home. Another big win for #gunsense advocates http://t.co/qNZw087WHQ
NA
“This is one of the most important jobs I have. Whether we keep our promises to veterans reflects on the character of our nation," Claire said today after attending a Purple Heart ceremony at St. Peters City Hall honoring Vietnam veteran Patrick Howe.   Claire's office worked both with Mr. Howe and the U.S. Army to submit the necessary witness statements and documentation, and he was successfully approved for a Purple Heart with two Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters on August 12.
Our brave veterans and active service members have risked their lives for our great country, and there is nothing more devastating than knowing that some of our courageous heroes come home and find themselves in severe psychological trauma. Even one military suicide is too many. This Veteran Suicide Prevention Month, I strongly encourage all West Virginians to learn more, get involved and help prevent military and veteran suicide, because the health and well-being of our veterans should always remain a top priority for all West Virginians and Americans:  http://www.militaryfamily.org/feature-articles/suicide-prevention.html
If spending is speech, where does that leave middle class Americans? Working families can’t compete with billionaires.  While the Koch Brothers and other special interests are using their big money to make their voices heard, Americans are being systematically disenfranchised.  This week, the Senate will vote on a constitutional amendment that will limit the raising and spending of money for federal political campaigns.   Our voice -- not our checkbook -- is the very essence of American democracy. That's an important principle that I will fight for.
NA
Pleased Bausch & Lomb's new line of ULTRA lenses will be made in Rochester by NY workers #MadeinNY
This evening, Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor in support of her bipartisan resolution honoring the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, who were brutally murdered by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) terrorists. The resolution is co-sponsored by Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Bill Nelson (D-FL), Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and mourns the loss of Foley and Sotloff and strongly condemns ISIS while calling for the immediate release of all hostages held by the terrorist organization.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1nGWrZb  
Senator Shaheen spoke at a ceremony at Pease Air Force Base yesterday to congratulate the men and women of the Air National Guard 157th Refueling Wing as well as the entire New Hampshire Air National Guard and New Hampshire National Guard on the official selection of Pease as the home for the new KC-46A Pegasus refueling tankers.   Senator Shaheen and the entire New Hampshire congressional delegation have advocated for nearly two years for Pease to be the final selection for  the project, which is estimated to create 100 jobs and invest millions in New Hampshire’s economy.   Please “LIKE” to congratulate Pease AFB!   http://1.usa.gov/1we9ZQY
Proud to award the Distinguished Service Medal and other medals to the family of the late Edmond Juneau on Friday.  Edmond was a World War II hero who bravely fought for our country.
Don’t forget to tune in on C-SPAN 2 today to watch the debate on my campaign finance amendment. I’ll be speaking at approximately 3:30 ET about the need to ensure that our elections aren’t bought and paid for by secret donors and special interests. You have called loudly for sensible campaign finance reforms to create a level playing field and take control of elections out of the hands of corporations and billionaires and give it back to American voters. Watch on C-SPAN 2 or online at http://www.c-span.org. 
Today I voted to move forward on a Constitutional amendment to overturn the Citizen’s United decision. We need to get away from the oversized influence of secret money in order to move towards a more civil political dialogue.
Nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that our bipartisan housing finance reform bill would reduce the deficit by $58 billion over the next 10 years. Fixing our broken housing system is the last piece of unfinished business remaining after the 2008 economic meltdown. Our legislation would protect taxpayers from future downturns while preserving the availability of the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage for homebuyers 1.usa.gov/1lE0er4
Incredible to be there as the USS John Warner was christened this weekend. It's a fitting honor for John, who I am proud to call my friend. John is a mentor, a role model, and a statesman – and always, always a Virginia gentleman.
We don’t run this country for a handful of wealthy individuals and giant corporations. Today I spoke on the Senate floor in support of a Constitutional amendment introduced by Senator Tom Udall to give Congress and individual states the authority to regulate campaign finance and rein in money pouring into our political process.
