The Metro State Roadrunners are playing for a DII Men's basketball Final Four slot. Finish strong Metro State!  http://www.ncaa.com/championship/liveplayer/player?gameId=291177&date=2013/03/28
Getting input from folks who work tirelessly to meet housing demands in Minot
At Central Power Cooperative’s annual meeting in Minot. Chatting about Farm Bill and energy.
Discussing Minot flood recovery with Mayor Curt Zimbelman and other local leaders.
Another important step in Minot’s recovery from the devastating 2011 floods. Progress made, but still work to do.
Congratulations to my friend Lacey Putney for an amazing career of service. We're on different sides politically, but I've long admired his energy and civility.
Had a frank, informative discussion with members of the New Jersey Head Start Association and program directors. Head Start is such a crucial program, helping our youngest, most vulnerable New Jerseyans get the social and educational development they need so they aren’t behind in kindergarten and beyond. 
 
 Unfortunately, sequestration cuts funding for Head Start, impacting around 1,300 New Jersey children who are in the program.  This is very upsetting. Sequestration wasn’t a good idea then, which is why I voted against this flawed idea, and it’s not a good idea now. It’s our children, middle class families, our military and working Americans who are paying the price. I will continue working with my colleagues to put in place a responsible, balanced alternative. We cannot and must not let these across-the-board cuts continue.
Thank you to Korean Counsel General Son Se-Joo for coming to my Newark office this afternoon. We had a good discussion on the issues that our Korean-American community here in New Jersey hold in high priority. The Korean-Americans who call New Jersey home not only contribute to our state’s tremendous diversity, but also help New Jersey realize our full potential as a force in the global economy. I value the Counsel General’s insights as we look forward to building stronger relations between our nations, working together to fulfill the best of our common interests.
Lanza reports today underscore need for bold action by Congress on gun reform. We need to be serious about this http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341215
Thanks to Backus Hospital for hosting me today. Great discussion & feedback helps my work on the HELP committee
Great discussion today with defense subcontractors to talk about growing the industry in CT
My thanks to the team at Electric Boat in Groton for a great tour. They're doing incredible work
Claire announced yesterday that Joplin is set receive a $113 million in grant funding to aid in the ongoing recovery efforts from 2011’s devastating tornado.   “Days after the tornado struck, I saw the destruction and hurt of this community firsthand. But that’s not what amazed me the most — it was the strength and determination of everyone I met to rebuild and reclaim their community. These federal funds will only further the efforts to rebuild and recover.” – Claire
If you are looking for a new dish to add to your Easter spread this weekend, try Mama Kay’s Easter Bread. This Manchin family favorite was originally prepared by Senator Manchin’s grandmother, “Mama Kay.”  http://bit.ly/10d90jP
Best of luck today to the West Liberty University Hilltoppers against Winona State in the NCAA Division II Elite Eight. Lets Go Toppers!
NA
Senator Shaheen helped celebrate Women’s History Month today as she spoke at a meeting of the Women’s Resource Network at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard about the importance of women in the fields of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). Shaheen underscored the need to attract women to emerging careers in STEM and highlighted the STEM initiatives already underway at the Shipyard. Read more below.
Speaking with Eunice residents at the Eunice Community Center.
When I was RI's Attorney General, I saw too many young people in the criminal justice system whose lives turned for the worse during middle school. When our office adopted a local middle school, I also saw that there were ways to make a difference. That's why in the U.S. Senate, I am honored to be introducing a piece of legislation originally sponsored by Barack Obama, before he was elected President: the Success in the Middle Act.    This legislation would help disadvantaged middle-grade students reach their full potential by providing federal grants to underachieving school systems. I was glad to announce the introduction of this legislation at Gilbert Stuart Middle School with Senator Reed.
Speaking with community leaders about immigration reform at Habana Cafe in Roanoke
Tom Menino is the best. Period.  He is the best mayor in America.  He  is the best friend to the neighborhoods and people of Boston. He is the best example of how a city can and should be governed.  His friendship and good counsel is invaluable to me and I will continue to rely on it every day. I thank him for all he has done for the families of Boston over the last two decades and for the tremendous legacy he leaves for future generations of Bostonians.
