“Baldwin delivers stirring Pride speech-- 'It’s about freedom: the freedom to love, the freedom to commit, the freedom to build a family.'"   Check out Tammy’s Pride Month speech:
Happy Small Business Week everyone! Best of luck to Virginia McAllister of Colorado-based Iron Horse Architects as she competes for the Small Business Administration's National Small Business Person of the Year award!
I just launched http://www.carper.senate.gov/immigration, where Delawareans and folks across the country can stay updated on the Senate immigration reform bill. One of the pages focuses on clearing up misinformation about our border security efforts. Our border is more secure than it’s ever been, due in no small part to record resources deployed there over the past decade. Share this album with your friends to show your support for immigration reform and to share the real facts about our border.
Today is World Refugee Day, a recognition of the millions of people displaced by conflict worldwide, who show remarkable resilience in the face of tremendous adversity.  We also recognize the dedication of humanitarian aid workers who tirelessly protect and promote the rights of refugees around the world.  They help reunite families, keep children in school, and ensure that refugees have shelter, food, medical care, and clean water.    This day is especially significant, given the ongoing, violent conflict in Syria.  Since 2011, the Assad regime’s brutality has pushed more than 1.6 million Syrians to seek refuge in neighboring countries, while millions more are displaced inside Syria.  When I visited the Kilis refugee camp in southern Turkey in April, I heard from Syrians who, more than anything, want an end to the conflict.  They are ready to return to their homes and begin rebuilding.  They want a democratic, peaceful Syria free from Assad’s oppression.  I am proud to support legislation, like the Syria Transition Support Act of 2013, which would authorize the U.S. to do more to meet the humanitarian needs of these refugees and to bring the conflict to an end.
Senator Coons was appointed today to the powerful Senate Appropriations Committee. It's the first time in 40 years that Delaware has had a vote on the influential committee!
The definition of full-time employment in the Affordable Care Act should reflect what most Americans think is full-time.  Right now, it is affecting the pocketbooks of some whose hours at work have been reduced.  Cutting hours results in families struggling to make ends meet, to provide an education for their children, and to save for the future. #40isfulltime
READ: Senator Donnelly’s statement on the House Farm Bill vote.
Yesterday, Senator Donnelly and Senator Susan Collins sent a letter to President Barack Obama to express their concerns about the definition of “full-time” in the #ACA, the uncertainty it creates for employers across the country, and to urge him to work with the employer community to offer transition relief without penalty. To read the letter in full, please click here. #40isfulltime
This week I introduced, along with Sen. Tom Udall, an amendment to the immigration reform bill to extend the commercial and private hours of operation for vehicles at the Santa Teresa Port of Entry from 12 hours to 24. The goal is to ensure our border communities thrive and benefit fully from their unique bi-national culture and economy while strengthening our national security. Extending the hours will lead to more efficient trade between the United States and Mexico, grow our economy, create new jobs, and invest in border security efforts at our nation's ports.
I’m deeply disappointed the House has once again failed to provide our agricultural producers with the certainty they need to run their businesses by passing a long term Farm Bill. Instead of supporting real reform that ends outdated farm policies, consolidates programs, provides billions of dollars in savings to the American tax payer, and ensures the continuation of a farm safety net – the House has bent to extreme views in its failure to pass this needed legislation. American agriculture provides over 16 million jobs to the American economy and is the key driver of wealth creation in rural communities. If our country is to continue to be a world leader in agricultural production, we need our leaders in Washington to step up and do their part.
Happy National Small Business Week! This morning I chaired a roundtable for the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee regarding the effects of sequestration on small business.  #SBW2013 #SmallBiz
Today is #WorldRefugeeDay I met with refugees from Iraq and Sierra Leone this morning who are now living in #NorthDakota. These refugees – who have fled violence, persecution, and human rights violations in their home countries – are sharing their stories with Members of Congress and expressing their gratitude for, and the importance of, the assistance they received upon arrival in the United States.  Along with other Senators, I have sponsored a Senate Resolution being introduced today that highlights the challenges refugees face and the courage they show on their journeys to safety.
This afternoon I met w/ Secretary Shinseki about critical issues facing our veterans and the VA, including the disability claims backlog and the tragic rate of veteran suicides. I was encouraged to hear first-hand from Secretary Shinseki about the VA’s technological and process improvements and the significant news that 97 percent of all claims over two years old have been eliminated from the backlog.  The Secretary and I also had a good dialogue on the high unemployment rate for returning veterans and discussed some of the strategies included in my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, to connect those who have served our nation with good jobs that match their training. The skills our servicemembers receive are invaluable to our economy and we need to do more to pair veterans with the credentials the private sector can understand.
Enjoyed talking with PBS NewsHour’s Ray Suarez about the need to pass commonsense immigration reform. Check out our conversation here:
SHARE the image below if you care about corporate greed! 
 
 Recent actions by House Republicans would take us in the wrong direction: The pay-ratio provision I authored in 2010 should be ENFORCED, not repealed. (http://on.wsj.com/104U61w)
 
 My colleagues in the House want to let companies hide from their embarrassing wage disparities, but I think we need more transparency, not less. 
 
 And, if you want to know the truth now, since the SEC has yet to act, check out this  eye-opening list Bloomberg put together: http://go.bloomberg.com/multimedia/ceo-pay-ratio/
I’m saddened at the news of James Gandolfini’s untimely death. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and all who were close to him. He was a distinctive, talented actor whose unforgettable performances made him a television icon. 
 
 Through all of his success, James Gandolfini remained a proud New Jerseyan, a Westwood native and a Rutgers University graduate.
"The 5K Motion," a 30 minute film about the role of girls and women in violent crime, will debut tonight at The Klein Auditorium in Bridgeport at 6:30 p.m., beginning with a showing of the film, followed by a discussion with women sharing their real life experiences. I highly encourage all in the area to attend – we have to break the cycle of violent crime. Thank you to the brave women who will be sharing their stories and taking the first step to break this cycle. http://www.greenwichtime.com/local/article/Film-explores-girls-and-women-s-role-in-gun-4609528.php#photo-4805755
Just intro'd bill w Senator Tom Udall, Senator Rand Paul, and Senator Mike Lee to block military funds for Syrian opposition groups http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=344133
Happy birthday to my best friend and the love of my life, Gayle. She makes West Virginia Day even more special to me every year.
As always, I enjoyed talking with my friends on Morning Joe today. Watch it here if you missed it earlier.  http://nbcnews.to/105wqdx
Yesterday I honored West Virginia's sesquicentennial on the Senate floor. Watch the link below.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0gsCmNsIog
Happy 150th West Virginia Day to all of my fellow West Virginians, and happy birthday to my beautiful wife Gayle, who makes this day even more special for me.    Today, the state of West Virginia marks a historic milestone as it marks the sesquicentennial of our birth – our 150th anniversary of statehood.   Born out of the turmoil of the Civil War a century and a half ago, we were founded by patriots who were willing to risk their lives for freedom and justice for all.  Again and again, I am inspired by West Virginians’ devotion to family, their love of country, their belief in hard work and sacrifice, and – above all – their undeniable spirit to weather any storm by coming together.   When things get tough, we get tougher.  We are West Virginians. And like the brave, loyal patriots who founded our state, our love of God and country and family and state is unshakeable.  All of us have a part in West Virginia’s amazing story, and on this 150th West Virginia Day, I urge all West Virginians to celebrate all of the many reasons our state is special. We should all be proud of how far we’ve come and how far we will go.   https://vimeo.com/68775373
The senseless sequester cuts are putting all the great work that the National Institutes of Health does at risk. Innovations at NIH can save lives and save Americans billions of dollars each year on medical care. We should reduce the deficit by making smart investments, not by making short-sighted cuts:
On Wednesday, June 19th, Senator Jeanne Shaheen hosted more than 150 members of the New Hampshire business community in Washington for her 3rd Annual New Hampshire Business Day Luncheon. The event gives the New Hampshire business community an opportunity to come to Capitol Hill and hear directly from government leaders and key congressional officials about federal programs and agencies that support, regulate, and offer research and technical assistance to businesses. To read more about the 3rd Annual New Hampshire Business Day Luncheon, click here: http://1.usa.gov/17Ygoqv
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Today the House of Representatives failed to pass their Farm Bill.  Two years in a row, the Senate has passed a bipartisan, five-year plan that saves taxpayer dollars and preserves a strong safety net.  It's time for the House to get on board and support Montana's number one industry.
After finding out a 29-year-old contractor leaked classified national security information, I am chairing a hearing today to question top officials how they issue security clearances.  Watch LIVE at 12:30 MT: http://cs.pn/hofsb4
In the months leading up to our debate on immigration reform, I heard from leaders in our state’s immigrant community, as well as from business leaders and men and women who have lost their jobs to foreign workers. One message came through loud and clear: Our immigration system is broken. I agree, and that’s why I spoke on the Senate floor last night to urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan immigration reform bill. Let’s fix this. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCDmhaRaZjo&feature=youtu.be
NA
Our national park system provides outstanding recreation and tourism opportunities for roughly 300 million people a year, and serve as real economic drivers for surrounding communities by generating more than $30 billion in economic activity annually. Our national parks are truly "America’s Best Idea" and I am proud to sponsor this bipartisan bill to continue supporting them at no additional cost to taxpayers.
