At the Kenosha Chamber of Commerce breakfast, Tammy discussed how bipartisanship is crucial to strengthening both the Made in Wisconsin economy as well as the national economy.  Read more:
It’s National Police Week, and we want to kick the week off by honoring one of Connecticut’s finest: an officer from Norwalk. Officer Joseph Martino was dispatched to a report of a suicidal female armed with a handgun at an apartment complex. After he arrived, he was advised that she was likely heading to the outside courtyard to shoot herself. He could not immediately locate the woman, and was about to enter the elevator to access her apartment. As the elevator door opened, he observed a woman who was pointing a cocked and loaded .357 caliber revolver at his stomach. He immediately grabbed the handgun placing his hand between the firing pin and the gun, preventing it from firing, and disarmed the woman, as other officers arrived to assist.    Officer Martino also received a Meritorious Service Award from the Police Commissioners Association of Connecticut for the same incident earlier this year. Share his story.
One in five women is sexually assaulted before graduating from college. After hosting seven roundtables at colleges and universities throughout Connecticut—with input from hundreds of college administrators, students, faculty, advocates, and law enforcement—Senator Blumenthal has released a college sexual assault report and bill of rights to help increase safety and accountability on college campuses.   The report outlines specific steps to ensure students are provided the protections contained in the bill of rights and offers several model programs currently being implemented on some state campuses.   Read the report here, and sign your name to pledge that you’ll help uphold these bill of rights: http://j.mp/RAnw6z
I’m glad to sign the final Water Resources Development Act of 2014 and send it to the president for his signature, ensuring greater investment in the vital infrastructure that protects and nourishes Delaware’s coastal shores and supports ports and waterways from the Chesapeake Bay watershed to the Port of Wilmington.
I am proud to celebrate Small Business Week 2014! Small businesses help foster innovation & spur our economy, creating nearly 2 out of every 3 jobs and employing nearly half of the private sector. Thank you to all the great entrepreneurs and creators that have made small businesses thrive in Delaware and across America.
Thanks to Taylor Vanvorst and the Vanderwende's family for teaching me how to make peach ice cream today at Vanderwende's Farm Creamery in Bridgeville.
This afternoon I spoke at the National Farmland Preservation Conference about the importance of conservation.
While a hashtag alone won't #BringBackOurGirls, It's important we demonstrate our support and keep up the pressure. http://instagram.com/p/n56_WLmCEY/
At a structurally deficient bridge in Harrisburg, I'm making the case to invest in bridge repair that will improve safety and boost our PA economy. http://instagram.com/p/n5sURbmCPh/
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Gloria from Wilmington about school nutrition.
Did you know that May is Mental Health Awareness Month? Help us spread the word on the importance of supporting the mental health of our soldiers by sharing Joe’s new web page dedicated to military suicide prevention.
In honor of National Police Week, be sure to thank law enforcement officers in your community for their tireless work. 
I am frustrated by today’s vote not to move forward on #EnergyEfficiency bill or bill to approve #KXL. I will continue to push to approve pipeline.
Today I joined Senators Franken, Johnson and Klobuchar to press a key federal rail oversight board to swiftly address the poor rail service that has plagued farmers, businesses and communities in North Dakota and throughout the Midwest. A study at NDSU estimated that North Dakota farmers have lost $66 million in revenue since January due to ag shipment delays – this is unacceptable. The rail company needs to do their job quickly so our farmers can get back to doing their job. 
If you have a breathtaking photo that captures the beauty of Theodore Roosevelt National Park, or any federal land across the country, enter it with the Share the Experience contest. Need some inspiration? Check out the most recent winners below. 
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy in North Dakota -- representing 96% of all employers in the state. In honor of Small Business Week, numerous online seminars are available for North Dakota small business owners to help them expand their businesses and increase sales. Follow the link to learn more about how to increase your return on business travel, how to increase customer loyalty, and more. #SBW2014 
Central Power Electric Cooperative in North Dakota received a federal loan for more than $29 million so it can meet the growing demands for electricity as North Dakota's population expands. As we worked to draft a Farm Bill, I fought to make sure rural electric cooperatives can access needed financing to meet the electrical needs of rural customers in North Dakota. 
National Small Business Week kicks off today! Check out SBA’s blog to learn how you can participate. From webinars to live-streamed events, SBA and its partners are gearing up for a great week! 
I’ve always said small businesses are the backbone of our economy – both in New Jersey & across the country.   It’s National Small Business Week right now, but we should always make a point of celebrating the hard work of our local entrepreneurs.
On National Law Enforcement Week, we recognize the brave and honorable law enforcement officers who perform an incredible job each and every day. I know I speak for all West Virginians in thanking our police officers and first responders for their unwavering dedication and service, never blinking in the sight of danger, and in honoring those who have lost their lives protecting our communities.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/
After writing Chairman Wheeler w/ other Senate Dems, interested to see FCC’s updated proposal on net neutrality rules:
Took Mom, 86 years young, to her favorite Chinese food restaurant for Mother's Day
National Small Business Week is a great opportunity to celebrate and recognize small businesses – especially in New Hampshire where small businesses make up 96 percent of all employers.  #SBW2014
NA
Honored to stand with more than 80 Virginia religious leaders representing nearly every faith and denomination to urge more coordinated response to Boko Haram.  #bringbackourgirls
There is one thing in Washington that everyone should be able to agree on, and that is we must improve how our government works. I’m happy to report the President has signed our bipartisan Digital Accountability and Transparency Act, or DATA Act into law. This groundbreaking government reform legislation will allow Virginians to track exactly how their tax dollars are being spent by the federal government.
We’ve got 40 million people across this country who are struggling with student loans, many of them at very high interest rates. This debt is crushing our former students. It is crushing our families. And it’s starting to create a drag on our economy.  Watch my NECN interview on why we need to pass the #BankOnStudents Emergency Loan Refinancing Act to help give students a #FairShot
