Now’s no time for new Iran sanctions - read my op-ed w/ Senator Carl Levin: http://politi.co/18TQqAY
"We should not be asking them to ante up even more."  The American people want both parties in Congress to work together to get done the business of our nation. This budget, while not the budget I would have written, is a sign that Democrats and Republicans can actually work together. It is truly bipartisan and represents real compromise, which should be encouraging.    I strongly support this budget agreement, but I do so with some concerns about what is included and what is left out. I would have liked to see a long-term agreement or so-called grand bargain.  Two years is longer than we’ve had recently. But I am disappointed that it is only a two-year agreement and does not completely remove sequestration. Sequestration equates to mindless, across-the-board cuts that have hurt our economy and cost us jobs in Maryland and nationally.     It is regrettable that this agreement adds a 1.3 percent increase in the retirement contributions for new hires to federal service and that it cuts the COLA for military veterans. After a three-year pay freeze, sequestration-related furloughs and other cuts, federal workers have contributed more than $120 billion toward deficit reduction. Congress should be asking what we need to ensure we have a federal workforce with the necessary skills to execute the responsibilities with maximum effect at a reasonable cost. We should not be asking them to ante up even more.     I am also disappointed that we are recessing without extending unemployment insurance for 1.3 million workers who are in danger of losing benefits on January 1. Unemployment rates are getting lower and we're all working to make sure they get as low as we can, but if you're unemployed and you're looking for work, it's tough out there. The right thing for us to do is to continue these insurance benefits …The money is there. We need to make sure those benefits are continued. It will help millions of Americans who are trying to keep their families together during these very challenging times.
I started out today by joining Peter Cook on Bloomberg TV to discuss Bitcoin and the bipartisan budget that the Senate passed yesterday.   You can check out the interview here: http://youtu.be/BFJAWenViUs
Interested in working for Senator Coons on Capitol Hill? Our Washington, D.C. office is now accepting applications for spring 2014 internships. See below for details on how to apply.
Joined U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and Senator Jack Reed this morning for a discussion on reducing student loan debt.
The Illinois health insurance marketplace is open and ready to help get you and your family covered. This law has already begun to change the lives of millions of families for the better. Are you ready to get covered? I’ve signed up for my health care coverage through the marketplace and I hope you’ll do the same. Whether you are currently uninsured, or just looking for new options, visit Get Covered Illinois or call (866) 311-1119 to learn more about the plans offered in the Illinois marketplace. To ensure coverage by January 1st, you must sign up by December 23rd. So visit or call today.
#ICYMI: Senator Joe Donnelly and Chuck Grassley led a group of 31 senators last week in writing a letter to United States Trade Representative, Ambassador Michael Froman, and U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack about the importance of addressing barriers to market access for American pork producers in the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Today is a proud day for New Mexico and a significant step forward toward creating a fairer, more just society. I am thrilled that the New Mexico Supreme Court found that our constitution requires marriage equality for all our citizens. This ruling stands to strengthen New Mexico families and affirms that loving same sex couples who accept the responsibility of marriage are respected and recognized in our state. We must continue our march toward full equality for all Americans.
Hosting Google Hangout at 3pm today to discuss the budget that passed yesterday. Post questions for me to answer live in a comment below. You can tune in on the event page here: http://bit.ly/1cCJskV 
 
 See you at 3pm.
Glad Russia decided to free Norwalk's Peter Willcox and Greenpeace Arctic30. Look forward to their safe arrival this holiday season.
We should be supporting our men and women who serve overseas, not companies that ship jobs overseas.
ICYMI: I gladly welcomed Abby Huntsman and MSNBC's The Cycle crew to wild and wonderful West Virginia earlier this month.   Must watch video from her visit:
ICYMI: My interview yesterday with Andrea Mitchell on the bipartisan budget deal. It's not perfect, but it's a step forward:
Buzzfeed's Benny Johnson should have used the scout, just scoutin' in his #tbt post: http://www.buzzfeed.com/bennyjohnson/the-most-beautiful-throwback-thursday-instagrams-from-politi
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor with Senator Portman (R-OH) to call for passage of their bipartisan energy efficiency legislation, the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act, which will help create jobs, lower costs for consumers and protect the environment. Watch the full video here: http://bit.ly/1i51DXH
Senator Schatz spoke on the floor of the U.S. Senate today about how the long-term budget will protect jobs in Hawai‘i and prevent another government shutdown.  Senator Schatz is working with Senate leaders to protect military retirees from the cost-of-living pay adjustments and extend long-term unemployment benefits.  From Senator Schatz:  “Although this budget is the right choice for many reasons, we know it is not perfect.  And I do believe we can work together to improve parts of it.  I find it unacceptable and inexplicable that the House of Representatives left town for the holidays without extending long-term unemployment benefits.  We must make it a priority to extend them immediately in January.  We need to protect military retirees from the cost-of-living pay adjustment.  The cost-of-living pay adjustment won’t take effect until January, 2015 – so we have time to fix this issue, but we must fix this issue.  Our legislation will fully pay for the change by closing a loophole that some companies are using to avoid paying U.S. taxes with offshore tax havens.  This is a commonsense fix that I believe we can get bipartisan support for.  We need a long-term budget, but not at the expense of our military retirees.  “Without this budget agreement, there would have been an additional $20 billion in cuts to our defense programs, hitting next month.  Those defense cuts would disproportionately hurt my home state of Hawai‘i.  Without this budget agreement, 25,000 federal civilian workers in Hawai‘i would be furloughed or laid off.  Hawai‘i can’t afford that.  I voted for this budget to prevent those cuts.  The bipartisan budget agreement finally provides relief from the sequester and a path forward to get our economy on the right track.  Most importantly, the budget protects Social Security and Medicare benefits.”
Senator Schatz is working with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York on an Opportunity Plan for families and legislation to create a national paid family and medical leave insurance program.  This would ensure that workers in Hawai‘i and across the country would no longer have to choose between a paycheck and caring for themselves or a family member.  Watch their interview on Hawaii News Now this morning:  http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/24253717/sen-brian-schatz-ta
LIKE and SHARE the news: The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee this morning approved my Forest Jobs and Recreation Act.  This is great progress for Montana’s economy, Montana jobs and our treasured places, and I will continue fighting for final passage.
Today's court ruling is a resounding victory for New Mexicans in all four corners who love one another and deserve to be treated equally under the law - just as our Constitution intended. Our country has come a long way in advancing marriage equality for all, and I am proud New Mexico is joining in that forward progress. I'm also glad the court has finally provided the legal clarity for the countless New Mexicans who have been in limbo for too long, and I congratulate all our families in New Mexico who will finally be treated with the respect and dignity they deserve.
In the Ocean State, flood insurance matters to so many homeowners - and as our climate continues to change, it will only become more important.  That's why I was glad to join a coalition of Senators seeking to delay federal flood insurance hikes that would hurt too many Rhode Islanders.
