Dickerson, MD - U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance and Small Business committees, toured the state-of-the-art facilities at the Sugarloaf Mountain Vineyard today. The visit was the first stop in Montgomery County for his ‘Made in Maryland’ tour of companies that are making innovative products and reinvesting in our communities to help grow Maryland’s economy. Following the tour, Senator Cardin was joined by local businesses, including other Maryland wineries, catering and tourism representatives to discuss how the federal government could best support regional businesses.    http://alturl.com/sv6g5
#Washington, DC – As part of the blank-slate process established by the #Finance Committee leadership, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-#MD), a member of the #Senate Finance Committee, has submitted his ideas on how to best reform the U.S. #Tax Code.  His priorities include enhanced progressivity, encouraging savings, promoting job-creating energy sector investments, and other proposals that would invest in our current and future economy.  “It is time we embraced a balanced approach to our budget. This requires reforming our current tax structure and reforming it in such a way that makes sense and is fair so that no one, especially the middle class is left to bear our fiscal burden alone. Chairman Max Baucus and Ranking Member Senator Orrin Hatch have provided an opportunity for all members of the Senate to participate in comprehensive tax reform and they will need this kind of input and partnership to write a bill that can be supported by a majority of the Senate. As a member of the Finance Committee, I have been and plan to continue to be actively engaged in this process.   “I believe that comprehensive tax reform should produce sufficient and sustainable revenues that will encourage economic growth, help deal with our budget deficit and support ongoing investments in our future. Within that framework, I have shared some areas of high concern with the committee, including:     • the need to maintain or increase the #fairness and progressivity in the tax code • the outlines of a progressive consumption tax that would reduce or eliminate #incometaxes for many #Americans and lower corporate taxes for small businesses and others • the essential goal of protecting savings, especially retirement savings • incentives for innovation in the energy sector that will make energy cleaner, more secure and affordable; help build an industry of inherently domestic jobs; enhance our national security by decreasing our reliance on foreign energy sources; enhance economic stability; and reduce global #environmental impacts   “As we debate #taxreform, we should set partisanship aside to encourage investments in programs that will create jobs and enable more Americans to take home a growing paycheck.”     ###
Saturday is the last day of the 2013 State Fair. If you go, make sure you check out the actual Blue Hens on display!
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Toyota announced it will create more than 200 new jobs and invest another $30 million to increase production at its Princeton, Indiana plant.
Last year Californians faced a gasoline price spike that forced commuters to pay hundreds of dollars to fill up their tanks. My amendment requires FTC and CFTC to coordinate energy market oversight to protect Californians from these unexplained price spikes.
I know many of you follow me on Twitter (@SenatorHeitkamp), so I wanted to give you a heads up about my first Twitter Town Hall! It will begin Thursday, August 1, at 10:45 a.m. CT. Starting today, post a tweet with a question about education, followed by your hometown with the hashtag: AskHeidiH
I am accepting internship applications for the fall. Interns in my office have the chance to serve North Dakota, while also gaining real-world skills and witnessing government in action. Learn more here:
Proud to introduce legislation to encourage peace & reunification on the Korean Peninsula in recognition of hundreds of Korean War veterans who will gather in the nation's capital to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the Korean War Armistice. I am proud that the United States has stood shoulder-to-shoulder with South Korea to promote and defend international security, economic prosperity, and the rule of law on the Korean Peninsula. Progress towards peace and reunification between the two nations would mean greater security and prosperity for the region and the world.
What a great Friday. Earlier today I was proud to join members of the Linden Fire Department to announce $2.4 million to keep firefighters on the job.
This week I continued my fight to protect small businesses from payroll service provider tax theft & fraud. As the daughter of a small business owner, I saw first-hand how they help weave the social fabric, hiring local workers and investing in communities.  Small businesses need a government on their side. My common-sense reforms will help protect them from schemes & scams.
My letter to Senators Baucus and Hatch outlining important priorities for tax reform: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345424
NA
Remembering the late Mike Whitt today for his life-long dedication to improving life for Mingo Countians. It was a pleasure to join the Whitt family for the unveiling of the memorial sign located at the beginning of the Mingo County stretch of the King Coal Highway.
 --------------------------
People can see something strange is going on with our environment. We’ve got to start talking about it and doing something about it. We can no longer watch devastating weather events and think “it’s happening just because it’s happening.” It’s happening because of the ravages of climate change. Experts agree: http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2013/jul/25/panel-renewable-energy-experts-decry-climate-chang/
Senator Shaheen had the pleasure of meeting with New Hampshire representatives from the Girls & Boys Nation program. Pictured from left to right are Genevieve Corman of Windham, Mollie Gills of Hollis, Grant Johnson of Brookline and Douglas Marino of Newfield.
A great shot from Ernie Mills of of the moon setting behind Mt. Washington! 
Interesting tour at The Bioscience Center in Albuquerque today to meet with entrepreneurs and discuss supporting startups and the biotechnology sector in New Mexico. The BioScience Center is a business incubator that assists the development of new companies. It's the only one in New Mexico focused on nurturing bioscience through exciting collaborations with our labs, universities and businesses. Their work includes everything from finding safer ways to detect breast cancer with fewer false results, to developing new waterproofing technology. These are the kinds of public-private partnerships we must support to grow New Mexico's economy. I look forward to working with these innovative entrepreneurs and helping them build on their success through my position on the Senate Appropriations Committee and more. Thanks to Stuart and Lisa for a great tour.
Congratulations to Rio Arriba County for making this terrific video featuring local citizens, families, and employees of local businesses, made by local filmmakers and musicians. Some of northern New Mexico’s most beautiful scenery is also showcased, including the Red Rocks in Abiquiu, the Rio Grande River between Velarde and Dixon, the Tierra Amarilla Courthouse and more! Makes me even more excited to travel there on Saturday. Watch this video and share it with others to show another example of how great New Mexico really is.
The Hope & Main culinary incubator in Warren will create jobs and help promising culinary entrepreneurs start their businesses right here in Rhode Island. I was proud to support this project from the beginning, and couldn't have been happier to celebrate today's groundbreaking.
The Rhode Island student senators from @ALAGirlsNation and American Legion Boys Nation are an inspiring group!  In addition to answering their questions about the infrastructure bill we're working on in the Senate, it was great to hear about the bills they're working on in their mock Senate. I was especially pleased to hear that the Boys Nation Senate passed gay marriage by an overwhelming margin. Please join me in encouraging all of them to stay involved with public service!
NA
Had a great time this morning with more than 225 Virginia Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts, Royal Rangers and their families!
