Our thoughts go out to our neighbors in Moore, Oklahoma, as well as the surrounding communities that have been affected by these devastating tornadoes. Help spread the word about this Red Cross website that allows people to search for family and friends or list yourself as safe.
Hyattsville, MD – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) met today with community leaders from across Prince George’s and Montgomery counties in Maryland for a roundtable on immigration reform. Hosted by CASA de Maryland, the roundtable discussion provided an opportunity for Senator Cardin to hear from key stakeholders in the immigration debate and to share the latest proposals coming from Washington. The event follows the first week of deliberation by the Senate Judiciary Committee of comprehensive immigration reform legislation (S. 744). It also comes just days after a group in the House of Representatives announced that they had reached a bipartisan agreement on immigration reform. 
 
 “We need to seize this unprecedented opportunity to pass real, bipartisan immigration reform. We cannot do this in pieces; it must be a comprehensive effort that allows for a fair pathway to citizenship for the approximately 11 million undocumented immigrants now living in the United States. 
 
 “Now that the Senate is moving forward on a bipartisan plan and Members of the House of Representatives have developed a bipartisan plan, there is real hope that we can achieve reforms that would strengthen border security, create a fair legalization program, and create a workable system to ensure that employers only hire legal workers in the future. We also should not forget that immigration reform also is about keeping families together and ensuring that immigration laws are respected.”
 
 Maryland has an estimated 275,000 undocumented immigrants, accounting for 4.6 percent of the state’s population and 6.2 percent of the labor force, according to a 2010 estimate by the Pew Research Hispanic Center. Senator Cardin has spoken out in support of comprehensive reform legislation that will ensure our borders are secure and develop a process that will give millions of undocumented immigrants an opportunity to emerge from the shadows and find a path toward citizenship if they want to stay in this country.
 
 CASA of Maryland is a community organization that was founded in 1985 by Central American refugees and North Americans.  CASA's primary mission is to work with the community to improve the quality of life and fight for equal treatment and full access to resources and opportunities for low-income Latinos and their families. CASA also works with other low-income immigrant communities and organizations, makes its programs and activities available to them, and advocates for social, political, and economic justice for all low-income communities.
Interstate 81 is a key part of Pennsylvania’s economy and it’s critical to find all the answers about last week’s crash. An investigation by the NTSB could help increase awareness about risks along I-81 and provide more details on how this accident occurred.
Share this good news with your friends. Over the weekend, Thomas Jefferson Middle School in Valparaiso and Munster High School placed in the top 20 in this year’s Science Olympiad National Tournament. The schools competed against 118 teams from across the country at Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio. This was Munster’s first trip and Thomas Jefferson’s 24th time to compete in this national tournament.
There were 26,000 cases of sexual assault in our armed forces last year. One in five female servicemembers report unwanted sexual contact during their service. We need a zero-tolerance policy for sexual assault and violence in our armed forces.
Critically important week as the full Senate debates a long-term Farm Bill.
Senate Ag Chairwoman Stabenow introducing the Farm Bill on Senate floor now. Watch live:
From Sunday's bittersweet ceremony. We will never forget Sgt. 1st Class Darren Linde and Spc. Tyler Orgaard.
Senator Kaine and his wife Anne Holton attend the second annual 5K walk to honor foster families and raise awareness about foster care and adoption.
If you wear it, if you eat it, if you drive it, if you use it, it probably came through the Port of New York and New Jersey. That’s why I’m excited about the progress we’re making to raise the Bayonne Bridge. This will keep our economy competitive and give our port access to the largest ships. Great news for New Jersey!
Skipped breakfast, was starving by time I got to BDL. Had to get a bagel for $1.11 - couldn't afford butter or cream cheese.
Following a roundtable with CT veterans, discussing steps Congress can and should take to reduce the VA backlog now
I'm taking the SNAP challenge this week to learn firsthand what it means to live on the food stamp budget: about $3 per day. I'll keep you updated as I go
Today, Claire announced the opening of the application process for an appointment to one of the U.S. Service Academies for the Class of 2018. Candidates for a Congressional nomination must be a resident of Missouri and a U.S. citizen; at least 17 years old and not past his or her 23rd birthday by July 1 of the year of admission; unmarried with no children or dependents; and able to meet high leadership, academic, physical and medical standards. 
 
 All interested applicants can apply on Claire’s website, HERE: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=page&id=287
Pleased that West Virginia's request to withdraw from No Child Left Behind was granted by the U.S. Department of Education.   http://1.usa.gov/10JJAgh
NA
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 31 - McDowell County   Fact: Home to Homer Hickam, author of Rocket Boys. http://bit.ly/17TQxQq  Tourism: Visit the Indian Ridge Trail System. It is the most recently added 75 mile addition to the Hatfield-McCoy Trails Family.
The Senate needs to take action before July 1 to prevent student loan rates from doubling. Please share this graphic to support our efforts to freeze current rates.
"Thinking and praying for the people of Oklahoma, who have experienced one of the worst tornadoes in the history of our planet ." -BES
Saying hello to the WWII veterans who are in DC with the Big Sky Honor Flight
"While saying he did not blame people for becoming cynical and alienated about the hyper-partisan political climate, Warner pressed George Mason University graduates to involve themselves in the nation’s political debates in a respectful manner.  “We should be able to debate these critical issues without questioning each other’s motives or commitment to our country,” he said. “No one in politics – and I mean no one – has a monopoly on virtue or patriotism or the truth.”  (staff)
