House Republicans & Speaker John Boehner could fix our broken immigration system in 2 hours. 
Happening now: helping lead a VA claims backlog working group with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. U.S. Senator Dean Heller Senator John Walsh Senator Pat Toomey Jerry Moran.
Yesterday, I stood with my colleagues in voting to proceed to S.J. Res. 19—a constitutional amendment that would limit the raising and spending of money for federal elections.   Middle class and working Americans can’t compete with billionaires, and allowing big money to influence elections is the antithesis of our Democracy. Outside spending in the 2014 election cycle has more than tripled from the amount outside groups spent in the same time period in 2010.   Our elections should not be bought by the highest bidder, and I will continue this fight in my time as your Senator. -RB
About to discuss #ISIL on CNN The Situation Room. Tune in now.
Thrilled to announce Maryland Legal Aid is the recipient of a 24-month $265,464 Pro Bono Innovation grant to establish a single, statewide Veterans Hotline.  Maryland Legal Aid will partner with the Pro Bono Resource Center of Maryland to recruit and train pro bono attorneys in effectively and efficiently meeting the legal needs of Maryland’s low-income veteran population.  Maryland is home to 465,000 veterans of the United States Armed Forces.  Our veterans have sacrificed for this nation and we have a responsibility to ensure they are treated with dignity and respect as they navigate in the civilian world. I am proud that Maryland Legal Aid will now be just a phone call away and ready, as always, to fight on behalf of our brave warriors and their families. These federal funds will give Maryland’s veterans easier access to quality legal support when they need it most.
Our economy cannot afford to ask students to decide between #highered and burdening their family with debt. I'm standing with Elizabeth Warren & U.S. Senate Democrats in support of the #BankonStudents Act. Allowing students to refinance student loans is just commonsense.
Happy birthday to my wingman in the Senate U.S. Senator Chris Coons who never forgets my birthday!
I was proud to join Sen. Chris Coons this week to present Latin American Community Center President & CEO Maria Matos with a Congressional Record Statement honoring her work at the center, which just celebrated its 45th anniversary.
Yesterday I had the chance to meet the new members of the Modern Maturity Center in Dover and was honored to introduced by President Carolyn Fredericks. She runs a great center and had us all laughing.
This morning I met with leadership and instructors at the Milford Boys and Girls Club to talk early childhood education and how it leads to success later in life. The staff here does wonderful work in the community with children of all ages.
Good discussion on ways to reduce the VA disability claims backlog at #vets roundtable I co-hosted with @SenDeanHeller
Honored to meet Indiana’s two National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) Principals of the Year today—Mr. Krutz from Merrillville High School and Mr. Wilson from Lynhurst 7th and 8th Grade Center in Indianapolis.
It was a pleasure to meet with Indiana Farm Bureau leaders today and an honor to receive the "Friend of Farm Bureau" award.
This week we mark the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act, which has helped millions of women experiencing domestic violence. You can help by spreading awareness about the National Domestic Violence Hotline.
My op-ed with Congressman Adam Schiff in the Los Angeles Daily News highlights the need for an earthquake early-warning system.
I strongly agree with this San Francisco Chronicle editorial. Congress must fund wildfires like all other emergencies.
This summer I read “The Big Burn” by Timothy Egan, which walks through the history of the creation of the National Forests and tells the stories of Teddy Roosevelt, Gifford Pinchot, and the big fire of 1910. Tonight, American Experience premiers a closer look at “The Big Burn” on PBS. 
Met with the North Dakota Farmers Union today in DC to talk about my commitment to making sure Farm Bill implementation protects North Dakota farmers. Thanks so much for the Golden Triangle Award for outstanding leadership on issues affecting family farmers and rural America.
Met with the North Dakota Hospital Association today about the challenges and improvements at hospitals across the state. I will continue to work with North Dakota hospital administrators and health care professionals to make sure we address North Dakota’s unique health care needs.
Honored to meet Dave Wheeler from Larimore Elementary and Joel Bickford from Bottineau Junior Senior High School who were selected as North Dakota’s Principals of the Year. Grateful for their hard work and commitment to providing quality education to North Dakota students.
Today at the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, I highlighted the crucial support communities banks provide for rural Americans and the need to make sure new rules are effective, but not overly burdensome. I’ll keep a close watch to see that they walk that line. That’s why I brought FDIC Chairman Martin Greunberg to North Dakota to hear directly from local bankers on these issues, and in March I called on the President to nominate a Federal Reserve Governor with community bank experience. I’ll keep pushing for standards that aren’t simply one-size-fits-all because a community bank in Rugby, North Dakota doesn’t have much in common with a global bank – and they shouldn’t be treated the same way. http://1.usa.gov/1qdBcDY
The Senate took a step in the right direction toward righting some misguided decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court, which has allowed big money to drown out the voices of everyday North Dakotans in campaigns. I helped move forward legislation to set reasonable spending limits on campaigns to make sure North Dakotans don’t get swallowed up by the deep pockets of special interests, while also allowing states’ to make their own local campaign finance rules. We need more transparency in our electoral process – just as I’ve been fighting for since I was North Dakota’s Attorney General – and that means making sure everyone’s voices have equal footing. 
This week we commemorate the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act, a landmark piece of legislation that continues to improve the lives of millions of women, their families, and the communities that support them. If the last 20 years have taught us anything, it's that VAWA works.   This legislation stands today as an example of what we are really called here to do – meeting people's day-to-day needs. That means protecting people, making their lives better and providing vital resources to those in need. No woman in this country should live in fear that her partner will hurt or kill her or her kids. I have zero tolerance for domestic violence. If you are beaten and abused, you should have somewhere to turn for help and a path to recovery. 
I’m worried about what skyrocketing student debt means for young people and the future of our country. More than 40 million Americans today owe almost $1.2 trillion in student loans – more than is owed on credit cards. In Maryland, more than half of graduating students are borrowing to pay for their education.   Last week on my College Affordability Tour, I heard from students how staggering student loans are impacting Maryland families. We must reduce interest rates & raise graduation rates! That’s why I’m fighting to pass legislation to #BankonStudents & give families a #fairshot at higher education.  
I'm pleased to announce $10 million in federal grant funding has been awarded to the Maryland Department of Transportation to decrease congestion at Fort Meade by widening MD 175. Public investment in Fort Meade and surrounding Anne Arundel & Howard Counties is about jobs today & jobs tomorrow. This project is a linchpin for the thriving but congested region. It will support construction jobs today and the 56,000 men & women who live & work at Fort Meade.  
Happening Now: Claire is leading a hearing in the wake of the fatal shooting of teenager Michael Brown by a Ferguson, Mo. police officer, and subsequent clashes between local police and protestors, to examine the militarization of state and local police departments. She is gathering stakeholders from all sides in order to hear several perspectives, including those of local law enforcement.  Use the link below to watch the hearing live on C-SPAN. 
Congrats to the Hillsboro Hops – the 2014 Northwest League Champs! 
September is Hunger Action Month, and I am proud to participate in the Facing Hunger Foodbank Post-A-Plate initiative. There are too many families and individuals who are struggling to put food on the table and suffering from hunger. Sadly, many of these individuals are our brave veterans, aging seniors and young, innocent children. I encourage all West Virginians to participate in the Post-A-Plate project and take action within your local communities to help end hunger now. As your U.S. Senator, I will continue to be a proud supporter of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), which critically provides nutrition assistance to individuals and families in need.  To learn more about how you can help, please click here: http://facinghunger.org/8-home/39-hunger-action-month   #HungerActionMonth2014 #EndHungerNow
Congratulations Brittany Valdez, a Shinnston native and West Virginia University graduate student, for being chosen to represent West Virginia at the White House today as one of ten nationwide 2014 Champions of Change. Brittany is being honored for her work to develop the TaptoTalk smartphone application as a communication tool for first responders in emergency situations. I thank Brittany for her dedication to protecting the lives of all West Virginians. Her focus on innovation and safety encourages a culture of technological advancement that I am excited to see West Virginia continue to develop and embrace.   http://1.usa.gov/1pLxkDW
College students deserve a #Fairshot at an affordable education.    Federal student loans are supposed to be an investment in helping individuals reach their potential and strengthening our communities, not a revenue generator for the government.  So one of the ways I am trying to help is by allowing student loan borrowers with high fixed rates to refinance at a lower rate.  Today, I joined with U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and students from around the country in urging Congress to pass the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act.  Senator Warren and I co-authored this bill to ensure that this generation and future generations of Americans have opportunities to develop their talents and pursue their dreams in order to secure a brighter future for themselves and our country.  This bill would help an estimated 88,000 Rhode Island families and I hope we can soon get an up or down vote on this critical issue.
I am proud to have led the federal effort to help upgrade TF Green Airport (PVD).  The airport is a catalyst for economic development throughout the state.  Extending the runway will open up new opportunities for tourism and job growth, and help connect Rhode Islanders to more destinations.  Yesterday, I was joined by U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx and FAA Administrator Michael Huerta to celebrate the progress being made.  They have been tremendous backers of this effort and I’m grateful for their support of these vital improvements.
The Senate Republican Leader used to believe strongly in limiting the ability of the rich and powerful to buy our democracy. But now, he won’t even condemn the Kochs when they say that the minimum wage leads to fascism. Republicans are too afraid of the Kochs to say anything negative about them. We need campaign finance reform because it will give more voice to average Americans and the middle class.
Today’s announcement is great news for Western New York, the Bills, and their passionate fans, who will now be able to breathe a huge sigh of relief. The Pegulas are the perfect choice to carry on Ralph Wilson’s indelible legacy – like Ralph, they have a true commitment to Western New York, are people of serious integrity, and will be excellent owners. Most importantly, based on extensive conversations I have had with Terry over the past few months, he and Kim are deeply committed to keeping the Buffalo Bills in Western New York for generations to come.   I commend the Bills’ leadership, and especially Mrs. Wilson and Jeff Littman, for selecting the Pegulas, and for the thought and care they put into this entire sale process. I look forward to working with Terry and Kim in the weeks, months, and years ahead to ensure a speedy confirmation by the NFL and to help keep the Bills playing – and winning – in Western New York for many, many years to come. 
Tonight, Senator Shaheen and Senator Ayotte announced that the U.S. Department of Transportation will award $25 million in grant funding for the replacement of the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge.  “This is terrific news for New Hampshire and especially the Seacoast region, which relies on the Sarah Long Bridge for interstate travel and commerce," Shaheen and Ayotte said. "The replacement of this aging infrastructure will help support transit and economic activity in New Hampshire and Maine, as well as national security needs at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard."   Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=BF0C74E3-E5F8-4D6B-8DE5-7E447F3098A1
It's time to put people and their ideas back in charge of our elections. "Like" and "Share" if you want to overturn Citizens United. 
It's an exciting week for our campaign finance amendment, and the movement is stronger than it's ever been. I kicked off a rally today where supporters delivered a petition signed by more than 3 million Americans supporting our efforts to put control of our elections back in the hands of American voters -- and take it out of the hands of corporations and billionaires. Thanks to those who came all the way to DC this afternoon to deliver that message in person -- and to the millions who have made it clear that they expect Washington to reform our broken campaign finance system. I will keep leading this fight on behalf of the American people to restore our nation’s founding principle -- a democracy of, by, and for the people.
Great news for Virginia! Richmond and Norfolk have been awarded $40 million in federal grants to improve critical infrastructure. These projects will alleviate traffic congestion, improve transit, and drive economic development.  
