I cannot find words to express my sadness, anger and determination to stop this madness. For now, I send my deepest condolences to the families touched by this brutal tragedy in Santa Barbara.  
This Memorial Day, let us remember all of our fallen heroes who gave their lives so that we may live ours with freedom. And let us also honor the Gold Star families who accept with dignity the solemn duty of keeping their memories alive. It is our duty as a nation to bear that burden with you, and to offer you strength where we can.        America thanks you for your sacrifice. -TB
For more than 200 years, our brave men and women in uniform have selflessly defended our country and values against our enemies. Today, all of us across America spend time remembering those who paid the ultimate sacrifice over the past decade and for generations before that so we can continue to enjoy the freedom and liberty on which this country was founded. We are forever in their debt, and they and the families and friends they left behind have our unending thanks.
Connecticut has lost 65 brave men and women to the war in Iraq & Afghanistan—and our country has lost countless more in wars past. Today, we remember and honor all of the brave veterans who gave their lives for us.   “Honor to the soldier and sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country's cause.” - Abraham Lincoln
This #MemorialDay should be a time when all Americans can reconnect with our history and core values by honoring those who gave their lives for the ideals we cherish. Memorial Day is a time we hold close to our hearts. In our hectic daily lives, let us not forget why our country remains free.     Throughout this month we have seen many American flags and flowers adorning the graves of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation. We honor them and remember their families, who wear the Gold Star Pin, because they bear the greatest burden of sacrifice.  I remember in particular the 114 Marylanders who have been killed in our most recent conflicts and am reminded that our freedom is not free.
I was honored to spend this Memorial Day with some fellow veterans at Kent County Veterans Memorial Park as we paid tribute to our fallen heroes. Thank you to all who served and protected the freedom so many of us are fortunate enough to enjoy today.
Today we recognize our fallen warriors, but I also want to give thanks to all of the service men and women who have fought for and protected our great nation’s freedom and honor, and I hope each of you has a safe Memorial Day with your families and loved ones.
This Memorial Day, we honor those Americans who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.  We owe these servicemembers and their families a debt of gratitude. May we show our respect by ensuring our veterans have every opportunity and resource they need and deserve. We give thanks to the heroes we have lost and to all of our servicemembers and their families who give so much to keep us safe and free. #MemorialDay
“Memorial Day is a time for remembrance and reflection. It is a day of appreciation for the sacrifices made by so many brave men and women over our great nation’s history. I want to thank every servicemember, veteran, and their families today for what they’ve done to secure the freedom and liberty we are all privileged to have. May God bless our military and their families, and may God bless America.” -Joe
Honored to be with the Tularosa community on #MemorialDay.
Memorial Day is more than a day to hold a BBQ or a reason to enjoy a three-day-weekend — it is a day to reflect. On Memorial Day, communities  in New Mexico and across the country come together and pay tribute to the men and women who selflessly gave their lives to preserve the freedom and liberty we enjoy today. I will not rest until our veterans have the care and services they have earned.
On Memorial Day - and every day - it's important we pause and reflect on the tremendous debt of gratitude we owe to those who gave their lives to keep our nation safe and free, as well as to their loving and supportive families.
NA
This Memorial Day, please join me in remembering the courageous men & women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. Let's honor those who gave their lives by supporting their loved ones and caring for our servicemembers who return home as they transition into civilian life. For those still fighting for the defense of our nation in Afghanistan and elsewhere, we pray for your safe return and look forward to welcoming you home soon.
From the Revolutionary War to Iraq & Afghanistan, New Jerseyans have given their best – and in some cases gave their all – out of a sense of duty, honor & patriotism to our state & nation.   On Memorial Day & every day, we salute them.   (Note: The photo below was taken at the American Cemetery in Flanders Field, Belgium, where I paid my respects to fallen soldiers earlier this year.)
What an honor, to live in a country where so many chose to sacrifice so much for the nation they loved. #MemorialDay
“Honoring our veterans starts with ensuring they get the benefits and care they’ve earned, especially as more and more of them return after a decade of war. This Memorial Day, we honor the men and women who have bravely served this country and defended the freedoms we all enjoy. We owe them an unknowable debt of gratitude, beginning with swift access to the quality of care they deserve. And that’s a goal I won’t stop fighting for.” -Claire
Memorial Day is an important day in our country to pay tribute to our fallen soldiers and say thank you to the men and women who have so courageously served this country and who continue to serve. We claim the freedoms we enjoy every day because of their sacrifices, and it is because of their dedication, discipline, expertise, and most of all bravery and valor, that we remain a safe, strong and secure nation. As Americans, today is a day to show our deepest gratitude and say thank you to all men and women in uniform or to visit the graves of our Fallen service members.  To read my full Memorial Day statement, please click here: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=3286041b-238b-44bf-9dc6-e5ca3a01960f
We're forever grateful to the men and women of our Armed Forces who sacrificed everything on our behalf. #MemorialDay
Remembering those who gave their lives protecting our nation. #MemorialDay
“On this Memorial Day we honor the men and women who gave their lives in defense of our country. One way we can pay tribute to our fallen heroes is by renewing our commitment to taking care of veterans who make it home. New Hampshire has a proud tradition of military service, and I join with everyone across our state in remembering those who made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our security and freedoms.”  -JS
We honor our fallen heroes at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific at Punchbowl.
Today I joined Montana veterans and their families to dedicate the Yellowstone National Cemetery in honor of the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice. We must continue to honor our heroes, not only on Memorial Day, but also tomorrow and the day after.
NA
Our state has a proud tradition of military service. Whenever our nation has called, New Mexico has answered. Some of those brave men and women have not come home -- they gave everything so that we may have the privilege of being safe and free. We mourn them, remember them, and on Memorial Day, we pause to reflect on their commitment and courage.
On this Memorial Day, we will thank all of our veterans and troops for their service and sacrifice. And we must also thank the surviving family members of those men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice – the gold star mothers, fathers, spouses, and children. Today, if you see someone wearing a gold star, remember what it signifies. As one Rhode Island gold star mother recently wrote to me, “No one wearing a gold star pin should ever have to hear ‘what a beautiful pin, where can I get one?’”  Please share this post, and let’s make sure that on this Memorial Day all of our troops and gold star families hear the same thing: thank you for your service.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cJ2NkLn7qE
On this Memorial Day, please join me in honoring the brave men and women we have lost, and reaffirming our continued support for our veterans and their families.
Memorial Day is a time to honor the brave men and women in uniform who have given their lives in the service of our country. It is also a reminder of the sacrifices all our servicemembers make to protect our families every single day. Watch my Memorial Day message here: 
