Whether you’re celebrating in America or overseas, I want to wish you and your families a happy, healthy, and safe Thanksgiving! - TB
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!
I continue to be thankful for my family and good health. I wish the same for all of my constituents and I hope everyone has a happy Thanksgiving. It's also important to remember that too many Americans struggle with food insecurity - http://thetimes-tribune.com/opinion/distribute-abundance-bill-targets-food-insecurity-1.1794326
From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving. Please stay safe if you're traveling today. -Joe
Wishing everyone a safe and happy #Thanksgiving.
Check out my op-ed for Thanksgiving thanking all the North Dakotans who make our state and country great, and encouraging everyone to continue to give back, especially around the holidays.
This Thanksgiving, I have a lot to be thankful for. North Dakota has a growing economy and innovative businesses that keep us on the cutting-edge. I’m so proud to work for North Dakotans who are thoughtful, passionate, and work hard all year to help their communities grow and keep our families safe, and I’m humbled to have a wonderful family who always has my back through thick and thin.  Hope everyone has a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Great news that Northrop Grumman signed a Letter of Intent for the Grand Sky business and technology park at Grand Forks Air Force Base, completing the Enhanced Use Lease project and making the Northrop Grumman a tenant at Grand Sky. The business park will have an incredible impact throughout the Grand Forks community, allowing it to fully harness the potential of the emerging and exciting Unmanned Aerial Systems technology. Grand Forks County officials, Grand Forks BRIC members, Northrop Grumman, and the Air Force have all worked hard to make today possible, and I’m proud to have been a part of these efforts. The UAS industry has the potential to greatly help our state grow and thrive, and I will continue to support efforts to make that possible.
Wishing everyone a #HappyThanksgiving! I'm thankful for our servicemembers who sacrifice to keep us safe. What are you thankful for today?
Happy Thanksgiving!
This year, as I think about what I'm thankful for, I don't have to look far - a wonderful family, good health, great friends, and the honor of a lifetime to serve Connecticut in the U.S. Senate. I'd love to hear what you're thankful for today. Take a few seconds to let me know in the comments
On behalf of Gayle and our whole family, we wish you and your family a happy and healthy Thanksgiving. I encourage all West Virginians to remember that if you can count your blessings, you can share your blessings. Take this time to serve, to spend time with those who are lonely, sick or less fortunate, and to reflect upon our values and beliefs with loved ones. Also, as we gather together  today, let us never take for granted one America’s greatest blessings: the men and women of our Armed Forces who stand guard around the world, preserving our freedom and protecting us from harm day in and day out.   May God continue His many blessings on America and on the great state of West Virginia.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=6dcbfd09-7f6d-4a7f-be85-3554b3604be9
Happy Thanksgiving to all!  Thankful for my family, our troops, and the opportunity to represent the great state of Rhode Island.
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving holiday with family and friends.   I encourage people in New Hampshire to visit http://www.readynh.gov/ for winter storm safety and preparedness tips and to please use caution when traveling to see loved ones.   -JS
Today we give thanks for our blessings and for the opportunity to spread good fortune to others.  As Montanans, we value our families, our communities and our freedoms.  I hope all Montanans enjoy their time together today and give special thanks for our service members spending Thanksgiving away from home as they serve our great nation.
Today, I'm thankful for the opportunity to spend meaningful time with friends and family. I'm also grateful for the commitment of our troops from New Mexico and across our great country who are serving far away from home. There are lots of ways to show our thanks to our military men and women. One is to send a care package. If you're interested in reaching out, there are lots of ideas at: http://www.ourmilitary.mil/care-packages
Happy Thanksgiving! Grateful for those deployed away from home in service to our nation today.
I learned the special meaning of “home for the holidays” this week. I’ve been visiting the Middle East, learning first-hand more about the very difficult challenges in the region. I spent time this week with our troops stationed in Amman, Jordan. They are doing incredible work gathering information about the ongoing war in Syria and the dangers facing refugees. They are also working hard -- and quickly -- to strengthen our country’s long-time partnership with Jordan, as our ally takes on a leadership role in fighting ISIL.    When our briefings had concluded, I found the Bay Staters in the group and broke out a special gift: lots of Dunkin Donuts coffee.  They promised to brew it up and to share with those who don’t yet know the New England joys of “coffee regular.”    Wherever you are this Thanksgiving, I hope you have the chance to share a hug with old friends -- and to share a smile with a new friend. I’m deeply grateful for every blessing in my life, including you.
