Support ENDA! No one should be subjected to discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. -TB
The Senate just voted 61-30 to start debate on the Employee Non-Discrimination Act. "LIKE" this post is you support ENDA. While this was just the first procedural hurdle, it's good to see bipartisan support for the idea that, in America, it's wrong to fire someone simply because of who they are. That’s unfair and unacceptable. This bill is in line with Colorado law and the majority of Americans who believe that everyone has a right to earn a living and feel safe and respected in the workplace.
It was great to see all of the progress made on the historic Stone House in Druid Hill Park.  The Parks & People Foundation for lead the way  restoring this part of Druid Hill Park. This park was the first large municipal park in Baltimore.  Druid Hill is an icon in not only our city, but our nation too.  It’s listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Druid Hill was developed in the 19th century as part of a nationwide movement to provide large parks in America’s great cities.  It was the same movement that inspired Central Park.  After a lot of hard work, they reclaimed these nine acres of Druid Hill Park for the people of Baltimore.
You’d probably assume it’s illegal in all 50 states to fire someone simply for being gay. Unfortunately, you’d be wrong. But tonight the Senate voted to start the process to change that.                 
 
 I’m proud to be a part of that effort, click share if you’re with me.
Today I stopped by Easter Seals' main office in New Castle to meet its new CEO, Ken Sklenar, and the folks who receive services there.
There's still time to get to the Embassy Suites in Newark to check out the Job Fair, hosted by Delaware's Congressional Delegation. It's running until 2 pm today.
Today’s bipartisan Senate vote to take up and pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act is an important step to ensure employees are judged on their performance, rather than who they are. This vote was about fundamental fairness. Workers should be judged on the quality of the job they do, nothing more, nothing less. Speaker Boehner should commit to bringing this bill to the House floor before the end of the year and allowing an up or down vote. #ENDA
NA
"Every American should be able to go to work free from fear that he or she could be fired simply for being gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender"
Senator Joe Donnelly made an impromptu stop on the way to the airport to thank the Hoosiers at the U.S. National Weather Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) for their work.  One gentleman celebrates 40 years with NWS/ NOAA tomorrow.
This Thursday, there is a job fair in Jeffersonville for work associated with the Ohio River Bridges Project. The event will feature steel, construction and engineering companies involved in the project and labor union representatives.
This morning, Senator Joe Donnelly attended the opening of a new Rolls-Royce production facility in Indianapolis. 
 
 "I congratulate Rolls-Royce on opening another advanced manufacturing facility in Indianapolis.  These high-tech jobs will help strengthen our state’s economy by providing opportunities for Hoosier workers and demonstrating that Indiana is a great place for manufacturers to do business.” - Joe
Are you interested in an internship in Senator Joe Donnelly's DC or Indiana offices? Apply here for the Winter 2014 session.
Proud to support ENDA in the Senate today—an overdue piece of civil rights legislation to end workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
I’m thrilled to have this group of smart, engaged California students interning in my Washington office this fall.
Congratulations to Damon Clark from Farmington and Karissa Trebizo from Albuquerque for their work to achieve  Accenture's American Indian Scholarship which helps Native American students seeking degrees in technology and business fields. #STEM
Seniors and people who are disabled on Medicare have until December 7 to participate in the Medicare Open Enrollment Period and make any necessary changes to their health coverage. During this time, review your plan, make sure your health needs are being met, and see if any other plans may better suit your needs or budget. Medicare serves as a lifeline for so many North Dakotans, offering reliable and affordable health and prescription drug coverage, and North Dakotans deserve the best the program has to offer.
I firmly believe that people should be judged based on their individual skills, competence, and unique talents—and nothing else. Americans believe in the golden rule – to treat others the way you wish to be treated – and so do I. ENDA would close an enormous gap in our civil rights laws.
BOP heard our concerns and changed course on Danbury Prison http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/senators-announce-changes-to-fci-danbury-transfer …
On what would have been the 97th birthday of Missouri Native Walter Cronkite, Claire’s office was honored to take part in the grand opening of the Walter Cronkite Memorial at Missouri Western State University in St. Joseph. Once considered "the most trusted man in America," Cronkite was born and raised in St. Joe.  Learn more about Cronkite, his legacy, and what the memorial means to Missouri, here: http://www.missouriwestern.edu/wcm/
We've already received many beautiful submissions and looking forward to many more. To send in a photo, simply email the photo to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com with your name, hometown and location of the photo. Keep them coming!
This week's Message from the Hill to the Mountains: JFK Still A Powerful Symbol of Idealism   Fifty years after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, America still mourns his loss.  It’s no mystery why.  He remains a powerful symbol of a time of soaring idealism in America, when our people believed our country could do anything – even go to the moon.   Like millions of Americans, I vividly recall the exact moment on that cold November day in 1963 when I heard the tragic news from Dallas that the President had been shot.  Read more on my website: http://1.usa.gov/19uK0LP
This week, the Senate will begin debate on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which would simply afford all Americans the same protections from discrimination based on prejudice. 
 
 Workers should be judged not on the basis of their sexual orientation or gender identity, but on the quality of their work.
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen spoke at the Business and Industry Association of New Hampshire luncheon about the need for Washington to focus on growing the economy and creating jobs. TO READ MORE CLICK HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1iIfzTF
(Manchester, NH) – Senator Shaheen’s office honored five New Hampshire veterans with long overdue medals for service in Korea and Vietnam at a medals ceremony in Manchester.
“Everyone, in Hawai‘i and across the country, deserves the right to go to work and earn a good living for your family – this is certainly true regardless of the gender of who you love. I’m proud that in Hawai‘i we banned workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation, and I’m committed to ensuring these equal rights are protected nationwide.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=346998
ENDA has strong bipartisan support by a vast majority of Americans and U.S. employers. It should be the law of the land. #PassENDA
Thanks to Senators Begich and Markey, Representatives Tierney and Keating, and all the groups that joined me at the State House this morning for a discussion on issues facing our fishermen and how best to reform the Magnuson-Stevens Act.
