The proliferation of #carbon pollution in our air is a public health issue, an economic issue and a national security issue. #SCOTUS today affirmed the ability and the responsibility of the federal government to set standards with a goal of reducing pollution in the air. While not absolute, this power will protect our communities from air pollutants like lead and mercury. Pollution does not stop at state borders. Strong but flexible carbon pollution standards for power plants are needed at the federal level, which is welcome news for America’s public health and our clean energy future.
Today U.S. U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Dutch Ruppersberger and Congressman John Sarbanes joined me for a tour the #Baltimore U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center. We had a chance to greet patients and participate in a briefing on the results of the recent audit of the VA Health Care System. We have to make sure that our veterans have access to the high quality care they have earned.
Rewarding these labor practices with the 2022 World Cup is the wrong approach. Recent reporting has raised new concerns about the way Qatar treats its workers and the manner in which the country was selected for the 2022 World Cup. FIFA’s own President has recently called the awarding of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar a “mistake.” I’m urging FIFA to remove the cloud that hangs over the 2022 World Cup and swiftly reallocate this event. The U.S. submitted a quality bid to FIFA that should once again be given serious consideration. Bringing the 2022 World Cup to the U.S. will also have a significant jobs impact that strengthens our economy.
#ICYMI: Joe’s office will be hosting a Veterans History Project event in Valparaiso this Wednesday, June 25. Staff and volunteers from the community will come together to record stories of service from local veterans. Visit the link before to learn how you can participate, and share this post to spread the word. 
Great to visit Hudson Farms for the Montgomery County Farm Bureau Young Farmer Dinner on Saturday.
Yesterday, I joined Candy Crowley on CNN's State of the Union to discuss Iraq and the threat posed by ISIL. Watch here:
The House Republican budget would end Medicare as we know it. Generations of seniors have been guaranteed the security that Medicare provides. We need to protect the program so they have a #fairshot to live independently and with dignity.
It is Great Outdoors America Week! Where is your favorite place to spend time outdoors?
Because of the Farm Bill I fought for, new and beginning farmers and ranchers now have new programs and supports available to help them succeed. As part of this effort, today, the U.S. Department of Agriculture launched a website that offers a one-stop-shop of resources for new and beginning farmers. With the average age of an American farmer at 58 years old, we need to do everything possible to encourage more young farmers and ranchers to do well and I hope they take advantage of the support available from the 2014 Farm Bill. 
If you know an individual or family who is improving the lives of foster and adoptive children in North Dakota, go to my website and nominate them as Angels in Adoption. In North Dakota, and all across the country, families are selflessly opening their homes to children, and they’re doing it without recognition or asking for much in return. Angels in Adoption is an opportunity to highlight the many generous North Dakotans who make positive impacts in children’s lives every day. http://1.usa.gov/1rqCEQw
Congratulations to all New Jersey students accepted into military academies this year!   It was a pleasure to meet with 10 of the bright students who are making our state & nation proud!
Happening Now: Claire's holding her third and final roundtable discussion, focusing on the criminal justice system and administrative process to combat rape and sexual assaults on college and university campuses. Watch LIVE on C-SPAN: http://www.c-span.org/video/?320111-1/title-ix-campus-sexual-assault
A reminder that our workplace policies need updating to support today’s working families:
Cost cutting measures by Fed gov't shouldn't cost blind workers their jobs making Skilcraft products in #Rochester. #ABVI
Watch my floor remarks honoring NH Marine Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDc0xzvS-dI 
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor this evening to honor the memory of New Hampshire Marine Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant who was tragically killed in Afghanistan Friday. Shaheen underscored Garabrant’s selflessness, bravery and dedication to service. Read Shaheen’s remarks here: http://1.usa.gov/Tpig6P 
It's officially summer, and in New Mexico, that means it's time to enjoy our great outdoors. Being active outside is not only good for our health, it's good for our economy. In New Mexico, more than 70,000 jobs and $1.7 billion in wages and salaries are supported through the $6 billion that consumers spend on outdoor recreation.  Whether you're a visitor or one of the 65%+ New Mexico residents who participate in outdoor recreation each year, I hope you'll take advantage of all the opportunities our state has to offer – especially during Great Outdoors America week. Help me celebrate this week by liking this post, sharing it with others, then getting outside!
