Joined folks in Fort Collins today to hold a mobile town hall on the new MAX Bus Rapid Transit. This is a great example of innovative Colorado infrastructure that is benefiting the local economy. It further demonstrates why Congress needs to find a long-term solution to fund infrastructure that will support future growth.
Today, the President signed legislation for our veterans, and I held a press conference at the VA Errera Center in West Haven to highlight the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act. The bill will expand the number of options veterans have for receiving care and grant the Secretary of Veterans Affairs more power to fire senior executives. It includes $5 billion for strengthening the VA by recruiting more doctors, nurses and other medical providers and other measures, and allots $10 billion to help veterans access care from private doctors if they have been on waiting lists for more than a month or don't live near VA facilities.   This major bipartisan breakthrough will help fix the VA's broken health care system -- ending deadly delays and enhancing access to quality medicine for our nation's heroes. http://j.mp/1r2GyON
Let's go Baltimore Ravens! #RavensNation is ready to go!
Follow Ben on Twitter at @SenatorCardin to stay up to date on what's happening in the U.S. Senate and across #MD.
Another reason to strengthen the Clean Water Act.  "If the impacts of #pollution or #climatechange seem largely theoretical to you, what happened in #Toledo should bring it all very, very close to home."  
In honor of National Lighthouse Day, here is one the best shots of Thomas Point Shoal Light
Today I stopped by the Senior League/ Big League Softball World Series in Roxana. It's a great day to play ball!
August 18th is the first of our Veterans Job Fairs this month. Join us in Milford from 10 am-2 pm. More info about the location and the employers that will be in attendance available on my website. http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/veterans
The bipartisan legislation that Joe supported to reduce wait times at VA health care facilities, improve access to health care for veterans, and increase accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs was signed into law today by the President.   http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-bipartisan-va-legislation-will-help-hoosier-veterans-reform-va
My family and I are keeping Assistant Fire Chief Jamie Middlebrook's family, friends, and fellow firefighters in our thoughts and prayers.  Assistant Chief Middlebrook was a hero to our community. 
Unfortunately, the U.S. Forest Service has been forced to shift funds from fire prevention programs to fight wildfires. Congress must approve emergency funds so we can respond to forest fires, while helping to prevent future fires. http://www.sfgate.com/default/article/Firefighting-costs-draining-money-for-forest-5672673.php 
This year marks the 50th anniversary of the Wilderness Act, which has deep roots in New Mexico's history.  
Today I again pressed BNSF Executive Chairman Matt Rose about the need to quickly resolve agriculture shipment delays that are seriously hurting farmers and shippers across North Dakota at a meeting in Fargo. Since ag shipment delays first became a problem back in February, I’ve been working closely with BNSF to make sure the company is doing everything it can to address the concerns of our producers and growers. BNSF has been responsive, and it has worked to reduce its backlog though they still have further to go. The next step will be for BNSF and Canadian Pacific to make sure these delays don’t happen again – period. http://1.usa.gov/1ohff5P
I presented Geoff Andersen from Larimore with a framed copy of a speech I gave on the Senate floor earlier this year thanking him for his heroic role in helping to prevent explosions and minimize danger following the train derailment in Casselton last December. Geoff, an engineer in training for BNSF railroad, risked his life to prevent the explosions from spreading, and, as a result, helped protect the people and community of Casselton. We should not overlook the importance of having skillful and well trained railmen on the lines, like Geoff, who go above and beyond the call of duty to prevent a disaster from spreading. That’s why I introduced my bill to help give first responders the training and resources they need to do their jobs, and why we should all thank Geoff for his bravery that day and every day. http://1.usa.gov/1sAtsdB
During the first press call after I announced my campaign for U.S. Senate in Connecticut, I was asked whether or not I supported filibuster reform.  It was a hot topic at the time, and my answer was that the filibuster was a tool for exceptional circumstances, not for everyday use, and was "in dire need of reform." I share that story because there is no greater champion of filibuster reform in the Senate than Oregon's Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley.  That's one reason thousands of individuals are stepping up to contribute to Jeff's campaign today as part of a "moneybomb" supporting his re-election effort. Can I count on you to join them with a $5 contribution today?  http://www.chrismurphy.com/merkley
Mr. Potato Head showed up for the launch of the outstanding GROW! CT Food Bank/Stop and Shop mobile healthy food van in New Haven. So we took a selfie.
A little #TBT because, before Claire was a Senator, she was busy with her most important role, mom.
I was honored to join hundreds of our brave Marines from around the country this morning at the Marine Corps League National Convention in Charleston. Thank you all for making the trip to our great state.
I am pleased to announce that the NIH’s National Institute for Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) has outlined the scientific studies it will conduct on the chemicals spilled into the Elk River from the Freedom Industries plant.  To read more, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=0ba4611d-eb5e-4e36-a74f-1779e40838d3
Members of the Liberian community in Rhode Island are collecting supplies for friends and family affected by the Ebola outbreak in Africa.  Please consider helping if you can.  Information on needed supplies and drop-off locations are available here: http://bit.ly/1pezBMt
Nevada will have new resources for important Head Start early learning programs across the state. The Department of Health and Human Services has awarded a grant for $2,559,327 to the University of Nevada, Reno in order to expand Early Head Start projects in Nevada.
#TBT to one of our family's favorite summer spots, #NiagaraFalls & the Maid of the Mist!
It's National Lighthouse & Lighthouse Preservation Day! From Montauk to Buffalo NYers love their lighthouses!
Senator Shaheen visited the North Country yesterday to tour the Littleton Community Based Outreach Clinic and meet with the North Country Veterans Council to discuss bipartisan legislation reforming the VA that will expand New Hampshire veterans’ access to health care, particularly those in the North Country. At stops in the region, Shaheen also discussed efforts to promote tourism, job creation and economic growth.   Read more about Senator Shaheen visit to the North Country and the VA reform bill here: http://1.usa.gov/1u1Gnbn
Today the President signed into law the bipartisan VA reform bill, which is a huge win for the more than 800,000 veterans in Virginia. I’m very, very pleased this law includes my provision to bring in a team of the best and brightest IT experts to help the VA more quickly and efficiently provide our veterans with the care and services they have earned. Even better, this won’t cost tax payers a dime.
