Today we remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice. Words cannot express my deep gratitude for the brave men and women who have served our country. Thank you. - TB
Every day, our brave men and women in uniform selflessly serve to defend our country and values. Today, our family will take the time to remember the servicemembers that sacrificed their lives so we can continue to enjoy our freedoms. They will be remembered by their friends, family, and the entire country that they honorably served. In their stead, it is our duty as Americans to embrace the families and loved ones they left behind.
As 23-year veteran of the Navy, I honor those who fought for our country not just today but everyday by supporting our troops and their families. I wish everyone a safe and happy Memorial Day. http://youtu.be/aU8qylqQRdQ
Today let us honor those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our nation. I give thanks to these heroes and all of our servicemembers and families who give so much to keep us safe and free.
Flags at Cape Henlopen High School set out by members of the Lewes Rotary to honor Memorial Day.
Joe spoke at the Goshen Memorial Day Ceremony this morning honoring the many men and women from Indiana who gave their lives fighting for our country.
This Memorial Day, I join all Americans as we celebrate the lives of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice while fighting for the many freedoms we enjoy in our great nation. -Joe
On Memorial Day, we come together with our families and communities across the country to remember, honor, and pay respect to our fallen heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice protecting our country. We grieve with family members who have lost their mother or father, wife or husband, daughter or son. Not a day goes by that I do not think about the soldiers who have given their lives so that we might live ours. Their service and selfless sacrifice will always be remembered.
Since the beginning of WWII, more than 2,300 North Dakotans have been killed in action. Let’s honor all those who have served today.
I attended Memorial Day events in Richmond and Amelia to pay tribute to the men and women in uniform who have given their lives in service to our country.
This Memorial Day, as we remember those who gave their lives, let’s also remember that meeting the needs of every veteran is the obligation of a grateful nation. Let’s keep our promise to those who served.
“I’m blessed to be spending this holiday weekend close to my family, and I hope many of you are able to do the same. But regardless of who we’re with or where we are during this holiday, we’ll all be exercising freedoms that generations of Americans died to provide us. Many servicemembers have made that ultimate sacrifice during the past year and it’s imperative that we all take time to recognize and honor them, alongside all of our fallen heroes. I wish all Missourians a safe and blessed Memorial Day weekend.” - Claire
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 24 - Ritchie County  Fact: West Virginia's oldest five and dime store, 103-year-old Berdine's Five and Dime, is in Harrisville.   Recommendation: Spend a day on the lake at North Bend State Park.
Happy Memorial Day. Remember today that the freedoms we enjoy are ours because of the men and women who have bravely served this great country. From the bottom of my heart, I want to thank our veterans, soldiers and their families for their sacrifice, this Memorial Day and every day.
"This Memorial Day, Americans will come together to pay tribute to the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in pursuit of peace and freedom for our country. New Hampshire has a proud tradition of service, and today we pay tribute to our fallen heroes – our mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters – who did not return home. Their heroic service will never be forgotten." - JS
Today we join together to say 'thank you' to the heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
Memorial Day comes at a time when Americans are looking forward to the start of summer and to spending time with loved ones. But today is really about remembering our fallen warriors, in both New Mexico and across the nation. Our state has always had a proud tradition of military service. When our nation has called, we always answered. Today I'll be joining veterans and community members in Rio Rancho to honor the memory of those who did not come home. They paid the ultimate price for our country and it is our duty to support both their families and those they served with. I am honored to work with veterans and their families who have given so much for our safety and our freedoms.
I was honored to participate in Barrington’s Memorial Day Parade today. Events like these bring our communities together and do so much to remind us of the astounding contributions our servicemembers and their families make every day.
  
 They have given so much for all of us, more than we can ever give in return - but we can keep our promises to Veterans.  As your Senator, please know that I will keep working to uphold our responsibility to Veterans every day, not just Memorial Day.
Today, we salute all those who gave their lives to protect and defend our United States, our values and our democracy. We owe the brave men and women who serve immeasurable gratitude for their daily sacrifice and commitment to our country. Having three brothers who served in the military, I understood early that service has a powerful impact on an entire family, and I hold in my prayers the families of those we have lost. I'm also reminded today of the obligation we have to uphold our commitments to servicemembers, veterans and their families as we recognize the sacrifices made by so many in the name of liberty, justice and freedom.
