This week, I spoke out on the Senate floor against an amendment supporting the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline as part of an energy bill now being considered by the Senate. To watch my speech, please click below.  I have consistently fought against efforts to hasten the approval of the Keystone XL pipeline permit because it would significantly increase dangerous carbon pollution and the impacts of climate change.
I do not believe in engaging and involving ourselves militarily in the middle of a brutal, years-long civil war in Syria. -TB
My bill, The Small Brewer Reinvestment and Expanding Workforce Act (Small BREW Act S. 917), would help small breweries like Susquehanna Brewing Co. by cutting the excise tax that small breweries pay.
We lost Governor O’Bannon 10 years ago today, but his work on behalf of Hoosiers lives on. -Joe
Today we celebrate the 19th anniversary of the passage of the Violence Against Women Act. Senator Donnelly cast his vote in support of its reauthorization in February.
Donnelly, Senator Roy Blunt Urge U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to Use Common Sense in Emissions Regulations.
Today I had the chance to participate in a nutrition assistance class that educates families on how to buy and prepare nutritious meals for their families. These classes are another example of how Farm Bill programs are important to all North Dakotans and I will continue to fight for them.
Tuesday at 3:15 pm CT is my Twitter Town Hall about Syria. Submit your questions now using #AskHeidiH and including your hometown. I am looking forward to hearing from so many North Dakotans.
The Keystone Pipeline would create shovel-ready jobs, contribute to North Dakota's all-of-the-above energy approach and help North America become energy independent.  On the Senate floor yesterday, I discussed how approval for the Keystone Pipeline is long overdue.
Great to see first responders at their picnic in Danbury to thank them for their hard work in keeping us safe
Anti-corruption activist Alexei Navalny exceeds expectations in Moscow elections and independent monitors say recount is needed. I agree.
Around Condon or Fossil tomorrow? Come to my town halls in Gilliam and Wheeler County. Details below
My first Instagram! @repblumenauer and my boots at the Pendleton roundup. You can follow me on instagram at instagram.com/senjeffmerkley @senjeffmerkley.
Today, Governor Abercrombie and the Hawai‘i Department of Health formally requested federal assistance with response to the molasses spill. Senator Schatz has mobilized the federal response from agencies including NOAA, the EPA, and the United States Coast Guard.  The State requested assistance from the U.S. Coast Guard, which makes Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) funding available for expenses related to this spill. The Coast Guard will coordinate the response, with direct involvement from the State of Hawai‘i, the EPA, and NOAA.  “This has become a very serious situation,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “We need all hands on deck when it comes to protecting our marine environment, and that’s why we are working to bring federal resources into Hawai‘i as quickly as possible. I have been in direct contact with the Coast Guard, EPA, and NOAA to discuss how the federal government can aid with response and remediation efforts. Our federal partners are to be commended for recognizing the gravity of the spill, and I am grateful they have rallied so quickly to provide aid and resources to support the State. We are confident that CERCLA funding will help in swiftly dealing with this situation before more adverse effects are felt on our state’s beaches and in our harbors.”  To read the full release, click the link below.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345715
"We are also in touch with the governor and his staff, and will work with them to ensure that all appropriate federal resources and expertise are focused on this spill. Through coordination, we can help to minimize damage to our natural resources, marine life, and businesses," Schatz said.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced today that it is sending two on-scene coordinators to Oahu to assist the State in its response to the spill of an estimated 224,000 gallons of molasses on Sunday.    “After several conversations with officials at the Environmental Protection Agency, the agency has decided to send two on-scene coordinators with expertise in spill response to Oahu today to assist the state.  We are also in touch with the Governor and his staff, and will work with them to ensure that all appropriate federal resources and expertise are focused on this spill. Through coordination, we can help to minimize damage to our natural resources, marine life, and businesses,” Schatz said.  "This is a serious situation, and it requires a coordinated, aggressive response at all levels of government."  The EPA personnel have expertise in spill response and plan to meet with State officials and other federal agencies involved with addressing the spill shortly after their arrival.  According to EPA officials, molasses spills can be technically challenging to contain and clean up.  Approaches used on oil spills such as floating booms and skimming to contain the liquid are ineffective.  Pending an on-site assessment, EPA may recommend a technique known as “air curtains” to protect particularly sensitive affected areas.  This technique uses long tubes to oxygenate water and help disperse and break down contaminants.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345709
AmeriCorps is celebrating 20 years of building affordable homes, serving families in need, and strengthening our communities.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in thanking AmeriCorps volunteers for working hard to make Montana a better place to live.
NA
Using barcode technology to track assets at the Dept. of Defense will improve efficiency and make our military more cost-effective. Big thanks to Rhode Island's A2B Tracking and AIM North America for presenting me with the first AIM North America Automatic Identification Technology award for my work on this issue.
Climate change poses a very real threat to public health – both now and in the future. In my latest "Time to Wake Up" speech, I shared some of my recess conversations with RI students and world leaders alike about this important issue.  I hope you'll take a moment to watch and share this video. #climatechange
