Despite 13 hearings, 50 briefings, 25,000 documents and millions of taxpayer dollars spent, House Republicans voted to continue their political witch hunt on #Benghazi. 
This week I had the chance to meet two incredible Connecticut students, Alec and David. At just 13 years old, David has already spent years helping feed the homeless community. At first he just baked batches of muffins himself, but as he realized how full the shelters were during winter and how many people needed food, he recruited his friends to help. "I want [people] to be aware that small gestures can make a big difference in people's lives.”   Alec is a high school senior, destined for college, and worked to create a website for teenagers with autism. "Feeling the social isolation of their lives at a time when my peers and I were alive with friends on social media, I concluded that autistic teens could benefit enormously from social media that was sensitive to their needs.”   Congratulations to these two upstanding young men on their well-earned Prudential Spirit of Community Awards.
Earlier this week, I joined a meeting with members of the Russian feminist punk protest group, Pussy Riot. They shared their firsthand accounts of human rights violations under Putin, and discussed additional sanctions against Russia.   These brave women are giving a face and voice to a vile and vicious violation of human rights by the Russian government, and the persecution of dissent and free speech.
Looking for the perfect  #MothersDay gift?  How about  the gift of equality by removing the deadline for states to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment (#ERA).   Follow the link to become a citizen cosponsor.  
Great meeting with some talented Howard University Dental students yesterday at a National Dental Association event.
Turns out OLD BAY® Seasoning IS as good as #MD knows it is. #MadeinMD
Welcome to Baltimore CJ Mosley.
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Lita from Frederica about the Paycheck Fairness Act and closing the gender wage gap.
Congratulations to the Lewis Township Volunteer Fire Company in Coalmont and the West Lebanon Volunteer Firemen for receiving Assistance to Firefighters grants from FEMA. For information on how Senator Donnelly can assist your local fire department apply for federal grants, visit http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/grants. 
Please join me in thanking the husbands and wives of our soldiers on Military Spouse Appreciation Day. Thank you for all that you do. –Joe
Join me today in celebrating the strength and character of military spouses—our heroes on the homefront.
This month we recognize the contributions made by our country’s vibrant Asian American & Pacific Islander community.
New Mexicans should have their voices heard on any FCC proposal that includes a "fast lane" that could allow service providers to discriminate against small Internet businesses and weaken consumer protections. The Internet has always played a role in fostering innovation and education, and it promotes civic engagement in New Mexico and across the country. As a staunch supporter of net neutrality, I believe the FCC needs to establish strong, enforceable rules that ensure free speech, protect consumers, and preserve competition.
We need to raise awareness about human trafficking in North Dakota, as I’ve worked to do in the Senate going back to last fall – through a hearing, strong legislation, and meetings with other advocates locally and globally. Today, I joined officials from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in Fargo to train community leaders on how to identify and report potential occurrences of human trafficking. It’s another important step to help spread the word about this frightening, yet growing problem in our state. By bringing to light the shocking realities so many victims face, and training folks in the community, we can continue to take crucial steps toward making sure North Dakotans, and women and children around the world, are safe. http://1.usa.gov/1kSWM9Y
As part of National Teacher Appreciation Week, I was happy to visit Elk Elementary Center School today and talk with the students about the importance of our teachers. I was also extremely pleased to be a part of the manufacturing announcement in South Charleston, where I joined representatives from the RCBI, ATK, the U.S. Navy, and Marshall University to reveal the new 3D Metal Printing Technology.
To all of the military spouses in West Virginia and around the country, we thank you for your incredible courage and sacrifice.    Today is Military Spouse Appreciation Day. Click here to find out how you can get involved and support our military families: http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/headlines/2014/05/give-thanks-on-military-spouse-appreciation-day/
Thanks to The Center for Dynamic Learning for hosting me today.   I enjoyed seeing firsthand some of the experiential learning programs in the arts, sciences, and manufacturing that CDL offers.  As we prepare today’s students for the jobs of tomorrow and build a workforce that can compete globally, programs like these are critically important.
Went to check out the progress this morning at Hope & Main, where founder Lisa Raiola is working to transform a 100-year-old shuttered school building on Main Street in Warren into Rhode Island’s first full-service food business incubator.  During my tour, I talked with folks (and sampled some tasty treats!) from The Backyard Food Company and Matt’s Magic Brownies about how this new facility will help local entrepreneurs collaborate, grow their operations, and get technical assistance to cook up exciting new business ventures and turn their ideas and recipes into commercial success.   Look for the grand opening this summer!  I was also pleased today to announce a $30 million grant opportunity for local food enterprises.  To learn more about the newly-expanded Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program (FMLFPP), head over to my web site: reed.senate.gov
Standing with Nigerians & parents around the world as we work together to #BringBackOurGirls
On Monday the Senate will continue deliberation on Senator Shaheen’s energy efficiency bill the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act which will reduce pollution, save consumers billions and create jobs. While visiting the Berlin Housing Authority last year, President of the Northern Forest Center, Rob Riley described investments in energy efficiency as “a win-win for our economy and our environment”
The bipartisan DATA Act is now law! I appreciate the work of our bipartisan partners on both sides of Capitol Hill on this important effort. Improved transparency means greater accountability to taxpayers.
Military spouses and children serve our country too. Share this graphic to thank them for their service and the sacrifices they make every day.
