Calling all Nutmeggers in DC: Senator Christopher Murphy and I will be hosting a constituent coffee this Thursday, February 13 from 8:30-9:30 AM.  If interested, RSVP to constituentcoffee@blumenthal.senate.gov.
“Maryland has lost a true friend in Willard Hackerman. I send my deepest condolences to both the Hackerman family and his extended Whiting-Turner family; both of whom he loved deeply. Willard was a man of quiet strength who professionally and philanthropically enriched his beloved Baltimore. He was an active alumnus of Johns Hopkins University who gave back to the school and its hospital in countless ways. He was a humble man and rarely stood still to take credit for his many successes because he had already begun to tackle the next challenge. Despite being at the helm of one of the largest general building companies in America, Willard never outgrew his city or his fellow citizens. The Meyerhoff, The National Aquarium and M&T Bank Stadium all stand as enduring monuments to a great man. His benevolent legacy extended to our synagogue, Beth Tfiloh Congregation as well, where he will be missed as a man of great faith. My prayers go out to his wife Lillian, daughter Nancy, son Steven Mordecai, as well as his grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Willard Hackerman was a true son of Baltimore. Myrna and I join the City and all Marylanders in celebrating his life. ”
"We are losing too many of our wives, mothers, aunts, sisters, and daughters to heart disease.We are not going to sit back and allow the disease to continue taking its toll.  Heart disease is a preventable and controllable.  Red Dress Sunday is all about empowering people with the knowledge they need to be healthier, and to take preventative measures against heart disease. "                                                                       - Ben Cardin 2.9.2014
Just left SMECO, now heading over to the Tri-County Council ( St. Mary's County Government, Charles County Government Calvert County Maryland ) to discuss how the Federal Gov can work better with our partners on the local level.
Senator Cardin met with the Board of the Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative (SMECO) and then toured their new Platinum-LEED certified engineering and operating center.
Happy to talk with federal workers this morning who despite tremendous challenges in the last year remain dedicated to serving our country! #AFGEontheHill2014
Calling for passage of legislation that would create a nationwide ‘AMBER Alert’ style system for missing seniors. - http://1.usa.gov/1gmPKZl
Did you know the GM foundation awards #STEM scholarships to students of up to $25,000 per year? 37 Hoosier students were awarded $97,000 worth of scholarships last year. Students can apply now through the end of February at buickachievers.com.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Jerry Ross, an Indiana native and Purdue graduate, has been selected for induction into the U.S. astronaut hall of fame. Ross was the first astronaut to complete seven space shuttle missions. 
This is long overdue. It is time to act on housing for homeless vets in Los Angeles. Our veterans deserve better.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about Geoff Andersen from Larimore, N.D. -- a heroic engineer in training for BNSF railroad and a former civilian firefighter for the Grand Forks Air Force Base -- whose actions during the recent train derailment near Casselton prevented the dangerous explosions from the crash from spreading farther. 
Read my op-ed in the Fargo Forum, about how since before joining the Senate, I pledged to fight to pass a bipartisan Farm Bill. Now, after being in the Senate for just over a year, we did it. This Farm Bill is a victory for our state on many levels. 
Great discussion with Virginia Union students in Richmond today about public service and the importance of investing in education.
A brief personal note:   I had the privilege of meeting Army Staff Sergeant Stanley Viechec of Toms River on Friday. I spent time with his family & was able to directly thank him for serving our nation in WWII.   He has since passed, but his legacy lives on. We wouldn’t be enjoying the blessings of the liberty we enjoy today, if not for men & women like him.   Thank you, Stanley, & thank you to all of our unsung American heroes.
On Monday, February 10, 2014, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.) participated in a ribbon cutting to officially open the new Elmer A. Henderson: A Johns Hopkins Partnership School. The school is the first new public school to be built in East Baltimore in more than 20 years.   In her roles as Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and senior member of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee, Senator Mikulski has worked to ensure that children and families have access to quality education they can count on.   The Henderson-Hopkins School, originally known as the East Baltimore Community School, serves grades K-8 and opened January 2, 2014. A key feature of the school will be the health suite that will be staffed in partnership with the Baltimore City Health Department and students and faculty from the Johns Hopkins School of Nursing. Instead of merely treating students who aren’t feeling well, the emphasis will be proactive, teaching students and their families about nutrition and healthy lifestyles.
This morning I was proud to cut the ribbon officially opening the new Henderson-Hopkins school in East Baltimore with students, teachers & community leaders. Henderson-Hopkins will help close social distance so that students from North Ave. or Chase St. can one day take their education to halls of The Johns Hopkins University and beyond. For those who live and work in East Baltimore, Henderson-Hopkins means a new day and a new commitment bringing new energy.  
Good meeting with Maryland members of the National Black Nurses Association who every day in every way provide quality care to those who need it most.
Claire wants to answer your questions about sexual assault in the military and her stance on the best approach to curbing the issue. To join the conversation, check out  msnbc's instructions in the article below. She'll be posting her answers later this week. 
Michael Sam is showing some real character and courage! I wish him well.
Happening now: The House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on the chemical spill in Charleston.   For livestream, please click here: http://bit.ly/1h40Cjz
Contrary to common belief, raising the minimum wage isn’t just about helping teenagers earn a little extra cash. The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old, and earns half her family’s income. The majority of those making the minimum wage are women. And more than a quarter of the workers that would benefit from a raise are supporting children. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/09/opinion/sunday/the-case-for-a-higher-minimum-wage.html?ref=opinion&_r=1&referrer=
Working with the State Dept to #HelpFindHarry – if you have information about NY traveler and travel blogger Harry Devert’s disappearance in Mexico please share:  https://www.facebook.com/helpfindharry
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Department of Justice (DOJ) announced a policy change to extend privileges, protections and rights to all legally married couples in every program the agency administers:  “The Justice Department’s announcement takes a great step forward in the fight for full and complete equality for all Americans. But while our legal system is finally moving to recognize that no American should be discriminated against on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, the reality is that legal discrimination remains.  This is especially true with our veterans, as some same-sex military families are still denied critical benefits because of current law. We need to pass the Charlie Morgan Act because every veteran deserves access to the benefits that they’ve earned and rightfully deserve, and I will continue working to make this goal a reality.”  http://1.usa.gov/1eim3W7 
Proud of this very courageous young man. Wishing him the best of luck throughout his career. http://espn.go.com/espn/otl/story/_/id/10429030/michael-sam-missouri-tigers-says-gay
Despite the federal government investing more money than ever before in higher education, the cost keeps going up, and in many ways, schools are not held accountable to students and taxpayers.  To address the rising cost of college, Senators Schatz and Murphy are pushing legislation - the College Affordability and Innovation Act of 2014 - that they introduced with Senators Murray and Sanders to make college more affordable for students in Hawai‘i and across the United States.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbroaEt1Ggg
47,000 pedestrians have died in road accidents in the past decade. To make our streets and communities safer, Senators Schatz and Begich introduced the Safe Streets Act of 2014, legislation to change the approach to how federally funded roads are planned, designed, and built.  This will increase bike lanes and sidewalks and help keep kids and seniors safe.  http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/197771-bill-requires-sidewalks-bike-lanes-on-federal-funded-roads
When medications are used as directed, patients are healthier and we reduce costs in our health care system -- it's a clear win-win. Today, Senator Jack Reed and I joined a panel of experts to share how we can improve medication adherence, through technology and better coordination of care. Thanks to Script Your Future, Brown University and all those who made this event possible.
Had a great time doing mock interviews with students at the Youth Career Expo in Hampton. Event helps prep students for college/jobs.
Incredible courage from Michael Sam. Cheering for you in the draft. 
