"Most importantly, the plan seemed to light a fire under Senate leaders, and signs of progress and talking finally began taking shape in the days following the rollout of Collins' plan."  -CNN on the bipartisan group of senators, including Joe, who worked to end the shutdown and ensure we pay our bills.
"Every day we spent working on this was one day we couldn't be working on putting more Hoosiers into additional employment." –Joe
[BREAKING]: Reaction Of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt., President Pro Tempore) To The Senate’s Bipartisan Agreement To Reopen Government And Prevent Default
"Let's learn from this and do better. I sincerely hope this bipartisan agreement can be a blueprint for future cooperation and compromise. As we turn the page, I'm anxious to get back to work on the things that really matter to Missouri families-like expanding job opportunities, fixing our roads, and making college more affordable. But we're only going to achieve those goals through negotiation, compromise, and moderation." -Claire
The clock has run out, and it is time for our colleagues in both houses of Congress to adopt this bipartisan agreement. http://1.usa.gov/18mS4h0
From today's Beckley Register-Herald: Sen. Manchin resolved death gratuity issue  READ MORE: http://www.register-herald.com/letters/x703139445/Our-Readers-Speak-Wednesday-Oct-16-2013
ICYMI: Earlier I talked to MSNBC's Chuck Todd on The Daily Rundown about a debt limit deal and about putting the American people before politics. Watch it here:
We can get this done. We need to step in and do the job we are supposed to do, quit being Democrats and Republicans and start being Americans first and put our country first again.    ICYMI: Watch my interview last night with CNN's Erin Burnett about a bipartisan budget deal.
Opening the government and preventing a default crisis is the common sense decision I’ve been advocating.   These threats of default and shutdowns hurt our economy, but now we need to move forward together.   Congress needs to get back to creating jobs, rebuilding America’s infrastructure, and re-balancing our economy.   These aren’t partisan priorities, they are American priorities.  And if both parties work together and start pulling in that direction we can lift our nation out of the economic struggles we've been in for far too long.  A healthy dose of political stability and economic certainty will go a long way toward helping America achieve long-term economic growth.
The eyes of the world have witnessed a great deal of political discord. But today, they will see Congress reach a historic, bipartisan agreement to reopen the government and avert a default on the nation’s bills. The compromise we reached will provide our economy with the stability it desperately needs.
“I’m glad that we have found common ground on a bipartisan plan to reopen the government and make sure our country pays its bills.  But make no mistake about it – small businesses, jobs and our economy have suffered greatly as a result of a crisis that was manufactured by a small number of individuals over the past two-and-a-half weeks.  No one wins when we put jobs and the economy at risk in an attempt to score political points. Americans are rightfully frustrated by Washington’s dysfunction and chaos and I am too.    “Throughout this crisis, it became clear that the majority of Congress wanted to find a bipartisan way to move our country forward. Today we accomplished that goal for the short-term and now we need a long-term plan to address our debt and deficits which will help avoid future manufactured crises that hurt jobs, the economy and our middle-class.”  --  Senator Shaheen
I'm glad cooler heads are prevailing with a bipartisan deal to reopen the government and ensure we can pay our bills on time. It's time to return our focus to our priorities: rebuilding our economy and getting the American people back to work.  The agreement will restore pay for federal employees who were furloughed through no fault of their own, resume benefits processing for veterans and seniors, reopen our national parks that provide economic benefits to our communities and let the important work of New Mexico's labs continue.   This senseless shutdown caused hardship for New Mexico communities. Americans deserve better than the partisan gridlock they have seen in Washington, and I'll continue working with my colleagues to make sure we get back to the regular order of passing a budget on time and preventing these manufactured crises.
It looks like we've avoided this calamity, but let's make sure that we never do this again. Let’s make sure that we take this next 90 days before the next Continuing Resolution expires and the 113 days before the debt ceiling comes and really get our fiscal house in order and make sure we give the American people back the confidence we need to move forward.
