I was proud to join Sister Simone, Senator Hirono & women and faith leaders today in a call to raise the minimum wage.
Wednesday, March 5, 2014- 10:00 am  Cardin to Chair U.S. Helsinki Commission Hearing on Developments in the Western #Balkans and Policy Responses   The countries of the Western Balkan region of #Europe – Albania, #Bosnia-#Herzegovina, #Croatia, #Kosovo, #Macedonia, #Montenegro and #Serbia – have started 2014 with a mix of challenges and expectations. Elections, dialogue and ongoing reform will be shaped by the hope of taking the next steps toward #European and #Euro-#Atlantic integration, with each country at a different stage of achievement or preparedness but all of them sharing an interest in progress, advancement and stability across the entire region. The hearing will feature the official views and policy approaches of the United States toward the countries of the Western Balkans, supplemented by the insights and analysis of experts from both sides of the Atlantic.    The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, also known as the U.S. Helsinki Commission, is a U.S. Government agency that monitors progress in the implementation of the provisions of the 1975 #Helsinki Accords. The Commission consists of nine members from the United States Senate , nine from the US House of Representatives and one member each from the U.S. Department of State U.S. Department of Commerce and U.S. Department of Defense
NA
Senator Donnelly spoke at a Coal Technology Symposium today, where he talked about the importance of coal providing affordable and reliable energy for Hoosier families and businesses while playing a vital role in an all-in approach to our nation’s energy policy. Watch his full remarks here.
Senator Donnelly had the opportunity to meet with representatives from the SFIA - Sports & Fitness Industry Association this morning, including baseball legend Tommy John from Terre Haute and former NFL running back Herschel Walker, where they discussed issues including diabetes and the importance of keeping our kids active and healthy.
I'm pleased with the Army Corps of Engineers work plan. $370 million for vital California infrastructure projects.
At the University of New Mexico Alumni Association reception in Washington, D.C. Everyone's a Lobo!
Honored to meet with North Dakota veterans from all across the state today to chat about ways to make sure they get the support they need and deserve.
Today I met with folks from all across North Dakota who are part of Rural Leadership North Dakota. It was great to meet so many inspiring North Dakotans who are committed to being involved and making a positive difference in our state.
Chatted with Tom Simmons today from Midcontinent about how we can work together for North Dakotans.
Organized a Coal Technology Symposium today with Senators Manchin, Donnelly, and Warner, where we brought together experts from government, industry and academia to talk about finding a viable path forward for coal in ND and the US.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=aecf9319-e03d-431f-a0ae-7b891581f57f 
Big step forward: The House passed a version of my flood insurance affordability bill bringing us one step closer to giving relief to thousands of New Jersey homeowners facing skyrocketing premiums.  I’m encouraged by this progress & hope we can bring the bill over the finish line very, very soon.
Kudos to Cecil County Public Library recognized by the Institute of Museum and Library Services as a finalist for a national award for making a difference for Maryland families & communities! 
Today I applaud the anti-gun violence advocates who pushed Facebook and Instagram to implement better, safer policies. These advocates are fighting tooth and nail to encourage Congress and private organizations to take a stand against gun violence. I'm proud to stand with you every step of the way.  http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-blumenthal-statement-on-changes-to-facebook-and-instagram-policies-to-curb-gun-sales
Congratulations to the Mid-Continent Public Library in Independence for being chosen as a finalist for the National Medal for Museum and Library Service for their work honoring local veterans. The medal is the nation’s highest honor for museums and libraries that make exceptional contributions to their communities. The library's efforts continue to make Independence and Missouri proud.
Today I joined my friends and colleagues, Senator Heitkamp, Senator Warner and Senator Donnelly for the Coal Technology Symposium to have a conversation about clean coal from a scientific and technological perspective.   To watch a video of my full remarks, visit my YouTube page: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zqIPIvER3w&feature=youtu.be
Today, Senator Manchin joined Senators Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), Joe Donnelly (D-IN), and Mark Warner (D-VA) at the Coal Technology Symposium hosted by West Virginia University and the University of North Dakota. The event focused on finding commonsense, viable paths forward for coal, which is projected to remain America’s most abundant, reliable and affordable domestic energy source for the next few decades.
March is Red Cross Month and today it is Red Cross Day at the West Virginia State Capitol. Let's all celebrate the American Red Cross by recognizing and thanking the dedicated volunteers who have made invaluable contributions to our communities and have given their time to help those in need.  There are many ways to become an everyday hero through the American Red Cross. Click here to find out how: http://www.redcross.org/news/article/Red-Cross-Month-Five-Ways-to-Be-an-Everyday-Hero
Helping job seekers is a cost effective way to boost our economy.  Yesterday, I filed a new bill, the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2014, to restore unemployment insurance for six months, retroactive to December 28th.  The expiration of emergency unemployment insurance has already hurt more than 2 million Americans -- including 8,000 Rhode Islanders – and set back our recovery by sapping billions of dollars from the national economy.    I believe in the dignity of work and it is time for Congress to start working together to help save and create jobs.  Reauthorizing UI would be a bipartisan step in the right direction.
We are seeking one more Republican vote to extend emergency jobless benefits. Make your voices heard!  http://www.reviewjournal.com/news/reid-preps-another-vote-extending-jobless-benefits
NYer Anthony Brown donated to his mother & knows how important it is to be #kidneyaware @kindeyfund
Pleased with Air Force decision to award Combat Rescue Helicopter contract on time- will be great news for #LockheedMartin Owego Employees:
Great news! The House passed bipartisan energy efficiency legislation this afternoon. Now it’s time for the Senate to do the same – LIKE and SHARE if you agree!
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Building Pathways New Hampshire is a great opportunity for women to learn the skills they need for a successful, well-paid career in the building trades. I hope women in New Hampshire will take advantage of this great, no-cost program.    http://www.fosters.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20140304/GJBUSINESS_01/140309833
Excellent video by two New Mexico teens shows the importance of the Land and Water Conservation Fund and why we must fully fund it. Kudos to the New Energy Economy for helping put it together – please watch and share it with others!
I'm very pleased the president's budget includes full funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, an important policy for New Mexico's environment and tourism economy. LWCF has helped to ensure recreational access and to protect hundreds of special places across New Mexico — from national parks, like Chaco Culture National Historical Park, to state and local recreation sites, like Mesilla Valley Bosque State Park.   For decades LWCF has created jobs and helped drive economic growth while ensuring recreational access to and protection of key natural resources - at no additional cost to taxpayers - but it has never been allowed to fulfill its promise because Congress has raided it for other purposes.   This year's request is in line with bipartisan legislation I have long championed, which would fully and permanently fund LWCF, and I'll continue working with my colleagues to make this a reality.
The president’s budget is a statement of the administration’s priorities for the year to come, and overall, it contains good news for New Mexicans. It continues to roll back the devastating sequestration cuts that risked jobs and threatened our state’s economy. Fiscally responsible investments in innovation and manufacturing, improving education and training, pro-work tax cuts, and immigration reform will create jobs and strengthen our economy. I urge Congress to work together to make these investments a reality to help ensure a brighter future for New Mexico families.   The budget also includes solid funding for Los Alamos National Lab cleanup and has good news for wildfire response, which is critical as we anticipate another very dry year. In other areas, there is room for improvement. The president’s budget is just a starting point, and I will continue to fight for New Mexico's labs, bases, and other priorities as we consider his proposal in the Appropriations Committee.
Introduced bipartisan legislation to stop proposed cuts to military #commissaries. These cuts are an unfair burden on many of our military men and women. Especially for young military families, retirees, and reservists who are trying to make their tight budgets work, they represent real money  -- as much as $3,000 in grocery savings per year: http://1.usa.gov/1gRqkCX   #milfam
