This is an exciting day for Colorado. The first 3 patent judges start working here in Denver. It will make it easier for applicants and inventors in our region to get their ideas to the market. At the same time, we're building Colorado's brand as an innovation hub and a hotbed for cutting-edge industries.
The deadline for an internship in our DC office is March 15th and Colorado offices accept applications on a rolling basis. Visit the link below to apply. Interns play an important role in each of my offices, providing support to me and my staff as we work to serve Coloradans and fix a broken Washington. Our Colorado and Washington internship programs provide great opportunities to gain firsthand experience into the governmental and legislative processes, and to learn more about significant issues facing Coloradans and all Americans. An internship with my office provides a solid foundation for any young person entering the job market.
Senator Cardin writes periodic columns for Maryland publications.  The following column about  women’s history month, and the importance of The Violence Against Women Act.   March is Women’s History Month, a time we usually celebrate or honor a specific woman in history.  This year, I would like to do something different. I would like to focus on domestic violence, an issue that has received a lot of attention in recent months because of legislation in Congress to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act.   I want to use this opportunity to gain a greater understanding of the issue, the progress we have made since the 1980s and what still needs to be done.   Until the 1970s, there really was very little attention paid to domestic violence in our nation. But that changed with the advent of the women’s liberation movement.  As women sought greater control over their lives, there was also increased awareness of problems associated with domestic violence.   Attitudes toward domestic violence have changed dramatically in the last 30 years.  In 1980, health and law enforcement professionals did not know how to respond to domestic violence and often felt many women just needed to go home and try harder to be better wives.   In the early 1980s, domestic violence was considered a family issue that mainly affected wives and few laws existed to address the problem.  At the time, there was very little understanding that domestic violence also could involve girlfriends, men, children or other family members. Consequently, very little attention was paid to dating violence, stalking, sexual assault, and other offenses often associated with domestic violence.   But attitudes toward domestic violence have changed significantly since the 1980s.  From 1980 to 2012, the Maryland General Assembly enacted 98 bills to address domestic violence, including expanding protective orders, marital rape, funding for domestic violence programs, among many other programs.  The Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) was first passed by Congress in 1994 with strong bipartisan support.  VAWA, which was reauthorized in 2000 and 2005, has had an enormous impact; it has strengthened stalking penalties, added protections for battered women, enhanced investigations and prosecutions of domestic violence and provided funding for domestic violence programs.   We have made tremendous progress in addressing domestic violence.  In 1980, there was no federal funding for programs to aid domestic violence victims and combat domestic abuse; today, $12 million in federal funds are devoted to domestic violence programs.  In 1980, there were only 13 programs in Maryland to assist victims of domestic violence; today, there are 20 comprehensive programs serving every jurisdiction in our state.    I am extremely pleased that both the Senate and House recently approved reauthorization of VAWA, which will make it possible to continue to provide the resources that are necessary to combat domestic violence.     We have made real progress in increasing awareness of domestic violence, but now is not the time to turn our attention away from the problem.  A number of studies show that one-in-four American women report experiencing intimate partner abuse in their lifetime.  It affects people from all walks of life, regardless of economic, ethnic and cultural circumstances.  They deserve our support and that’s why we need to reauthorize VAWA, to protect women and others from domestic violence.
The record breaking storms that have devastated the United States over the past few months have made it abundantly clear that our climate is changing. While we must find ways to address the causes of this climate change, it is equally important to prepare ourselves and our loved ones for the possibility of another severe weather event. This week is National Severe Weather Preparedness Week, which highlights some simple steps each of us can take to protect our families. Visit FEMA’s website for more information: http://www.ready.gov/severe-weather
The Jobs Corps plays a critical role in helping at-risk youth be competitive in the workforce, and there are still too many unanswered questions about how this shortfall occurred. I look forward to this hearing as a first step in providing a measure of accountability at the Department of Labor for this shortfall.
Just announced a Congressional Hearing into Job Corps shortfall that has impacted over 230 Philadelphia students, Cost 40 Jobs
Today begins National Severe Weather Preparedness Week, and for what could be a dangerous weather season, an effective plan for your household could help you if severe weather hits your area. Do you know your plan? Share this link with your friends and create the best plan with your family in case severe weather threatens your community.
I had the opportunity to meet with Energy Secretary nominee Dr. Ernest Moniz last year at MIT in his physics lab, and I’m encouraged by his thorough understanding and acumen of renewable energy development and research of low-carbon alternatives to fossil fuel. Looking forward to being involved in his confirmation process.
Just spoke to the National WIC Association about nutrition. Will work on this issue on the Senate Ag Committee
The North Dakota Air National Guard recognizes the outstanding airmen of the year. Congrats!
Looking forward to hearing more from Dr. Moniz regarding his views on an all-of-the-above approach to energy.
Severe weather in North Dakota. Please be careful and visit http://www.dot.nd.gov/travel-info-v2/ for travel conditions.
Met with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, Deputy Secretary of Defense Ash Carter and other top officials at the Pentagon to discuss sequestration’s damaging effects on Virginia
Next Stop For Domestic Violence Bill: The President’s Desk  
 
 Senate President Pro Tem Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Monday signed the newly passed Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act (VAWA) bill – the last stop before it reaches the President to be signed into law.
  
 Two photos are available at the links below. 
  
 Bills passed by the House and Senate are engrossed and then signed by House Speaker John Boehner and Senate President Pro Tem Leahy, before they can be sent to the President for signing into law.  Leahy signed the bill Monday afternoon in the President Pro Tem’s office in the U.S. Capitol.  Speaker Boehner already has signed the bill.
  
 The House last week passed the bipartisan Senate-passed version of the bill, authored by Leahy and lead Republican cosponsor Senator Mike Crapo (R-Idaho).
  
 Links below to two photos:
  
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/imo/media/image/VAWA_Signing1.jpg
  
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/imo/media/image/VAWA_Signing3.jpg
  
 (photo credit: Office of Sen. Patrick Leahy)
Today I had a productive meeting with Anne Arundel County Executive Laura Neuman to discuss sequester, jobs and working for the day-to-day needs of Maryland families. I look forward to working together.
In Bridgeport with Sen. Blumenthal, Bridgeport Mayor Bill Finch and Police Chief Joseph Gaudett, and Hartford Police Chief James Rovella to discuss federal legislation to crack down on illegal gun trafficking
Senator Manchin helped out at the National Guard's event in Charleston on Saturday. He was so pleased to meet with the West Virginia military families who stopped by.
Welcome home Lieutenant Colonel Sam Glover! Overjoyed to see our former US Army detail's family reunited last night at center court:
Watch out Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Barbara Boxer: New York is the Silicon Valley of Yogurt
NA
NA
Senator Warner joined Virginia radio host John Fredericks this morning for a wide-ranging discussion covering issues from sequestration and its impact on Virginia to immigration and regulatory reform.  (staff)
The courage of individuals like John Lewis was remarkable – just incredible. Throughout all of these moving events during the weekend, I picked-up a real desire by many of my colleagues – from both parties, and from both chambers – to work harder at coming together to make positive change on behalf of the  American people.
