Starting TODAY Delawareans can enroll or re-enroll in a health plan through the Choose Health Delaware health insurance marketplace. I encourage all Delawareans to visit www.ChooseHealthDE.com for more information and some helpful guidance on choosing a plan that’s right for you.
North Dakota firefighters and first responders consistently step up to the plate and protect our communities and even sought out crucial training so they can best respond to potential incidents on the rail, such as the derailmentsnear Casselton last year, and again just a few days ago. Currently, three firefighters from West Fargo and three from Fargo, at the FEMA training center on responding to potential hazmat incidents, including derailments of trains carrying materials like crude oil. I pushed hard to secure funds for this facility because I believe we need to equip our emergency personnel and first responders with the tools they need to respond to North Dakota’s emerging threats and hazards and help keep our communities safe. Through my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative, legislation and helping secure funds, I will continue to fight for necessary resources for our first responders.
Mark your calendars - Monday, November 17 at 6:00pm CT I’m holding a Facebook Q&A to discuss my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative. Come back to my Facebook page and ask your questions about my efforts to make sure North Dakota families are protected by addressing the new safety challenges facing our state. These challenges include everything from the increase in drug-related crimes, infrastructure stress, human trafficking, as well as other issues. Spread the word! http://1.usa.gov/1pR3aXf
Open enrollment starts today. Check out Access Health CT and visit www.accesshealthct.com to compare plans and enroll in coverage.
TOMORROW: Claire will appear on CBS' Face The Nation to talk about what lies ahead for the new Congress.   The show airs at different times across Missouri, so please check local listings (link below) to find out what time you can catch Claire in your city.
Rhode Islanders! Today’s the first day you can shop for new insurance plans at HealthSource RI for coverage beginning 1/1/15. You can learn more by visiting healthsourceri.com.
