"...while the House Republicans cheered for themselves on that fateful night, history will not look kindly on their ugly attacks on immigrant children."    Read my op-ed for the Huffington Post here: 
Kicking off my Planes,Trains, and Automobiles and More Tour and checking out the incredible work CDOT has done on the I-70 Twin Tunnels.  Although Colorado has developed innovative infrastructure throughout the state, we need Congress to find long-term solutions to invest in the infrastructure we need for a 21st century economy.
Even more reason to pass my Pregnant Workers Fairness Act: #PWFA 
Great visit to four Zionsville businesses this afternoon with local Chamber of Commerce leaders.
“After a lifetime of hard work, seniors should have peace of mind knowing they can enjoy their retirement in peace and with financial security. By providing seniors with knowledge and resources to identify scams and fraud, we can reduce the number of victims who lose out financially to these often-sophisticated schemes.” –Joe, after hosting a @SenateAging Field Hearing today in Indianapolis to help empower Hoosiers and generate new ideas on how to address scams and fraud targeting seniors  To learn more about the hearing and read testimony from Senator Donnelly and others, please click below. http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-holds-field-hearing-to-empower-hoosiers-generate-new-ideas-on-how-to-address-scams-and-fraud-targeting-seniors 
Time for lunch with the workers at @IndyStateFair Pioneer Village
Stopped at Pioneer Village at the @IndianaStateFair
Starting the U.S. Senate Aging Committee field hearing on helping Hoosiers ID scams and fraud at the Indiana State Fair with Congressman André Carson.
Ready for the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging Field Hearing on preventing scams and fraud at the Indiana State Fair.
I received more than 140,000 postcards from Californians who are pledging their support for common-sense laws to reduce gun violence. Thank you to all who expressed views and know that I stand with you in saying #NotOneMore death from gun violence. To learn more about the great work at Everytown for Gun Safety, click here: http://www.everytown.org.
Today I spoke with the Grand Forks Rotary Club about the massive growth we’re seeing in North Dakota, not just in the western part of the state, but also in places like Grand Forks. Grand Forks is a perfect spot for our nation to develop UAS technology and procedures that will help support our farmers and businesses, and help unleash the economic potential of this promising industry. On top of that, all of us know how wonderful the community in Grand Forks is and the pride it takes in hosting the Air Force Base and its airmen. Our state’s growth is beyond compare and it’s because of communities like Grand Forks that work together with local businesses, schools, military, and agencies to innovate, grow, and create jobs.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=67360dae-e07d-4fbd-bc3c-4f318047ce81
Check out this story in the Jamestown Sun about my visit yesterday with Jamestown veterans and my new bill to better support our veterans. 
Tonight families across Maryland are standing up to crime and violence celebrating National Night Out. I'm proud to support National Night Out, bringing together communities and crime fighters to say NO to violence in our neighborhoods. Find an event in your community. 
On Tuesday, August 5, 2014, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.), Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, participated in a ribbon cutting to dedicate the new expansion of the Dr. Edward J. Poziomek Advanced Chemistry Laboratory at Aberdeen Proving Ground. The new state-of-the-art facility is the nation’s only facility providing advanced, cutting-edge research and development on chemical threats and counter-chemical agents.   Researchers and scientists at the laboratory will be on the front-lines fighting against chemical and biological weapons, researching vaccines and drugs to save lives, developing detection and reconnaissance systems to stay ahead of our enemies, testing protective gear to keep our warriors safe and developing new decontamination systems to stop the spread of toxic agents.    Following the ribbon cutting ceremony, participants toured a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and Explosives (CBRNE) Capabilities Showcase where they saw first-hand a variety of resources that were developed to detect chemical and biological threats, protect our men and women in uniform from those threats, decontaminate locations and equipment, and - finally – eliminate existing chemical and biological weapons, as with the ongoing mission in Syria.
Jim Brady turned a tragedy into a rallying cry for commonsense gun legislation that culminated years later with the passage of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. His work has stopped millions of gun sales to people who shouldn't own a gun and has left our streets safer as a result. This bill wasn't easy to pass, and it took a long time to do it, but the benefits it produced were well worth the wait. We should be inspired by his patience as we fight to pass comprehensive anti-gun violence legislation.   Jim Brady's legacy is a reminder that other gun violence prevention measures are worth fighting for and his determination is an example of how powerful the human spirit is.
On August 5, 1967, I truly became the happiest man in the world. Happy anniversary, Gayle, and thank you for 47 wonderful years of marriage, and for your endless love and support. To celebrate this day, I’d like to share the song that we first danced to as a couple. Enjoy! http://bit.ly/1qVunrG 
I have seen firsthand the impact that the drug abuse epidemic has had on families and communities in West Virginia and across our country. That is why I am disappointed that Kroger has failed to address this problem proactively by refusing to terminate sales of single-ingredient pseudoephedrine products found in some cold medicines that are frequently used to make meth. I am also disappointed that Kroger has not lowered its yearly sales limits of pseudoephedrine, which Fruth Pharmacies, CVS, Rite-Aid and Walgreens already have implemented voluntarily in West Virginia. I truly hope Kroger reconsiders its recent decision.   http://www.wvgazette.com/article/20140804/GZ01/140809747
NA
The crowd loved Roxanne Shante, Biz Markie, Rob Base & Kool Moe Dee at Old School Night in Brooklyn!
If you missed the ESPN Outside the Lines piece on Jim Kelly you can watch it here. And you should. #KellyTough    
This afternoon, Senator Shaheen visited with businesses in Salem and Hudson to highlight how expanding exporting opportunities for small businesses can help them grow and create New Hampshire jobs. Shaheen presented awards recognizing Corfin Industries and WS Badger for their excellence in exporting and toured Mercury Systems to highlight the importance of high-tech manufacturing.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1pB9A99
Startups create about three million new jobs each year, and are major economic drivers in the Commonwealth and across the country. Pleased to work with @1776dc on #StartUpDay2014 bit.ly/1ooEflM 
Senator Dick Durbin, Senator Jack Reed and I sent a letter to President Obama today, encouraging him to take action on “corporate inversion” tax freeloading. The Obama Administration can prevent companies that renounce their citizenship from using other loopholes to avoid paying their fair share. 
