Tammy & Cecile Richards support Mary Burke in Milwaukee & Madison
Last week, the federal appeals court upheld two parts of an anti-abortion law in Texas that will ultimately force many clinics to shut down. Only 7 will remain open in the state, requiring many women will have to drive hundreds of miles to receive care.    A new study by ANSIRH shows that abortion restrictions can not only prevent women from getting the care they need, it can also prevent them from leaving abusive partners.    The laws passed like those in Texas and Wisconsin have the false pretext of preventing health when their only objective is to obstruct and curtail access to safe and legal abortions and reproductive services. We must continue working to pass the Women’s Health Protection Act, which would provide a clear and certain response to these regulations and laws.    Read the study here, and share: http://j.mp/1s8ecay
We have a profound obligation to #SaveTheBay. We also have substantial financial incentives to improve the long term health of the #ChesapeakeBay.  cc. Chesapeake Bay Foundation
Proud to receive a perfect score AAUW Action Fund’s Congressional Voting Record. I am committed to working to ensure women's rights are protected and advanced.  
Looking forward to visiting Farming 4 Hunger Inc. later today. In addition to supporting residents returning to the community with housing and counseling services, food from the farm is used to supplement the diets of low-income residents who otherwise may not have access to farm-grown fruits and vegetables. Farming 4 Food also runs agriculture education programs, mentoring and local food retail programs.   #farming4hunger
It was a pleasure to have SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet in Delaware today for Manufacturing Day. We toured O.A. Newton, a Delaware manufacturer in Bridgeville that has been thriving since the early 1900’s.
In Bethlehem, continuing the push for the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. Legislation that would bolster protections for pregnant workers by allowing them to seek reasonable accommodations so they can continue working during pregnancy.
NA
Great to visit Twin Lakes AMVETS Post 91 in Monticello today for lunch.
My heart goes out to the family of fallen Hoosier Corporal Jordan Spears. Corporal Spears was an American hero. He served our country honorably and made the ultimate sacrifice defending our freedoms. We will not forget his service. -Joe
California universities are worldwide leaders in higher education. Two are in top 5 of the Times Higher Education rankings. 
October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month. Cyber attacks are a top economic and national security threat. 
Today I spoke at the North Dakota Hospital Association’s 80th Annual Convention to highlight the importance of supporting quality health care providers in rural communities throughout North Dakota so families throughout the state have access to quality care. I grew up in a town of just 90 folks, where my family made up a tenth of our community’s population – a reminder to me every day that where families make their homes in North Dakota shouldn’t dictate the quality or level of health care. We need to keep pushing to expand access to affordable, top-notch health care in rural areas all across our state because it’s an important resource that all North Dakotans need and deserve. 
One of my top priorities was to pass a Farm Bill that protected and worked for North Dakota farmers and ranchers. In just a year and a half, we passed a comprehensive, long-term Farm Bill, though there’s still a lot of work to do to make sure the new provisions and programs are implemented as intended and that North Dakotans understand their options. Check out this article that lists the resources available to better understand new Farm Bill provisions, including websites and upcoming meetings. 
Today I visited with students at West Fargo High School and participated in Microsoft-partnership computer science classes that mentors and trains students for work in high-tech fields. Our kids are the future of this communities and our state, and it’s our job to help them gain the skills they need to succeed. Because of the investments Microsoft has made in developing its future talent in our schools, we are already seeing our kids flourish with a rich education in science, mathematics, and technology. These types of educational investments continue to keep our economy strong and our communities safe, and I’ll keep pushing for programs that help our younger North Dakotans thrive, every single day. http://1.usa.gov/1s9Z1wu
Sign up for email updates to stay informed about the work I'm doing on behalf of the Commonwealth: http://1.usa.gov/1sP1CxG
Senator McCaskill travels to universities across Missouri to talk directly with students, educators, and law enforcement on ways to combat sexual violence on campus—and get feedback on her bipartisan legislation to protect and empower students, and strengthen accountability and transparency for institutions.
"After taking on sexual assault in the military, McCaskill – a former prosecutor -- has turned her attention to the same issue on campus. She helped lead a bipartisan group of senators in putting together the Campus Safety and Accountability act, legislation to give victims clearer options on how to report assaults and put more pressure on universities to improve their reporting and investigating procedures."
There are so many young West Virginians who are making a difference by helping others, and I encourage them to apply for the 20th annual Prudential Spirit of Awards Program by November 4. This is an opportunity for students in grades 5-12 who are involved in volunteer community service to be recognized and rewarded for their outstanding contributions to their communities. State honorees will will receive a $1,000 award, an engraved silver medallion and a trip to Washington, D.C. on May 2-5, 2015 for the national recognition events.   Read more about the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards Program, including how to apply: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=db506936-7e9d-46ef-9b6d-73b39630d06d
NA
Today's 9th Circuit opinion extending marriage equality reads in part:  “The lessons of our constitutional history are clear: inclusion strengthens, rather than weakens, our most important institutions. When we integrated our education, schools improved. When we opened our juries to women, our democracy became more vital. When we allowed lesbian and gay soldiers to serve openly in uniform, it enhanced unit cohesion. When same-sex couples are married, just as when opposite-sex couples are married, they serve as models of loving commitment to all.”
Great news!
Don’t overload electrical outlets; only plug one heat producing appliance in a receptacle at once.  #firepreventionweek
Celebrating 100 years of delicious Beef on Weck from Charlie the Butcher this week!
A new study from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development confirms what Granite Staters have known for years: New Hampshire is great place to live and raise a family. The new study rates New Hampshire’s quality of life as the best in the U.S.!   
