Forests in central and northern Wisconsin face underutilization. Tammy is committed to creating a more stable timber supply from our federal forest lands.
I enjoyed touring Appvion headquarters in Appleton last Friday. Manufacturing strengthens our #MadeinWI workforce and economy, and exports our Wisconsin-made goods across America and the world. -TB
Did you know that for every $1 spent on wildfire mitigation, we save $5 in future disaster losses? It's a startling statistic and it's why we will keep advocating for additional mitigation resources to help Colorado and other Western states curb the trend of larger and more costly wildfire tragedies. Read our op-ed in the Durango Herald to learn more about how fighting fires is necessary, but mitigation is smarter, safer, and cheaper.
Outraged that the Senate missed yet another opportunity to #RenewUI
#BREAKING   U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), a member of the #Senate Finance Committee, today criticized Senate #Republicans for their continuing opposition to extending Emergency #UI benefits during this time of high unemployment. The modest benefits provided by unemployment insurance kept 2.5 million #Americans, including 600,000 children, out of poverty last year.    “Extending Emergency #Unemployment Insurance benefits is the right thing to do.  We never should have let it expire at the end of 2013, and I am outraged that the Senate missed yet another opportunity to bring economic stability to millions of Americans,” Senator Cardin said. “Unemployment rates are getting lower and we're all working to make sure they get as low as we can, but if you're unemployed and you're looking for work, it's still pretty tough out there. Americans who are looking for work continue to face an historically tight #job market. We cannot just leave them and their families to fall into poverty because some in Congress prefer gridlock to accomplishing something that helps individuals in need and boosts our overall #economy.  We need to make sure those benefits are continued.   “Before last month, Congress had never allowed special extended unemployment benefits to expire when the long-term unemployment rate was as high as it is today. Our failure to act is leaving millions of job-seekers in limbo.”  An estimated 22,900 #Marylanders lost benefits when the program expired last month.  Over the course of 2014, a total of 82,600 Marylanders will lose their benefits if the program isn’t extended.  Nearly 40 percent of beneficiaries live in households with children.
My thoughts and prayers are with the Roswell community who were affected by this morning’s shooting at Berrendo Middle School. I commend our local law enforcement officers and emergency first responders who rushed to the scene to protect and aide those who were hurt. I’ve been briefed on this matter and my office has been in contact with the Roswell Police Department to offer any assistance as this investigation continues to develop.
In western North Dakota, we have seen a sharp increase in drug abuse and that’s hurting not only the users, but also their families and communities. A special prosecutor has been assigned to the area – another step the Administration has taken to address drug and crime issues in the area since I brought the director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy to North Dakota last year to see the severity of the challenges we’re facing. We must tackle the increase in drug and other criminal activity head on to make sure North Dakota citizens and families remain safe in their homes and communities.
I wish I could have been at the first event to kick off the year-long celebration of North Dakota's 125th Anniversary of Statehood today. But I look forward to celebrating the anniversary throughout the year.
At the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee Hearing today, we looked at ongoing efforts to limit the travel and conference spending of federal agencies, including the often overlooked expense of time.
http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-sanders-welch-preserve-role-and-funds-for-vsac  WASHINGTON (January 14, 2014) – The spending bill released late Monday night that funds federal agencies through the end of the fiscal year includes a provision, advocated by Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Rep. Peter Welch (D-Vt.), requiring the U.S. Department of Education to continue its contract with the Vermont Student Assistance Corp. (VSAC) and other nonprofit student loan servicers nationwide.
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, January 14, 2014) –The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing featuring all five members of the President’s Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies to discuss their recent recommendations to overhaul the government’s surveillance authorities. Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), author of the bipartisan USA FREEDOM Act, has also presided over three earlier oversight hearings on the topic in recent months. Member statements, witness testimony and a webcast of today’s hearing are available online.
Here are some key takeaways from my Senate Floor speech a little while ago…  1. We must not tell those who need our help that there’s nothing we can do in the Senate. We can pass a bill now & renew unemployment insurance.  2. I strongly support repealing military pension cuts.  3. I strongly oppose the GOP Child Tax Credit amendment that would unfairly punish 5.5 million children.  Please feel free to check out my full speech below.
Following one of the nation's largest breaches of consumers' personal data in history, Claire, Chairman of the Consumer Protection Subcommittee is asking the President and CEO of Target for the latest findings on the circumstances that permitted unauthorized access to the financial and personally identifying information of as many as 110 million Americans during the busiest shopping time of the year. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1gF9o31
Congress needs to wake up on climate change because carbon pollution is a direct assault on our economy and our future. Today a group of Senators said we will do what's in our power to take on this catastrophic threat.
ICYMI: My op-ed in The Intelligencer / Wheeling News-Register on protecting West Virginia homeowners from paying drastically higher flood insurance costs: http://bit.ly/1m00P70
Bloomberg's Billionaires Index shows the rich are getting richer. 300 fortunate individuals flooded their already flush coffers with another $2 billion each last year, as millions of American families struggled to make the rent.
 
 For most Americans, hard work isn’t paying off the way it does for the top one percent. And for many, it’s been impossible to even find steady, full-time work since the recession began.
Take a look at the latest Shriver Report “A Woman’s Nation Pushes Back from the Brink” with essays from Senator Gillibrand, #Beyonce Knowles-Carter, #Lebron James and more. And it’s free to download before January 15th.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after legislation to extend emergency unemployment insurance failed to clear a procedural vote in the Senate this afternoon:    “Emergency unemployment insurance has always enjoyed strong bipartisan support and that fact makes this afternoon’s vote even more troubling.  I hope we can find a way forward to provide this critical lifeline for families who are trying to make ends meet.  Inaction on extending these emergency benefits will have serious economic consequences we can’t afford.”
Proud to see folks recognizing my work to make Washington a more transparent and accountable place:
Please join me in congratulating Rhode Island's very own Marissa Castelli! This weekend Marissa and her skating partner won the national pairs title at the 2014 U.S. Figure Skating Championships – and the next day, they received the good news that they'll be representing America at the Olympics in Sochi. Way to make RI proud!
We have come a long way in one year since we faced down the challenges that sequester introduced in 2013—what I described as "stupidity on steroids." It’s been a tough fight, but I’m pleased we have emerged with a bill that includes many of the Virginia priorities that are vital to our nation’s defense, especially full funding for our shipbuilding programs and ship repair accounts. These will help bring needed stability to the Hampton Roads workforce and industrial base.
