I was glad to join Congressman Doug Lamborn, Colorado Springs Councilor Scott Hente, Manitou Springs Mayor Marc Snyder, and the Incline Friends group earlier this week at the official ribbon-cutting for the Manitou Incline. It took an act of Congress – and a lot of local and federal collaboration - to finally make it legal, but now everyone can hike this grueling, but beautiful trail. Enjoy!
We've introduced a bill to protect the Thompson Divide from future oil and gas development. Read all about the Thompson Divide Withdrawal and Protection Act here and become a citizen co-sponsor of the bill on my website.
Proud to receive a 100% rating from the Defenders of Wildlife on their annual report card.
Sharing this Op/Ed in the News Journal from earlier this week on the good news that jobs are coming to Sussex County.  http://www.delawareonline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=2013304030029
April is Child Abuse Prevention Month. Let’s make sure we do all that we can to protect those that cannot protect themselves.
Attention Delaware High School students: I'm now accepting applications for U.S. service academy nominations. If you're interested in attending the U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Merchant Marine Academy or U.S. Military Academy, click the link to learn more: http://carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/service-academy-nominations.
Senator Coons' press office released a new installment of the "Correspondence from the Commute" video series on Wednesday. In this video, Chris replies to Brad from Nassau about climate change.
NA
Share this post with your friends. Earlier, Joe talked about local job creation with community leaders from New Albany because he, as senator, wants to do all he can to develop local economies and produce more jobs for hard-working Hoosiers.
In Lawrenceburg, Senator Donnelly began the second leg of Hoosier JobsRoots where he met with business owners about how he could help them develop the economy in their community.
Listening to unique Indian Country housing issues with the Fort Berthold Housing Authority.
Getting an aerial view of the MHA Nation's beautiful tribal lands.
Look forward to spending the day with my friends at the Fort Berthold Reservation, where I will get an update on energy and housing.
During a guest lecture to Professor Larry Sabato's Intro to American Politics class at UVA, I described my first three months as a Senator and talked about the importance of civility in politics and focusing on points of agreement between the two parties.
I learned a lot from my discussion with veterans in Lynchburg this morning about my first Senate bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013. It’s critical we support veterans as they enter the civilian workforce.
Today, Senator Manchin kicked off his week-long "Commonsense Solutions" tour in West Virginia.
Senator Manchin kicked off his "Commonsense Solutions" tour this week by speaking at the United Mine Workers of America's rally in Charleston. In case you missed it, here is the video of his remarks.
Senator Manchin kicked off his "Commonsense Solutions" tour this week by speaking at the United Mine Workers of America's rally in Charleston. In case you missed it, here is the video of his remarks.  http://youtu.be/opVHhG83z4o
I was so pleased to meet the Champ Mike Tyson yesterday in Nevada to talk about the importance of pardoning former boxing great Jack Johnson. Tyson and I also had a fun chat about our favorite boxing stories and the history of the sport
Montana Transportation Director Mike Tooley understands America's roadways and railways.  That's why I endorsed him for the National Freight Advisory Committee.  His expertise, experience and knowledge of rural America make him the right man for the job.
Did you know Eddy and Lea Counties account for almost 30 percent of all oil produced on federal land, making up almost 1/3 of New Mexico's entire state budget? I recently visited the Carlsbad field office of the Bureau of Land Management - New Mexico to see the important work being done to balance energy development and conservation on our public lands. BLM-Carlsbad is the busiest office in terms of oil and gas permits in the state and the second-highest in the nation. Director Jesse Juen and his staff are doing an excellent job working with local industry and handling these responsibilities in a tight budget environment.
Always enjoy talking with Mike on my Tuesday with Tom radio call, but it's even better catching up with him in person at the KSVP Radio station in Artesia. Go Bulldogs!
Very impressed with the work being done at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) in Artesia. Their training facilities and programs are needed now more than ever for work on border security and law enforcement in Indian Country. From their top staff to their new trainees, FLETC does the important work of keeping us safe at home and around the globe.
