"A multi-year transportation bill will help businesses succeed by making sure goods and products get to where they need to go. U.S. trade is expected to double in the next 13 years, and our national transportation assets must serve the growing economic demands for U.S. goods and services. We must modernize and maintain our infrastructure or we risk diminished profits and falling behind our international competitors in the global marketplace."   
We should be proud, as Americans, of our Nation’s leadership in making it easier for people with disabilities to participate fully in society, to have equal access to educational, economic, and social opportunities for self-fulfillment and advancement. Yesterday's vote in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee provided us with another opportunity to demonstrate global leadership in promoting human rights and equal rights for those with disabilities. The #CRPD embodies many of the same ideals the Americans with Disabilities Act promotes: it empowers people with disabilities to be able to make their own choices, to claim personal responsibility for their own lives, and to be independent. I urge all my Senate colleagues to support this international treaty on the Senate floor and give the United States a say in how people with disabilities, including our own citizens, are treated around the world.
This teacher did her part to help students who were struggling with student loan debt at the for-profit college where she taught. Now, it’s time for Congress to do their part to help students buried in debt. http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/23/as-a-teacher-i-fought-predatory-for-profit-schools-from-the-inside/
When it comes to for-profit colleges, they will say anything to make students sign on the dotted line to take out a loan. Read about some the predatory marketing tactics they’ve used: http://www.stltoday.com/news/opinion/editorial-bottom-line-first-students-second-at-some-for-profit/article_040b8362-825b-544e-a816-9a17e8d031a1.html
Today, the Senate will hold a vote on the #BringJobsHome bill. I’ll be voting for it because our tax code should reward companies that stay in America and not the ones that ship jobs overseas.
“This new report from the DoD is yet another harrowing reminder that we must address the scourge of military suicide immediately.” –Joe in response to the latest Department of Defense report on military suicides in 2013. 
Happy to shoot weather safety PSA’s with Jim Cantore this afternoon to remind Hoosier families to stay safe during inclement weather.
Big step toward equality: Stronger job protections for LGBT workers and contractors in the federal government.
As a father, I believe this debate cannot be just about the efficiency with which we can deport refugees from Central America. It should also take into account the situation that these boys and girls are seeking to escape. Congress should focus on strengthening safeguards for children rather than weakening protections.
For 50 years, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has helped support thousands of local conservation and outdoor recreation projects across the country, and it’s been critical to securing natural treasures in New Mexico, such as the Valles Caldera National Preserve, the new Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge in the Rio Grande Valley, and the Petroglyph National Monument. Hunting, camping, fishing, and many other outdoor recreation activities are a way of life for New Mexico families and help boost our economy. I'll continue to support full and permanent funding of LWCF to ensure Americans benefit from it for generations to come.
Today's new federal rules to improve safety of the transportation of oil on the rails are an important and needed step toward making sure families and communities across the country are safe. Especially following the derailment in Casselton last December, I have long said that safety should be everyone’s top priority, and to accomplish that, we need a holistic approach that brings all sides to the table – federal and local governments, and industry. Part of those efforts also included pressuring the U.S. Department of Transportation to issue updated safety rules, and today, the agency has taken those important steps. I’ll continue reviewing these new proposals to make sure they provide the highest level of safety while enabling the U.S. to continue developing our vast energy resources, and will continue to call on all sides to work together as these rules are soon implemented. 
Today at a Senate Agriculture hearing, I made the case for improved nutrition in the nation’s schools, but highlighted that the federal government can’t just mandate changes without providing the resources necessary for making them a reality. In North Dakota, 74% of school districts need at least one piece of kitchen equipment to better serve healthy meals, which is what my bill, the School Food Modernization Act, aims to address. As a school cook, my mother worked hard every day to make healthy meals for students and we need to make sure others like her have the tools to make healthy lunches for students today. 
Today I met with top commanders of Minot Air Force Base to discuss how the base needs to work with the growing energy industry in western North Dakota to make sure Intercontinental Ballistic Missile and B-52 missions aren’t compromised and our servicemembers are kept safe, and balance access to airspace for the B-52 force and general aviation. By coming together and finding solutions that work for the base, servicemembers, and civilian workforce, we can make sure Minot Air Force Base will continue its role in protecting North Dakota and the nation. http://1.usa.gov/1uflASH
While I would have liked to join Weather Channel meteorologist Jim Cantore who was on Capitol Hill today to talk weather safety - I sent him my regards with a photo of our last meeting where I presented him a Senate umbrella! Thanks to all our meteorologists who every day are working to prepare communities for severe weather and keep families safe.
Thanks again to all those who participated in last night's "Hollow" documentary viewing and discussion. It was a pleasure to have Elaine, her team, and the residents of McDowell County in Washington to view this remarkable film, and I am so thankful for the opportunity to have this important discussion in our nation’s capital. McDowell County is a special place, and its story resonates with many counties and small towns across America.  It is past time that we broaden this discussion to a national level and determine how to rebuild and revitalize these communities, which have helped build America and are without a doubt the heart of this great country.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=09b116bc-2d89-4aee-af40-599cf9d34657
Senator Manchin and filmmaker Elaine McMillion Sheldon hosted a viewing of the award-winning “Hollow” documentary in Washington, D.C. More than 250 people attended the reception and viewing, which was held at the United States Capitol Building. The film, which has been nominated for a 2014 Emmy Award and was awarded a 2013 Peabody Award, is an interactive documentary that features the stories of individuals living in McDowell County, West Virginia. It merges cinematic techniques with web-based storytelling to encourage a dialogue about the issues that small-town America faces.
I am so pleased to announce that a clear partnership has been formed today in Washington, D.C. between the federal and state agencies who are on the front lines of ensuring West Virginia’s water supply is without a shadow of a doubt safe to use and drink. We have all agreed that it is necessary to conduct additional scientific testing to rebuild West Virginians’ confidence that the water they use and drink every day is safe for themselves and their children, and to ensure there is a clear understanding of any potential long-term health impacts. These tests should be completed within a year, at which point we will come together to assess the findings and determine what additional steps we will need to take.  Read more at my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=33e9eaed-9d3c-40cb-b36d-e4c7d799ca62
The company that Charles Walgreen started is reportedly considering a renunciation of its American citizenship and a move to Switzerland, just to avoid paying its fair share of taxes.  When these companies reincorporate overseas, it is, simply put, unfair. It’s unfair to the American taxpayer, to the American government, and to the many companies who refuse to engage in this deceptive practice.   http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-23-07-reid-remarks-on-ending-corporate-citizenship-scams#.U9AobPldV8E
Clean energy policies will create good paying jobs, bring new industries to our states, and end our addiction to fossil fuels that contributes to climate change.
For those of us long fighting to phase out the dangerous, crude-carrying DOT-111 tanker cars, our train has finally arrived in the form of much-needed new regulation from the federal Department of Transportation. These desperately needed safety regulations will phase out the aged and explosion-prone DOT-111 tanker cars that are hauling endless streams of highly flammable crude oil through communities across the country and in New York. Safety is job number one, and the DOT should be commended for heeding our call and including a package of commonsense safety measures – like speed limits, new braking controls, and standards for a safer tank car – that will further safeguard communities along freight lines. These safety rules should be finalized, implemented, and enforced as soon as possible.
Taxpayers shouldn’t be footing the bill for companies that ship jobs overseas. Like and share this video if you agree.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNeW26283sw
Today, I spoke out about the importance of helping communities in New Mexico -- like Questa, where Chevron recently announced it was closing its molybdenum mine -- to rebuild their economy and create new jobs. I recently visited Questa, and I'm fighting to do all I can to ensure it and communities across New Mexico have the tools they need to invest in their future and grow stronger. That's why I'm supporting the Bring Jobs Home Act to eliminate tax loopholes for corporations that move jobs overseas and help communities with a tax policy that builds them up. This is the kind of fairness folks deserve – in Questa, in New Mexico, and all across America.   Click here for more about what the bill would do and how it would help grow our economy.
People in New Mexico and all across the country know our campaign finance system is broken and failing. They also know that billionaires are corrupting our elections at the expense of middle-class families and the issues they face.   Today, I spoke out on another effort to restore integrity back to our elections. The DISCLOSE Act I'm cosponsoring would require practical, sensible and long overdue disclosure rules to crack down on "dark money" that is corrupting our government.   No matter what party you're from or what interest you represent – if you are spending money to influence our elections, you should have to disclose it to the American people. Click below to watch my statement and share it with others if you agree. 
The decision today to move forward with proposed regulations on crude by rail transport is a positive step, and one that I’ve been advocating for since the Lynchburg derailment. There is clearly more work to be done, and we need to make sure first responders have the appropriate information and resources to respond in case there is an incident. I look forward to working with the Department of Transportation, the business community and Virginia localities to move this process forward so that we can protect our communities and transport these materials in the safest possible manner http://1.usa.gov/Ut6qbQ
The Massachusetts Joint Task Force on the Underground Economy announced today that it recovered $15.6 million last year from businesses that broke the law and violated workers' rights. Thank you Governor Patrick and the state legislature for making the JTF a permanent investigatory unit -- this is an important effort to protect hardworking men and women across the Commonwealth from exploitation in the workplace. 
