Congratulations to Gina McCarthy, she has been confirmed as the new head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Ben- #Senate has just voted to confirm Tom #Perez to head the U.S. Department of Labor. This is a win for working Americans and our economy, Tom has had a stellar track record as a dedicated public servant willing to  compromise to seek the greater good. I know he will continue to work hard in his new position. Official statement to follow.  Congrats.
NA
***TODAY FROM 2pm ET***
 
 Senator Ben Cardin, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer Members of Maryland House Delegation 
 to Hold Twitter Town Hall on #Sequestration
 
 Senator Cardin, Senator Mikulski, Whip Hoyer, Representative Elijah E. Cummings Dutch Ruppersberger Congressman John Sarbanes Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards Chris Van Hollen and Congressman John K. Delaney will host a Twitter Town Hall on Thursday, July 18 from 2:00 – 3:00 p.m. to discuss furloughs at Maryland defense installations and federal facilities, as well as other ways Marylanders are being impacted by the arbitrary, across-the-board spending cuts known as sequestration. 
 
 Maryland Delegation members will be responding to constituent questions through their Twitter accounts: @WhipHoyer (Hoyer), @SenatorBarb (Mikulski), @SenatorCardin (Cardin), @ElijahECummings (Cummings), @Call_Me_Dutch (Ruppersberger), @ChrisVanHollen (Van Hollen), @RepJohnSarbanes (Sarbanes), @RepDonnaEdwards (Edwards), and @RepJohnDelaney (Delaney).
It's the first day of the Delaware State Fair! Don't forget to drop by my booth in the Delaware Building to enter a raffle to win a flag that has flown over the U.S. Capitol. Drawings nightly!
The American Mustache Institute’s decision confirmed what we already knew- that Pittsburgh is not only one of the country’s most livable cities but one of the most stylish. From the Handlebar to the Horseshoe, Pittsburghers can do it all. With football season around the corner, this announcement will up the pressure on the Steelers’  Brett Keisel to grow something truly extraordinary this year.
We all owe a debt of gratitude to this Lancaster teen.
Going to the State Fair? Come visit us in the Delaware Building!
Today, Senator Donnelly introduced the Military Reserve Jobs Act of 2013 with Senator Ted Cruz and Senator Patrick Leahy.  The bill would give qualified members of the Reserve Components tiered preference in hiring for civil service jobs.
Working to jumpstart a patent and trademark office in Silicon Valley. Eight of the top 10 patent-producing cities in are located in California.
Headed to a Senate Banking hearing. Chairman Bernanke will give his semiannual report to Congress. Watch live:
Wish I could have been in #Fargo for this.
Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.), Chairwoman of the Appropriations Committee, was joined by Senators Harry Reid (D-Nev.), Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and Patty Murray (D-Wash.) in calling on Republicans to negotiate a budget deal, pass appropriations funding bills and cancel the devastating sequester.
Today I was joined by Senators Harry Reid, Dick Durbin, Chuck Schumer and Patty Murray in calling for an end to sequester. Sequester is having devastating impacts to research, innovation, security & jobs. We need a balanced approach, not the slash of reckless cuts.  Congress must act with a fierce urgency of now to agree on a budget, pass appropriations & move America forward.
I am deeply disappointed and disturbed by today’s conviction of Alexei Navalny.  As the Kremlin itself made clear, the charges against him were politically motivated, and this ruling makes the world wonder whether Russia is more committed to attacks on political dissidence than it is to the rule of law. Unfortunately, this is only the latest in a string of high profile cases pursued against those who challenge the ruling authorities. Navalny should be released immediately and allowed to continue his campaign for Mayor of Moscow.
Electric Boat makes the world’s best submarines, but foreign counterfeit parts put them at risk. My letter to Secretary Hagel on #BuyAmerican http://1.usa.gov/16Lw9eS
Claire drew from her many years as a prosecutor as she continued her push today to ensure #survivors of military sexual assault get the justice they deserve.
Hope to see you there!
 
 Be sure to RSVP for the event, here: http://buzzfeedbrews.splashthat.com/
Tune in now to watch live as Senator John Hoeven and I speak about the importance of the coal. Watch it here: http://1.usa.gov/1div1CY
ICYMI: Earlier I went to the Senate floor to explain why I voted against Gina McCarthy to be the next Administrator of the EPA.    Watch it here: http://bit.ly/17ory4H
I voted against Gina McCarthy to be the next Administrator of the EPA, but my fight is not with her. My fight is with President Obama and the EPA, the regulatory agency that has consistently placed unreasonable regulations and unobtainable standards on energy production, rather than focus on efforts to develop a domestic all-of-the-above energy strategy for the future.  With that being said, the Senate has passed her nomination by a vote of 59-40, so I am committed to working with her to make sure we invest in domestic energy policies that will secure American jobs and continue to grow our economy.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16MjmZJ
As co-chairman of No Labels, Senator Manchin attended and spoke at the organization's 'Make Government Work' event in Washington, D.C.  No Labels is a group dedicated to promoting bipartisanship and problem solving to end gridlock in Washington.
I am not going to beat around this. The devastation caused by wildfires raging in Nevada and other western states has been made worse due to climate change. The winters are shorter, the summers are hotter, moisture patterns have changed. Talk about climate change as if it really exists; don’t beat around the bush.
This Saturday, July 20th from 9am to 2pm, my Las Vegas office is hosting a Home Foreclosure Prevention Clinic with Bank of America, Nationstar, Wells Fargo, One West, Chase, and Ocwen.  Attendees will have an opportunity to sit down with representatives from their lender and a HUD approved housing counselor to discuss work-out options that may be available for them in order to avoid foreclosure.  RSVP is required for this limited-space event. For more information or to RSVP, please see below, email HomeEvent_Reid@reid.senate.gov, or call my Las Vegas office at (702) 388-5020.
The Senate has passed a good immigration bill that offers a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. House immigration reform efforts must also include a pathway to citizenship. DREAMers tell me they will not leave their families behind.
Bipartisan momentum continued today for Shaheen-supported legislation to fight military sexual abuse with the announcement of support from Martha Rainville, the first woman in the history of the National Guard to serve as a state Adjutant General.   "This substantive and visible change will support a safer environment for all of our military men and women... [and] will contribute to a stronger and more effective force,” Rainville said.
WATCH Senator Schatz and Chamber of Commerce of Hawaii President-Elect Sherry Menor-McNamara discuss meeting with Majority Leader Reid and other members of Senate leadership to discuss job creation, tourism, development in the clean energy sector, and economic recovery.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgQivnDyQhM
LIKE and SHARE the video below to join me in fighting terrible diseases like pancreatic cancer that take too many of our family and friends too soon.
Did you know New Mexico’s small businesses are almost 96 percent of our state’s employers? Their success is key to improving our economy, and that's why I've introduced two measures to help create more jobs in New Mexico. One would increase contracting opportunities for small businesses, especially those that are women- or veteran-owned, and the other would help reform the tax code by simplifying the filing process for small business owners. These bills are the result of conversations I've had with small business owners from across New Mexico about ways the federal government can streamline contracting and reduce unnecessary red tape to help them create jobs. I'm proud to be introducing these bills today that will help small business leaders grow our economy with good-paying jobs. Click here to read more about my efforts:
I'm glad to say that the Senate just confirmed Gina McCarthy as the next Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). As EPA begins the work of implementing President Obama’s plan to reduce carbon pollution, I know her expertise and commitment to public health will be a great asset, and I congratulate her on being confirmed.  Throughout her years working for both Republicans and Democrats, Gina McCarthy has always put the health of our people and our environment first.  During her time as an Assistant Administrator at EPA, she crafted several key health standards, including the first-ever mercury standard for power plants which is expected to prevent up to 11,000 premature deaths, 130,000 asthma attacks, and provide as much as $240 million in health benefits each year.
Yesterday I met with 12-year-old Frances Gardner of Newport News, pictured here with her little brother Bradley. Frances and Bradley's dad is 51 years old and he suffers from early onset Alzheimer’s. Their grandmother and uncle have also suffered from the disease. My mother died after suffering from Alzheimer’s for more than 10 years, so I understand how hard it must be for Frances and Bradley to lose their dad in front of their eyes.
 
 Frances wrote me a beautiful letter about her family and asked for my support for Alzheimer’s research.  She said that she worries about Bradley getting the disease.
 
 “I sometimes think what would happen if he gets the same thing as my Dad and Uncle and Grandmother. I don’t want him to get this disease. I want him to always be my little brother (even if he gets taller than me) and I don’t want to lose him because a cure hasn’t been found,” she said.
 
 As co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease I’m proud to tell Frances today that I am signing on to the HOPE for Alzheimer's Act. The Act will improve diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and increase access to information on care and support for newly diagnosed individuals and their families - providing essential support for those facing this devastating, debilitating disease.
 
 Hopefully with better support and research, we can help prevent people like Frances and me from losing their parents to Alzheimer’s once and for all.
Best wishes to Nelson Mandela on his 95th birthday and prayers for a continued recovery. #MandelaDay
