As part of our celebration of black history month in 2012, I paid tribute to Bill Gray’s life of service.
I am deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former Congressman Bill Gray. Bill continued his father’s ministry by serving as Pastor of the Bright Hope Baptist Church. As a member of Congress, he was a tireless advocate for  the people of Philadelphia and a trailblazer for a new generation of African American elected officials. Bill Gray was the first African American to serve as Chairman of the Budget Committee and Majority Whip. His leadership in Congress against apartheid in South Africa is felt today in a country where a free people live in a thriving democracy. After his career in Congress, he played a major role in advancing diversity in higher education at the United Negro College Fund where he helped countless young people achieve the dream of an education.  As part of our celebration of black history month in 2012, I paid tribute to his life of service. My thoughts and prayers are with Congressman Gray’s family.
Continuing his state tour, Senator Donnelly visited Murdock Elementary School in Lafayette where he received a tour of the school and discussed their challenges with the current definition of full time employee and how his legislation would help.
Checking out one of the many great basketball gyms across the state. –Joe
This morning, Joe began his fifth state tour, visiting four communities to discuss his efforts to clarify the “full-time employee” definition under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. On this trip, Joe will talk about with Hoosier employers and their part-time employees who face challenges under the current definition. In June, Senator Donnelly joined Senator Susan Collins (R-Maine) in introducing legislation to make the definition work better for American business owners and workers.  Read more about the Donnelly-Collins legislation and follow Joe’s page for the latest  updates on his trip.
Had to stop at Bless My Bloomers! on the side of the road in #Grafton, #NorthDakota.
At the Grafton, #NorthDakota VA #healthcare facility. They do great work here for area #veterans.
In #DevilsLake, we are discussing how to make life better for #veterans, particularly young vets. Need to do better job educating public on #PTSD.
Busy day in #DevilsLake. Just met with airport officials. Many folks taking advantage of the convenient flight to Minneapolis.
Manassas office open house, Taste of Manassas
Discussion with administrators, students, and financial aid officers at J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College in Richmond on Senator Kaine's efforts to stop the student loan rate hike & dinner at Mount Vernon to celebrate the legacy of George Washington.
Senator Kaine joined Herndon Mayor Lisa Merkel, town officials and local business owners for a tour of Herndon small businesses.
With state & local leaders, LGBT leaders & allies for a victory party for end of #DOMA at Tisane. #equality
NA
Glad to join the residents and local officials in Hinton this morning for a town hall meeting.
Today in Las Vegas, I spoke to a large crowd about the importance of finally delivering on the promise of comprehensive immigration reform. Joining me was Congressman Luis V. Gutierrez, a long-time champion of immigrant rights. It was a great event that featured a wonderful Mariachi band.   I told the crowd that immigrants have come here because they want to work, and they want to contribute to society. The Senate immigration bill may not be perfect but it's damn good. It will strengthen our economy, reduce the debt, and bolster our national security. And it keeps families together while delivering a pathway to citizenship.
Picture Main Street project will make a walkable Williamsville  http://www.buffalonews.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20130702/CITYANDREGION/130709875/1010
Great to hold events with Brand USA today in Portsmouth and Weirs Beach to discuss the vital importance of travel and tourism to the New Hampshire economy. Tourism is the second largest industry in the state and supports thousands of jobs across the state. Learn more about Brand USA at www.thebrandusa.com and feel free to send in photos and videos of all the great attractions that make the Granite State so special!
NA
While I’m working with my Democratic colleagues to make college more affordable and freeze student loan rates until we reach a compromise, Republicans are trying to profit off of students. SHARE if you are still paying your student loans and oppose the Republican plan.
Sharla and I are thinking of the families of the 19 firefighters who lost their lives in Arizona.  Firefighters like Montana's Dustin Deford don't set out to be heroes, but that's what they are. Wildland firefighters take tremendous risks to protect our families and our communities, and we should never take their courage or their sacrifices for granted.
Santa Fe Fire Department’s Atalaya Hand Crew is a strong, courageous unit that has been battling the Tres Lagunas and Jaroso fires here at home. They also fought the Thompson Ridge fire alongside members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots, who lost 19 of their own this weekend in a fire outside Yarnell, Arizona. New Mexicans are so grateful for their assistance and our hearts and prayers go out to the loved ones of those who were lost. As we remember the sacrifice of the 19 who gave their lives this week, we'll be doing everything we can to support all the firefighters battling dangerous fires in our state and around the nation.
Discussing agriculture, housing and rural development issues with local officials and residents.
Meeting with Union County leaders to discuss veterans' issues, rural health care and water and wastewater systems.
We must defend Social Security benefits by rejecting the “chained CPI” proposal, which would result in a benefit cut for seniors. I was proud to join the RI Alliance for Retired Americans’ National Day of Action today to make this point. I applaud their work to make the voices of RI seniors heard, and I pledge to continue to fight any attempts to cut our seniors' benefits.
When we ask our citizens to move overseas and support our armed forces we owe them a debt of gratitude, and must ensure they are treated fairly.
