Tammy has fought for tax fairness and the Buffett Rule. It's a common-sense approach that will ensure that everyone pays their fair share. And now, the Senate Democrats have included the Buffett Rule in their plan to avoid the harmful, arbitrary cuts of sequestration.
As a newly-appointed member of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, Tammy is listening to Wisconsin seniors, and those who care for them. In Stevens Point, Tammy visited the Aging & Disability Resource Center of Portage County,  “Being able to visit places like this and meet people helps me to understand the issues that I should be focused on."
Today’s announcement is encouraging news that gives us further momentum to fix our broken immigration system. We will continue to work on an agreement for lesser-skilled workers in the Senate that supports our economy, protects workers, and will help prevent future illegal immigration.
Tune in LIVE now to watch Joe Biden, Chris Murphy (politician), Elizabeth Esty, Secretary Arne Duncan, Dan Malloy and myself as we discuss reducing gun violence in America.
 
 http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/live-video
Today I spoke to the Wilmington Rotary about the national budget and how I'm trying to get better results for less money in everything we do.
Although I'm a bit biased as a Navy man, I do approve of young Pfc. Chesty XIV as the new canine representative of our Marine Corps. Bravo Zulu!
More than 200 middle and high school students and their parents came out for Academy Night, held at Delaware Technical Community College's Terry Campus in Dover.
The 135th Annual White House Easter Egg Roll is on Monday, April 1st. As in past years, the White House will conduct an online lottery to choose the lucky winners of tickets. The 2013 lottery opens today and the deadline for entries is Monday, February 25 at 10:00 AM. Signing up for the lottery is free of charge and tickets for winners are free of charge.
Senator Casey visits with employees and takes a tour of the Mack Trucks plant in Macungie, PA.
Speaking with student leaders about my bill to help prevent bullying and harassment in schools.
http://epgn.com/view/full_story/21778254/article-Casey-to-reintroduce-anti-bullying-bill
Some more good news to share with Hoosiers. This week, First Internet Bank announced the expansion of its operations in Fishers. With its $4.3 million investment, a new location and close to 48 jobs will be added to the community. Like this post, and let’s continue to spread good economic news to everyone across the state.
I want to wish Bobby Ellis the best of luck as he enters retirement following his work with the Evansville Courier & Press. After 53 years of service to Evansville, Bobby’s strong work ethic and service to the community is truly inspiring and one that will be missed to his customers, friends and coworkers. – Joe
Will chat with Terry Dullum on WDAZ TV live at 5 p.m. Tune in!
It was my pleasure to present Gold Medal winner Tommy Mikkelson with an American flag that flew over the U.S. Capitol.
Had an important VAWA meeting today in Grand Forks. Heard about the need to get this reauthorization signed into law.
Looking forward to discussing the Violence Against Women Act in Grand Forks today.
Learning about some of the innovative research going on at North Dakota State University
Met with wounded warriors and their families to discuss continuing care for veterans at the Globe and Laurel in Stafford (great pot roast!)
Met with members of the Virginia National Guard 116th Infantry Brigade Combat Team and toured their facilities in Staunton. The 116th has an extraordinary history dating back to before the French and Indian War.
I ended the day with a tour of the training facilities at the Marine Corps Base Quantico. As a member of the Armed Services Committee and the Subcommittee on Personnel, I know delayed trainings and missions harm our security and our service members. Congress must do better and I am committed to working with all members to reach a compromise and protect our defense community.
Last night, I had the pleasure of addressing a joint session of the Nevada State Legislature. The last time I spoke to the Legislature, Nevada was still in the midst of a Great Recession.  Now, as we emerge from those difficult times, it is crucial that we renew our investments in the future – in education, public safety and clean energy. Read my full remarks:
NA
Addressing the Montana Rural Water Systems Conference today.  My message: Investing in clean water builds strong communities that grow, create jobs, and turn challenges into opportunities.
The CAMPUS Safety Act creates a one-stop shop for quality research that will allow us to share best practices from around the country. In the aftermath of the Sandy Hook massacre and sporadic violence at campuses across the country, we should be able to take commonsense steps to make sure we are providing the safest possible campus environment for our students.
“With this economy, which is so poised to take off, the single biggest thing holding back job growth and economic growth is the failure of our political system… There are some in Washington that say, ‘well, it just has to get a little bit worse before it gets better.’  That makes no sense to me.  For the 20 years I spent in business, if someone would’ve said ‘we’ve got to make our product a little bit crummier before we’re willing to actually change’… I’d fire [them.]”  -Sen. Warner on Marketplace  (staff)
