Today is #SpiritDay to take a stand against bullying and support #LGBT youth. Kids in Colorado and across the country deserve safe schools to learn without fear.
Today, I joined Gabby Giffords for a roundtable discussion on protecting women from gun violence. We met with members of Newtown Action Alliance and the Connecticut Coalition Against Gun Violence. We spoke with constituents, with survivors, and with men and women dedicated to combatting domestic gun violence.   Discussions like these, and the actions we take are critical to our state: in Connecticut, 41.3% of homicides involving an intimate partner were committed with a gun. I will always fight for stronger legal safeguards & the resources law enforcement needs to protect abuse victims from gun violence.
Glad to be joined by @VP Biden at the Port of Philadelphia to continue the push for the Delaware Deepening Project.
NA
Share this #GoodNews: Two Indiana workforce development groups, EmployIndy and the West Central Indiana Region 4 Workforce Investment Board, have been awarded nearly $16 million through the Department of Labor’s Ready to Work Partnership grant program. The funds are intended to help long-term unemployed Hoosiers get the training they need to fill the jobs that are currently available.
Eight in ten LGBT youth report being bullied. No one should be bullied because of who they are. Proud to join LGBT youth on Spirit Day and Go Purple to take a stand against bullying.
Glad to deliver remarks at the International Symposium for Personal and Commercial Spaceflight today. New Mexico is well positioned to contribute to America's overall space strategy and propel the industry forward. Our state is home to the assets, capabilities, and talent necessary to lead the industry and support the most ambitious commercial ventures.
I visited the Mountain View Market in Las Cruces today to talk about the importance of raising the federal minimum wage to $10.10 for all workers. Raising the minimum wage is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the wellbeing of New Mexico children. #RaiseTheWage
Honored to speak at the National Wilderness Conference last tonight and welcome advocates from across the country to New Mexico as we not only mark the past 50 years of the Wilderness Act, but also look toward the future of protecting America's most treasured natural landscapes for generations to come. The local economy will benefit from the nearly 1,000 guests who will be attending the conference this week. With New Mexico's rich history of conservation, I can't think of a better place to celebrate this incredible milestone.
For 30 years, the Kedish House has provide a refuge for victims of domestic violence in Ellendale and surrounding counties. Combatting domestic violence is an issue I've been working on since I served as North Dakota's Attorney General in the 1990s and implemented the first Violence Against Women Act at the state level. In the Senate, I've been pushing for funding and provisions to extend protections for victims, specifically Native American women. Talking with the folks on the ground and who answer the calls for help, like those at Kedish House, is critical to making sure we address emerging challenges that are seen on the frontlines. Today was also an opportunity to thank the Kedish House for its important work to help make sure all women feel safe.
Today I brought together local business development and community leaders to discuss the essential role of rural communities in North Dakota’s economic success and ways to support new investment and growth in small towns across the state. Energy development in the Bakken has created unprecedented growth but we have to make sure this development’s success flows across the entire state. Rural communities like Ellendale are an important part of that effort, and by supporting hardworking North Dakotans and small businesses in these areas, we can continue to sustainably grow our state for future generations. http://1.usa.gov/1nr1get
Had the best burger for lunch that was made by Kent and Jocelynn at Coach’s in Edgeley.
Today I met with community leaders in Edgeley to discuss my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative, as well as emerging challenges and opportunities for rural communities in southeastern North Dakota. Every community in North Dakota, whether right in the heart of oil country or small, rural communities has indirectly or directly felt the impact of the recent economic and population growth. As our state grows, the safety of every North Dakotan must be the top priority. Talking with folks who are on the ground and working to find solutions in rural communities, like I did in Edgeley, is exactly the kind of dialogue needed to make sure we are working to keep our state strong and safe.
Today I was proud to join fellow breast cancer survivors at a Beer for Boobs event, where I shared my personal experiences with breast cancer to help raise awareness. During last year’s government shutdown, I donated part of my salary to this organization to help support critical breast cancer research and awareness. Breast cancer was a very personal struggle but it was because of the strong support of my family, friends, and organizations like Beer for Boobs that I was able to beat this disease, and I hope this great work can continue for all those affected in the fight against breast cancer.
Kudos to Marylanders Annette March-Grier of Roberta’s House & Arthur Bloom of MusiCorps selected as CNN's Top 10 Heroes of 2014.   Roberta's House provides healing for children and families coping with loss of a loved one and I’m proud to support their mission.   MusiCorps in Bethesda helps wounded warriors recover and rebuild their lives through music therapy.   Vote today!
So happy for the American League Champs - the KC royals! Proud of not just 8 straight postseason wins, but how they won. On to the #WorldSeries! #KCRoyals #TakeTheCrown
There is nothing more important to me than traveling across our great state and hearing West Virginians' ideas and concerns. Thank you to all of the wonderful residents in Hampshire County and Hardy County for participating in our events yesterday at the Eastern West Virginia Community and Technical College and at the Romney Senior Center. I'm looking forward to continuing my trip today in the Eastern Panhandle.
After helping to provide $24.9 million in federal funding to build the Virginia Payload Tube Facility in Newport, I was pleased to help cut the ribbon at the new facility this week.  Naval Station Newport, the Naval Undersea Warfare Center, and the Naval War College help make Rhode Island one of the premier places for undersea research and development, testing, engineering, and fleet support for submarines.   I am proud to have supported this project, and the many others that illustrate why the hard work of the Rhode Island defense industry is critical to national security and our economy.
ICYMI, New York Daily News covered my Brooklyn bike rides past & present. #TBT to that ride in 2007 with Senator Tom Harkin , Senator Bernie Sanders & others
NA
As Tropical Storm Ana approaches, it may bring strong winds, heavy rains, and high surf.  It is critical to be prepared.  Please take some time to review this guide to learn how to create an emergency plan and stay safe.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/ana
That one time I had a goatee on the Senate floor... #tbt
Yesterday, I hosted U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx for a tour of the Paseo/I-25 Interchange Project.  This reconstruction project is critical for the area, and I have been pushing to ensure safe access for pedestrians and cyclists, as well as the need for dialogue between local residents and local and federal DOT planners.  The project is on schedule and expected to be completed by the end of the year.  At the construction site, and at a roundtable later with the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, I discussed with Secretary Foxx the need for robust infrastructure funding and long-term transportation planning for the region to support the economy.  As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I will continue to fight for the region's infrastructure needs and push the Department of Transportation to invest in New Mexico.
