Did you see the President's State of the Union address? He laid out a clear plan for the path we must take to move this nation forward. See what Tammy had to say.
I really enjoyed this talk on immigration and manufacturing with Senator John McCain and The Atlantic. Watch to the end (20:49) to find out how my youngest daughter played a part in what John McCain jokes is "the worst story of my entire life." I've genuinely enjoyed working with Senator McCain on finding bipartisan solutions to fix our broken immigration system.
I look forward to meeting the 26 cyclists as they depart Sandy Hook for Washington, DC on March 12. These inspiring athletes bring with them an important message, and one that I have heard from parents, educators, first responders and mental health professionals day after day since the horrific tragedy in Sandy Hook. Sandy Hook deserves action to reduce gun violence. A comprehensive effort to reduce gun violence must include common sense measures to keep guns and ammunition out of the wrong hands, assist our law enforcement officials in enforcing the laws already on the books, reform our broken mental health system and ensure our kids are safe in and out of school.  I thank the Sandy Hook Ride on Washington participants and organizers for keeping the momentum going on this vitally important issue.
Happy Valentine's Day to all! Share the Sandy Hook Promise with your loved ones to join #1millionhearts for Newtown
Cardin To Chair East Asia And Pacific Affairs Subcommittee, Lead U.S. Helsinki Commission  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senator Foreign Relations Committee, has been named the Chairman of the East Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee. He takes over this position from retired Senator Jim Webb.  In addition, at the start of the 113th Congress, Senator Cardin was appointed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to resume leadership of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki Commission). Rotating between the House and Senate each Congress, Senator Cardin previously held the post of Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission during the 111th Congress.  “It is a privilege and an honor to chair both the East Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee and the U.S. Helsinki Commission, which focus on very different parts of the world but share a common mission of encouraging economic cooperation with global partners, protecting human rights and fighting corruption.    “Together with the entire Senate Foreign Relations Committee, we will continue to engage the East Asia and Pacific region to promote our security and global geopolitical stability. We face serious challenges such as maritime sovereignty issues, nuclear testing, and regimes taking their first tentative steps toward inclusive governance. We should explore every opportunity for a peaceful, fair resolution of regional conflicts. Economic issues such as increasing trade and growing entrepreneurship also deserve our attention.  “We must work together with our partners in Asia to foster region-wide mutual understanding and constructive dialogue on good governance, transparency and human rights issues including empowering women; protecting children; and ensuring civil liberties. We must foster cooperation across borders through continued scientific collaboration on how to protect our oceans and forests and keep our water and air clean. We should encourage educational exchanges that will bring our countries closer together.  “As the author of the recently passed Sergei Magnitsky Accountability Act and the Cardin-Lugar transparency initiative for oil, gas and mining industries, I expect the U.S. Helsinki Commission to continue to focus a bright spotlight on Russia and other countries that abuse human rights across the OSCE region. Fighting corruption and human rights abuses can have a direct, positive effect on economic and national security for the U.S. and countries around the world. My goal is to return the Commission to its roots of looking at all 57 countries that have signed the Helsinki final act and how those countries are implementing its requirements.”     The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, also known as the U.S. Helsinki Commission, is an independent agency of the Federal Government charged with monitoring compliance with the Helsinki Accords and advancing comprehensive security through promotion of human rights, democracy, and economic, environmental and military cooperation in 56 countries. The Commission consists of nine members from the U.S. Senate, nine from the House of Representatives, and one member each from the Departments of State, Defense, and Commerce.
Great effort by Congressman John Carney to help show the love to our troops on Valentine's Day. We're so grateful for all who served and continue to serve.
Today, Congressman John Carney, U.S. Senator Chris Coons & I re-introduced our bill to create a National Park in Delaware -- the only state in the country without one. Check out this helpful page on my website explaining the scope of our park.
I was happy to sit down today to meet with Treasury Secretary nominee Jack Lew.  I took the opportunity to address a range of issues of importance to Pennsylvania and the nation.  I talked to him about the need to get tough on currency manipulation to level the playing field for American manufacturers, the importance of fair trade policy to help create U.S. jobs and the need for responsible tax reform to spur innovation.  Jack is a dedicated and experienced public servant.  Our country faces a host of challenges and I am confident the Jack Lew is the right man for the job.  I will strongly support his confirmation.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) hosted members of the Illinois Congressional Delegation and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel at the first bipartisan Illinois Congressional Delegation Luncheon of the 113th Congress.
[WASHINGTON, DC] U.S. Senator Dick Durbin spoke on the floor of the United States Senate before an important procedural vote on Secretary of Defense nominee Senator Chuck Hagel.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke  at a news conference with a bipartisan group of Senators and Representatives to announce the introduction of a bill that resolves the differences between bills introduced in the Senate and the House of Representatives last Congress that would allow local brick-and-mortar retailers to compete more effectively against out-of-state internet sellers.
Hoosier native Anngie Steinbarger testified for Joe’s first @Senate Agriculture Committee hearing this morning and spoke about her family’s experiences during last year’s drought. Because of crop insurance, Anngie and her family were able to manage their farm through the worst drought Hoosier farmers have seen in recent memory. As senator, Joe will continue to advocate for Hoosier farmers, like Anngie, for common sense laws that will provide robust support for our producers when they need it, but are also fiscally responsible.
This Valentine’s Day, I’m sending love and support to Newtown. Join me and the #1MillionHearts and send a valentine to the Sandy Hook community:
I met with One Million Moms for Gun Control this morning. Thank you for all the hard work (and for my valentines)! Keep it up.
Had great discussion with Lt. Gen. Kowalski. Agreed that Minot Air Force Base servicemembers are some of the best in our military!
Just named chair of Senate Ag subcommittee. Great spot to advocate for North Dakota energy, housing, econ development.
I was honored to have Adrienne join me in Washington this week, she is a hero in so many ways. I have the privilege every day to represent North Dakota servicemembers and their families, and I look forward to working tirelessly on their behalf.
First Senate Ag hearing this morning. I will fight for North Dakota's interests on the committee.
Reading valentines from Connecticut moms in support of common sense reform delivered by 1 Million Moms for Gun Control
Honored to chair the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe. I'll focus on improving export policies for CT manufacturers 1.usa.gov/XPraXR
Please join the #1MillionHearts for Newtown. Share a valentine to show your love and support for the community:
Merely weeks after the Senate came together in a good-faith effort to fix the Senate’s problems, Senate Republicans are now engaging in the first-ever filibuster of a Secretary of Defense nominee. It is deeply disappointing that even when President Obama nominates a former conservative colleague of the GOP caucus, the minority is abusing the rules and the spirit of ‘advise and consent.’  If our step we took last month is to be successful, extraordinary stunts like today’s filibuster can’t happen
Happy Valentine's Day to the love of my life, Gayle. I will love you forever.
Joined with a bipartisan group of 53 Senators and Representatives in introducing the Marketplace Fairness Act in an effort to help local Main Street businesses compete more effectively against out-of-state internet sellers and retailers. http://1.usa.gov/12lT7fy
Continuing to push for an up or down vote on Consumer Financial Protection Bureau nominee Richard Cordray with Senators Tim Johnson, Sherrod Brown, and Elizabeth Warren. We need a strong CFPB to help families and strengthen our financial marketplace.  I will fight efforts to weaken the law and roll back consumer protections.  All consumers deserve fair and honest treatment in their daily financial transactions.
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor today to honor the life of New Hampshire Chief Warrant Officer Charlie Morgan, who passed away earlier this week after a battle with breast cancer. Morgan, a leading advocate for LGBT rights in the military, leaves behind her wife, Karen, and five-year old daughter, Casey Elena. Her family will not be eligible for survivor benefits because of the Defense of Marriage Act.
Senator Shaheen wants to wish you a happy Valentine’s Day! To make today a little sweeter, Shaheen is introducing a bipartisan bill to reform the U.S. sugar program, which has cost thousands of jobs and consumers billions. 
 
 Spread the love: click "like" and "share" to wish Senator Shaheen a happy Valentine’s Day and join her fight to end sugar’s sweet deal.
Congratulations to Billings West High School's Josh Cohen on being accepted to the U.S. Naval Academy.  He is a hard worker and a committed teammate, and I know he will make all of Montana proud.
The Buffett Rule is back. There's no reason multi-million-dollar earners should pay a lower tax rate than a Rhode Island truck driver. I'm glad to say that it's part of the Senate Democrat's sequester-replacement package.  Click the LIKE button if you agree.
With a renewed focus on comprehensive immigration reform, it is imperative that we take commonsense steps to help Virginia and America compete and win in the global competition for talented innovators and entrepreneurs. Our bipartisan legislation also proposes reasonable steps to reform our tax and regulatory policies to help promote investment and job creation.
Are banks too big for trial? Watch my first banking committee hearing to find out.
Today is my first banking committee hearing. Because I'm new around here, I won't speak until the later half of the hearing - but I hope you'll watch live at http://banking.senate.gov.
