Yesterday in Rockville, Maryland  Chris Van Hollen, Jamie Raskin Councilmember Nancy Navarro joined me to show our strong support for preserving and advancing voting rights in the face of recent roadblocks across the Country. While there I stood with Mayor Vincent C. Gray against the injustice of denying proper Congressional representation to nearly a half million #DC voters. #taxationwithoutrepresentation
Congratulations to The Charter School of Wilmington, Frear Elementary School, and Shields Elementary School for being named National Blue Ribbon Schools for 2013! These schools are doing a fantastic job of educating our young Delawareans by equipping them with the knowledge and tools they’ll need to be great leaders in the First State for years to come. http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=d301306e-eb3d-49bf-a3d5-0b468b95241a
Share this #GoodNews. These 12 Indiana schools have been named 2013 National Blue Ribbon Schools by U.S. Department of Education. http://www2.ed.gov/programs/nclbbrs/2013/national.pdf …
“This month is an opportunity for us to recognize and discuss suicide prevention.  I introduced this resolution because we need to be vigilant in ensuring that those at risk for suicide are receiving the help they need, and are comfortable asking for it.  We can work to combat suicide by educating ourselves on warning signs and risk factors and spreading the word about confidential and free resources available.” - Senator Joe Donnelly
Just as state and local governments are able to determine what programs best help their citizens - like scholarships, elder or child care, or housing assistance - we must recognize tribal governments also have those same rights. Senator Moran and I introduced a bill that ends the IRS' practice of taxing crucial programs and services that aim to support the health and safety of Native families. With this bill, we're supporting tribal self-determination and taking a step toward living up to our trust and treaty obligations to tribes. Find more details below.
The growth and change in North Dakota is unlike any other place in the country. It was great to hear from the North Dakota Chamber of Commerce today to discuss the changes in North Dakota and how we can best address our state's challenges. I am committed to fighting for what North Dakota needs to continue to be successful.
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, September 24, 2013) -- Sen. Patrick Leahy (D --Vt.) Tuesday took to the Senate Floor to decry recent actions by House Republicans to cut the nation's primary anti-hunger safety net program, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), and to orchestrate a manufactured crisis that threatens to shut down the federal government if they do not get their way.
Leahy Delivers Keynote Address On Foreign Surveillance Oversight At Georgetown University Law Center.  Right to left, Sen. Patrick Leahy, Ambassador William Miller, Sen. Gary Hart, Prof. Laura K. Donohue, Former Vice President Walter Mondale and Dr. Loch Johnson. http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-delivers-keynote-address-on-foreign-surveillance-oversight-at-georgetown-university-law-center
NA
I take no joy in watching this week's GOP death spiral. So sad that a fringe ideology commands so much power in DC.
NA
If you live near New Canaan or Ridgefield and need help with a federal agency, visit with my staff today during mobile office hours.  10am-12pm at New Canaan Public Library 1pm-3:30pm at Ridgefield Town Hall   Stop by if you can!
Had a great start to the day serving up some pancakes and catching up with folks in Orange for my Pancakes and Politics breakfast.
Met with law enforcement, victims' families and colleagues in Bridgeport today on urgent need for meaningful action to reduce gun violence.
Claire continues to lead the effort to reform this #government program rife with fraud, and now she's calling on the FCC to  refer multiple Lifeline service providers to Department of Justice prosecutors after reports of potentially criminal violations.
No, AIG. Criticism of Wall Street bonuses is not equivalent to lynchings. Offensive.
Are you or someone you know interested in applying for a service academy nomination? Give our Charleston office a call at 304-342-5855 or visit my website: http://1.usa.gov/1fhsoI9
Don't forget to stop by "Wednesday Wake-Up With Joe" tomorrow at 10 a.m.! For upcoming dates, directions and to RSVP, please visit my website:
 http://1.usa.gov/17n62OV
Hours of speeches won't change a thing. Obamacare will continue to be the law of the land. We must work together to find compromise and govern for the sake of the nation.
If our chicken is processed in China the USDA should simply label it & keep families in the know.
Today is National Voter Registration Day.  Millions of Americans vote, don’t let them speak for you.  Go to http://ow.ly/dOyp4 to register to vote and make sure your voice is heard.
A number of reasonable Republicans have gone on the record and rejected extremist Tea Party efforts to #shutdown the government over Obamacare.  Watch the video below and click LIKE and SHARE if you want to see this list grow.
As carbon pollution changes our oceans, the consequences for our states—for our fishermen, for our economies, for our way of life—are very very real; far more real than the misinformation spread by climate deniers. In my latest "Time to Wake Up" speech, I address the way carbon pollution hurts our fishing industry.  #ActOnClimate
ICYMI: Video from today's Google+ Hangout with Virginia21. Had a great time talking with students from all over the Commonwealth.
Senator Warner is starting his Google+ Hangout with Virginia21 in 10 minutes! You can watch live here http://www.virginia21.org/event/askwarner/ or ask a question by tweeting #askwarner  (staff)
Looking forward to my Google+ Hangout today with members of Virginia21! You can tweet a question to @virginia21 or use #AskWarner, and you can follow the Hangout at: http://www.virginia21.org/event/askwarner/
