Ben- Was very pleased to receive a 100% rating from the League of Conservation Voters.
Excerpt from Senator Cardin's op-ed on avoiding sequestration with thoughtful reductions instead of meat axe cuts. For more follow the link below-- "Sequestration is not just about numbers; it is about Americans, and if it happens, it will take a terrible human toll. I have met with federal employees from across Maryland, and there is great alarm at the thought of sequestration — not just because of a loss of wages, but because Americans depend on what our federal workers do."
Check out the Department of Health and Human Services’ Health Insurance Marketplace that can help you choose what insurance plan is right for you and your family.  http://1.usa.gov/VltlmB
I recently sat down with John Taylor and Content Delaware to discuss the U.S. economy. You can watch it here: http://www.contentdelaware.org/?page_id=42&FID=471
Helping to raise the flag against bullying with Cartoon Network.
I am proud to get a 100% rating from the League of Conservation Voters for my work to protect our environment.
From today's Farm Bill meeting with North Dakota ag leaders, Senator Hoeven, and Congressman Cramer.
Very helpful input at my Fargo VAWA discussion
Fun chat about leadership with women from Sundog this morning in Fargo
In Jamestown yesterday, we talked about domestic violence in rural communities and the strain on law enforcement and advocacy groups to adequately respond.  This is a common theme across our state and we must work together on all levels to find solutions.  The first step is to urge the House to pass VAWA.
Met with Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC) units at the University of Virginia. If these cadets are the future of our military then our future is bright.
I finished the day with a tour of the Salem VA Medical Center. The hospital’s commitment to reaching veterans in rural areas and providing job assistance to increase employment should be a model for veterans’ hospitals across the nation.
I was honored to introduce Secretary of State John Kerry at UVA before his first major foreign policy speech.
Come out to Senator Menendez’s 3rd Annual Black History Month Celebration this Sunday at the Shiloh Baptish Church in Trenton. Doors open at 2:30. Click here for more event details: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/nj/events/blackhistorymonth
On Wednesday, February 20, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) visited the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to discus the devastating impact of sequester to community health, innovation and jobs.
Claire, a former Jackson County Prosecutor, traveled across the state to call on the U.S. House to end its nine-month delay and pass the critical legislation
Thoughts and prayers go out to all impacted by tonight's devastating fire in Kansas City.
In case you missed it: Joined Representative Mike Rogers (R-MI) and Candy Crowley on CNN’s State of the Union this past weekend. Watch the discussion: http://youtu.be/qmc9BkNMY5Y
Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Senator Kelly Ayotte have been appointed to serve as Chairman and Ranking Member, respectively, of the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support.  As the senior Democrat and Republican on the subcommittee, Senators Shaheen and Ayotte will be in a strong position to advocate for military facilities and programs that are important to New Hampshire and the nation -- including the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard base.
NA
Today's Washington Post editorial page endorses our FAST Act voting reforms. More info on FAST Act here: http://1.usa.gov/135ewcV
Chip Woodrum loved politics and public service, and demonstrated how to gracefully balance those two things during nearly 25 years of service in the Virginia General Assembly. Chip could be formidable in debate, and he was always quick with a quip. But above all, he was a friend to everyone he met. I mourn his passing today. It is a loss not just for the Roanoke Valley, but for the Commonwealth of Virginia. My thoughts are with Emily and the family.
NA
There's a new study from the economists at Wells Fargo Securities that show Virginia will be hurt more than almost any other state from the sweeping automatic federal budget cuts scheduled to take effect in two weeks.    “It is frustrating that more people in Washington do not have a sense of urgency about heading-off these sequester cuts. There’s a smart way and a stupid way to cut spending, and these across the board sequester cuts represent the absolute dumbest way to be conducting the nation’s business. I will continue to work with my colleagues in urging the White House and congressional leaders to at least provide enough flexibility for agencies to make more rational budget decisions.”   Press Releases - Newsroom - Mark R. Warner www.warner.senate.gov WASHINGTON – U.S. Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-VA) today highlighted a new economic analysis revealing that Virginia would be hurt more than almost any other state from the sweeping automatic federal budget cuts scheduled to take effect in
