In 2012, there were 6.8 million Americans over age 50 – including 641,000 Californians – still paying back student loans. College should be a path to opportunity, not a life sentence of debt. It’s time to give a #fairshot to the 2.3 million Californians who have student loans.
LA Times: Passing the International Violence Against Women Act “should not be controversial” 
Nothing like seeing our very own UConn Huskies honored at the White House! Congrats, all! #BleedBlue
In just two days we’ll vote on the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, and Republicans will have to make a choice: help our students by letting them refinance their loans at a lower rate, or continue to let this debt crush our young people and threaten our economy.   Share this.
Dover High School students are in for a treat with their new school opening this Fall. I had a chance to tour it this morning before heading to work in Washington with representatives from EDiS Construction, ABHA Architects and Superintendent Dr. Michael Thomas.
Unfortunately, the release of the VA audit today again confirms that veterans across Pennsylvania have endured unacceptably long wait times to get care. Indications that some staff were directed to alter wait times are particularly troubling. I will continue to push for both answers and accountability. I will also continue to work to pass legislation that will help to correct these problems, including comprehensive veterans legislation and a measure to increase the number of primary care doctors.
Senator Donnelly commemorated the 70th anniversary of D-Day in Normandy, France as part of a bipartisan congressional delegation.
The increase in measles and whooping cough cases shows just how important vaccinations are. 
In case you missed it, yesterday I discussed the release of Sgt. Bergdahl on CBS’s Face The Nation. Watch here:
This past Friday, I discussed the release of Sgt. Bergdahl on Bloomberg's Political Capital with Al Hunt. Watch here:
Approximately 1.2 million Californians older than 40 are paying off student loans. Far too many. The numbers are staggering.
The internal audit of the VA revealed that far too many New Mexicans have waited far too long for care.  VA doctors, nurses, physical therapists, and others play a critical role in providing the best care to our veterans, but our nation must provide them with the resources and staff they need to meet the needs of our veterans. Our challenge moving forward is to ensure we have a process in place to ensure that all veterans can see a doctor in a timely manner.  We cannot further allow our veterans to wait unreasonable and dangerous wait times to see a doctor.
After spending time in Indian Country, including in North Dakota, Attorney General Holder today put forth real solutions to remove barriers Native Americans face when voting. I’m pushing for action in the Senate and I also look forward to helping the Administration implement its proposal.  We should all be able to agree that our voting system should make it simpler, not more difficult, for Americans to choose their elected officials. 
Enjoyed talking with ambitious young leaders at North Dakota Girls State today about the importance of getting involved in public service.
Today I introduced the Autism Collaboration, Accountability, Research, Education & Support Act (Autism CARES) to ensure federal autism programs created under the Combating Autism Act continue for five years & addressed the needs of youth & adults.  Click here to read more about this: http://1.usa.gov/1s1bUtT  And tell your lawmakers you support Autism programs!
Massive student loan debt prevents too many students from taking advantage of life-changing opportunities. Everyone should have a fair shot at college without the burden of high student loan debt. I'm looking forward to working on college affordability legislation on the floor of the Senate this week because our students can't wait any longer for relief.
America cannot afford to ration access to higher education. #BankOnStudents
ICYMI: In a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, I have called on the Department of Justice to immediately investigate evidence of criminal wrongdoing at Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical facilities.   To read more, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a0dee8a2-eed3-4273-abf2-07a230716111
Happy to join Community College of Rhode Island (CCRI) today to announce a $2.5 million federal grant to create new pathways and opportunities in advanced manufacturing.  CCRI's Accelerated Pathways in Advanced Manufacturing program emphasizes a “learn and earn” model that provides opportunities for adult learners to acquire new knowledge and skills that are linked with jobs in high-growth industries.
We all have a lot of sadness following the horrible violence that took place in Las Vegas yesterday. No words can undo the tragedy which claimed the lives of their loved ones. May their families know that Nevada and America grieve with them.   Our brave law enforcement officials put their lives on the line to ensure no other Nevadans were injured.  We here in Congress have a duty to put into place legislation that helps prevent deranged individuals from carrying out such savage acts of violence. We need universal background checks so that the deranged can’t buy a gun.
My wife Landra and I love Searchlight, the place of my birth, and the memories we have had there, but the time came to sell and do something different. We want to be closer to our 16 grandchildren who live in Southern Nevada, and be able to spend time with them. This is why we will now purchase a residence in the Las Vegas area. Searchlight will always remain my home, my favorite spot in the world where I can look at the quiet desert for miles at end. 
I am terribly saddened by today's events in North Las Vegas. Metro Police protect residents and the millions of visitors to the region each day. There is no place for this type of violence. 
Mo hasn’t given up on the New York Rangers and neither should you! Ready for a comeback tonight - Go Rangers! 
Broke ground this morning in Niagara Falls; we're full steam ahead for new Int'l rail station that pulls tourists to the heart of the Falls!
The Senate will vote this week on student loan refinancing legislation. Use our calculator to see how much you could save on your undergraduate loans under the U.S. Senate Democrats #fairshot proposal: 
Senator Shaheen today is renewing her call for immediate action to address the Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) crisis after a new report detailed systemic problems at VA facilities across the country including long wait times and mismanagement issues.   “The systemic problems at the VA are very troubling and require immediate action,” said Shaheen. “Our veterans deserve timely and accessible care and while the VA is taking steps forward, such as canceling bonuses like I have called for, the VA still has a long way to go. I will continue to work across the aisle to address the management crisis at the VA and implement necessary reforms, including mandating regular audits, in order to deliver on the promise we’ve made to our veterans.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hBfkip  
Representing Montana at the 70th Anniversary of D-Day was such an honor. Here are a few photos that Sharla and I snapped. One of the most memorable moments was finding a headstone of a Montana soldier who died in battle. I'll never forget this trip.
What's happened at the Department of Veterans Affairs is a betrayal of our veterans – men and women who fought for our freedom. Today the VA released a nationwide audit that found unacceptable wait times for New Mexico veterans and identified New Mexico as one state that needed a follow-up investigation.   These findings mirror complaints I have heard from veterans, family members and VA whistleblowers, and the audit again confirms that the VA has not been open and honest with the public or with me about systemic problems with patient wait times. As a result, I've joined a bipartisan group of senators in calling on the Department of Justice to take a leadership role in investigating possible criminal wrongdoing.   I'll continue to light a fire under the VA from the top on down to make sure we keep the solemn promise we made to our veterans to provide them with the best care possible. Click here for more information:
We need to protect our children, both by keeping them out of trouble and giving them a shot at achieving their potential.  That’s why I held a Senate hearing in Pawtucket today – to hear from the U.S. Department of Justice, the Rhode Island Family Court, and Rhode Island KIDS COUNT on how to improve our juvenile justice system. Thanks to all who participated.
Senator John Thune and I have introduced bipartisan legislation to allow employers to assist their employees in managing and paying down their student debts. Additionally, it provides a unique new tool to help Virginia companies attract and keep talented employees. This is a win-win. 
Sen. Mark Warner announced last week that he had sought and received confirmation that the Northern Virginia Technology Council, a 1,000-member trade group, would help the VA straighten out its wretched patient-appointment system. The same group helped Arlington National Cemetery revamp records after a scandal over unmarked or mislabeled graves.  (staff)
