Cardin, Hoyer Host Healthcare Providers On Progress Of Affordable Care Act And Upcoming Exchanges   Waldorf, MD – Days after rates were announced for Maryland’s health exchange, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin and Congressman Steny Hoyer (both D-MD) hosted healthcare providers and health partners from Calvert, Charles and St. Mary’s Counties for a discussion about healthcare reform and the upcoming Maryland Health Exchanges. Health care exchanges that begin in January 2014 are a centerpiece of the Affordable Care Act. Participants in the roundtable will be on the front lines of navigating the Maryland exchange in the individual market and will be dealing mainly with the uninsured.   “I am proud that Maryland has been on the leading edge of implementing the benefits and consumer-protections of the Affordable Care Act. As we move closer to the initial enrollment period, we are learning that rates in Maryland are among the lowest in the nation and that Marylanders will have a wider choice of plans available to them. We want to ensure that providers, hospitals and health partners are ready. Our community health centers especially, will grow in their role providing quality healthcare to Marylanders,” said Senator Cardin. “We have very limited information about the plans that will offer pediatric dental coverage. Today, I am requesting additional information from state officials regarding the benefit levels and cost-sharing for these plans, and I will continue to seek improvements at the national level. I would like to see improvements in the plans offered and benefits for pediatric dental care.”  “Maryland has been leading the nation when it comes to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, and I was pleased to join Southern Maryland health care providers today to hear from them about how their efforts are progressing,” stated Congressman Hoyer.  “Our state exchange, the Maryland Health Connection, will be ready for open enrollment this October, and choice and competition in our marketplace will be strong.  I look forward to continuing to work with our providers, the Maryland Congressional delegation and other stakeholders as implementation, outreach and enrollment move forward.”   The Maryland Health Connection is expected to enroll 180,000 of our state’s approximately 800,000 uninsured residents through private insurance and 100,000 more through Medicaid within the first year of enrollment, which begins October 1st. An estimated three out of four Marylanders purchasing coverage through the Maryland Health Connection will be eligible for tax credits to reduce the cost of coverage, bringing $7.5 billion in premium and cost sharing tax credits into Maryland during the first five years of the health insurance Exchange.   All health insurance coverage through the Maryland Health Connection and health exchanges across the country include comprehensive care, including outpatient and inpatient care, mental health and substance abuse treatment, laboratory testing and radiology, and prescription drug coverage; emphasis on preventive services, available free of charge; a cap on out-of-pocket expenses; and no lifetime or yearly dollar limits on coverage. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, no one can be rejected due to pre-existing conditions.  The Affordable Care Act is working to lower costs, increase efficiency, and deliver better patient outcomes around the nation. We are already seeing benefits and savings from this legislation: Health care spending grew by 3.9% in 2011, continuing for the third consecutive year the slowest growth rate in 50 years; health-care costs grew slower than the rest of the economy in 2011 for the first time in more than a decade; the proportion of requests for double-digit premium increases plummeted from 75% in 2010 to 14% so far in 2013; Medicaid spending per beneficiary decreased by 1.9% from 2011 to 2012; Medicare spending per beneficiary grew by only 0.4% in fiscal year 2012. The Affordable Care Act is driving down cost growth while strengthening and expanding coverage.
Here in Waldorf with Steny Hoyer talking to Southern #MD #healthcare providers about #ACA / #Obamacare. Letting them know about the coming benefits of the exchanges and answering questions.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 8.5 million Americans are set to receive an average $100 rebate check from their insurance company because of caps on non-medical care spending.  If your insurance company spends more than 20% of your premium dollars on administrative costs and salaries, you get a rebate.  This makes insurance companies more accountable to you, the consumer, cuts costs and strengthens our healthcare system. Please join me in sharing this good news: http://at.wh.gov/n4vEN.
Another Delaware State Fair is over. I met a lot of great people, discussed energy with the Canadian Consul General John Prato, ate some delicious chicken at The Grange, and topped it all off with a chocolate milkshake at the DE Farm Bureau. Bring on next year!
Today we pause to remember the life of an extraordinary public servant, Governor William W. Scranton. Governor Scranton served his home area, our Commonwealth and our country with distinction and with honor. As a Congressman and as Governor, he prioritized education, economic development and job creation. When he left office after four years as Governor, Pennsylvania’s unemployment rate was one of the lowest ever. Long after he left public office, he continued to devote his considerable skills and energy to helping and promoting Northeastern Pennsylvania and serving the nation in significant appointments that focused on difficult domestic and international issues, including service as UN Ambassador. On behalf of my wife Terese, my mother and the entire Casey family, I extend condolences to Mrs. Scranton, Lieutenant Governor Scranton, Susan, Peter and Joseph.
Donnelly Announces Job Seeker Workshops in Gary, Sellersburg, and Indianapolis.
Congratulations to South Bend native Ryan Newman for winning the Brickyard 400 and setting a #NASCAR  record for the fastest race time in Brickyard history. He is the third #Hoosier to win this race, and we congratulate him on his accomplishment. #GoodNews
Share this good news with your friends. Kyler Hansen of Hobart was named a national winner of the 11th annual Digital Arts Festival competition. Kyler won a trip to San Diego where he got to tour a wild animal park, tour Sony production studios and headquarters, go on a cruise and see the movie studios in Los Angeles.
VIDEO: Yesterday I was on CNN State of the Union to discuss developments in Egypt, NSA and the Federal Reserve.
The U.S. has no facility to consolidate spent nuclear fuel, leaving fuel rods stored at commercial nuclear facilities around the country, including states like California that are at risk of earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters.
I’m lucky to have these smart California students interning in my DC office this summer.
I have already received many great questions for Thursday’s Twitter Town Hall. I hope to hear from you, so please submit your questions too. Simply log on to Twitter, tweet a question you have about education, followed by your hometown and #AskHeidiH. Then join my first Twitter town hall on Thursday at 10:45am CT.
I'm so proud of the men and women of the FBI who worked alongside State and local police and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to rescue more than 100 children and arrest 150 pimps who were exploiting them.  I commend all the agents who broke up these despicable child prostitution rings. This major operation is an example of the good that can be accomplished when the Federal government works with State and locals to keep our children safe.
Proud to see Connecticut's own James Comey confirmed as our next FBI Director. I don't see eye to eye with him on everything, but he's the right person for the job
Hosting a Google Hangout tonight at 6:30. Leave your questions here as a comment, or email info_murphy@murphy.senate.gov to ask them live on the Hangout. Livestream link for tonight is below - hope you can tune in! https://plus.google.com/b/108483156976116798423/events/cmu3p8ehg0t3oohioh56vuuntjc
NA
Proud to help honor the Stratham Police Department for their courage under fire and dedication to protecting their community.
Happy birthday today to Walpole's own Ken Burns! Here's to hoping that Ken's wonderful story telling continues for decades more to come.
Senator Shaheen was joined by a coalition of business leaders and advocates this morning at Toyota Grappone in Bow to support her bipartisan energy efficiency legislation. The bill could come to the Senate floor for consideration as early as this week.  (June 29. Bow, NH)
With #Flossie approaching, being prepared is critical. See this guide my office created, and have an emergency plan.
Our children deserve safe, structurally sound, and environmentally-friendly learning environments where they can thrive. I was proud to welcome U.S. Department of Education Green Ribbon Schools officials to Rhode Island today to tour schools that have been recognized for providing our students with modernized, green school facilities. We must improve school infrastructure for students across the state, and these schools are leading the way.
NA
"Warner said the topic of immigration has been a tough one to tackle, but and added reform is long overdue.   'I could move to China and live out the rest of my life there and never become Chinese…America is the only place where people can come and be first-generation citizens,' said Warner." (staff)
Celebrating the launch of Kiva Richmond today in #RVA
Great to see my friend DeAngelo Hall in Richmond today! Go Hokies! #HTTR
