With winter coming, we are in a race against time to rebuild our roads, bridges, and homes damaged by the floods. But ideology and bluster have moved us to the brink of a government shutdown, which as we recover from the floods, is the last thing Colorado needs now. I call on my fellow Senators and the House of Representatives to quickly pass a clean continuing resolution to keep the recovery efforts going uninterrupted.
Very proud of this.   CARDIN, MIKULSKI ANNOUNCE FEDERAL FUNDING TO PROVIDE CRITICAL SERVICES TO DEVELOPMENTALLY DISABLED IN ALLEGANY COUNTY CUMBERLAND, MD – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski (both D-Md.) today announced that Friends Aware Incorporated has received a grant in the amount of $185,000 from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) for the expansion of facilities and capabilities. Friends Aware provides vocational training, employment services and day habitation to individuals with developmental disabilities in Allegany County.   “I am proud that this grant will empower Marylanders with developmental disabilities to live up to their full potential,” said Senator Cardin. “By providing tools, skills and opportunities, Friends Aware, in conjunction with Appalachian Regional Commission, are strengthening families and communities in Western Maryland.”   “Friends Aware in Allegany County helps Marylanders with mental and intellectual challenges to have a way to a better life,” Senator Mikulski said. “This grant will help people move into the workplace and find success there. The result is good for individuals receiving these services, good for employers and good for Maryland’s economy.”   The grant will expand and upgrade the 22,000 square foot facility on Holland Street in Cumberland. Currently Friends Aware provides day habitation to 140 individuals. The expansion will enable more community partnerships and create greater opportunity for skills training and employment. Friends Aware works with the Maryland Department of Education Division of Rehabilitation to provide career counseling, medical rehabilitation, and job placement to those who qualify. This grant will enable Friends Aware to create 15 new direct care staffing jobs by 2015.   In addition to the $185,000 in ARC funding, local sources will provide an additional $185,000 bringing the total amount to $370,000. Each year ARC provides funding for several hundred projects in the Appalachian Region, in areas such as business development, education and job training, telecommunications, infrastructure, community development, housing, and transportation.
“Americans are counting on Congress to do its job and pass a fiscally responsible budget. We cannot continue to govern from crisis to crisis ,as we have been forced to do recently, without putting out economy at risk. I urge the majority in the House to come to their senses and quickly pass the continuing resolution just approved by the Senate. A continuing resolution is not good policy because you cannot adjust spending levels, but it is a better alternative than shutting down the government and putting families, seniors and communities across the country at risk. Once we can move beyond this current deadline, we should be sitting down as adults, as national leaders, and negotiating a budget that funds national priorities and essential services through all of FY14.   “We started this Congress with the House passing a budget and the Senate passing a budget. They were very different budgets. Democrats want to get rid of sequestration; Republicans don’t. Democrats want to ensure more Americans have access to affordable, quality health care through Obamacare; Republicans don’t. Democrats want to actually reconcile our two budgets into one; Republicans don’t. In the House, there is a minority in the majority caucus that wants to see government fail and wants to see gridlock rule the day. These Republicans want to hold the economy hostage so they can try to defund Obamacare. Obamacare will not be defunded. We are not turning back the clock. We are not putting our seniors, our families, our children and small businesses at risk. These extremists were elected to actually govern. They need to do just that. We all need to move on to the current business of paying our bills and boosting the economy rather than playing games with the full faith and credit of the United States of America.”
Some members of Congress appear determined to shut down the government to further a narrow ideological goal. This isn’t a game and could have serious consequences for Pennsylvanians. Why should one of our state’s veterans wait to receive a disability check so a politician in Washington can play political games? This new fact sheet highlights the serious consequences of a shutdown. Allowing the government to shutdown is unnecessary and wholly irresponsible. #NoShutdown
Senator Coons on the Senate floor urging colleagues to focus on jobs, not manufactured crises
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
Senator Donnelly's Suicide Prevention Awareness Resolution Passes Senate.
A government shutdown makes no sense. It could cost the economy billions and punishes people who rely on government services. It will delay military pay and hurt military families across California.
Sportsmen say their number one concern is the lack of access to our public lands across the West. The HUNT Act will open up these areas to hunting and fishing and grow our thriving outdoor recreation economy in the process. Hunting and fishing are a way of life for millions of Americans. As an avid hunter, I remain deeply committed to preserving our outdoor heritage for my children, and for future generations.
See my interview with USA Today about the Keystone pipeline, Farm Bill, and much more.
Just voted to continue funding the government. A needless government shutdown would hurt our servicemembers, military families & federal employees. We must stop crisis-budgeting.
I’m thrilled the New Jersey State Superior Court decided to legalize same-sex marriage today!
 
 This decision in the Garden State brings us closer to fulfilling our nation’s promise of equality. Check out my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/1fO6JoF
UN report confirms planet warming at highest level in last decade & that man-made pollution is main cause.    http://www.cnn.com/2013/09/27/world/climate-change-5-things/?hpt=hp_t1
Wishing Missourian and National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA Astronaut Mike Hopkins the best of luck as he and the rest of his crew dock on the International Space Station until next March. Mike, a native of Richland, is the first member of the 2009 NASA astronaut class to fly into space. Leave your well wishes for this accomplished Missourian in the comments section below.  Read more about Mike and his outstanding career: http://www.jsc.nasa.gov/Bios/htmlbios/hopkins-ms.html
The United States Senate acted in a strong bipartisan way today to avert a government shutdown. If Speaker Boehner wants to avoid a shutdown, he should pass our resolution. There are only a couple of days left until a shutdown occurs.  A shutdown would be very negative for our economy. The American people deserve better than a government that lurches from crisis to crisis caused by a handful of extremists. American families deserve a government that works for them, not against them.
The senior Senator from Arizona -- John McCain -- said it best. The debate over Obamacare is over; in the last election, the Republicans lost. Let's move on.
Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor today to call on Congress to pass a Continuing Resolution (CR) to maintain government funding and avert a manufactured government shutdown.  Click here to watch her remarks: http://bit.ly/1604YkD
Senator Shaheen is leading a bipartisan group of Senators to extend a special immigrant visa program for Iraqis who risked their lives to serve as interpreters for the U.S. military during the Iraq War. She introduced a bipartisan bill on Wednesday to give a one-year extension to this important program that is set to expire on September 30.   Please like and share to support the important special immigrant visa program!
U.S. Senator Brian Schatz joined his Senate colleagues in voting to get us closer to a deal that will keep the government from shutting down.  “A government shutdown would harm the people of Hawai‘i, and it is irresponsible for unbending and intransigent Tea Party Republicans to continue to hold our economy hostage so that they can get their way,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz. “Enough is enough. While the Continuing Resolution is not perfect, it will keep the government from shutting down. We must now work to pass a budget that removes damaging sequestration cuts and represents the priorities of working families.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345825
Taking to the Senate floor to tell my colleagues to stop their political grandstanding, start responsibly governing and keep the government open – what our constituents need, and what they elected us to do.  WATCH and SHARE my speech if you agree.
Today I wrote the Federal Trade Commission asking it to investigate a scam targeting New Mexicans, including restaurant owners and small businesses. So far, over 130 people have reported getting calls from scammers claiming to be from PNM and demanding immediate payment or threatening to cut off a customer's electricity. PNM is warning its customers every way it can, but I've urged the FTC to take aggressive action to protect our consumers as well.  I've worked to crack down on telemarketing scams since I was New Mexico's Attorney General, and I’m going to continue working to ensure consumers in New Mexico and across the country are protected against consumer fraud. Please visit the following site and share it with other PNM customers to help spread the word.
Today I voted with the majority of the Senate to prevent a shutdown of the federal government. It's now up to the House to determine whether to hold the government hostage over a political fight that was settled in the last election. Shutting down the government is serious business, and it would hurt New Mexico especially hard.  Congress can't keep governing like this. Funding the government in short-term bursts is doing real damage our national security, our economy and our families. Watch my comments and share if you agree – it's time for Congress to stop playing partisan games and start working together for all Americans.
Today, the Senate took the responsible step of passing legislation to fund the government. It’s time for Speaker Boehner and his House Republicans to drop their extremist demands – demands that were just the subject of the Presidential election which they lost – and join the Senate to do what’s right. As Rhode Island continues recovering from the recession, we can’t afford to play games with government services that our people count on.
We’ve wasted a week on political shenanigans while every minute we wait brings us closer to a government shutdown, which will hurt the economy and unfairly punish Virginia workers and families. We cannot allow ideological issues to stop us from funding the basic operations of the government, and we should be working to get the nation’s fiscal house in order.
