The President’s budget includes good news for Connecticut’s defense manufacturers, large and small, and for our men and women in uniform. I have pushed for these one-of-a-kind Combat Rescue Helicopters every step of the way, and I will continue to fight for these priorities as the budget process continues. http://bit.ly/1cI3dsh
Today, I stopped by the Delmarva Blood Bank and donated blood.  It only takes a little while and it feels  good to make an impact for all the Delawareans in need.
Friday I had the privilege of meeting and address the newest class of recruits to Delaware's municipal police. They'll be protecting us all across the First State from Bethany Beach to Dover to Harrington. I congratulated them on a big accomplishment and thanked them for their service.
I had a great time today talking to these students at John Bassett Moore School about the importance of reading during their Read Across America event.
A friendly reminder to any First Staters hoping to find work: The Delaware delegation is hosting a job fair in Wilmington from 10-2 tomorrow with more than 50 employers lined up to meet you or anyone unemployed you know.
The lottery for The White House Easter Egg Roll opens this morning at 10:00 AM. Find out more about this great event at the link below.
Please share! Our biggest job fair ever is today in Wilmington from 10 to 2 at the Chase Center. More than 75 employers will be on hand!
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Chrysler will soon begin production at its transmission plant in Tipton, where it’s set to hire approximately 875 employees over the next 2 years.
Tonight I met with U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to discuss the agency’s ongoing response to the incident at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in Carlsbad. I appreciate that Secretary Moniz understands the gravity of the situation and is devoting personal attention to this. I conveyed the need for the Department of Energy to be more forthcoming with information and responsive to questions that have arisen from the community about the radiation leak at WIPP. My top priority throughout this process has been to ensure the health and safety of the community and WIPP personnel. Therefore, it's encouraging that it has been confirmed that it's very unlikely that exposures would represent public health concerns. I remain deeply committed to working with Secretary Moniz and all of the agencies involved as we continue to find answers and seek pragmatic solutions that benefit New Mexico now and in the future.
After the December train derailment near Casselton, I called on BNSF to take action and improve North Dakota’s rail transportation. This week they committed to make specific investments to do just that. 
The way the U.S. Postal Service operates right now, specifically in North Dakota, is unacceptable. Since launching Fix My Mail in January, I’ve heard shocking stories from folks from Grand Forks to Dickinson about problems they have faced with their mail delivery and standards. Today I sent these stories to the Postal Service and the Government Accountability Office so they can hear the concerns in rural American firsthand, address these issues and get back on the right track. If you have mail stories to share, go to: http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=fixmymail 
NA
Was wonderful to host a Senate Foreign Relations Committee meeting with His Holiness the Dalai Lama yesterday.   He’s an inspiration to me and so many others around the world.
Further perspective on yesterday's debate and votes on reforms to combat military sexual assault. 
Great read by Forbes contributor Chris Prandoni on the impact the EPA's latest regs would have on our electrical grid and our economy. It's critical that we protect the environment AND Americans' access to reliable and affordable electricity. We need to stike a proper balance.
On Monday, April 21st, 2014, President Obama and his family will host the 136th annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House.  This year’s theme is “Hop into Healthy, Swing into Shape,” and more than 30,000 people are expected to participate. In addition to Easter egg rolling, the event will feature live music, sports, cooking stations and storytelling. The day’s activities will also encourage children to lead healthy, active lives in support of the First Lady’s Let’s Move! initiative.   Tickets for the White House Easter Egg Roll are provided free of charge and will be distributed via an online lottery hosted on www.recreation.gov  The lottery opened this morning and will close on Monday, March 10 at 10:00 am.  I encourage interested Rhode Island families who are planning a visit to our nation’s capital on April 21 to enter the lottery for a chance to take part in this annual tradition. 
Our economy continues to improve with last month marking 48 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. While this is welcome news, unfortunately far too many continue to look for a job, especially in my home state. To help Americans looking for work, we should provide the lifeline of unemployment insurance to those who have lost their job through no fault of their own. We are one Republican vote away.
I introduced a bipartisan Senate resolution commemorating the 106th International Women's Day, which will take place tomorrow, March 8, and recognizes the important achievements women have made around the world and reiterates an ongoing commitment to supporting and inspiring women and girls everywhere.
Hosting my 14th Small Business Opportunity Workshop today in Helena to help Montana's small businesses tap into our state's manufacturing potential, create jobs and strengthen our economy.
It's time to pick a winner for our #ShowcaseNM photo contest. During the past several weeks New Mexicans from all four corners have been uploading their best pictures to showcase our beautiful state in winter. Vote now by "liking" your favorite photo in the album below, then share it with others. The total number of your "likes" will determine the winning photos, which will be showcased throughout my website and social media channels for others to see. Good luck and thanks to all who participated!
I'm very glad the president's budget proposal includes a plan based on legislation I cosponsored to reform federal wildfire policy by funding major wildfires the same as other natural disasters. The change will also free up funding for fire prevention. Wildfires in New Mexico can be devastating, causing tragic loss of life and millions of dollars in damages each year. And after years of drought, they pose a greater threat each season. These changes could save billions in taxpayer dollars and help break the cycle of increasingly dangerous and costly fires.   I'll continue working to make sure we are doing everything we can to focus our resources on wildfire suppression and prevention. Learn more at: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1574
Today I met with Department of Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to discuss the agency’s ongoing response to the incident at WIPP in Carlsbad. Senator Heinrich and U.S. Rep. Pearce joined me to reiterate how critical it is for the DOE to be as open and responsive to the Carlsbad community, where residents understandably are concerned about health and safety in the wake of the accident. We also pressed Moniz for details about DOE’s plan to re-enter the facility and for assurances that workers, their families and the community will not be disrupted while the facility is closed.    As the investigation continues into the accident at WIPP, it’s absolutely critical for DOE to be as open and transparent as possible with WIPP personnel and the Carlsbad community, and I'll continue pressing for more answers about the agency's response plan.
Keystone isn't any normal pipeline.  It would pump tar sands oil, one of the dirtiest fuels on Earth, which could accelerate climate change, put our health at risk for generations, and tarnish our international reputation. Join me and the Daily Kos community in telling Secretary Kerry and President Obama to reject the Keystone XL pipeline. http://www.dailykos.com/story/2014/03/07/1282854/-Keystone-Isn-t-Any-Normal-Pipeline
