ICYMI: Tammy and colleague Brian Schatz sent a letter to POTUS calling for him to submit an Authorization for the Use of Military Force on ISIL for Congressional consideration. This action will allow Congress to properly evaluate the President’s strategy for America’s military operations against ISIL, as well as foster American public debate about this critical issue.
Mark Udall is an extraordinary public servant, and I'm proud to have worked with him on a number of issues, from preserving Colorado’s pristine landscapes to fighting against climate change and promoting renewable energy resources. I’m grateful for his service to our state and our country, and hope we can all live up to the example he set.
The stark, staggering fact is that the nation has no reliable data on how many Americans die during arrests or police custody each year. The Death in Custody Reporting Act will fix that unacceptable factual gap. I’m proud that this cleared the Senate yesterday, and is headed to the President’s desk.   This legislation will give information needed to strengthen trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve. Share this: http://j.mp/1x63uUd
On my wrist since that day on December 14th, I’ve worn a bracelet. The writing has faded, but it said, “love wins.” I truly believe that love won in Newtown. I believe that love won when Connecticut’s legislature passed a strong and effective measure—an important next step. I believe that love won through the grace and courage and strength of the families of those children and the loved ones of the teachers who lost their lives.  I believe love wins every day in our classrooms around the nation when teachers work hard—and they work HARD—and resolve to keep their children safe.  Love wins every day when someone stands up and speaks out against gun violence. http://j.mp/1wifMGq
Glad to see the post office on 3349 W. 111th St in Chicago will be named after Fire Captain Herbert Johnson for his bravery and heroism
A new report from the Department of Defense shows that 224 servicemembers took their own lives in the first six months of this year.   “It’s incredibly concerning how many servicemembers we are losing to suicide. Any servicemember lost is one too many. There are commonsense steps we can take to address the scourge of military suicide, and I hope that one step we take yet this week is passing the Jacob Sexton Act.” -Joe
I'd like to thank the National Guard Association of the United States, the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, the National Military Family Association, the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, the American Association of Suicidology, the National Alliance on Mental Illness, and the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States for joining us yesterday to announce anticipated passage of the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act this week. -Joe
I discussed the Senate Intelligence Committee's report on the CIA’s detention and interrogation program on msnbc's The Rundown with Jose Diaz Balart. Here's the clip:
Today I stopped by the Capitol Police Holiday get-together to thank them for their hard work to protect all of us from potential danger every day. As a former Attorney General, who ran a law enforcement agency, I know the sacrifices of police officers, the fears of the families, and I know that every day – any average, ordinary day – can turn into a catastrophe. Yet these brave men and women devote themselves to the job anyway. Words cannot truly express how grateful I am for the work and commitment of the U.S. Capitol Police and all law enforcement officers.
This holiday season, my staff and I are helping spread holiday cheer by donating Christmas gifts to foster children on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. Hope they enjoy the gifts, and hope you all join me and my staff in giving back this holiday season.
Today, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted to advance an Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) against ISIL that includes key limitations I advocated on ground troops and duration. After more than four months of U.S. military action against ISIL, I'm proud that we finally did our job in committee and put our thumbprint on this mission. By standing up and saying this mission is worth it, we send an important message to the servicemembers we've already asked to risk their lives. Now it's time for the full Senate to vote on this authorization. We should not be adjourning for the year until that vote happens.
Every family has their own rituals to protect kids from monsters under the bed - I know mine does. But when it comes to protecting our children from gun violence, it's clear that we must do more. Watch this powerful new video from Sandy Hook Promise and share if you agree it's time to #ProtectOurKids
Send your questions my way. I'll start by answering a few that were asked in advance.
In dozens of states across the country, LGBT Americans lack the basic nondiscrimination protections that so many of us take for granted. As Lyndon B. Johnson said, it is time now to write the next chapter – and to write it in the books of law.
My friend Astrid is a DREAMer who has fought to raise the voices of millions of immigrant families like her own. Please take a few minutes to listen to her story.
Thanks to the many New Yorkers who have called, emailed, written, met with me and my staff, and done your part to support Dr. Vivek Murthy’s nomination to be the Surgeon General of the United States. We hope to vote on his confirmation soon & see Dr. Murthy begin his important work. Let’s vote; we can’t wait any longer. #TopDocNow
"Mahalo to Congressman-elect Mark Takai and all the Hawaii legislators who came to talk story with me today!" - BES
The government is using new surveillance devices – called ‘dirtboxes’ – to collect phone records of law-abiding Americans. Law enforcement agencies should be able to use the best tools available to catch criminals, but Americans shouldn’t have to sacrifice their privacy or their Constitutional rights in the process. http://1.usa.gov/1weHbdx
The Constitution requires Congress to authorize war, and today the Senate Foreign Relations Committee did its job and passed an AUMF for the conflict against ISIS. Because I'm very concerned about an open-ended campaign against ISIS, I offered two amendments with Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) to limit the scope of the AUMF to just one year and ensure the use of force doesn't extend beyond Iraq and Syria without congressional approval. I'm disappointed my amendments weren't successful, but I'm pleased the committee honored its responsibility with today's vote. The next step should be a debate by the full Congress, and we should stay in session as long as it takes to do our constitutional duty to debate and pass an AUMF. Watch the debate here:
