“A healthy water infrastructure system is as important to America’s economy as paved roads and sturdy bridges”   Laurel, MD – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, Chairman of the #Senate Water and Wildlife Subcommittee, visited with the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission Tuesday for a briefing by WSSC CEO and General Manager Jerry N. Johnson at the Patuxent Water Filtration Plant and to discuss federal options for improving our nation’s aging water infrastructure. The region has seen a growing number of water main breaks. As recently as July, a water main serving 100,000 people in Prince George’s County began to fail.  Mandatory water restrictions were instituted, limiting access to water for homes and businesses during an intense heat wave that saw the heat index repeatedly reach the triple digits.    "#Americans deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that the water coming out of their faucet is clean and safe. Keeping this a reality is becoming increasingly more difficulty as the water infrastructure we rely on outlives its 50-year expected lifespan. Several cities have water systems over 100 years old, so it is no surprise that industry experts say that since January 2000, water main breaks have cost this nation over $42 billion dollars in repair costs," said Senator Cardin. "Our aging water infrastructure system represents a clear and present danger to public #health, as well as our #economic #security and therefore our national security. The federal government cannot meet this need alone, but we must take a proactive approach, making strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems."   Wastewater treatment plants prevent billions of tons of pollutants each year from reaching America’s rivers, lakes, and coastlines. In so doing, they help prevent water-borne #disease and make our waters safe for fishing and swimming. Similarly, some 54,000 community drinking water systems provide drinking water to more than 250 million Americans, keeping water supplies free of contaminants that cause disease.  The ongoing degradation of these systems puts human #health directly at risk. “We very much appreciate Senator Cardin's hard work to keep renewal of our aging underground pipes and other assets in the national conversation about rebuilding America’s infrastructure. As we say, we are out of sight and out of mind,” said Johnson. "We face many of the same issues other utilities around the country face; aging water and sewer systems, regulatory mandates to ensure water quality and protect the environment; and ever-changing technology that improves every aspect of what we do. But all of this costs more and that affects our customers."   It’s estimated that by 2020, the forecasted deficit for sustaining water delivery and wastewater treatment infrastructure, will trigger a $206 billion increase in costs for businesses.  In a worst case scenario, a lack of water infrastructure investment will cause the United States to lose nearly 700,000 jobs by 2020. The #EPA has estimated that more than $630 billion will be needed over the next 20 years to meet the nation's water and wastewater infrastructure needs.   The immediate and long-term dividends of investing in water infrastructure are significant. Research shows that water infrastructure investment has one of the highest job creation potentials when compared across other broad categories of public infrastructure investment. The U.S. Conference of Mayors notes that each public dollar invested in water infrastructure increases private long-term #GDP output by more than $6.  The National Association of Utility Contractors estimates that one billion dollars of water infrastructure investment can create over 26,000 jobs. The     Department of Commerce has found that that same dollar yields close to $3 worth of economic output in other industries.  Every #job created in local water and sewer industries creates close to four jobs elsewhere in the national economy.   #Senator Cardin talked in detail about two federal bills that would help alleviate many of the problems facing #Maryland and the nation. the first, the Water Infrastructure Resiliency and Sustainability Act, which will be formally introduced in September, will help local communities with matching grants to help meet the challenges of upgrading water infrastructure systems to meet the hydrological changes we are seeing today.  Communities across the country will be able to compete for federal matching funds to help #finance water infrastructure projects. This type of grant funding meets a growing need in our communities, but it is meant to complement, not replace, the federal funding structure that is the longstanding foundation for water infrastructure support in this country: the Clean #Water State Revolving Fund and Drinking #Water State Revolving Fund (#SRFs), which are long overdue for reauthorization. These programs provide critical funding to communities for water #infrastructure maintenance and improvement, and they are operating in an atmosphere of uncertainty and decreasing resources due to the longstanding failure to reauthorize them.
"Americans deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that the water coming out of their faucet is clean and safe. Keeping this a reality is becoming increasingly more difficulty as the water infrastructure we rely on outlives its 50-year expected lifespan. Several cities have water systems over 100 years old, so it is no surprise that industry experts say that since January 2000, water main breaks have cost this nation over $42 billion dollars in repair costs," said Senator Cardin. "Our aging water infrastructure system represents a clear and present danger to public health, as well as our economic security and therefore our national security. The federal government cannot meet this need alone, but we must take a proactive approach, making strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems."  http://www.cardin.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/cardin-visits-wssc-in-push-to-make-water-infrastructure-upgrades-a-national-priority-
Was glad to be joined by Martin O'Malley for the ribbon cutting at the Halethorpe MARC Station. Investments in transportation infrastructure keep our environment healthy, our workforce on the move, and our economy growing.
In Sellersburg tomorrow, Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting a Job Seekers Workshop.   To register to attend the program, email Donnelly_Events@donnelly.senate.gov.   Wednesday, August 14 8:30 AM – 12:00 PM EDT Ogle Hall; Horseshoe Foundation Assembly Center Ivy Tech Southern Indiana campus 8204 Highway 311 Sellersburg, Indiana
The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates Indiana’s corn harvest is on track to being the 2nd largest on record. #GoodNews
Op-ed in Roll Call: Health Care for the 40-Hour Workweek.
TOMORROW: Workshop in Sellersburg focuses on job seekers. Email Donnelly_Events@donnelly.senate.gov to register.
PHOTO CONTEST: Send me your best original North Dakota photos. I need your help picking a new cover photo for my Facebook page. Please send your favorite high quality, original photo of North Dakota to press@heitkamp.senate.gov and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you. The photos will be posted as they come in and I’ll announce the winner in mid-September. Spread the word!
NA
In case you missed it, Claire took to Meet the Press last Sunday to talk about her work combating #military sexual assault and why it's critical to hold commanders accountable for addressing these crimes. 
U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell says, “Nevada is such a leader in so many ways and certainly at the epicenter of challenges around climate and water and also on the forefront in so many areas on renewable energy development.”
Today, I'm co-hosting the National Clean Energy Summit. Since we began the summit five years ago, it, Nevada’s renewable energy industry has blossomed. Watch our discussion live:
Great to travel the state and catch up with so many NYers. Please tag yourselves and check back as new photos are posted.
I was saddened to learn of the passing of former Keene Mayor Mike Blastos. I was lucky to have him as a friend. He was an incredibly dedicated public servant who cared deeply about Keene. My thoughts and prayers are with all of Mike’s family and friends. http://1.usa.gov/16fJzow
In case you missed it: Last Friday, Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Kelly Ayotte called on the International Paralympic Committee to allow record-setting Exeter swimmer Victoria Arlen to compete in the International Paralympic Games. “Victoria is an incredibly talented young woman. She deserves the opportunity to compete,” said Shaheen. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/17Lvgn8
Great to be on Maui and Molokai yesterday and today.  Looking forward to speaking at the Maui Native Hawaiian Chamber of Commerce event tonight.
Touring Simms Fishing Products in Bozeman — a business that showcases Montana's entrepreneurial spirit and our love for the outdoors.
Meeting with students and ENMU Ag Department officials to follow up on renewable algae-based feed research for cattle that could have economic benefits for New Mexico's rancher and dairy communities.
Cutting the ribbon to celebrate the opening of my Eastside office in Portales, serving Colfax, Curry, De Baca, Harding, Quay, Roosevelt and Union counties.
I hope you'll join me today for an open house at my new Eastside office in Portales. If you live in Roosevelt, Curry, Quay, De Baca, Harding, Union or Colfax Counties, the office is ready to serve you. You don't have to have to travel to Washington, D.C. for help - you can get it right here in Eastern New Mexico. Having an office located in Portales will help me keep a close ear to the ground on issues that are important to these communities, like agriculture, rural development and water issues - especially as we face this severe, historic drought. Most importantly, the new office will provide more local assistance to Eastside residents who are having issues with federal agencies. Click here for examples of the Udall Serving YoU services offered by the Eastside office, and join me in Portales to learn more!
The sign says it all: General Aviation equals New Mexico jobs. I was excited to join the General Aviation Manufacturers Association rally earlier today, and I am committed to ensuring Congress works with the aviation industry and entrepreneurs so they have the support they need to create jobs in New Mexico. The general aviation industry is growing rapidly in Albuquerque, and our state is well-positioned to be a hub for aviation innovation. And more aviation = more jobs and a better future for our state.
We have had five years to learn the lessons of the financial crisis and have the benefit of half a decade of hindsight. Economists, industry participants, many policy makers, and now the White House agree: now is the time for housing finance reform.
