It is critical for the Justice Department to complete its civil rights review of Michael Brown’s tragic death and its investigation of the Ferguson Police Department. It is imperative that we find out if there is a pattern and practice of civil rights violations in #Ferguson.
The only successful outcome is where Iran is no longer a nuclear threat, where #Iran has dismantled its nuclear infrastructure, limited its nuclear research and submitted to verifiable inspections without notice. This result is best achieved through diplomacy.  A year ago, #Congress gave the administration the benefit of the doubt and put even more severe sanctions on hold as negotiations pushed forward. To its credit, the administration has kept an international sanctions regime in place and slowed Iran’s breakout capacity.  I am concerned about yet another extension of the negotiations without a commitment by Iran to a satisfactory agreement. An indefinite status quo – limited sanctions relief with no sign of a final agreement – cannot be the end result.  Additional time may very well be used by Iran to harden their defenses and their resolve to become a nuclear weapon state.
"#Ferguson, Missouri, will forever be marked by the needless death of #MichaelBrown. Let’s turn this incident into the spark that launches a change in attitudes and actions rather than a point where violence begets more violence. I join with the Brown family in calling for peaceful protests in the aftermath of the grand jury’s decision.  State and local law enforcement must respect the First Amendment rights of citizens to peaceably assemble, and the rights of the press to report this story.  I call upon all Americans – even those who disagree with the grand jury decision – to respect the role of our jury system and the independence of the courts in deciding legal questions.  “I encourage the Justice Department to continue its civil rights investigation into this case and its broader probe of the Ferguson Police Department.  I urge Attorney General Holder to take immediate action to revise the Justice Department’s guidance so that once and for all racial profiling is prohibited at all levels of law enforcement.  For a more permanent fix, Congress should take up and pass my legislation, the End Racial Profiling Act.” #Fergusondecision
NA
NA
Joe’s office will be hosting its next Veterans History Project event on Thursday, December 4th in Danville at the Hendricks County Senior Services Senior Center from 1:30-3:30 PM. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in volunteering to interview a veteran are greatly appreciated. Download the event flier at the link below for more information.
Eight innovative programs in California are receiving Affordable Care Act grants. Great job!
Good news for Navajo Technical University. By increasing access to education programs and job training, especially telemedicine, we improve the quality of life and future economic prospects for our communities.
Grand Forks is on the forefront of this burgeoning Unmanned Aerial Systems technology, which is already growing jobs, communities and businesses across the country. But even though its Test Site has been up and running since April, the FAA needs to do more to make its Test Site program a success and provide the most basic and necessary standards this industry needs to take its first steps out of infancy. That’s why I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in pressing Federal Aviation Administration for answers on the progress the agency is making to improve the UAS Test Site program and developing rules for the commercial use of UAS. I’ll continue working with the FAA to get this innovative project moving, just like I’ve been doing since last year when I brought the head of the FAA to Grand Forks. The FAA must provide this industry with the proper direction to help it take flight.
On December 8 and 9 in Fargo, I will join NDSU’s Center for Agriculture Policy and Trade Studies and Senator Hoeven to host a conference focused on finding ways to improve the transportation system for agricultural products in the Northern Plains. Over the past year, many farmers and producers have experienced burdensome agriculture transportation challenges, which have prevented them from getting many of their crops to the market. This conference will bring together farmers, elevators, and agricultural processors with key federal, state and local leaders, including officials from the U.S. Surface Transportation Board, U.S. Department of Agriculture, BNSF Railway and Canadian Pacific railways to take a look at several issues and challenges North Dakota and other Northern Plains states have faced. Click here for more details: http://1.usa.gov/1vJAsK9 and click below to register.
Today, on the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, I joined a legislative push to target runaway and homeless youth as a key vulnerable group to protect against human trafficking. The number of homeless youth across the country is staggering – nearly 2 million nationwide – and that number is growing in North Dakota and surrounding states. These young people, who have nowhere else to turn, are the often the easiest and most susceptible targets for human traffickers. If we want to end the exploitation and slavery of our most vulnerable youth, we have to provide the necessary resources, shelter, and services for these young people so they realize someone out there does care about them and they do not have to give themselves to a life of being someone else’s property. For years, I’ve been fighting for better protections of our young people who need to be pulled out of this life, and working to stop the pipeline of human trafficking around the world – and I’ll keep working to tackle this issue from all sides. http://1.usa.gov/1vJXAHR
It was an honor to interview John Napolitano, a former United States Marine Corps Corporal, for the Veterans History Project. You can watch the full interview here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lv5MXRSgIU&list=UU27LgTZlUnBQoNEQFZdn9LA
I am thankful to State Senator John Watkins for his 34 years of service and willingness to work across the aisle for the benefit of the Commonwealth. He has been my State Senator for many years and has represented us very well.
National Network For Youth  In the forthcoming film “Lost In America” Senator Patrick Leahy tells why #RHYA matters. Pass Leahy-Collins Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, S. 2646, NOW!
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Michael Brown, the community of Ferguson and the entire nation during this difficult time.   I join the Brown family and President Obama in calling for nonviolence. I absolutely support people in their desire and right to gather peacefully. Peaceful protests have been pivotal in expanding civil rights and equal protection under the law in our nation.   It’s my hope that this national tragedy will inspire communities and law enforcement to end racial profiling and protect all citizens. It’s also an opportunity for Congress to set aside its party differences and put the people first by passing the End Racial Profiling Act. I also support the Justice Department’s civil rights investigation of the Ferguson Police Department and other Departments around the nation, including Baltimore’s.
“There will be many people who are disappointed in today’s decision, even though it is a result of a deliberate legal process that’s being independently checked by Attorney General Eric Holder and the U.S. Justice Department. While we await the conclusion of that independent investigation—and continue working together for solutions to systemic issues highlighted by this tragedy—I’m praying that the good people of St. Louis and local law enforcement will remain peaceful and respectful of one another.” -Claire
I’m incredibly proud of the Marshall University football team, Coach Doc Holliday, the staff and the athletic department, and the entire state of West Virginia should be, too. Throughout this season, the Thundering Herd has brought positive national exposure to our state and proudly showcased the true Marshall spirit.   The biggest reason for Marshall’s success, both on the athletic field and off, has been the tremendous level of support that the community has shown to the students of Marshall. In fact, from its founding in 1837 to the 1970 tragic plane crash to today, the one constant has been the loyal fans.   The Marshall story is perhaps one of the greatest tales of perseverance, courage and the incredible spirit of a community and a university determined to succeed and overcome. Today’s football program is further proof of this amazing spirit. Marshall has taken the national stage by storm this season, and that is great for our state. Now the Herd has an opportunity to host the Conference USA Championship game, which will give our entire state positive national attention.   That is why I am encouraging all Marshall fans to come out and pack the stadium for Friday’s game. All West Virginians should join the Huntington community to cheer for the Thundering Herd to soundly defeat the Hilltoppers and continue this historic football season.   Put simply, Marshall’s success is the Mountain State’s success. Gayle and I wish Coach Holliday and the team the best of luck!
Everyone knows Congress has been dysfunctional in recent years. We have a responsibility to work together and pass policies that empower middle class families and create jobs. http://bit.ly/1HExmtX
