Today I spoke to Californians about the urgent need for comprehensive immigration reform.
Our current immigration system is a hodgepodge of outdated, impractical, and convoluted laws that hurt our businesses and families, and keep America at a competitive disadvantage. The good news is we are very close to introducing a bill to fix this broken system. When we do, I'm going to rely on input from Coloradans to make the bill better and move it forward. If you'd like to play a more active roll, join my grassroots online organizing team:
In Connecticut, the average woman with a full time job will make $13,229 less than her male counterpart this year. This means that every year, Connecticut loses approximately $6,695,752,518 due to the wage gap. The economic security of women, families, and Connecticut are put at risk when women are paid less than men. It's time for Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
Congratulations to UConn Women's Basketball & Coach Geno for their incredible, record-setting victory last night! You have made Connecticut proud. You are all true champions!
Great having Lisa Goodman from Equality Delaware down in Washington today to meet with Senate Democrats. She's a champion for marriage equality in Delaware and also a great friend. Always fun to showcase the great leaders we have in Delaware to our colleagues, isn't it U.S. Senator Chris Coons?
I want to encourage all eligible Pennsylvanians to file for the Earned Income Tax Credit. The Earned Income Tax credit plays a key role in boosting economic growth and sustaining job creation across our state. Having more eligible Pennsylvanians take advantage of this tax credit will have a positive impact on the economy.
Senator Coons and the president of Equality Delaware, Lisa Goodman, briefed Democratic senators in the Capitol on Wednesday on Delaware’s campaign to offer full marriage equality to its citizens. The briefing was part of a Democratic Steering and Outreach Committee meeting with national leaders from the LGBT community.
In our latest installment of "Correspondence from the Commute," Senator Coons replies to Susan from Newark about drones.
In late March and early April of 2013, Senator Joe Donnelly participated in his “Hoosier JobsRoots” tour, an eight-community tour of Indiana focused on meeting with business owners, educators, and other community leaders on the best ways he can help Hoosier businesses develop more jobs for hard-working families across the state.   On this tour, the Senator asked roundtable participants on how he, on the federal level, can help local efforts to further improve local economies and create more jobs in Indiana. His goal is that every Hoosier who wants a job has a job, so he wants to do all he can to help Indiana businesses create more job opportunities so we can get more Hoosiers back to work.
Good news to share from Elkhart. Drew Industries, an RV manufacturer, plans to move its company’s headquarters to the community, adding up to 800 new jobs. Share this news with your friends, and let’s continue to discuss more job opportunities across the Hoosier State.
VIDEO: I joined MSNBC's The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell last night to discuss my assault weapons legislation. Watch HERE:
When we talk about the DREAM Act, we’re not talking so much about the opportunity that we’re providing these students. We’re really talking about how much they have to offer this country. They want to be engineers, they want to be doctors, they want to serve their country. It’s absolutely inspiring. These are kids who know this country first. They don’t know how to be anything but an American. I am determined to see the principals of the DREAM Act incorporated into the legislation.
It was great to see so many North Dakota students in the Capitol today!
At an United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hearing working on Indian Country housing issues. Watch live:
The Postal Service made the right decision today to continue six-day delivery.
Today I introduced my first bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013, along with Senator Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) and Senator Max Baucus (D-MT). This bill would help ease the transition of servicemembers from active duty to the civilian workforce by improving the alignment of specialty skills acquired in the military with civilian credentials or licenses required for post-service employment.
I support the compromise plan to subject gun sales online and at gun shows to background checks. Is it enough? No. Is it progress? Yes. And most honest, law abiding citizens will see zero change. At a minimum, Congress must take action and join 91% of Americans, including Republicans, who embrace the idea of at least requiring a background check. We must bring common sense gun safety reforms like this one up for a vote. No obstruction. We owe it to the American people. We owe it to the children of Newtown. We owe it to every victim of gun violence and their families.
Discussed the progress being made by the "Gang of Eight" on comprehensive immigration reform with Chuck Todd on MSNBC's Daily Rundown this morning. Click for video: http://youtu.be/P8RAQZgMvic
Lauren Rousseau had finally gotten a full time teaching job at Sandy Hook School last October. #voicesofvictims  http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=lauren-gabrielle-rousseau&pid=161725486#fbLoggedOut
Avielle Richman loved the movie Brave and pretending to be a superhero. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=avielle-richman&pid=161726376#fbLoggedOut
Olivia Engel loved math & reading. Her favorite stuffed animal was a lamb. She was killed on 12/14. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=olivia-engel&pid=161726007#fbLoggedOut
Lavanial Williams was gunned down while visiting his mom in Marin City, Calif. He was 17 years old. #voicesofvictims http://t.co/4Pyda2IiLv
Rachel D'Avino had only started at Sandy Hook days before 12/14. She died protecting her students. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=rachel-davino&pid=161726440#fbLoggedOut
Vicki Soto lived to teach. She died while shielding her young students from the gunfire. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=victoria-soto&pid=161723591#fbLoggedOut
Daniel Barden loved riding waves at the beach & playing the drums in a band with his brother. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=daniel-barden&pid=161725981#fbLoggedOut
Heading back to the Senate floor to tell the stories of those we’ve lost to gun violence. There are many, so I’ll be there a while
Tune into C-SPAN 2 around 10:15am for my maiden speech on Sandy Hook and the gun violence debate.
“This explanation crystallizes exactly why the convening authority should not have the unilateral ability to overturn a jury verdict—and why we need legislation that restricts their ability to do so. This letter is filled with selective reasoning and assumptions from someone with no legal training, and it’s appalling that the reasoning spelled out in the letter served as the basis to overturn a jury verdict in this case.” - Claire
Before the press conference today, Senator Manchin encouraged the Senate Budget Committee to confirm West Virginia native, Sylvia Mathews Burwell, as the next Office of Management and Budget Director. Video: http://bit.ly/ZnG729
It's our obligation to keep our children safe & protect our Second Amendment rights – Senator Manchin believes we can and must do both.   http://1.usa.gov/10TvV4a
ICYMI: Below is a link to Senator Manchin's opening remarks from today's press conference where The Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act was introduced.   http://1.usa.gov/10W0KGa
What our bill WILL NOT do:    The bill will not, in any way, shape, or form infringe upon anyone’s Second Amendment rights to keep and bear arms.   The bill will not take away anyone’s guns.   The bill will not ban any type of firearm.   The bill will not ban or restrict the use of any kind of bullet or any size clip or magazine.   The bill will not create a national registry; in fact, it explicitly prohibits it.  For more information on the Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act, please visit the website:   http://1.usa.gov/14bZ3tl
Today, Senator Manchin and Senator Pat Toomey introduced  "The Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act."  To check the facts on this amendment, please visit our website.   http://1.usa.gov/14bZ3tl
Today Senator Pat Toomey  and I will discuss background checks for firearms at a press conference. Tune in at 11 a.m.
For me, immigration reform is personal. The stories I often hear are heartbreaking. Watch below to hear a few that help illustrate why we must fix our broken system:
outside the U.S. Capitol
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
The time to address the gender wage gap is long overdue. As we mark Equal Pay Day this week, we must renew our commitment to pay equity by supporting the Paycheck Fairness Act which will help end pay discrimination.
"On the 50th anniversary of the loss of the USS Thresher, we pay tribute to the 129 men who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our country. We honor you and your families, and thank you for a courage and selflessness that will never be forgotten." - JS
In town for their national conference, 4-H leaders met with Senator Schatz in his DC office today!
Don't miss KITV's coverage of Senator Schatz's bill to fulfill the promise of benefits made to thousands of WWII Filipino veterans.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7DmehHw9Kg&feature=youtu.be
Congratulations to Sally Jewell, our new Secretary of the Interior.  I look forward to working with her.
I made a promise to the people of Rhode Island that I would always oppose cuts to Social Security, and I’m going to keep that promise.  Social Security is fully solvent for the next twenty years, has not contributed to our budget deficits, and has no place in this debate over federal spending.  The so-called ‘chained CPI’ proposal included in President Obama’s budget is nothing more than a benefit cut disguised behind technical jargon.  While I commend the President for including some smart provisions in his budget like investments in infrastructure and the Buffett Rule for tax fairness, I cannot support a proposal that would force seniors to pay for deficits Social Security had no part in creating.
We owe it to the hardworking women of the United States, especially in these difficult economic times when every penny of every paycheck counts, to continue to fight for equality & pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.
Senator Warner and U.S. Senator Tim Kaine today held a reception for Virginians attending the “Time is Now” immigration rally on Capitol Hill. Both reiterated their support for a reform that includes a reasonable and fair pathway to citizenship for the 11 million people who currently live in the shadows of America.  (staff)  /  Los Senadores Warner y Kaine tuvieron una recepción donde platicaron con los virginianos que asistían la marcha en Washington D.C. para pedir la reforma migratoria. Ambos senadores reiteraron su apoyo para una propuesta que incluye una solución práctica para los millones de inmigrantes indocumentados que viven en los Estados Unidos actualmente. “Es el momento. Este es el ano,” dijo Warner. Pongámonos a trabajar.
NA
I support the bipartisan compromise on background checks announced by Senators Manchin and Toomey today. It will strengthen our background check system, close the gun show loophole and prohibit the commercial sale of guns to those who are mentally ill or have a criminal record.  The bill also contains appropriate exemptions for responsible gun owners, allowing for direct transfers between family and friends.   The Manchin-Toomey compromise on background checks, combined with measures to prevent gun trafficking and our own proposal to improve school and campus safety, represents a reasonable approach and I support these measures.
For those of us who have been working for some time on bipartisan solutions to the debt, I am encouraged by the President’s budget proposal. It cuts the growth in federal spending, makes targeted investments to strengthen the economy, and it passes the test of fairness by including specific, phased-in reforms to entitlement programs.   His proposals on entitlement reform already have drawn fire from both the left and the right. I happen to believe the President is doing the right thing: he’s putting everything on the table.   Now it’s time for Republicans and Democrats to step-up and work to get this done. A reasonable and bipartisan fix to our fiscal challenges will strengthen our economic competitiveness and could do a lot to encourage growth and job creation.
