I send the heartfelt condolences of my entire family to Robin Williams’ family as our entire country mourns the loss of this remarkable genius who made us smile, laugh uncontrollably or cry.   His ability to connect with everyone was a rare gift indeed. We will always remember Robin and we must also rededicate ourselves to helping each other through the dark times. 
There are just 20 days until we return from August recess and until our college students return to school. Have you signed to support the Campus Accountability and Safety Act?  Plain and simple: this bill creates better sexual assault accountability standards for schools and offers greater protections for survivors. We need to show Congress there’s overwhelming support for this bill so we can get it passed.   Sign today, and share: http://democrats.senate.gov/casa
Today I today met with leaders, graduates and students of the Center for Urban Families to examine the successful ways in which the non-profit organization has strengthened urban communities by helping fathers and families achieve stability and economic success.  To strengthen our communities and families and to eradicate poverty and unemployment, our nation’s leaders must work together by providing the tools like the ones that the Center for Urban Families provides. It’s easy to understand how the center has been able to place nearly 3,000 men and women into permanent, stable employment after seeing some of their work in action.  It is time for us to join together as governments, non-profits and private-sector partnerships to rebuild America’s economic and civic foundation to continue the expansion of opportunity for all forthcoming generations
State and congressional leaders announced two grants to fund around-the-clock care for the University of Maryland's domestic violence program, $50,000 from the state and federal government and $20,000 from Verizon.   "Are we satisfied?  No.  Not when you have 18,000 plus victims every year in Maryland of #domesticviolence," said Sen. Ben Cardin, (D) MD.  More via WMAR-TV - abc2news.com 
Given that taxpayers are on the hook whether a project succeeds or fails, it is critical that we improve how federal agencies acquire, implement and manage information technology. 
In Altoona to hear testimony on the challenges facing the Sandwich Generation; caring for older parents, raising children, and preparing for retirement.
Senator Coons and Senator Lindsey Graham have introduced a new bipartisan bill to help schools revamp their engineering programs to meet the growing demands of 21st century manufacturing. 
Talked veterans care with Michael Kiefer, the West Texas VA Health Care System Director, and Dr. Larry Thompson, acting Chief of Staff, at the Hobbs Community Based Outpatient Clinic.
Roundtable discussion with Hobbs Mayor Sam Cobb and a dynamic group of community leaders to discuss economic development - including industry growth and quality of life initiatives.
All hands meeting at WIPP
Town hall meeting in Carlsbad to discuss recovery efforts at WIPP and address questions and concerns from the community.
Located in Artesia, the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center includes a full range of facilities for conducting basic and advanced training, including a program for Federal Air Marshals and Federal Flight Deck Officers.
Spoke at a ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new Badlands Station Post Office in Williston today, the second postal retail facility in the city. This facility shows the U.S. Postal Service aims to follow through on its commitments to improve mail delivery and service. Through my Fix My Mail initiative, I have heard from folks across North Dakota about the unacceptable problems they have faced with receiving their mail on time. And while the Postmaster General promised to improve mail delivery and standards in our state after I sent him these stories, I’ll continue to keep up the pressure. http://1.usa.gov/1rn3W9Z
The North Dakota Coalition for Homeless People headquartered in Bismarck will receive more than $900,000 in federal funds to help assist low-income veterans and their families that are homeless or at imminent risk of becoming homeless. Our veterans willingly risk their lives so we may have the comfort of knowing our communities and families are safe. And by not making sure they find their own place to call home when they come back, we are failing to live up to our commitment to them. Our veterans have given so much to our country, and these funds will help us give a little back to them. 
In Baltimore I joined with Lt. Governor Anthony Brown, Senator Ben Cardin, Congressman Dutch Ruppersberger along with health representatives and domestic violence advocates to announce funds to combat Maryland domestic violence. Funding for the Bridge Project at the University of Maryland Medical Center will provide 24/7 support for victims of domestic violence and help protect women and their families from continued abuse.   If you are beaten and abused, you should have somewhere to turn for help and a path to recovery. I will keep fighting for funds in the federal checkbook to combat domestic abuse, dating violence and sexual assault. 
Great day on Freund's Farm yesterday. Was able to learn some different things about farming and running a farm that can help me in my work on ag policy in Washington. http://www.registercitizen.com/general-news/20140811/sen-chris-murphy-spends-day-as-farmhand-at-freunds-farm-in-east-canaan
NA
NA
Join me for my veterans listening session tomorrow in Great Falls. 
Yesterday, I was pleased to welcome U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz and local leaders to HT Micro in Albuquerque, a small business that has successfully transferred technology from our national labs into the marketplace and created high-tech jobs as a result. Through my ATTAIN Act and other actions, I’ve been pushing for the Department of Energy to improve its technology transfer program. It's a key way to help New Mexico build a strong high-tech economy that will create more jobs. My ATTAIN Act would help more innovators like HT Micro turn cutting-edge research into marketable products and businesses.
I've worked for several years to expand veterans’ law clinics and just last year, I finally got the VA to adopt the Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic model as a national standard. I'm proud that today, we've earned the American Bar Association's seal of approval for these efforts to allow more legal clinics to help veterans at no cost to taxpayers http://1.usa.gov/1r7pE68
Kinder Morgan has proposed a new natural gas pipeline from New York all the way to Dracut, MA. The need to improve our short-term energy outlook doesn't mean we should rush to support every infrastructure project, regardless of the outcome. We can do better than this proposal - and we should. http://www.berkshireeagle.com/news/ci_26322123/sen-elizabeth-warren-we-can-do-better-than
