VIDEO: Tammy visits Gundersen Lutheran Health Clinic in La Crosse, and praises the steps the company has taken toward improving their energy efficiency and value-based health care. http://bit.ly/10Qfud9
ICYMI: Tammy tours Johnson Controls in Milwaukee. The success of the facility highlights the importance of investment in innovation to create jobs, advance our clean energy industry, and improve our economy for Wisconsin families. http://bit.ly/UROcNl
Tammy talks about the need for innovation and hears from WI companies who need a level playing field.  http://bit.ly/142lZIC
At her stop in La Crosse last week, Tammy talked about the biggest difference in transitioning into her role as Senator -- representing the whole state. She said she's excited "to be able to fight for hardworking Wisconsin families, no matter where they live, trying to grow the economy." http://bit.ly/145m39r
Senator Cardin on move to open combat roles to women: “Yet another glass ceiling is about to be shattered. I applaud Secretary Panetta’s actions that will open up thousands of front-line combat positions to America’s brave military women, giving them an equal opportunity to serve their nation, earn promotions and move up through the ranks as their male counterparts. America’s military is the greatest in the world and it has been made stronger today with the promise of equal opportunity for women and men.  “Every day, we honor the service of our men and women who volunteer to protect our nation. Maryland is home to nearly 30,000 Active, 16,000 Reserve and hundreds of thousands of veteran Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Marines and Coast Guardsmen.  These Marylanders have our utmost respect and appreciation.”
Ben- U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski is taking the lead on bringing the Pay Check Fairness Act back to the Senate, lets have her back! Equal pay for equal work is a core American value.
My top priority continues to be job creation. This measure is a common-sense step to incentivize small businesses to hire. Helping small businesses expand, protecting the middle class and fueling the economy is something both Republicans and Democrats should support.
Today, I joined my Senate colleagues John Hoeven (R-N.D.), Max Baucus (D-Mont.) and a bipartisan group of U.S. Senators in a news conference announcing that we sent a letter to President Obama urging him to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline following Nebraska Governor Dave Heineman’s approval of the new route through Nebraska this past Tuesday.   The letter had a total of 53 Senators signed on, Senators Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), Mark Pryor (D-Ark.), John Cornyn (R-Texas), Mary Landrieu (D-La.), David Vitter (R-La.), Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), and Ted Cruz (R-TX) also joined the news conference.
Look what I found while going through my Inauguration pictures- my statemate, Senator John Hoeven taking pictures too!
Heading to the Senate floor to call on my colleagues to finally -- and again -- stand with New Jersey and pass a Sandy Relief Package. You can watch live here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
We must learn from the tragic events in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. And I intend to work with the State Department and the Foreign Relations Committee to better protect our embassies, diplomats and personnel.  I thank Secretary Clinton for her testimony today and for her years of tireless service to our nation. Here are some of my takeaways from this morning’s hearing:  http://youtu.be/hs1FUTAB_-o
This morning at 9am, I will preside over a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing to discuss with Secretary Clinton the tragic events that took the lives of Ambassador Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyronne Woods and Glen Doherty in Benghazi on September 11. Will also touch on the lessons we can learn to better better protect our American diplomats and personnel who are posted at embassies around the globe.  Watch live here:   http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN3/
Honored that my first Senate hearing was with Secretary Clinton. Check out the video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7XaBIUutTM
Today, Claire honored the late great Stan ‘the Man’ Musial and reflected on his life by saying, "What we really need to focus on as we mourn the loss of this living legend is his character. Because it was his character that brought universal love, respect and devotion to the man, our man, ‘Stan the Man.’”   Claire also honored his legacy by introducing legislation to name the new bridge over the Mississippi River the “Stan Musial Memorial Bridge." More here: http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/political-fix/mccaskill-durbin-to-lead-drive-to-attach-musial-name-to/article_6a9eeef5-8742-5027-938b-7572f3f9edbb.html
Congratulations to Peter Koch of Warwick who will attend the National Mentoring Summit to receive the Excellence in Mentoring in America award.  It was great to see him and Jo-Ann Schofield and Arlene McNulty of Rhode Island Mentoring Partnership in my office in Washington, D.C.
NA
Secured National Park Service Director's commitment with Rep. Michael Grimm to reopen Great Kills Marina after Superstorm Sandy
Senator Shaheen will host a free consumer protection information session for seniors on Friday, January 25 from 10-11:30 a.m. at the Portsmouth Library in Portsmouth, NH.   Shaheen will present tips and advice about identity theft, medical discount scams, credit and loan offers, and more to help provide information on defending against scams. To RSVP or to receive more information, please call (603) 647-7500.
Senator Shaheen appeared on msnbc to discuss today's Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing with Secretary Clinton on the September, 2012 Benghazi attacks. Watch the interview below.
Senator Shaheen met with Senator John Kerry yesterday to discuss his nomination to serve as U.S. Secretary of State. Here is what Senator Shaheen had to say about the meeting:   "Our meeting strengthened my confidence in Senator Kerry as an excellent nominee to become our country's next Secretary of State. Senator Kerry carries tremendous international qualifications and has proven himself time and again as a strong leader for our country. I have worked closely with Senator Kerry during our time together on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and I look forward to supporting his nomination as it is considered in committee.”
At 1 p.m. ET today, Senator Shaheen will be on msnbc with Andrea Mitchell Reports to discuss this morning's hearing with Secretary Clinton on Benghazi attacks. Tune in!
Senator Shaheen released the following statement this morning on Secretary Clinton’s testimony at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the September, 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya:  “Secretary Clinton has been up front and honest about the mistakes that were made in the lead-up to the attack in Benghazi and I want to commend her for both her strong leadership at the State Department and for taking responsibility for what happened on September 11, 2012.  The bottom line is that our agencies did not do enough to protect our people on the ground and we must do better in the future. We must be honest with ourselves about mistakes that were made, learn from them, and do everything possible to make sure they are not repeated. That starts with making sure our State Department has the necessary resources to prevent future attacks and protect our diplomats serving abroad.”
Montanans expect Congress to pass a long-term plan to address our debt and deficit instead of threatening to shut down the government.  My End Government Shutdowns Act will make sure Congress gets serious instead of putting Montanans and our economy in jeopardy.  Read more below.
My Forest Jobs bill and my Sportsmen's Act have bipartisan support and create Montana jobs. It's time for Congress to quit playing politics and pass these bills to strengthen our economy.
On Election Day, too many Americans waited in line for hours - just to exercise their fundamental right to vote. Today, I'm glad to say that I worked with Senators Coons, Warner, and Blumenthal to reintroduce the FAST Voting Act, a bill that would provide incentives for states to take common sense steps to make voting easier for everyone.
Among the performers in President Obama's inaugural parade? Rhode Island's very own Portsmouth High School marching band!  Click the LIKE button to help me congratulate them on an outstanding performance.
After two wars over 10 years in which our enemies did not recognize a clear ‘front,’ it is appropriate that we recognize the realities of modern military combat. It is entirely appropriate to open front-line combat opportunities to American military women, who have repeatedly demonstrated their competence, bravery, and reliability serving our nation in times of war.
“Jeanne Vertefeuille and Sandy Grimes blazed a trail for women in the national clandestine service,” Sen. Warner said. “It was through their efforts, and the good work of many others, that we ultimately unmasked the notorious traitor Aldrich Ames in 1994. One cannot help but be inspired by the true-life story of service, patriotism, and friendship demonstrated by these two great federal employees.” (staff)
Held a breakfast for MA residents in town for inauguration at the Capitol. Great to see everyone!
