Sen. Alexander said the latest Obamacare delay “won’t help millions who have already lost their insurance plans.” Read MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1fKhhr5
Today is the five-year anniversary of the Obama Administration’s declaration of a “reset” with Russia. The occasion was marked by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s ceremonial gift of a reset button to her Russian counterpart, with the Obama Administration pledging a “new start” with U.S.-Russian relations. That fresh start doesn’t look very good today.
ICYMI: This week KFFB has been airing our discussion about important issues including Obamacare, the Farm Bill, proposed military cuts and energy. If you didn't get to hear our interview you can listen here.
Congrats to the Indiana Pacers on clinching a playoff berth last night. First team in the NBA to do so!
NA
#TBT to 1988 when I was preparing to preside over my first session of the Idaho State Senate as the president pro tem. #idpol
This past Sunday, I appeared on KTVB’s program “Viewpoint” with Mark Johnson to discuss the many issues pending before Congress. Click below to watch.
In a speech on the Senate floor today, Senator Susan Collins spoke in strong support of legislation coming before the Senate that would address the crisis of sexual assault in the military.  She praised the courage of Mainers who came forward to tell their stories after being sexually assaulted while serving their country.
Senator Collins met with Maine CARE members in DC for CARE’s 2014 National Conference.  Among other items, they discussed support for international food aid, and they thanked Senator Collins for her support of the International Violence Against Women Act.
NA
Cornyn, Whitehouse Prison Reform Bill Approved by Judiciary Committee: 
Appearing on Fox News Channel’s Fox & Friends to discuss Volkswagen Chattanooga workers’ recent vote against representation by the United Auto Workers (UAW) union, Senator Corker said it would be “unprecedented” if the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) overturns the decision of employees at the plant due to comments by elected officials.    “The workers realized that there was just nothing the UAW had to offer. They were there because of money. They were there because of dues. [The employees] already made more than what UAW workers in other plants with the same length of service were making,” said Corker. “Now the UAW is appealing… saying we interfered somehow by sharing concerns with our community. It will be unprecedented if the National Labor Relations Board overrules for that reason.”   Corker went on to discuss the double standard he and other Republican elected officials are being held to, noting that President Obama weighed in on behalf of the UAW during the three-day voting period.   “The president weighed in during the election process also,” said Corker. “For me to express concerns about what it would mean to our community and our state over time is something that I think people elect me to do. This is an interesting case. Hopefully – even though this is [President] Obama’s NLRB, these are his appointees – hopefully they will do the right thing here and not try to muzzle people who are elected by people in their state.”   Watch the interview here: http://youtu.be/ccSTKLTP9xk.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be on Fox & Friends this morning at 7:40 a.m. ET to discuss the recent UAW election at the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga and the upcoming NLRB ruling. To learn more, read the senator’s The Wall Street Journal op-ed here: http://on.wsj.com/1pXGvFh.
#RememberTheAlamo
It has been dangerous for tyrants when the American people remember we are exceptional and we defend liberty on the global stage.
Together, if the American people continue to rise up to speak out -- to speak the truth, we can restore our "Shining City upon a Hill." #CPAC2014 #MakeDCListen
The stakes have never been higher. We’ve got to win in 2014 and 2016. And the way we win is we stand for principle! #CPAC2014 #MakeDCListen
Tomorrow morning at 8 am CT. Hope you’ll join us!
The Administration has delayed more Obamacare flaws, but they aren’t dead. The flaws just won’t bite people until right after the next election. Not only is the Obama Administration bypassing Congress to delay another part of Obamacare in order to help those vulnerable in the upcoming election, it's expanding the scope of Obamacare without the legislative authority that is necessary. According to reports, the White House will soon allow insurers to renew old health insurance plans that do not comply with Obamacare's mandates. What's more, it also plans to give federal subsidies to people who bought private insurance outside of the Obamacare exchanges. Some in Congress have offered real, legislative solutions that would help Americans get out from under this collapsing legislation. We need a permanent delay for all, rather than a political delay for some.
Great to have the @UACRs #BearDown on Capitol Hill today. Keep up the good work at @UofA! pic.twitter.com/OTIbjj4uQx
Dalai Lama
While we recognize that today's fiscal climate will require difficult decisions, we do not accept that those decisions should be driven by federal energy and environmental policies that are advanced at the expense of the NFHS' s core mission.
NA
Senator Grassley today worked to build bipartisan support for the Military Justice Improvement Act for sexual assault victims in advance of a key vote.  The act is designed to empower victims to come forward by taking the judicial process for sexual assault cases outside the chain of command.  The vote of 55 to 45 by senators defeated the bill on a procedural motion that required three-fifths of the votes for passage.  Still, the outcome and debate elevated the profile of the issue amid strong views on taking on the Pentagon establishment.   Below is the video of remarks made today by Grassley during Senate debate.  You can also read a recent opinion column in The Des Moines Register here: http://tinyurl.com/mptmnfk and a recent story about the leadership of Air Force Lt. General Michelle Johnson, an Iowan, in combating sexual assault in the military here: http://tinyurl.com/mzc7l93. 
The people of the United States have always taken care of our veterans when they come home. The backlog is tantamount to breaking our promise to our nation’s veterans and must come to an end. #EndTheVABacklog   Today Bob Casey, Jr., Senator David Vitter, Senator Jon Tester and I released the VA Backlog March 2014 Report. You can read that here: http://1.usa.gov/1ouXiMq
Producing more oil and gas is creating jobs, helping to grow our economy and making our nation more secure, but there is a real need to build the infrastructure necessary to transport that energy safely. We need a comprehensive approach that both prevents derailments, and if a derailment occurs, that minimizes the risk of fire or explosion. Everybody has a role here – the railroads, the regulators and the shippers. We’ve got to work together to get this done.
Speaking now at rail safety hearing, stressing need to ensure safety of North Dakota communities along rail lines.  Watch hearing live here: http://www.commerce.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Home
Looking forward to our hearing today on rail transportation safety. You can watch beginning at 10am CT here: http://www.commerce.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Home  
On Tuesday, I spoke with Lou Dobbs of FOX Business about Russia's invasion of Ukraine and how Europe is hesitant to respond with sanctions likely due to their dependence on Russia's energy resources. The President should work to replace Russian influence in the region with support from the United States, and he can do this by expediting the approval process for U.S. natural gas exports to our NATO allies and Ukraine. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XiTAyk_Mx4 
In case you missed it - Sen Johnson went on MSNBC this morning to discuss the situation in #Ukraine. You can watch below.
NA
At our constituent coffee this morning, Senator Dick Durbin and I vowed to keep working together to stop FEMA from discriminating against #Illinois. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1010
"The work remaining before us, this year and for the next three years, is the most important work conservatives have faced in a generation. It is the work of redefining our movement, rebuilding our party, and rescuing our nation.  "That work will not be easy, or fun, or glamorous. Most of the time it won’t even be noticed. But it is essential to our success.  "If conservatives do not do this work, we will lose in 2014, and 2016, and beyond. We will lose, and we will deserve to lose.  And whether the people at this podium are willing to do that work depends on whether the people in this audience – and conservatives in communities around the country – demand it."  Watch my full #CPAC2014 speech here:
I am delivering a speech at #CPAC2014 in a few minutes (I will be speaking right after Senator Marco Rubio).  You can watch it live here:
The crisis in Ukraine shows us that it is in our national security interests and it is in the interests of our allies who are dependent upon Russian natural gas to increase our energy production and exporting capacities.  Congress and the President should lift burdensome regulations that prevent these capabilities and give our friends an alternative and more stable source of energy. 
Watch my comments on Putin and #Russia at the GOP primary debate in 2000 #TBT 
Mapping out my next Kansas Listening Tour stop—any suggestions? My upcoming town hall meetings are always listed on my website: http://1.usa.gov/1lCDMk2.
This afternoon, the Senate will vote on legislation to prevent military sexual assaults. Protecting those who protect us is of the utmost importance. I support Sen. Gillibrand’s Military Justice Improvement Act, which will further protect individuals from sexual assault, give victims the confidence they need to report crimes, and make certain perpetrators are prosecuted.
Congratulations to the Alaska winners of Presidential Award for Excellence in Math & Science Teaching: Rebecca Himschoot, of Sitka’s Keet Gooshi Heen Elementary and Amy Laufer, of Kasuun Elementary School in Anchorage.  We are lucky to have these amazing women helping to shape young Alaska minds!
Stopping military sexual assault has been something I've been passionately working on for months, and today the legislation designed to reform the military justice system and better protect victims is finally getting a vote.  Heading to the Senate floor now to urge my colleagues to support it.  Watch live here: 
Had a valuable discussion with Ohio leaders of Ukrainian-American communities this afternoon. It is important that we stand with Ukraine.
Earlier today, I joined Senate colleagues to urge passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act. This piece of bipartisan legislation will combat sexual assault and other violent crimes in the military by restructuring the way in which they are reported and prosecuted.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ep3hTWn6pk&feature=c4-overview&list=UUeM9I-20oWUs8daIIpsNHoQ
A year ago today, I took to the Senate floor to lead an active filibuster of President Obama's nominee for director of the Central Intelligence Agency, John Brennan.   Watch the highlights of my 13-hour filibuster here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XrYHMHF5cQ
Before Putin commits further aggression in Ukraine, he should take the time to peer into the eyes of Ukrainian teenagers with bandaged and bloodied heads and ask himself if he is really up to the task.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Peace/2014/03/05/Rand-Paul-Ukraine-op-ed
Once again, the Obama Administration is playing politics with peoples lives just to win elections. We now have another Obamacare delay, which serves as another admission that it does not work. Where is the delay for the individual? Where is the delay for the average American? We need to repeal this monstrosity and protect the all-important doctor-patient relationship.  http://thehill.com/blogs/healthwatch/health-reform-implementation/199784-new-obamacare-delay-to-help-midterm-dems 
The Senate Judiciary Committee passes a bipartisan bill from Sen. Sessions to crack down on identity theft:
ICYMI: White House Budget Director refuses to answer question: Does your budget increase spending?
Loved seeing Citadel cadets and Clemson students at CPAC today!
Heading on stage now at CPAC!
Joining 660am in Greenville from CPAC's radio row!
Congratulations to Tobyhanna Army Depot on being awarded the Governor's Award for Safety Excellence. Here, my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, stands with Col. Gerhard P.R. Schröter, Commander, and Anthony Ferreira, President, AFGE Local 1647. Representatives from the PA Dept. of Labor and Industry were also in attendance.
Shawn Conway, my constituent advocate for southwest PA, held a casework day in New Castle at the office of State Sen. Elder Vogel. My staff regularly holds events like these across the commonwealth.
