IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, check out the Wall Street Journal’s article, “Chronicling EEOC’s Abuses,” on Senator Alexander’s report released Monday that highlights the EEOC’s abuse of private employers under the Obama administration.   “Courts have found EEOC’s litigation tactics to be so egregious they have ordered EEOC to pay defendants’ attorney’s fees in ten cases since 2011. The courts have criticized EEOC for misuse of its authority, poor expert analysis, and pursuit of novel cases unsupported by law,” Alexander’s report said.   Read more HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=9d6297f3-ae13-40f4-8c50-b2d732f641d2   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsD8DNXUKDQ&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ
Read my statement on #Ferguson here:
The Southwest Times-Record was on hand when I visited Covington Court Health and Rehabilitation Center in Fort Smith yesterday. You can read their story by following the link below.
NA
ICYMI: I joined Senator Rob Portman (R-Ohio) to introduce a bill to reduce excessive unfunded government mandates on job creators, giving them greater freedom to invest in their companies and hire new workers.     Businesses across the country continue to struggle under the heavy weight of the federal government.  Removing the tremendous burdens placed on job creators and strengthening policies that encourage, not stifle, innovation is key to the kind of economic growth our country needs.  #idpol
NA
The designation as a National Blue Ribbon School is a high honor that is only given to the nation’s best schools. The Manvel School community should be extremely proud of their work to receive this designation, which comes as a result of dedicated efforts from students, educators and families.
“Rod and Tracey Belzer exemplify the powerful and positive impact individuals can have on the lives of North Dakota foster children. During their 26-year marriage, the Belzer family has cared for 132 different children in addition to their five children, two of whom are adopted. It is an honor to nominate Rod and Tracey as Angels in Adoption, and I hope their work will inspire others and increase awareness about the importance of adoption and foster care.”   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=ddc30a94-dcf8-440b-832b-d6aba2f84653
“At this time of Thanksgiving, we are especially grateful for the freedoms we enjoy and the men and women who have sacrificed so much to preserve them. Today we present these military medals and honor these brave men, who served and fought on our behalf. We hope these medals serve as a tangible reminder of our tremendous gratitude.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/11/hoeven-presents-military-medals-to-north-dakota-wwii-gulf-war-veterans
Today’s Tribal Highlight is the Muscogee Creek Tribe. Here are five fast facts about the Muscogee Creek Tribe:   1.The Creek Nation has more than 75,900 enrolled citizens and encompasses 11 counties in Oklahoma.    2.The Muscogee people are commonly known as “Creeks”  because they traditionally built their trading post alongside rivers.   3. Early Muscogee ancestors would create earthen pyramids alongside rivers to serve as ceremonial complexes.   4. Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient Dr. Suzan Harjo was born in El Reno, Oklahoma. She is part Cheyenne and part Muscogee and is a member of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes.   5. Lt. Col. Ernest Childers, was the first Native American to receive the WWII Medal of Honor.
"Thanksgiving is a time for Kentuckians to gather together and express gratitude for the freedoms we enjoy, the many blessings we have received, and the family and friends who enrich our lives.  "Kentucky is also home to many brave servicemembers, here and abroad, and we're grateful for their sacrifice.  "Despite the challenges we may face in our daily lives, we know all Americans give thanks today for those many gifts, and for our country.  "Have a Happy Thanksgiving."
It was great to attend a surprise unveiling of a bronze sculpture of The World Company Chairman and Lawrence Journal-World Editor Dolph C. Simons Jr. (pictured on the far right), and his father the late Dolph Simons Sr., yesterday. The bust was created to honor the two newspapermen for their contributions in journalism and for their support to The University of Kansas. The bust was commissioned by former Kansas Board of Regents Chairman Clay Blair and will be displayed at the KU Alumni Center.  Presidential historian and founding director of Kansas University’s Dole Institute of Politics Richard Norton Smith (pictured in the middle) referred to the sculpture as “twin likenesses that commemorate over a century of service to a great university and the town from which it derives no small part of its identity.”
Thanksgiving is almost here! I know a lot of you are mapping out your Thanksgiving ‘kitchen strategy’, so I wanted to share this information from the USDA on how to safely prepare your turkey for Thanksgiving dinner.
Good news for Alaska’s small brew community – Americans are now drinking more craft beer than they are the industry standard: Budweiser.  One of the reasons I’m co-chair of the Senate Small Brewers Caucus is to empower these success stories popping up around our state and the country at large.  They add so much to our communities and are a key economic sector that invests their money back into Alaska.
Continuing my work to strengthen Ohio’s military installations: http://ohne.ws/11sPlm9
The President and the late Michael Brown’s family have called for peace. I join their calls for peaceful protest, but also reiterate their call to action — “channel your frustration in ways that will make a positive change.”
 
 http://time.com/3605426/rand-paul-the-politicians-are-to-blame-in-ferguson/
MUST-READ: 'Why Rand Paul Wants to Declare War on ISIS' http://www.americanbroadside.com/why-rand-paul-wants-to-declare-war-on-isis/
President Obama's failure to reach a deal with Iran, one year after a promised negotiation of only six months, is dangerous for the US and all our allies. As this Administration stalls and prohibits the sanctions my colleagues and I worked tirelessly to pass and receive international support, Iran only gets closer to achieving the capability to produce a nuclear weapon. This president must stop rewarding our enemies, and start protecting our allies and this country. I continue to push for the Senate to pass additional sanctions  (S.1881), of which I am a cosponsor, on Iran as this unending, and inevitably failing nuclear negation continues.
As National #Alzheimers Disease Awareness Month comes to an end, we are reminded of the importance of raising awareness & advancing research.
Joined a bipartisan group of Senators in requesting proper usage of harbor maintenance funds. Harbor maintenance funding is utilized to dredge and maintain America’s ports, including the ports in Charleston and Georgetown.   http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/scott-and-bipartisan-group-senators-ask-proper-use-harbor-maintenance-funding
2014 marks the fourth time in the last nine years that The White House Christmas Tree has come from Lehighton, PA – the largest municipality in Carbon County with 5,500 vibrant souls. However, it is Indiana, PA that is considered the “Christmas Tree Capital of the World,” due to the founding of the Christmas Tree Grower’s Association there in 1955. Pennsylvania maintains the second most Christmas tree farms in the nation with 1,205.
