On Monday, Senator Ayotte introduced an amendment to the unemployment extension legislation that would pay for a three-month extension of temporary long-term unemployment benefits, fix the unfair military pension cuts included in last month's budget agreement, and reduce the deficit.
I’m proud to co-sponsor Senator Kelly Ayotte’s bill to restore military retirement benefits. This is a common-sense solution to help keep our promise to these brave servicemen and women and their families.
Today’s Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Inspector General (IG) report highlighting insufficient practices to protect electronic health records is deeply concerning. It is particularly troubling that the issues raised today are not new, but echo those highlighted by my colleagues and I last year. Today’s report is another example of the Administration falling short when it comes to implementation of IT initiatives and only increases my concerns regarding the security of consumer’s information under the Affordable Care Act. When it comes to protecting patient’s information, the Administration’s actions continue to speak louder than their promises. Billions of taxpayer dollars are being spent to advance health information technology under the HITECH Act and the Administration should ensure that the American people’s investment is sound and their information secure.
I am pleased to be a cosponsor on Senator Ayotte’s amendment that will pay for the unemployment insurance extension and would repeal the unfair Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees. It is my hope that Senate Democrats will seriously consider this responsible amendment and will not throw our veterans and unemployed under the bus.
Today I offered several amendments to reform the existing unemployment benefits program to ensure that it is paid for and benefits are going to those actively looking for work.
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Bond v. United States, soon to be decided by the United States Supreme Court, serves as a critical test on whether the treaty power can be used as a loophole to jettison the very real limits on the federal government's authority.
The biggest political divide isn’t between republicans and democrats, but between career politicians in Washington and the American people. #MakeDCListen
Yet more confirmation that, with determination and fearlessness, we can do anything:  here's another video of 5-year-old Caroline rocketing down the ski slopes.  Three days earlier, she had never skied in her life!
In light of recent events, we need to explore and address massive data security breaches that have affected millions of Americans. It is critical to our country’s businesses, economy, and the privacy of our citizens that Americans know their personal and financial information is secure. This issue also relates to the security risks to Americans’ personal information posed by HealthCare.gov.
Nebraskans in the Stapleton, Tryon, and Oshkosh areas: My staff will be holding local office hours in your communities this Monday. These office hours offer an opportunity closer to home to meet personally about your questions, concerns, or assistance you may need with federal agencies. Check out the times and locations my staff will be in your area here.
Farm Bill $250K Paymt limit allows big farms to get 5x US Median Household income in subsidies/yr. Some want more-How’s 250K unreasonable?
Good luck tonight to the Nevada Wolf Pack and UNLV Athletics in the Governor's Series game! #BattleBorn #UNLVmbb
Looking forward to honoring the North Dakota National Guard's 188th at a reception tonight. These men and women are doing a tremendous job serving in our nation's capital.   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=c4b008cb-07e9-44ad-bb50-b45a594f4b39
It has been a cold and busy week in our nation's Capitol but that hasn't kept me from highlighting the irony of the global warming debate while the country is experiencing record low temperatures. Please take a moment to listen to my interview with the Washington Times' Andy Parks here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/radio/andy-parks-live-from-the-washington-times/
Chicago Tribune editorial: A nuclear #Iran is a growing threat, and we need an insurance policy against Iranian deception.
Our country has historically been a place where regardless of one’s background, success can be achieved through hard work. That ability to move up the ladder is economic mobility. It is important because it helps create a dynamic society where individuals can reach their full potential. Economic mobility should be no more partisan an idea than the American Dream itself.  Yesterday, I spoke with The Wall Street Journal's Damian Paletta about the importance of improving economic mobility in our country. There are different views, different philosophies about how to allow everybody an opportunity to move upward on the economic scale, and so there are legitimate philosophical and policy differences. That’s to be expected in a diverse democracy like ours. But we ought to do everything we can to avoid this being the political show that is trying to categorize Republicans and Democrats in ways that is only useful for partisanship. I encourage you to read more via the link below.
I spoke on the Senate floor earlier about my amendment that would help pay for a three month extension of Unemployment Insurance and urged Senate Democrats to allow votes.
Introduced an amendment today to prevent duplicative spending by ending double-dipping between unemployment and disability benefits. My amendment would also implement the President’s own plan to reduce improper payments and speed reemployment, saving money in the long run.
My Cincinnati office is closed today due to a power outage. Please call the Columbus office if you need immediate assistance. 614-469-6774
@senmikelee gave me a drone for my birthday. See it in action at 7pm ET tonight on Fox News with Greta Van Susteren
In case you missed it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-chuEeBhsdo
Senator Rubio Delivers Address on 50th Anniversary of the "War on Poverty"   Rubio: "America is still the land of opportunity for most, but it is not a land of opportunity for all. If we are to remain an exceptional nation, we must close this gap in opportunity."
Congrats to WWII veteran Billy Thomas on being honored with a WWII Victory Medal and certificate this morning!  Thank you to Mr. Thomas and all who have served. http://www.carolinalive.com/news/story.aspx?id=991753#.Us2EI2RDvNV
Going to the Senate floor with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. in a few minutes to honor those PA service members killed in action in 2013.
This makes sense.  I’m joining @TomCoburn to make sure millionaires are not receiving unemployment benefits http://tinyurl.com/lbhp6oc
Congrats to Pittsburgh Penguins Coach Dan Bylsma, now the team's all-time winningest coach! #BurghProud
It is unfair to make a promise to members of our military and then – after they have honorably fulfilled every part of their obligation – have their government fail to live up to its part of the bargain.   That is why I support Senator Kelly Ayotte's amendment to restore $6 billion in cost-of-living cuts to military retirement benefits that were included in the budget deal signed into law last month and to find the savings elsewhere.  The provision would pay for the reinstatement of the funds by closing a loophole in the U.S. tax code that allows illegal immigrants to claim the Additional Child Tax Credit.
I'm a cosponsor of Senator Kelly Ayotte's amendment to restore military retirement benefits which have been unfairly cut.
