Senator Ayotte was honored to join members of the New Hampshire American Legion this morning at their state convention in Manchester.
In Candia this morning, Senator Ayotte helped kick-off the 5th annual New Hampshire Freedom Cup Golf Tournament. Freedom Cup was founded by Len Ouellette in memory of his son Michael, who was killed five years ago while bravely serving our country in Afghanistan. Through this event and Freedom Cup's great work to provide financial support for active duty service members and our veterans, Michael's selfless spirit lives on. Special thanks to all the organizers and volunteers who made this year's tournament a success!
NA
Next week will be busy in Washington. We’re awaiting on some major decisions by the Supreme Court including cases challenging Obamacare’s contraception mandate and presidential recess appointments.
NA
Congratulations to Fort Wayne broadcasting legend Bob Chase 
Idaho continues to be one of the friendliest places for small business, earning the second spot in America in a new Thumbtack survey.  #idpol
Cornyn Statement on Administration’s Response to Border Crisis: 
DHS Sec. Johnson: If the federal government won’t secure the border, let Texas do it.
#DontRepeal1A, #SaveMeriam, #SaveSaeed, the humanitarian crisis caused by the Obama Administration’s refusal to #SecureTheBorder, and more in our latest newsletter.   Please read and SHARE!
Americans need to know how the Obama Administration thinks it has made our nation safer by negotiating with terrorists to release these five dangerous terrorist leaders.   Until President Obama can make his case and convince the American public that this swap was in our national interest, prudence dictates that all further transfers and releases from Guantanamo Bay should be off the table.
At no time in our nation’s history have we seen threats to religious liberty, and every one of the Bill of Rights, more dire than they are right now.  We have an IRS who is asking citizens’ groups: Tell me what books you are reading. Tell me the content of your prayers. Let me tell you something: The federal government has no business asking any American that.
Without a doubt, the growing humanitarian crisis at our border is a direct consequence of the Obama Administration’s refusal to secure the border.
Prisoner transfers from Guantanamo Bay like the ones recently enacted by President Obama were prohibited in 2012 and 2013 under legislation the Senate passed. I believe that also could have been the case this year if the majority leader had not blocked senators from offering similar proposals. The majority’s condoning of a senate closed to all ideas other than those approved by the majority leader has real-world consequences that people may not realize.
Contrary to claims of bone-deep spending cuts, there is clearly plenty of fat left to be trimmed from the federal budget. The Senate also needs to hold agencies such as the IRS accountable before simply cutting a $126 billion check to fund them. I urge Democrats in the majority to let us debate and vote on these and all other amendments offered to the bill.
Great afternoon today in Omaha. Enjoyed touring Lozier's HQ and visiting NorthStar Foundation's after school program.
Tomorrow I will visit Pilger and the surrounding areas to assess the damage from the devastating tornadoes earlier this week. I'll take this opportunity to learn more about recovery efforts from NEMA and the American Red Cross and speak with the victims. I also look forward to the chance to sincerely thank in person all the volunteers who are stepping forward to help our neighbors in need. Pilger will survive and it will rebuild. Nebraskans are strong – and our neighbors from Pilger are among the strongest. 
Fed govt needs better oversight of research money- worried about tax $ lost to fraud& too few held accountable
Senator Grassley met with several groups of Iowa students this week during their visits to Washington, D.C.  Grassley met with students from the Iowa Rural Electric Cooperatives’ Youth Tour, West Lyon High School FFA, Carlisle Middle School, East Sac County High School FFA, Denison Community High School FFA, and the National Youth Leadership Conference.
The Corps needs to account for a strong and reliable local effort – projects where funding is in place and the locals are doing more – as they select which projects to begin constructing. Our language makes sure they do just that. With our state and local funding in place for the permanent flood protection in Fargo-Moorhead, this project should be a strong candidate for the Corps’ new construction funding. Also, the permanent flood protection project in Fargo-Moorhead will be funded 55 percent by state and local sources in contrast with most projects that only have a 35 percent local share.
Through their honorable sacrifices and service to our nation, our veterans have earned the benefits they were promised, and accessible long-term care services near supportive family and friends are no exception. We need to do all we can to make sure that veterans can access the care they need without leaving their community, family and friends far behind. I am asking Secretary Gibson to ease the regulatory burdens our small, long-term care providers face when contracting with the VA, which will expand access and choice for veterans who need these services.
Congratulations to North Dakota native James Rosenquist whose work has been selected to appear in a nationwide outdoor art show featuring America’s top artists. 
Our state is now the fastest growing state in the nation, and while that growth brings tremendous opportunities, it also brings challenges. We need to invest in our roads, bridges, airports and other transportation infrastructure, so that our increasingly busy airports can safely and efficiently meet the travel needs of individuals coming to our state for business or pleasure.
North Dakota is the nation’s number one producer of honey. Honey bees also play a vitally important role in U.S. agriculture, pollinating over one hundred different types of crops. Through this new CRP pollinator initiative, farmers and ranchers can enhance current CRP land by providing better access to nutritious pollinator forage, which supports colony growth and honey production. 
There is broad agreement across a range of industries that these rules will impose unnecessary and burdensome new restrictions and requirements. The rules will add additional costs for farmers, ranchers, homeowners and businesses across North Dakota. The EPA needs to abandon this new layer of bureaucracy and provide clarity and certainty to those who rely on the land for their livelihoods and manage it with good stewardship.
SkyWest’s decision to add new flights in and out of Jamestown and Devils Lake stands as great news for these communities. Reliable jet service is important to the business community, the tourism industry and to the occasional traveler. Airports across North Dakota have seen increased demands and record boardings which is why we are glad to see expanded service at these airports to meet the needs of our people and growing economy.
I just visited Fort Sill where I was able to speak with a handful of the 600 unaccompanied children who are being housed on post and who entered the U.S. illegally. The promise for ‘amnesty’ that the Administration has communicated to those in Latin America is resulting in an increase in dangerous child trafficking rings and families parting ways all with hope that they can obtain amnesty.  My greatest concern with today's visit is that the Administration still could not provide us answers to basic questions as to where the resources are going to come from to care for these children or the assurance that housing them on a military installation will not become a permanent program. As I've said before, the President needs to send a strong message to the world that our immigration laws will be enforced.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-visit-to-fort-sill-to-tour-facility-housing-children-who-entered-the-us-illegally
Yesterday morning Pat Campbell and I discussed several issues, one being the President's decision to secretly strike a deal with the Taliban to release five senior Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay when we still have our military men and women in harms way. We also spoke about recent developments in Iraq, specifically how partnering with Iran is not a viable option to stop this well-funded, well organized terrorist group that is trying to work its way to Baghdad. Instead, a more logical solution would be to provide Iraq with non-lethal resources, such as intelligence and surveillance to help push back the enemy. If you’d like to listen to the interview, click this link from @KFAQ website: http://media.1170kfaq.com/audio/inhofe061914.mp3   
Senator Johnson encourages Wisconsinites to participate in his staff  led office hours dedicated to veterans assistance. Visit our website for more details: www.ronjohnson.senate.gov
Sen. Johnson's office will hold mobile office hours next week that will allow constituents to meet with the senator’s staff.  These office hours are being made available to hear veterans’ perspectives on the VA health care system.
This week Acting Veterans Affairs Secretary Sloan Gibson initiated monthly site inspections by Medical Center and VISN Directors in an attempt to restore integrity to the scandal-embroiled agency. The idea that corrupt VA Directors like Joan Ricard will be entrusted with reviewing the very fraudulent scheduling practices she oversaw at the Hines VA is insulting. 
"Twenty-one years after the completion of the interstate highway system, the special interests in both parties still believe we should continue running the transportation policy of all fifty states from Washington. Despite the fact that each state has a unique geography, topography, and population density, they must rely on K Street lobbyists for their transportation needs. Obviously, such an inefficient infrastructure policy has engendered so much waste that the politicians are always looking to increase taxes in order to keep up with the quicksand of federal transportation policy."
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour today with a stop in Smith Center, Kansas. The conversations focused on issues veterans are facing with the VA, the unrest in Iraq, and the importance of rural health care. Thanks to the nearly 20 Smith County residents for attending and sharing feedback on the critical issues facing Kansas and the nation. The issues I focus on and the work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans during these town hall meetings.
This week, Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs Sloan Gibson began the process of selecting the next head of the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) and has created a commission of healthcare experts, Veteran Service Organizations (VSO) and industry leaders. The VHA is our nation’s largest integrated health care system with more than 1,700 sites that serve 8.76 million veterans each year, and the next Undersecretary must be prepared to reform the VHA system. Secretary Gibson included representatives from two VSO’s — The Veterans of Foreign Wars and Disabled American Veterans. Interestingly, the only major VSO — in fact, the largest one in the country — that was not offered representation was the American Legion. It seems there is a connection between the American Legion’s call for reform and their exclusion from this commission. I would hope this isn’t a result of the American Legion calling for VA Secretary Shinseki’s resignation.
This week, three Kansans from the National Young Leaders Conference stopped by my office. The conference is a seven-day event that brings together outstanding high school students from across the country. During the conference, they come to Capitol Hill to meet with Members of Congress from their home states, and it was great to visit with these bright students. Here, I'm pictured with Lindsay Crist and Ashley Wollesen of Lincoln and Joseph Harms of Lawrence.
Today, I stopped in Mankato to visit Jewell County Hospital (JCH). JCH is a 22-bed Critical Access Hospital with an attached 22-bed long-term care unit. The hospital also operates a rural health clinic, providing patients access to primary care services in Mankato. During the visit, our discussion centered around the importance of JCH and other rural hospitals to the survival and success of many Kansas communities. We visited about concerns policies proposed by the Obama Administration that would reduce the number of CAHs in Kansas and across the country. CAHs and other rural hospitals make up a significant component of our state’s health care delivery system and are often one of the largest employers in their towns. Thanks to JCH CEO Doyle McKimmy for hosting my visit.
The National Anthem captures so much of this nation's greatness and strength.  Little did Francis Scott Key know when he wrote it, we'd still be singing it at celebrations and ballgames in 2014.  I want to wish a Happy 200th Anniversary to 'The Star-Spangled Banner' 
Touring City Gospel Mission's expansion this afternoon. I was pleased to be able to help them clear Washington red tape and continue with their planned expansion. They provide up to 130,000 meals per year to Cincinnati's poor and homeless.
I will be addressing the Faith and Freedom Coalition Conference at 11:00am ET.  Watch my speech live HERE: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/watch-live-faith-freedom-coalition-conference-n136446
In case you missed it-- I joined Sean Hannity on Fox News to discuss the #Iraq crisis and #IRS scandal.   WATCH:
No matter what the Obama administration is planning for Iraq, I insist that it go through Congress.   READ, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://online.wsj.com/articles/sen-rand-paul-america-shouldnt-choose-sides-in-iraqs-civil-war-1403219558?mod=hp_opinion
"We will do ourselves no favors if we simply recommit to the same mistakes and heed the advice of those who made them in the first place." READ my latest foreign policy op-ed HERE: http://m.us.wsj.com/articles/sen-rand-paul-america-shouldnt-choose-sides-in-iraqs-civil-war-1403219558?mobile=y&mg=reno64-wsj
The IRS lost two critical years of Lois Lerner’s email, which is a clear attempt to shield the Obama Administration from accountability for targeting conservative groups. But now we learn that Lois Lerner’s hard drive, along with computer data of six other employees connected to her, has been destroyed and likely not recoverable. To compound this outrage, the IRS has known about this for several months, but withheld this key fact from the Finance Committee, which is actively investigating the IRS. It is like the plot of a movie and it is an outrage.
I am calling for an independent counsel, otherwise known as a special prosecutor, to uncover the truth about the IRS' targeting of conservative groups. Since the disclosure last week that the IRS somehow lost two critical years of Lois Lerner’s email, the news keeps getting worse for the American public. We are all outraged by this development, which is a clear attempt to shield the Obama Administration from accountability for targeting conservative groups. But now we learn that Lois Lerner’s hard drive, along with computer data of six other employees connected to her, has been destroyed and likely not recoverable. To compound this outrage, the IRS has known about this for several months, but withheld this key fact from the Finance Committee, which is actively investigating the IRS. This is simply inconceivable.
Rubio Answers the Question "What Would Reagan Do?" About Situation in Iraq
ICYMI: Rubio: How To Fight Human Trafficking: http://bit.ly/1pmSfz6  Each day, innocent people are being trafficked in Florida, across the U.S. and around the world. It’s hard to imagine slavery like this still exists today, but it does. Fortunately, greater public awareness and improved law-enforcement efforts have helped combat the problem, save countless victims, and bring human traffickers to justice. But there is much more work to be done, at home and abroad.   Today, the U.S. State Department released its 2014 Trafficking In Persons Report, which highlights the prevalence of the problem globally and rates foreign governments’ efforts to combat it. This important report breaks down in detail the nature of a problem that is estimated to affect almost 21 million people worldwide who are now in forced labor, of whom 4.5 million are being sexually exploited.   This year, Venezuela, Thailand, Malaysia, and the Gambia were singled out by our State Department for their particularly atrocious records on human trafficking. Many more were chided for not doing enough to combat this problem within their borders, while others were commended for taking important actions to protect their citizens.   Documenting and highlighting all of this is essential, but the truly important work begins now that the report has been released. We must use every tool at our disposal to apply pressure on problem countries to change. We must shame those who deserve it, and praise and support those who are fighting the problem. We should condition our foreign assistance in part on the effectiveness of other countries’ efforts to protect victims and punish traffickers... 
Senators Rubio, Booker Introduce Legislation To Expand Unlicensed Spectrum Use: http://1.usa.gov/1kUWxd4  At a time when demand for spectrum is drastically increasing, the legislation aims to provide more of this valuable resource to the public to bolster innovation, spur economic development, and increase connectivity.   “In a century defined by drastic and colossal technological advancement, it is hard going even a day without using our cell phones, tablets and other wireless devices,” said Rubio. “Access to mobile broadband enhances our daily lives, facilitating quality work and timely communication. But our wireless devices rely on spectrum, a valuable and limited resource.   “To meet the demands of our time, action must be taken to ensure spectrum is utilized effectively and efficiently,” added Rubio. “This bill requires the FCC to conduct testing that would provide more spectrum to the public and ultimately put the resource to better use, while recognizing the future needs and important work being done in intelligent transportation. I am pleased that Senator Booker has joined me in this effort to foster the innovation and economic growth needed to make this century another American century.”
I am not letting up in pushing for answers. http://www.politico.com/story/2014/06/irs-lois-lerner-emails-108044.html
Happy Friday PA! Here's your weekly update. Spoiler alert: there is singing!
Spoke today at Judge Debra Brown's investiture in #Greenville. Honored to be part of this historic moment for #Mississippi. 
