I am pleased to see the president look to North Carolina to fill this important cabinet position, and I congratulate Mayor Foxx on this honor.  I look forward to introducing Mayor Foxx to my colleagues and working with him as his nomination moves through the Senate.  I believe he will ably serve North Carolina and our nation as the next Secretary of Transportation.
Did you miss Friday's newsletter? Click below to read.  Don't forget to share with your friends.
NA
Op-Ed: The U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) recently released its annual report to Congress identifying ways that can increase efficiency and save tens of billions of dollars annually in federal spending.  GAO found 31 new opportunities to provide significant savings that Congress should act on immediately.  GAO also found that 12 percent of the 131 areas GAO identified in its past two reports were addressed, while 66 percent were partially addressed and nearly 21 percent were not addressed.  Clearly, progress is needed in reducing unnecessary spending and duplication.  With a soaring national debt, federal program overlap must be part of common-sense spending reductions.
A nice thank you note from the National Wildlife Federation.  http://blog.nwf.org/2013/04/thanks-maine-senators-collins-and-king-for-climate-vote/
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In an op-ed in Sunday’s Tennessean, Senators Corker and Alexander write: “[The Marketplace Fairness Act is] about two words: states’ rights. The legislation – which would allow states to collect state sales taxes already owed on remote purchases from out-of-state-businesses – is about letting states set their own tax policy without asking Washington’s permission. That’s the spirit of the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and the spirit of this country.” Read more: http://tnne.ws/10nKxWS.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/17oUc5Z. Interested in receiving Senator Corker’s newsletter each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
We need to do whatever is necessary to make sure those who served their country get the care they need when they come home. Currently, Wyoming has 1,183 backlogged claims with veterans filing their first claim waiting 269 days on average. I joined more than 60 other senators today in sending a letter to President Obama urging him to take direct action to reduce the current backlog of veterans’ disability claims. Click the link below to find out more.
I am so grateful that Jack Hoffman had the opportunity to meet with President Obama in the Oval Office today, a very special memory for a remarkable young man. Learn more about my resolution to honor Team Jack and raise awareness for the thousands of children suffering from pediatric brain cancer here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/4/senate-adopts-fischer-resolution-honoring-jack-hoffman-raising-pediatric-brain-cancer-awareness
Senator Fischer visits with constituents, small businesses, and colleges in communities across Southeast Nebraska, including Nebraska City, Peru, Auburn, Falls City, Beatrice, and Crete.
Read Monday WSJournal editorial abt Congress trying to escape my amendment to ObamaCare requiring us to be in it  it relates my history here
Grassley supports Branstad’s request for federal disaster assistance
During my meeting today with General Paul Selva he assured me there are no plans to close Scott Air Force Base.
Informative meeting and great bbq at 17th Street with Congressman John Shimkus and SW Illinois Leadership Council.
Today I attended the 15th annual Congressional Prayer Breakfast along with Congressmen John Shimkus, Rodney Davis and Bill Enyart in Collinsville, Illinois. Over 600 people attended the event, along with keynote speaker Andy Benes, the former St. Louis Cardinals pitcher.
I’m pleased to hear the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce and the Wichita Independent Business Association are joining forces to foster a relationship between local business and military leaders. The partnership is called the Joint Military Affairs Committee and will hopefully help to cement McConnell Air Force Base as the home for the new U.S. Air Force’s KC-46A.
Had a great time touring the Ketchikan Medical Center today- They even let me try out the “laparoscopic arcade!”
Ne Ne’s story is one of great talent, dedication and determination.  I was impressed with all the kids at Burchell when I visited the high school, and I know this is just the beginning for Ne Ne as she rises to the top!
Had a good sit down with disability advocates in Ketchikan this afternoon.  We talked about the impact of the sequester cuts on programs for disabled Alaskans, nutritional concerns due to the high costs of fresh fruits and produce and the need for more specialists in Alaska who can treat traumatic brain injuries.
We have nearly 2,000 Alaskan veterans stuck in a backlog right now trying to get the disability benefits they’ve earned through service to our country.  Nationwide, it jumps to 600,000.  This is unacceptable and we owe it to our veterans to do something.  Today, I joined a bipartisan group of my Senators urging the White House to renew its commitment to our men and women in uniform, and find a solution to this problem.
I'm down in Ketchikan and I don't know what is more impressive - the sun is out on a gorgeous day and we've got blue skies, or the Ketchikan Ship and Drydock, where they are doing such great work.  I thank Adam Beck and Doug Ward for walking me around and letting me have a look.
My Veteran Spotlight this month is on Homer’s Jim VanOss.  Jim is a Vietnam veteran and his life story is one of an Alaskan pioneer who sees the good everywhere he can.  He came to Alaska when it was a young state, and he helped build not only our great oil pipeline, but also our agriculture industry.  Please take a moment to watch his story below.  If you have a friend, community member, or relative you believe has a story to share, e-mail me at Spotlight@murkowski.senate.gov
The Bill of Rights still needs to reign supreme. Because some terrorists will battle us here at home, doesn’t mean we want the laws of war or martial law at home.  Read my response to the Wall Street Journal on Enemy Combatants HERE: http://stream.wsj.com/story/latest-headlines/SS-2-63399/SS-2-222011/
Sen. Sessions released the following document today:
NA
Joined my colleagues in urging the President to take direct action regarding the backlog of veterans disability claims. Our veterans and their families sacrificed for us all, and we must keep our commitment to them.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2013/04/29/senators-urge-obama-to-help-resolve-veterans-claims-backlog/
Unacceptable: Pennsylvania's two regional VA offices have 23,000+ backlogged claims. Moreover, once a disability claim is considered it can take almost a year to get a resolution. I'm pleased to join Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. in asking President Obama to personally weigh in and help us ensure our veterans get the care they need – when they need it.
I'm overjoyed that we were able to help him receive the items of recognition he earned. For more than half a century, Mr. Czerviski has been an unsung hero:
Senator Wicker welcomes the Yokohama Tire Company to Mississippi.
