Was glad to be at Pease yesterday for the NH Air National Guard's Wing Commander's Call and Holiday Luncheon -- a great tradition.  Enjoyed getting to say hello to members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing and their families.
Honored to receive the “Friend of Farm Bureau” Award and speak to more than 1,500 Missouri Farm Bureau members in Osage Beach today. Thank you, and congratulations on 100 years. #MOFB100
I joined host David Goins yesterday to discuss the President's immigration executive order, lame duck session of Congress and what to expect from a Republican-led Senate in the coming year on KARK's "Capitol View" program. You can watch the interview by following this link.
It was great to meet Kelly Gole of Batesville. She developed a computer code for the Indiana State Christmas tree decoration which will be on display in front of the White House.
President Obama’s actions to change existing law and grant amnesty via executive order exceed his Constitutional authority.
OP-ED: Concerns with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s  proposed mandate to severely limit power plants emissions were heard loud and clear when I met directly with Idahoans recently in a series of town hall meetings.  The proposed rule threatens to impose significant, unnecessary costs on Idaho consumers while doing little to improve the environment.  Implementing a diversified energy plan that reduces environmental risks while improving domestic energy production is a far better course of action. #idpol  Read more here: http://goo.gl/Y0bphU
Interested to hear my thoughts on the many issues pending before the U.S. Senate? Have comments or questions? I will be hosting a statewide tele-townhall meeting on Wednesday, December 10, and encourage all Idahoans to participate. All that is needed to participate is a telephone, and callers are given the opportunity to ask me about topics regarding federal polices and legislation. To sign up to participate, click here:http://goo.gl/SYwp8a #idpol  Tele-townhall: Wednesday, December 10, 7:00 PM Mountain Time/6:00 PM Pacific Time.  Hit "like" and "share" to help spread the word.
Today, U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King participated in a wreath laying ceremony at the foot of the U.S. Capitol in honor of America’s military service members and their families who are separated during the holiday season. The event was led by the Maine State Society in conjunction with Wreaths Across America and the wreath will remain on display throughout the holidays. Both Senators delivered brief remarks during the ceremony.  “Since its inception 23 years ago, the Wreaths Across America project has become an annual tradition of placing Maine balsam fir remembrance wreaths on the graves of our fallen heroes,” said Senator Collins. “Wreaths Across America honors our departed heroes, but it does even more. It tells the Veterans still with us that we honor their service. It tells our men and women in uniform today that we are grateful for their courage and devotion to duty. It tells the families of those serving our country that they are in our thoughts and prayers. And it tells the families of the fallen that we share their grief.”
Senate Passes Cornyn, Leahy FOIA Improvement Act:
I'm pleased to team up with Sen. Cruz and my colleagues in the House on this important bipartisan effort for Texas military families:
It was a great privilege welcoming heroes from the Austin Honor Flight to the WWII Memorial this weekend.
WATCH: Obamacare creates a $3,000 incentive to hire illegal immigrants over Americans #StopObamasAmnesty
There should be no further nuclear negotiations with Iran until Pastor Saeed is home with his family. #SaveSaeed
Congratulations to Eagle Scouts Dylan Stamm and Jake Sindelar for becoming the first and only Nebraskans to earn all available Boy Scouts of America merit badges! They are certainly living up to their motto. #BePrepared
A key program to promote child health and abuse prevention among at-risk families expires in March.  Senator Grassley looks forward to working on congressional reauthorization of the Maternal, Infant and Early Childhood Visiting program.  He says:  “I’m glad to support a program that gives states the flexibility to use resources as they see fit to help young children and families who are at risk for abuse, neglect and problems down the road.  Parents who want to stop the cycle of abuse have the help they need through this program, and we all benefit from their success.” More information on Iowa’s version of the program is available here:
Lynne and I had a great time at the National Finals Rodeo in Las Vegas over the weekend. We ran into Kristi Noem and her daughter, Cassidy.
The EPA’s newest proposed regulation may become one of the most expensive mandates in the history of the EPA and also extremely difficult to fall within compliance. Read more here: http://bit.ly/1ywfHNz
The National Defense bill is critical for maintaining congressional oversight of the Obama Administration’s reckless disregard for the security of our nation and our allies. This year’s bill successfully prevents President Obama’s proposed cuts to military benefits, to include protecting commissary prices  and blocking the President’s requested higher fees for TRICARE enrollment. The legislation also prevents costly Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) as well as the President’s proposal to reduce a critical surveillance aircraft fleet, the AWAC, by 25%. I hope you will take a moment to read more here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-announces-ndaa-provisions-supporting-oklahoma
Roll Call: McConnell Plots a Functional, Bipartisan Senate
Sen. McConnell's oped from this weekend regarding #Kentucky #coal printed in the Appalachian News Express in Pikeville.
Our country lost a great man, a dedicated soldier, and an American hero when Lieutenant General Dick Seitz passed away last year. This afternoon, the U.S. House of Representatives unanimously passed my legislation to honor WWII Veteran and Kansan Lieutenant General Richard “Dick” Seitz. The legislation, which passed the U.S. Senate in January 2014, designates the Department of Veterans Affairs Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic as the “Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.” The bill will now be sent to the President’s desk for his signature.  Dick was a mentor, a friend, and someone I hold in extremely high regard. As a native Kansan who settled in Junction City following his military retirement, he never retired from serving. I’m grateful for Lieutenant General Seitz’s commitment to serving Junction City and am delighted that his country is naming this clinic in his honor.
Today is the 73rd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. More than 2,000 Americans lost their lives that day—the first of more than 400,000 who paid the ultimate sacrifice during World War II. We remember this day not only for those who perished, but also for what followed until victory over Japan in August 1945. May God bless our World War II veterans and all who have served and continue to serve in our Armed Forces.
Alaskans know that nothing compares to wild, fresh fish.  It's Mother Nature’s perfect brain food.  That's why it’s great to see Sara Pozonsky from Newhalen take on this important issue and make an interesting documentary to spread the word against farmed fish.  Here’s an interview with her, conducted at a screening at the Anchorage Film Festival.
Arctic activity is on the rise, and there are real-world steps we can take right now to be proactive and demonstrate Arctic leadership, like the U.S. Coast Guard proactively proposing this pragmatic shipping route for the region.
Central Florida News 13: Vets Appreciate Senator Rubio Outreach Event: http://youtu.be/TZHNBr55hRY
Sen. Sessions is delivering an address at Judicial Watch on the need to block executive amnesty. Watch live here:
The #ChristmasTree is up!
Imani Johnson of my #Philly office recently sat with down members of Delaware County's Women's Commission. I look forward to continuing our relationship and advancing the goals of women in Southeastern Pennsylvania.
Wicker Report | In proposing to lower the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground-level ozone, the Environmental Protection Agency is launching what could be its most expensive rulemaking to date.  According to a study done by the National Association of Manufacturers, the move would be devastating to the economy, slashing GDP by $3.4 trillion and costing 2.9 million jobs by 2040.
