VIDEO: Senator Ayotte joined Senators Collins and Murkowski on the TODAY Show this morning to discuss bipartisan efforts to resolve the government shutdown and debt ceiling crisis.
My statement on the agreement to end the government shutdown and avoid default
On my way to the Senate floor. I cannot support this Continuing Resolution/Debt Limit deal because it does nothing to solve our long-term fiscal problems.
A nation’s debt cannot for long exceed the growth of its economy. #debtcrisis
Senator Collins, Senator Lisa Murkowski and Senator Kelly Ayotte discuss bipartisan efforts to end government shutdown and avert default.
Sen. Saxby Chambliss on Senate floor explaining why we shouldn't treat terrorists as ordinary criminals or just put them on kill lists
Today's deal is a classic example of the Washington establishment selling the American people down the river. It's time to #MakeDCListen
SHARE if you're with me! #MakeDCListen
Senate leadership crafted a spending deal today, but it isn’t one I support. It’s a promise to work on our debt problem tomorrow, but the past tells us that when tomorrow comes, those who refuse to acknowledge our country’s fiscal peril will insist yet again on ignoring it. I understand that reducing spending is hard and it makes a lot of people angry, but the answer to our nation’s debt crisis is to prioritize, stop borrowing and not spend more than we have.
Today is "boss day" to honor the one u work for. I hv 3million bosses ,,, my Iowa constituents  Thanks for honor working for u  Gr8 honor
I will be on with Jerry Bader at 9:06am CT on WTAQ 1360 - please tune in!
Public-private partnerships like the Illiana Expressway project help tap private investment in public assets and address our infrastructure needs.
Here we are again.    Another unnecessary crisis. A proposal that maintains the status quo.  Very little time to read and evaluate the bill.  No time to explain it to our constituents.  This is Washington.  It is exactly the kind of thing the American people are fed up with and exactly why several of my colleagues and I began this effort to defund and delay #Obamacare back in July.  It appears that this particular fight will end much the same way Obamacare began: in a last-minute deal, negotiated in back rooms, then forced on Congress and the American people.    The Washington Establishment can’t bring itself to believe that this is why Congress has a poor approval rating – because Washington doesn’t listen to the American people.  It ignores them.  And when the American people can no longer be ignored, the administration shuts down national parks, blocks veterans from going to their own memorials, uses the IRS to target certain groups, and holds hostage critical funding for cancer research, low-income women and children, veterans’ health benefits, border security, and our National Guard.  It is shameful how Washington treats the American people and the people are right to be upset about it.  The media keeps asking, was it worth it?  My answer is that it is always worth it to do the right thing.  Fighting against an abusive government in defense of protecting our individual rights and freedoms is always the right thing.  Some say we shouldn’t have fought because we couldn’t win.  But this country wasn’t built by fighting only when victory was certain.  In fact, some of the most important victories in our history were the result of fighting battles against significant odds.  And even if victory seemed difficult or impossible, that wouldn’t excuse me or anyone else from doing the right thing.  Avoiding difficult battles is how we ended up in this mess – $17 trillion in debt, out-of-control spending, a broken entitlement system, a tax code no one understands – all because Washington is willing to act only when there is guaranteed political gain.    When the avoidance of political risk becomes our dominant motivation, only the Washington establishment wins.  And the American people lose.  Furthermore, in Washington, victories are rarely immediate and very few are permanent.  Obamacare wasn’t enacted overnight and it won’t be repealed overnight.  We must remind the American people of the harmful effects of this law at every opportunity if we are ever going to see it repealed.  The best case against Obamacare is proving to be Obamacare itself.
I answered several questions about #Obamacare, the shutdown, & what you can do to make a difference during my last tele-townhall. Here are some of the highlights:
The experience of this Utah blogger echoes many of the complaints about #Obamacare that I am receiving in my office.  Americans do not want to be forced to purchase something they can't afford from a website that doesn't work.  They do not want to entrust sensitive personal information to a technological system that is failing on every front.  Insurers are throwing their hands up in the air, because they have no idea if the registration information coming through is even valid.  If you want to #MakeDCListen and share how you have been personally impacted by Obamacare, you can go to http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
Rubio: The Real Crisis Remains: http://1.usa.gov/19Rel7c  Rubio: “As for ObamaCare, it too will be judged harshly by history. And that is why I am personally so disappointed that we were not able to achieve any meaningful changes to it. But this fight is not over. It has really only just begun. For in the months to come, millions of Americans will begin to confront the costs and the consequences of this law.”
Senator Rubio Introduces Senate Resolution Calling For Additional Sanctions On Iran: http://1.usa.gov/19JpWTS
Senator Rubio Statement On Senate Debt Deal  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement on the Senate debt deal:  “This debate has never been about whether to have an open federal government, but about whether we are going to fix it so that it stops spending more money than it takes in.  To save the American Dream, we need decisive action to create millions of middle class jobs and stop Washington politicians from wasting taxpayers’ money on a government we can’t afford.   “I cannot support this deal because it postpones any significant action on pro-growth and spending reforms and does nothing to provide working class Americans even one shred of relief from ObamaCare’s harmful effects.   “Until we tackle the real threats to the American Dream, we are going to continue finding ourselves in these kinds of messes.  America is better than this, and the American people deserve better.”
U.S. Senator Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) today voted against increasing America’s debt burden because the legislation does nothing whatsoever to address the overspending problem that has caused our debt to mount.  “The one major redeeming aspect of this bill is that it reopens the government,” said Senator Toomey.  “I disagreed with the plan to make funding the government contingent on defunding Obamacare and I am glad this bill will get the shutdown behind us.  But I cannot support piling hundreds of billions of dollars of debt on current and future generations of Americans without even a sliver of reform to start putting our fiscal house in order.”
