As we face evil in our own time, we remember the evils we defeated in the past.
NA
Graham today addressed the 136th General Conference & Exhibition of the National Guard Association of the United States.
I'm honored to speak at Kenai's Industry Appreciation Day... to acknowledge and thank our local industries for the contributions that they make to our lives.
Please join us for an Ellis County town hall meeting in Hays on August 28 at 3:00 pm at Thirsty's, 2704 Vine Street.
Sen.  Sessions recently visited Jasper to talk about the challenges facing America.  Here are some excerpts from his remarks as reported by the Daily Mountain Eagle:    “'I think the average working American is not happy. They feel an erosion of their financial well-being. They’re worried about their children being able to find a job because they’re going to college and graduating, and they still don’t have jobs,' Sessions said during a gathering of local Republicans in Jasper Wednesday morning.  "Sessions cited a recent report by the United States Conference of Mayors that the average wages for workers in the manufacturing and construction sectors are down 23 percent since the 2008 recession.  "Sessions said Republicans need to defend American workers from an influx of foreign labor.  "He added that he does not support allowing more high-skilled guest workers to enter the U.S., a plan advocated by entrepreneurs Bill Gates, Warren Buffet and Sheldon Adelson in a recent New York Times op-ed.  "'We need to get our people working, off of welfare and into jobs with decent wages that are going up instead of going down,' Sessions said...  "Sessions also expressed concerns about Chinese trade practices that were highlighted in a recent National Review cover story.  "'Our trading partners are cheating us — manipulating currency, stealing our technology, cheating us day after day,' Sessions said. 'They say if we stand up and fight, then it will cause a trade war, but we’re already in a trade war. We’re just not fighting.'”  
