With my good friend, @SenatorRisch, at the @INL earlier today. #idpol
A nice editorial in today's Foster's Daily Democrat. "Sen. Collins: An honor well-deserved"
The United States should insist Maria Corina Machado and voices for Venezuelan freedom get a megaphone -- not muffled in the Organization of American States. #SOSVenezuela
Sunday, March 23, marks four years since Obamacare was forced on the American people. That’s four years of broken promises. Four years of higher health care costs, higher premiums, and endless delays for the most unpopular, unworkable parts of this law. More government, more bureaucracy, more red tape isn’t bringing health care costs down or expanding access to care. I have offered up a number of ideas for real health care reform and I applaud my colleagues in the Senate who have their own health care reform ideas as well.
Turks have been tweeting 17000 times a minute since the govt tried shutdown tweeting The PrimeMinister shld learn TWITTER WINS
Twitter in Turkey is winning  The govt attempts to shut down Users tap private servers out-of-country to circumvent blackout TWITTER wins
It was two years ago today that President Obama made a bold decision to visit Oklahoma where he promised that his administration would ‘cut through the red tape’ to advance domestic oil production. The southern leg of the Keystone pipeline may be built, but it didn’t require the approval of the President. The pipeline that begins in Cushing, Okla., is the result of thousands of hardworking Americans and roughly 50 innovative U.S. manufacturers and companies. Red tape still exists because the President continues to stall approval on Keystone's final leg, despite even his own Administration saying that the pipeline will have little impact on climate change.
I was asked this question in my last tele-townhall: "We tell you what we're concerned about, but we want to know what you're concerned about?"    My response is that we have lost sight of the Constitution's single most important feature.
Good luck to the Dayton Flyers tonight! Ohio is rooting for you. #MarchMadness #FlyerNation
Wichita State Shockers Men's Basketball with a commanding win! Making all of Kansas proud.
