NA
Another day, another delay.  #stillbroken    
On Saturday, I delivered the weekly GOP address, with a focus on veterans. All over our nation military veterans are going about their lives with the expectation that their sacrifices will be honored and their service will be reciprocated by the government and the people they ably served. It is up to us to make sure our promise to them is kept. 
It was great meeting with Arkansans who represent the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America. We appreciate the honor of The Congressional Leadership Award and will continue to work to build drug-free communities.
The Obama Administration announced today that it is delaying the Obamacare employer mandate for medium sized employers. While this may be a temporary break for employers, middle class families will still be forced to prove they have expensive, government mandated insurance. After all the waivers and delays, Americans continue to ask - "what about me?" It’s time to eliminate the individual mandate. 
Today I joined with all Republican Senators in sending a letter to President Obama urging him to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. This project will create jobs and promote American energy independence. In our letter we said, “There is no question that Canada will develop these resources. The only question is whether the oil will be sold to the United States or to our economic competitors abroad. Rejecting the Keystone pipeline will cost thousands of American jobs and prevent our country from accessing a large supply of North American energy.”   http://www.coats.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/coats-senate-republicans-urge-president-to-approve-keystone-xl-pipeline 
Members of my staff will be in Poseyville, Kendallville, Evansville, LaGrange, Warsaw, and Columbia City this week to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. Details and times below:  Wednesday, February 12   Time: 12:00 p.m. – 1:00 p.m. CST Location: Poseyville Town Hall: 38 W. Main Street, Poseyville  Thursday, February 13  Time: 9:30 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. EST Location: Kendallville Public Library: 221 S Park Avenue, Kendallville  Time: 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. CST Location: Office of Senator Dan Coats: 101 MLK, Jr. Boulevard, Evansville  Time: 2:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. EST Location: Lagrange County Library: 203 W. Spring Street, LaGrange  Friday, February 14  Time: 9:30 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. EST Location: Warsaw Community Public Library: 310 E. Main Street, Warsaw  Time: 2:30 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. EST Location: Peabody Public Library: 1160 E. Highway 205, Columbia City
It was great to sit down recently with Indiana Wesleyan University President Dr. David Wright to discuss IWU’s ongoing initiatives
Weekly Op-Ed: Last week, I joined a bipartisan majority in the U.S. Senate and voted to approve the House-passed Agricultural Act of 2014 conference report, known as the Farm Bill.  This legislation is imperfect, as it could have better addressed spending concerns and costly permitting, labeling and inspection requirements.  However, overall, the legislation will reduce the deficit and help Idaho’s agriculture and forest industries continue to provide a safe and abundant food supply and forest products.  The Farm Bill consolidates conservation programs, slashes $23 billion in federal spending by ending direct payments and streamlines other duplicative federal programs.   Unfortunately, an opportunity was missed to enact more reforms that extend to the bottom-line spending.  Thanks to the hard work of the forest and timber industry along with farmers and ranchers, Idaho products are growing in importance throughout the Pacific Northwest and competing in a global economy. 
http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsReleases&ContentRecord_id=22a3d1bd-b23a-40be-a6c8-441f70f9c754
Cornyn Video: National Debt is Gambling With Our Future:
We have an American Energy Renaissance blossoming right in front of us, yet this Administration is consistently acting to stifle it.
Thoughts and prayers to the family and friends of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry, whose killer was just was sentenced to 30 years.   To date, there’s been very little accountability at the Department of Justice for the botched #FastandFurious operation that led to Terry's death.
If President Obama likes his health care law, why won't he keep it? #FullRepeal
We stand at the edge of an energy revolution that could sweep the nation, providing an untold number of new opportunities and well-paying jobs. There is only one thing that will stop us from embracing it to its full potential: the federal government.
The Las Vegas Review-Journal on bipartisan opposition to Obamacare: "unions are feeling a killer case of buyer’s remorse.” #FullRepeal
In order to stop Congress from passing bills with countless unrelated measures, Senator John Barrasso and I are taking a page from the Wyoming Legislature’s handbook. We introduced a bill recently which would require any legislation considered by the Senate to be limited to a single issue, the same rule the Wyoming Legislature is required to follow when drafting legislation. I learned in the Wyoming Legislature that one topic per bill is how you get things done. It means understandable and manageable bills. By following this example, we can inject a little common sense into Congress and curb the culture of deal-making.
As a proud alumni of the Nebraska LEAD program, I was pleased to welcome the Nebraska LEAD class 33 this afternoon in Washington as they continue their education in agricultural leadership.
Health information technologies, like mobile well-being apps, are advancing quickly. Today I introduced the PROTECT Act to make sure overregulation doesn't stifle innovation and job creation in this thriving health technology industry. Health IT has the potential to create thousands of good-paying jobs, help millions of people, and improve care. The PROTECT Act is a commonsense way we can provide the industry certainty and promote these opportunities for growth – all while protecting patient safety.
NA
Go Team USA!  North Dakota's Monique and Jocelyne Lamoureux lead the Women's Hockey team to another win!  We're very proud to have Monique and Jocelyne represent our state, and we wish them, as them and the entire Team USA, good luck as they continue competing in Sochi.
This year’s flood risks in the Fargo-Moorhead area reflect the continued need for permanent flood protection, which is why I continue to press the Corps and the Administration for the funding necessary to ensure permanent flood protection. I believe we’ll get an amount similar to the fund the Corps allocated last year, which is good for the families and businesses in the Fargo-Moorhead area who have repeatedly mounted a flood fight during the past several years. It should be clear to everyone that we cannot afford to delay funding this important project.
Are you following the #IL Olympians in #Sochi2014? Read up on the 11 men and women competing here:   http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
Good luck to #IL athlete Brian Hansen as he competes in the 500M speedskating event tomorrow   More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to #IL athlete Kendall Coyne & Team USA Women's Hockey against Switzerland tomorrow.  More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to #IL athlete Shani Davis as he goes for gold tomorrow in the 500M speedskating race   More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to #IL athlete Ann Swisshelm as Team USA curling begins play tomorrow.   More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to #IL athlete Megan Bozek & Team USA Women's Hockey against Switzerland tomorrow   More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Starting now, you can watch my remarks at The Heritage Foundation's #ConservativePolicySummit.  I will be discussing my higher education reform bill: 
I highly recommend tuning into the The Heritage Foundation's 2014 Conservative Policy Summit.  It will be streaming all day today.  Representative Matt Salmon will be speaking about electronic communications privacy.  Jim Jordan will speak about welfare reform.  Senator Ted Cruz will discuss energy.  Tim Scott and I will discuss education reform.  Congressman Tom Graves will discuss transportation policy.  You can also hear from Represenatives Price, Roe, Hensarling, and Labrador as they discuss healthcare, housing, taxes, and religious freedom.
Today, we heard news of yet another Obamacare delay of the employer mandate, but the President continues to ignore the reality of how damaging Obamacare is for American individuals and families. This Administration can’t delay away the devastating effects of his law. Following the report last week from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office confirming that his signature legislative accomplishment is causing even more damage to our economy than previously forecasted, the President is again acting without Congress to unilaterally change the law in order to give Democrats political cover in an election season.    Obamacare’s problems run much deeper than a poorly-functioning website and badly-executed implementation. The true issue is the flawed underlying basis for the provisions of the law: the idea that the government must determine what coverage is acceptable for Americans, regardless of what Americans want for themselves. I believe the entire law should be repealed to protect individuals, families and businesses from the disasters created by Obamacare. We must replace it with practical reforms that are workable and will actually reduce health care costs.
Congratulations to Allen Moore- who just this morning won the Yukon Quest International Sled Dog Race at 3:12 am Alaska Time. Way to go! 
Jane and I visited the 3rd grade class at Alliance Academy in Cincinnati today to promote Teach For America.
Latest news is yet another sign Obamacare is a jobs killer. We must delay for individuals, then repeal and replace. 
In case you missed it- On Sunday, I joined Jeremy Peters of the New York Times and Stephen Dinan of the Washington Times on C-SPAN’s News Makers.  Click here to watch the interview in its entirety:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=602RQ_wA9lI
Next Monday, February 17, I will join KY Agriculture Commissioner James Comer in Knott County for a special announcement for Eastern Kentucky. I hope you can make it -- check out the details and RSVP to the KY Department of Agriculture.  We'll be making several other stops in Eastern Kentucky next week. Info coming soon!
The Obama Administration issued another delay for the President’s legacy program today.  Where is the delay for American families?   http://1.usa.gov/1lYmrDl
Senator Rubio Proposes Ideas For Higher Education Reform At Miami-Dade College:   Rubio: "For millions of Americans trapped in low-paying jobs or at risk of dropping out of school, higher education may be the only way they will ever be able to move to a better paying job. What they need is more affordable degrees or career education options that are tailored to their specific needs and talents." 
Sen. Sessions: “[These unilateral changes are] a very great threat to the United States of America and our constitutional order. Under the law, the President is required to execute, carry out, and enforce laws passed by Congress. He doesn’t get to make laws.”
NA
Speaking about the importance of school choice at the Heritage Conservative Policy Summit. All our kids should have the opportunity to succeed.
NA
Nancy Gudino, from my staff, attended the kick-off ceremony celebrating National Salute to Veteran Patients week at the Wilkes-Barre VA Medical Center. Let’s all remember to take time to pay tribute and thank our veterans for their service!
At FOP Lodge 5, I held a press conference opposing the nomination of Debo Adegbile to the Justice Department. His team spread misinformation about the murder of Philadelphia police officer Danny Faulkner and proclaimed the innocence of convicted cop-killer Abu-Jamal.
Go get ‘em @summerbritcher competing this morning for @USA_Luge and #teamUSA http://tinyurl.com/nu5tz6t
Today, I voted to proceed with legislation to repeal $6 billion in cost-of-living cuts to current and future military retirees. The current bill does not pay for the reinstatement of the funds, but I am hopeful Senators will have the opportunity to offer amendments to find suitable savings elsewhere in the budget. We can rectify the wrong done to our military retirees and protect taxpayers by not adding to our nation’s sea of debt.
Sen. Cochran and I are calling on Barack Obama to address America's propane shortage.
Wicker Report | The President’s unilateral action poses a serious threat to the separation of powers enshrined in our Constitution.  America’s founding document grants “all legislative powers” to Congress and directs the President to “take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.”  Governing by executive order, as President Obama has vowed to do, not only defies the law but sets a dangerous precedent for future administrations. 
