Yesterday marked the five-year anniversary of President Obama’s “stimulus” plan, which Sen. Alexander said “was nothing more than a spending bill that contributed to our skyrocketing debt.”  LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Alexander that a better alternative “would have been to get Washington out of the way and liberate our free enterprise system to create more good jobs.” http://1.usa.gov/1jOOcw9
Happy Presidents Day, in honor of George Washington, who understood the need for limits on executive power.
Senator Ayotte was joined today by leaders from New Hampshire's veterans and military service organizations at VFW Post 8641 in Merrimack to discuss successful efforts she led in Washington to restore military retirees' pension benefits.
Five years after President Obama signed his stimulus plan into law, nearly 1 in 4 Americans mention jobs and unemployment as the most important problems facing the country today. Job seekers don't need more government intervention from Washington - they need the opportunity to succeed. President Obama must get serious about working together to pass pro-growth policies to help put more people back to work.
Stopped by Baptist Health Medical Center in Arkadelphia this morning to talk with administrators healthcare issues facing patients, physicians and hospitals.
We appreciate the tour of Jefferson Regional Medical Center during our visit to Pine Bluff yesterday. We're back at it today with early morning meetings in Arkadelphia.
Yesterday marked the five year anniversary of President Obama’s $800 billion stimulus package. In terms of labor participation and addressing unemployment, his so-called “boost to our economy” has failed to meet expectations. The president said he wants to make 2014 “a year of action,” and I agree with this sentiment. He can start by supporting two initiatives that currently have bipartisan backing in Congress: repealing the medical device tax and approving the Keystone XL pipeline. These provisions will create jobs, encourage energy independence, and promote medical research and development.  http://www.jconline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=2014302150013 
Spoke to both the Idaho House and Idaho Senate chambers this morning. Saw many friends and appreciate the hard work our legislators are doing.
Thanks to Kevin Miller for having me in-studio on @580KIDO this morning. Look forward to being back soon! #idpol
NA
Cornyn: CBO Minimum Wage Estimate Reconfirms President’s Big-Government Experiment A Job-Killer: 
NA
NA
Welcome support from Hollywood to #SaveSaeed Abedini and Kenneth Bae.
Jobs are a top priority for Americans and President Obama's mandated wage hike will cost hundreds of thousands of them. #MakeDCListen
A proposed rule change could allow the IRS to limit the free speech of the very same groups it illegally targeted.  They're taking comments through Feb. 27. Add yours: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
Five years after the stimulus, Americans say unemployment remains our top challenge.   It. Didn't. Work.
Many Americans are realizing President Obama’s health care promises were nothing more than slick salesmanship of his health care law. It may pay to go back and look closer at what happened at Obamacare’s beginning and ideas like health insurance portability across state lines, market-based consumer choice flexibility, medical liability reforms and more that he and those in control of Washington rejected. Click below and visit this new webpage to view the story of Obamacare as seen through my eyes.  It’s a timeline of what I did every step of the way and continue to do. I’m not giving up. People need real alternatives to the inoperable, complex, government-centered health care system that has been forced upon this country.
As President Obama and the majority in the Senate look to change the subject from the failures of Obamacare, they are now calling for Congress to raise the federal minimum-wage to $10.10 an hour. A new report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released this afternoon states that the proposed minimum-wage increase could result in 500,000 fewer jobs. Higher prices and less jobs are not what the country needs. Congress should be looking to lower unemployment, not raise it.
“Rather than evoking confidence and fairness in our nation's tax administration, the proposal regarding political activity suggests the agency's attack on social welfare organizations because of their political views is alive and well.”
Great to be in Kearney today for the Nebraska Cattlemen’s Classic Lunch. Thanks to all the livestock producers who took time to speak with me about many of the issues affecting the industry and their operations.
Stellar Industries, Garner, Tour/Q&A-57 ppl.Topics-highways, EPA, KeystonePipeline, Benghazi, Obamacare, immig, MinWage, NSA, debt, FarmBill
Q&A w/ 73 clients, employees&public at Exceptional Opportunities in Burt-Topics-ADA reassessment, unemployment,regulation overload, Medicaid
Forest City Rotary Q&A-76 people Topics-DebtCeiling, energizing young ppl 2 pay attn 2 govt, Syria, ethanol, CyberAttacks, FarmBill, propane
Eagle Grove HS-34 students/teachers-Topics-marijuana, Obamacare, immigration, Debt Limit, Farm Bill, Iran, Keystone XL pipeline
He did it! Reno's David Wise wins gold! #Sochi2014 #TeamUSA #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Having a productive meeting today in Grafton to help advance a flood protection plan for the city.
We’re meeting today to help provide peace of mind for the people of Grafton and reduce the costs and risks they currently face. It was clear that after meeting with Mayor West and city officials that we needed to bring together all the stakeholders to build a plan and bring it into action. The residents of this city have worked hard to protect their community, and they deserve a long-term solution.
Clean and abundant water for both residential and business uses is fundamental to any community, which is why the work you do across North Dakota to improve the quality of our rural water supply is so important. I remain committed to working on the Senate Appropriations Committee and with your organization to see that the federal government is pulling with you to ensure that that the water needs of rural North Dakota continue to be met. 
This morning I had a great visit with Fargo's Ben Franklin middle schoolers. I joined Google to put on a presentation about Internet safety.  Check out Google's five key tips for safe and secure web use.
The Internet has opened our access to the world in exciting and unprecedented ways. This is a good thing, enabling Americans – and especially our students – to become more informed and better educated. While increased access to the web is important and beneficial, we have a responsibility to make sure students have the knowledge needed to use the Internet in a safe way. Programs like Google’s Roadshow serve as valuable resources to help students get the most out of online resources while staying out of danger.
It’s hard to believe the President is going to ask for a new $1 billion climate fund from Congress when he’s already prioritized a substantial portion of the normal government budget around climate change initiatives.  According to the Congressional Research Service, the President has spent $120 billion on climate related activities since 2009.  If the President couldn't get cap-and-trade through, then there is no chance Congress is going to approve this latest request. He knows this.   The President's alarmist base has been upset lately with pro-energy reports coming out of his Administration, such as the State Department's report that approving the Keystone Pipeline will not impact the climate. Simply making this ask of Congress will help the President appease his climate base again and help his Organizing for Action continue to raise funds.  http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-obama-20140215,0,1907094.story#axzz2th2kTwMK
Staff Update: Senator Inhofe spent the morning at Pauls Valley Chamber of Commerce providing a Washington update and taking questions from constituents. Next stop, Elgin, Oklahoma where he will be visiting the site where BAE broke ground in January.
Be sure to tune in!
Senator Johnson spent President’s Day visiting the Milwaukee area – check out some of the highlights!
On February 18th, Senator Johnson visited Wayland Academy and Mayville High School. He also held public town halls in Fond du Lac and Appleton.
Good luck to Aja Evans during day 2 of the women's bobsled tomorrow.    Follow all the #Illinois athletes in #Sochi2014: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
As talks with Iran resume, let's look at the facts. Iran is declaring it won't dismantle its nuclear infrastructure, advancing its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, and continuing its human rights abuses. Meanwhile, the sanctions regime against Iran is unraveling.
Good luck to #IL Speedskater Emery Lehman in his last #Sochi2014 event tomorrow. http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Potential movement towards securing the release of captured U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 
Visiting the professionals at United Human Services of Southeast, where they are working to provide important medical care and support to Alaskans.
Catching up with the Juneau Rotary, who are doing tremendous work in the community to boost literacy!
Speaking to the eighth graders at Dzantik'i Heeni middle school in Juneau. I love catching up with students across the state!
Visited Bluegrass Farms in Fayette County yesterday. Will continue my efforts in the Senate to support Ohio's #1 industry.
Around Kentucky
Thanks to the staff at the Ashland Health Center for the visit yesterday. Critical Access Hospitals are an important part of our rural health care system. We discussed challenges to rural health care and especially to Critical Access Hospitals from Obamacare. I am working on legislation that will help.
It has been 5 years since the Obama Administration and Democrats  passed the nearly $800 billion stimulus. I voted against the stimulus because it was not going to create jobs and was spending we could not afford. I am sad to say I was right. Millions of Americans have given up looking for work. The economy is stuck with slow growth and Obamacare is further reducing job creation. And now the Administration is attempting to do a victory lap. They ignore real job creating efforts like the Keystone Pipeline, or scrapping and replacing Obamacare. Maybe they should look to Kansas and see what our state is doing right. 
Always a pleasure to visit with the students at Dodge City Community College. These kids are doing great work and Kansas' future is bright in their hands.
Thanks to the folks at Victory Electric in Dodge City for the opportunity to see your operation firsthand and for taking the time to tell me about issues facing your industry.
Enjoyed the Greenville Warriors game this past weekend!  Happy belated birthday to Greenville Mayor Knox White.
Barack Obama in 2008: We need to end abuse of executive orders! Barack Obama in 2014: I've got a phone and a pen! 
ICYMI: Here's my interview with Bill Hemmer this morning on Fox News on how Obamacare is killing American jobs.
ICYMI: I was on Morning Joe this morning talking about military pensions.
Wicker Report | Republicans had an answer ready when President Obama recently implied they lacked a viable alternative to his health-care law. Amid growing public disapproval with Obamacare, the President challenged Republicans to “tell America what you’d do differently.” A recently introduced proposal from Republican Senator Richard Burr (N.C.), Sen. Tom Coburn (Okla.), and Sen. Orrin Hatch (Utah) does just that. Building on market-driven reforms that Republicans have supported for years, the plan offers workable strategies to lower health-care costs, expand choices, and empower patients.
Krauthammer: "In the traditional opportunity society, government provides the tools — education, training and various incentives — to achieve the dignity of work and its promise of self-improvement and social mobility. In the new opportunity society, you are given the opportunity for idleness while living parasitically off everyone else."
Looking forward to joining Bill Hemmer on Fox News' "America's Newsroom" at approximately 8:08am CT to discuss #Obamacare's war on jobs.
