Today Sen. Alexander, along with senior Republicans on the U.S. Senate and House health policy committees and subcommittees, pressed the White House to release data it has collected on health insurance premiums in 34 states, after the administration released a report last week highlighting premium information in just 11 states. The members wrote a letter, saying, in part: “We believe it is essential that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) provide transparent pricing as soon as possible for the millions of Americans who will be impacted by this law…Delaying the release of premium information until September will only serve to limit the amount of time individuals and families have to budget for the substantially higher insurance costs many will face…We are equally concerned about the potential impact of premium increases on small businesses. A recent poll of small businesses found that 41 percent have frozen hiring because of the health care law while 19 percent said they had reduced their number of employees because of the law.” http://1.usa.gov/1bXGx9d
Today I sent a letter to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius asking the agency to make public the remaining information about insurance premiums, so Americans can plan ahead for their health care costs next year.   Click below to read more.
Restaurant owners are reducing workers’ hours to avoid costly #ObamaCare fees. Who is this law helping?  http://goo.gl/aRLq8v
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: Reports of workers losing hours and pay due to Obamacare mandates are among the many problems with this law.  Obamacare subjects employers with at least 50 full-time equivalent (FTE) employees to penalties for not providing health insurance or for providing health insurance that does not meet certain criteria.  Recent reports indicate that many employers are decreasing the number of full-time employees or adjusting hours to reduce or eliminate their potential health care mandate penalties.  A U.S. Chamber of Commerce study indicates that Obamacare continues to be an impediment to economic growth.  The goal of health care reform was to increase access to quality health care, not reduce wages that could decrease the ability of families to afford health care.
Happy Birthday Senator Dole!
Senator Collins visited the Northern Aroostook Regional Airport in Frenchville this past weekend as it unveiled a new hangar.  Watch WAGM's story:
Cornyn, Cruz Announce Application Process for Texas Judgeships Invite Qualified Attorneys to Seek Appointment for Vacancies in Southern, Eastern, Western Districts WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) today announced that they are accepting applications for six judicial vacancies in Texas. The Senators have established a bipartisan panel of leading attorneys in Texas to help identify the most qualified candidates to fill these vacancies. This panel, known as the Federal Judicial Evaluation Committee, will review applications, interview candidates, and make recommendations to the Senators. The vacancies are in the Southern (Houston, Corpus Christi, Brownsville), Eastern (Sherman, Texarkana) and Western (San Antonio) Districts.
Cornyn, Cruz Announce Application Process for Texas Judgeships:
KXXV: Cornyn Calls VA Claim Backlogs 'National Disgrace'
Happy Birthday, Bob Dole: from Playbook - ROBERT JOSEPH DOLE was born 90 years ago today in Russell, Kan . He earned two Purple Hearts, then became a Kansas House member, Russell County attorney, U.S. House member, senator, Senate majority leader, Senate's longest serving Republican leader, RNC chairman, presidential nominee, champion of the Americans with Disabilities Act. President Clinton, awarding Leader Dole the Presidential Medal of Freedom, in the East Room in 1997: "one of our nation's most distinguished World War II veterans, who has spent the last 50 years of his life building America ... [D]uring a fierce fight in Italy's Po Valley, Second Lieutenant Bob Dole was going to the aid of a fallen comrade when a shell struck him down. He would bear the burden of that terrible injury from that day forward. His recuperation was long and uncertain. Yet Senator Dole turned adversity to advantage, and pain to public service."
Stew says: "The President gave his first economic speech at Knox College in June 2005. At the time, the unemployment rate was at 5 percent with 7.5 million unemployed (BLS). When he gives his latest economic speech there on Wednesday, it will be with an unemployment rate of 7.6 percent and 11.8 million Americans unemployed (BLS)."
As the nation starts to implement Obamacare, more and more Americans are standing up against it -- are you one of them?  SHARE if you agree we must Defund Obamacare now!
Advice to my grandkids: Learn from the mistakes you make, but more importantly, learn from the mistakes of others.
The president’s energy tax plan he proposed last month is bad news for Nebraskans. The bottom line is more regulations and higher costs for middle class families, who are already over-taxed and over-regulated. I have cosponsored legislation that requires the president to submit his new energy tax proposal for a vote in Congress, rather than enacting it through executive fiat. The American people have a right to have their voices heard, and that means having their elected representatives weigh in.
I look forward to speaking at the Christians United for Israel (CUFI) Summit in Washington tomorrow.  Our bond with Israel is deep.  Israel is our best ally in the Mideast and probably as good an ally as we have anywhere in the world.
Happy birthday to Bob Dole Outstanding senator, war vet and friend.
SO.. Obama will speak abt jobs. Abt time. After job killing taxes ObamaCare over regulation largest deficits in history
SO... Finally this week Obama is going speak abt jobs and economy not guns and immigration. Finally speak abt issue most people60pc want
Japanese on issue of defense"China's aggressive and US is already weak" so Japan must revise Constitution IT IS SAD PEOPLE ABROAD C US WEAK
Rep Joe Heck's leadership on the #ThreeKidsMine issue has been a tremendous help, and I am pleased the House passed a bill that will finally allow the site to be reclaimed. This legislation will not only improve safety around the toxic mine site, it will also create jobs and spur economic development. Passing the bill today will help provide momentum for next week’s hearing and I look forward to the bill becoming law.  Learn more about the #ThreeKidsMine here: http://1.usa.gov/12ZFliq
Hobby Lobby received a temporary exemption Friday from the new federal health care law’s mandate that requires employers provide abortion-inducing drugs and emergency contraceptives as a part of their insurance coverage. The Green family allows their Christian faith to impact every way they run their business. Forcing the owners of a private company to violate some of their deepest held religious beliefs about the value of life is unconstitutional and would be a severe infringement on their religious liberty. I am glad to see that U.S. District Judge Joe Heaton saw the weight of this important issue and extended the exemption for further review. http://bit.ly/119OtQc
Wishing Bob Dole a very happy 90th Birthday today.
Proud to work with U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, Congressman Mike Quigley, Congressman Aaron Schock and Congressman Dan Lipinski, to help our #Polish allies. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=818
 
 Please share and comment below.
It’s taken a while for Americans to realize that their emails are not private. The government can gain access to them without warrants after they reach the age of 180 days. And that’s a problem. Senator Leahy and I are trying to fix that with a broad bipartisan effort to fix this and to bring our law back into conformity with the times.
Those of us in Congress who recognize that ObamaCare has serious problems need to put our money where our mouth is and say we are not going to fund it.
In the past four years, the number of claims pending for more than a year skyrocketed — despite administration promises to deal with the problem, attempts to modernize the VA’s claims system and a 40 percent increase in the VA’s budget, said McConnell, a frequent Obama critic on a range of issues.  “I have personally advocated, and will continue to advocate, the president himself to take direct action and involvement to end the VA backlog,” McConnell said.
Sen. McConnell addresses #veterans at VFW National Convention in #Louisville, #Kentucky. instagram.com/p/cEkAzFvFEy/
As Kansans continue to cope with a less than ideal amount of rainfall, I met with Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Director Adrian Polansky to discuss farmers and ranchers’ much-needed access to Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres. Due to the ongoing drought, FSA is opening up CRP acres to allow cattle producers access to haying and grazing. If you have questions regarding eligibility or access, click the link below to contact your county FSA office. I am committed to making certain farmers and ranchers are provided with additional forage resources during this challenging time.
 
 http://1.usa.gov/OYw9kb
As we pay tribute to Senator Bob Dole on his 90th birthday, I encourage you to watch this video that was created to help him celebrate. The video was coordinated by the Bipartisan Policy Center—the think tank that Senator Dole cofounded. About four minutes in, you can see Senator Pat Roberts and I wish him a happy birthday on behalf of all Kansans.
Today, we honored the life of Lieutenant General Richard Seitz at St. Xavier's in Junction City. He lived a life of service to his country and its citizens. To learn more about Lt. Gen. Seitz, view the remarks I gave on the U.S. Senate Floor as a tribute to him.
It’s an honor to wish Sen. Dole a happy birthday today. Americans know the sacrifice Sen. Dole made on their behalf during WWII, and every Kansan knows that he’s been there for us every day since. God bless Sen. Dole — a true role model for us all.
Alaska is the “tip of the spear” of our nation’s defense- the first line of keeping all Americans safe.  I've been taking every opportunity to remind those who keep the military books this, and I am proud to represent Alaska tomorrow morning during a special Commission on the Structure of the Air Force.  I’ll tell the Pentagon that it should not be considering any Alaskan actions that hinder the nation’s defense.
Instead of giving speeches about jobs, there is plenty President Obama can do to spur job growth now -- start with repealing ObamaCare.
In just a few moments, I will be speaking at the Veterans of Foreign Wars 144th National Convention in Louisville.  Click the link below to tune in: http://www.vfw.org/livestream/
Happy 90th Birthday Senator Dole! Here is my take on the great man and what it is like to see him at the World War II Memorial, a monument that would not be there if it weren't for him.
Shelby Red Snapper Legislation Advances in Senate:  Fishing is a way of life for folks on Mobile and Baldwin County coasts. The marinas off Dauphin Island and the public boat launches can be called home for many fisherman. Senator Shelby is working to protect the liveblood of their local economy in Washington. He co-authored a fish-count proposal to direct the NOAA to use scientific data to determine real-time assessments, rather than overly conservative estimates, when determining the status of fishing populations.   http://www.tallahassee.com/article/20130719/NEWS01/307190023/Bill-calls-real-time-fish-counts-Senate-measure-could-ease-catch-limits-Gulf
NA
I talked with WLTX in Columbia about #SouthCarolina's second largest health insurer leaving the state because of #Obamacare.   http://www.wltx.com/news/story.aspx?storyid=243131
July 22, 2013
"I understand the importance of regulations and clean air," said technician David Donaldson, 45. "But ask Obama this -- what good is green energy to me if I can't support my family?"
Nicholas Amoroso, Ph.D., fills me in on some of the great research he conducts at the McGowan Institute for Regenerative Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh. Thanks for showing me around the lab and keep up the great work.
More broken promises. Under the president's health care law, the American people might not get to keep their doctor:
Happy 90th birthday to Bob Dole. A World War II veteran (2 Purple Hearts) and congressman and senator from Kansas, he still greets veterans for the Honor Flight Network:
Good to be on Morning Joe with Joe and Mika.
Doctors are in the dark about the president's health care law:
WICKER REPORT | The latest jobs report is a glaring reminder that these promises have yet to bear much fruit. Unemployment has stalled at a disappointing 7.6 percent nationally and is still above 9 percent in Mississippi.  Add to that the number of workers who are underemployed, and the national rate nearly doubles – encompassing some 20 million Americans.  Read more by clicking the link below.
