Today, Senator Alexander received the National Federation of Independent Business’s “Guardian Award” for his leadership and dedication to standing up for small businesses.  “One of my primary concerns in the Senate is our country’s top job creators – small businesses – and what Congress can do to help them put people back to work. I’m honored to receive this award from the NFIB, and it is one more confirmation that the best thing Congress can do to defend small businesses is keep their taxes low, cut red tape, and get the government out of their way so they can create good-paying jobs.” – Senator Lamar Alexander
Tune in. I'll be joining KASU Public Radio in about 5 minutess to discuss some of the issues we're debating in Congress. 
Tonight I voted in favor of a continuing resolution that funds the federal government until December 11, 2014, and authorizes the arming and training of Syrian rebels to fight ISIS.  It is a disservice to the American people that the Senate did not individually vote on the items included in this resolution. Several significant proposals – including funding for the federal government and authorizing President Obama to train moderate rebels in Syria – should have been debated and voted on separately.   The president recently defined the threat ISIS poses to the United States, and he laid out the goal of defeating and dismantling these extremists. I support him in this effort, but going forward the president must lay out a much better strategy for defeating ISIS. Training a few thousand Syrian rebels is not an adequate response to the challenge America faces. This resolution only gives the administration authority through December 11, and without great clarity from the president over the next ten weeks, I am reluctant to offer further support.
NA
Happy 67th birthday to our United States Air Force
NA
NA
In March 2013, federal banking regulators, led by the Department of Justice, began an operation to prevent fraud in the payments system.  This effort, known as Operation Choke Point, has morphed into an attempt to shut down entire industries of law-abiding and legitimate merchants.   I’m concerned that financial institutions are facing unrealistic regulatory expectations as a result of this operation.  It has already negatively impacted at least two small Idaho businesses that have come to me, and a number of community banks, that do not know how to react to this operation and they end up retrenching very radically. . . Apparently firearms and ammunition are not politically favored at this point through this operation.  Totally legitimate businesses are finding it hard to find access to financing as a result of this very confusing regulatory system that we’re facing.
Cornyn Praises Reauthorization of the Debbie Smith Act: 
Senate Committee Approves Cornyn’s Justice For Victims Of Trafficking Act:
Senator Corker was proud to receive the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) Small Business Award today for his strong small business voting record in the 113th Congress.
Today we celebrate 67 years of the finest fighting force in the skies. Happy birthday to the United States Air Force!
I cannot vote to empower our lawless president to continue his plans that threaten the economy and our national security. The Continuing Resolution funds Obama’s Amnesty, it funds Obamacare, and it funds military operations in Syria that are not authorized by Congress and are dependent on unreliable actors in the region.  I have offered several amendments to make America more free, strong, and safe, but the sad fact of the matter is that Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid’s do-nothing Senate refuses even to allow vote on them.  Given that this Continuing Resolution does nothing to secure the border, give Americans any relief from Obamacare, or commit President Obama to a clear strategy against ISIS that protects U.S. interests, I cannot in good conscience vote for the Continuing Resolution. It is my fervent hope that Americans will speak loud and clear in the next few months, elect a new Senate majority, and give the new Congress a strong mandate to reverse the disastrous decline orchestrated by President Obama and the Senate Democrats.
The ETA thus has applicability beyond the immediate threat of ISIS, it is an important adjustment to our existing laws governing the renunciation of citizenship to reflect the threat posed by non-nation terrorist groups.  As then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said concerning the Lieberman-Brown legislation, "United States citizenship is a privilege.  It is not a right. People who are serving foreign powers — or in this case, foreign terrorists — are clearly in violation…of that oath which they swore when they became citizens."   The Expatriate Terrorist Act of 2014 is only a very modest change to current law, it’s one small step in a larger and necessary effort to re-focus our ISIS strategy that I urge President Obama to consider immediately: http://1.usa.gov/XM5KjO
#TBT to when Sen. Harry Reid supported #AuditTheFed. The House passed it yesterday — let’s vote in the Senate!
An honor to celebrate #ConstitutionDay at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia tonight!
Happy 67th birthday to the U.S. Air Force! Thank you to all those who serve at F.E. Warren Air Force Base and those who serve their country around the world. As Chairman of the Senate Air Force Caucus I’m proud to represent them and support their role in our nation’s defense.
It's nice to have National Taxpayers Union recognize what my wife has known for years - that I'm a cheapskate
This administration has a troubling tendency to advance rules and regulations like this one without fully understanding how they might negatively affect people’s lives. We're pleased to introduce legislation that requires a fair and transparent process on behalf of countless students who will feel the impact of this rule.
Questioning Secretary of the U.S. Department of State John Kerry during today's United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing on the president's plan to confront #ISIL
I hope that the administration will change its mind and asks firmly for an AUMF and I hope Congress gives it.
My staff is holding office hours in Bassett & Ainsworth on Oct. 2nd. Hope you can all make it!
The tireless efforts of Stacey Adamson and Tracee Ford to lead their neighbors and build a student-run grocery store have revitalized their entire community. Their dedication to Cody and the students of Cody-Kilgore High School has transformed a clever idea into a valuable educational tool and an economically important reality. I congratulate Stacey and Tracee for their national recognition as ‘American Graduate Champions’ and thank them for their work to empower students and enrich their community.  http://netnebraska.org/interactive-multimedia/learning-services/american-graduate-champions-stacy-adamson-tracee-ford
The National Federation of Independent Business, the nation’s leading small business association, today named U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham a Guardian of Small Business for his perfect 100 percent voting record on behalf of America’s small-business owners in the 113th Congress.  “The record shows that Sen. Graham is a true champion of small business, supporting key small-business votes in the 113th Congress,” said NFIB President and CEO Dan Danner. “This award reflects our members’ appreciation for supporting the NFIB pro-growth agenda for small business.”
Thx 2 Agatha French youth ambassador 4 natl child awareness month for helping educate ppl abt where food comes from She's frm Cedar Falls,IA
Appreciate Jack Kinseth of west Des Moines who is promoting civics education in HS. Helps fellow citizens understand our participatory govt
Senator Grassley met today with a group of Iowa veterans visiting Washington, D.C. He spoke with the group about their visit and current events. At the end of the meeting the group sang “Happy Birthday” to Grassley.
Senator Grassley this week met the chairman and CEO of Jockey International, Debra Waller.  She talked about the company’s charity to help adoptive families while she was in the nation’s capital to receive an award for her adoption work and advocacy.  She and the senator talked about foster youth who age out of the system with little or no support and the need to strengthen families so that they stay together even after an adoption is final.   Senator Grassley welcomes the attention to increasing the success of adoptions, including adoptions from foster care.   Read more about the company’s adoption foundation here. 
Today, I met with Miss Nevada and Miss USA Nia Sanchez who will "take on teal" to raise awareness for ovarian cancer.
Congratulations to Rep Joe Heck on being promoted to Brigadier General. Joe has many titles: doctor, Congressman, and now General. However, my favorite is friend.
Had press conference today to press for immediate approval of the Keystone XL pipeline.
“After more than six years of study, five favorable environmental reviews, numerous polls showing the support of the American people, ISIS and the turmoil in the Middle East, it is way past time we take off the blinders and do what is in the best interest of the United States: approve the Keystone XL pipeline. With our closest friend and ally Canada, we can produce more energy than we use, and achieve true North American energy independence. That’s why every Republican member of the U.S. Senate has joined in our letter calling for the president to approve the project.”
“The Senate has once again passed a resolution designating October 26 as a day for our country to join together to honor and thank our servicemembers and their families. Our nation has long understood the intrinsic importance of setting aside special days of remembrance, and the Day of the Deployed serves as a fitting way for our country to pause to remember and recognize the American servicemembers currently deployed throughout the world.”
"This bill is important because it not only helps producers to get drilling permits in a timely manner, but also because it helps get approvals to site gas gathering systems and pipelines so that we can reduce flaring in the Bakken."
Happy 67th Birthday to the United States Air Force!
Around 10:40am Central, I will defend the Keystone XL Pipeline on the Senate floor. Join the conversation on Twitter by using #KeystoneXL and tune into the speech here: http://www.c-span.org/video/?321562-1/us-senate-morning-business
Yesterday, Senator Levin and I announced that our Senate Armed Services Committee has uncovered in a year-long investigation that China’s military has hacked into computer networks of civilian transportation companies that partner with the Pentagon. China has stolen e-mails, passwords, and computer codes in order to monitor logistic routes of contractors who transport military equipment and personnel for the Department of Defense. I worked with Sen. Levin on legislation that will streamline the process for these contractors, many of of which are small businesses, to report to appropriate federal agencies when they suspect hacking or a breach or their networks. https://news.yahoo.com/senate-china-hacked-military-contractor-networks-143023302.html
Faced with this Hobson's choice — either vote yes on this 10-week continuing resolution, or see another partial shutdown of the federal government — I decided to vote yes. The federal government creates enough uncertainty, and threatening another partial shutdown would only exacerbate the problem.     You can read more about my vote here: http://1.usa.gov/1wJQDX4
The Commerce Science & Transportation committee advanced a bill yesterday that will preserve local signals for satellite subscribers and help provide opportunities for Wisconsinites to get access to Wisconsin news and Green Bay Packers games.   Read more here:  http://1.usa.gov/1qgPBsY
Sen. Johnson to Secretary Kerry earlier today: "You’ve made a strong case for defeating ISIS and being fully committed to doing it, the sooner the better." 
As recently as fiscal year 2006, Congress passed eleven free-standing appropriations bills. That’s more than Congress has passed for all fiscal years since then, combined.  The power of the purse is a power that belongs to the American people to be exercised by their elected representatives.  Why do you think that since 2007 Senate Democrats have chosen to forfeit this power instead of exercise it?
At some point today or tomorrow the Senate will hastily consider and likely pass a massive, hodgepodge spending bill to fund every last department and program within the federal government.  We will fund even those programs we know don’t work. The alternative is to deny funding for every last department and program within the federal government - even those we know are essential.  All or nothing: these are our only options. Government on autopilot or government without an engine.  When forced to vote for or against an all-or-nothing spending package, Congress has essentially no opportunity to exercise its power of the purse.  In the CR we will vote on today, there are several provisions that deserve their own consideration and debate.  Examples include reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank, extending the Internet Tax Freedom Act, and authorizing military action in Syria. None of these measures – and certainly not something that could put American lives at risk – should be hurried through on an all-or-nothing vote.
This week I was honored to be selected by my colleagues as the next Chairman of the Senate Steering Committee.  The Committee is essential in ensuring Republicans remain dedicated to growing the economy, protecting individual liberty, maintaining a robust national defense, and protecting the space for institutions of civil society to grow and flourish.  As Chairman, I will work to develop, promote, and build consensus around policy solutions based on fundamental conservative principles.   Over the past year, I have introduced a series of reforms aimed at alleviating the economic concerns of working families.  These proposals – collectively called the Conservative Reform Agenda – are focused on improving economic mobility, strengthening middle-class security, and eliminating cronyist protection at the top of our economy.  For each issue I follow what I like to call the “Utah Model” – a way of approaching problem solving that maximizes freedom, fosters community, and delivers results. As your representative, I see this as a unique opportunity for Utah to play a major role in the future prosperity and security of our nation and I look forward to hearing from Utahns about their ideas to fix the problems we face. I am excited to take on this challenge and am incredibly grateful for the support of my colleagues in the Senate.
“The Senate did the right thing today by passing the Debbie Smith Act, which will help speed up the testing of rape kits to solve crime, provide relief to the victims of sexual assault and help ensure that more perpetrators of these terrible crimes are brought to justice. This important bill has already passed the House of Representatives and is now on the way to the White House where President Obama is expected to sign it. I have been privileged to meet several times with the namesake of this bill, Mrs. Debbie Smith, and honored to have Debbie and her husband Rob join me at the Kentucky State Police Laboratory last month where she explained in compelling terms the real world implications of the legislation and need for its passage. It is just and fitting for Congress to pass this bill that is named for such a tireless advocate for those who suffer terrible abuse.”  
“My legislation will help families and individuals pay for higher education expenses, and I urge my colleagues to consider and pass this measure,” Senator McConnell said. “I remain committed to making higher education more affordable and accessible for our nation’s students, and this bill will help lower- to middle-income families and individuals in Kentucky save for their child’s future.”
NA
McConnell-Sponsored Sunscreen Innovation Act Passes Senate; Bill Supports #Kentucky manufacturing facilitiies & #jobs 
Wearing my purple tie around the Senate today. Good luck to the Wildcats tonight against Auburn!
I was privileged and humbled to spend time with World War II veterans from Kansas at the National World War II Memorial this morning. These veterans represent the best of America – a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. It is because these veterans answered the call of duty that we enjoy the freedoms we have today. Thanks to Mike and Connie VanCampen for coordinating this trip. These visits truly reaffirm my commitment to do all I can to make our nation a a better place for future generations.
This week marks 6 years since TransCanada applied for a permit to build the Keystone XL pipeline to create thousands of jobs and boost America’s energy industry.  My colleagues and I commemorated the occasion by saying the president needs to stop dragging his feet and allow folks to get to work.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdTbdR-36C8&feature=youtu.be#t=11m53
Happy 67th birthday to the U.S. Air Force!  Alaskans support and appreciate everything you add to our communities around the state, and for your service in defending our nation.  Like the song says, ‘Nothing can stop the U.S. Air Force!’”
It's an honor to be recognized by the National Organization on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome for my efforts to boost awareness and prevention of Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders. FASD is an entirely preventable line of developmental disabilities and birth defects, and I will remain dedicated to working against it. Together we can fight this affliction.
When I voted to extend emergency unemployment benefits, I emphasized the need to better connect the program with job training. Today I introduced bipartisan legislation to do that, the On-the-Job Training Act. Learn more here: 
I had the opportunity to meet with Ukrainian President Poroshenko this morning and reaffirmed the need for the U.S. to stand with Ukraine. I hope that after meeting with President Poroshenko, the Administration finally provides the support Ukraine has requested to defend itself against Russia.
MUST-READ: Obama is defying the Constitution on war  http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/george-will-obama-needs-congress-to-approve-this-war/2014/09/17/26de9d3e-3dc9-11e4-b0ea-8141703bbf6f_story.html?wpisrc=nl_opin&wpmm=1
ISIS is now a threat. Let's get on with destroying them. But make no mistake: arming Syrian rebels will only make it harder to destroy ISIS.   Watch my entire floor speech HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DveDwEk122Y
I'm about to give a foreign policy speech on the Senate Floor.  Tune in HERE: http://www.c-span.org/video/?321562-2/us-senate-morning-business&live
APPLE: 'Our commitment to customer privacy doesn’t stop because of a government information request.'  http://www.apple.com/privacy/government-information-requests/
Congrats to the Kansas Department of Agriculture on their new digs in Manhattan!
Happy Birthday to the Air Force, especially our brave airmen at McConnell Air Force Base Base in Wichita!
IT'S GAMEDAY, #KState Family! No. 20 #KStateFB welcomes No. 5 Auburn to Bill Snyder Family Stadium at 6:30 pm on ESPN.  #BeatAuburn
I am honored to be named a "Champion of the Worker," by the Competitive Enterprise Institute. I am focused on creating jobs, growing our economy and enhancing economic opportunities for both employers and their employees. In Kansas, I am proud of my work on bringing the NBAF to Manhattan and of my work on other life science initiatives. We are creating a new research based economy and new opportunities for generations of Kansans.   CEI’s congressional scorecard on pro-worker issues includes votes to increase employment, to create better incentives for workers, to support growth in workers’ incomes, and to improve worker freedom.
Rubio Comments On Ukrainian President’s Address To Congress: http://1.usa.gov/1ue9Viy  Washington, D.C. –  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement after Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko’s address to Congress:   “I was honored to attend Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko’s address to Congress today. The United States Congress and the American people stand with the people of Ukraine in this, their hour of need.     “The Ukrainian people have suffered immensely in recent months. In the face of violence and pressure, they have shown bravery and courage. Peaceful protesters of all ages and from all walks of life braved gunfire on the Maidan to demand a better future for their children and their country. Many of them made the ultimate sacrifice. The Ukrainian security forces have also suffered significant losses as they face a foe now overtly supported by Russia. Despite the invasion of their territory and ongoing threats, Ukraine’s leaders have tried to keep their country on the path toward full democracy and economic reform.     “Since the beginning of this crisis, I have advocated for a stronger U.S. response to Russia’s blatant violation of the post-World War II international order. Today, I will support additional sanctions and the provision of lethal assistance to Ukraine as the Senate Foreign Relations Committee considers the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014. We need to continue to show our allies and partners that the United States will continue to stand with them, and against the aggression of Vladimir Putin’s Russia.” 
ICYMI: Senator Shelby spoke on the Senate floor today in support of the Continuing Resolution.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGUydpICDoc
Did you know that the nation's Best Historic City was home to the world's first electric trolley system?  City of Montgomery, Alabama Government  http://visitingmontgomery.com/Blog-detail/mgm-voted-best-historic-city
I'm honored to be named a “Guardian of Small Business” from the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) for my voting record in the 113th Congress.
NA
Sen. Sessions will be speaking on the Senate floor in just moments, as Senate Democrats are about to have their last chance to oppose President Obama's unlawful executive amnesty.
This week, Sen. Sessions received the "Champion of the Worker" award from the Competitive Enterprise Institute, and the "Guardian of Small Business" award from the National Federation of Independent Business.
NA
Joined Senator Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) this morning at the National Press Club to talk energy insecurity and the importance of affordable energy to American families.  Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/sens-scott-murkowski-present-new-indicators-measure-us-energy-insecurity
At the National Press Club this morning to unveil an important study regarding the costs of energy and the importance of keeping American families from falling into energy insecurity.
Mary Hawryshkiw stopped by my office this morning. Mary visited on behalf of Razom for Ukraine, a non-profit organization dedicated to the pursuit of a free and prosperous Ukraine. She shared her personal story with me just before I joined my colleagues in listening to His Excellency Petro Poroshenko - President of Ukraine at a joint session of Congress.
Yesterday I sat down with Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). We discussed funding for #Alzheimer's and ways we can work together to defeat this debilitating disease. #EndALZ
Over the course of the past few weeks, I have attended classified briefings and met with our military leaders regarding the threat that ISIS poses to the interests of the United States and our allies. I am convinced, more than ever, that this barbaric group needs to be destroyed.
Cory Booker and I have introduced a bill that would give local officials more control over the transportation planning process in their states and communities. 
Happy 67th birthday to the United States Air Force! Three generations of Air Force service in my family -- my father in WWII Army Air Corps, my son and I in the AF.
Honored to receive NFIB's Guardian of Small Business Award this morning. #smallbiz
