Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen were joined by small business leaders and federal officials at a field hearing this afternoon to discuss ways to spur innovation and job growth, and to help New Hampshire's small businesses grow and thrive.
In Case You Missed It: On yesterday's Meet the Press, Senator Ayotte talked with NBC's David Gregory and Senator Jack Reed about what the U.S. should do in response to the current situation in Egypt.
I’m proud to co-chair the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, and I always appreciate the opportunity to thank Missouri’s volunteer fire fighters and other first responders for their commitment to our communities and for their sacrifices.
I want to share our interview with KARK's Mallory Brooks from last week. We talked about some of the issues we're working on including the farm bill and our upcoming annual agriculture tour.
Tomorrow, I will join Export-Import Bank President Fred Hockberg for a forum at the Boise Chamber of Commerce.  This event will include industry, academic and government experts who will help local businesses gain the knowledge they need to maximize their exporting opportunities and increase sales.  Hope you will join us!
Op-Ed: The Senate Finance Committee continues advancing tax reform and I remain committed to the hard work of comprehensive fiscal reform, combining thoughtful tax reform with fundamental reforms to mandatory programs.  Tax reform needs to be comprehensive to get us past the tired and failed arguments about raising and lowering rates.  We should completely redesign the tax code with an emphasis on lower rates, broadening the base, reducing complexity and eliminating anti-competitive provisions.  Comprehensive tax reform would eliminate much of the complexity in the current tax code and lower tax rates for individuals, families and businesses.  Embracing this new paradigm can help generate additional revenues and economic growth and put America’s tax code in a more competitive posture.  Without structural reform, our potential growth and revenues will be lost.  Work must continue to deliver to the American people a tax code that meets the needs and challenges of our modern economy.
PHOTO: As a TX history buff, enjoyed meeting with the Texas State Historical Association at UNT in Denton:
PHOTO: Great being at University of North Texas discussing the growing demand for STEM educators:
Great to speak with Paul at Elliott's Hardware in Dallas
Today, Senator Corker discussed the situation in Egypt and his recent trip to the Middle East on Fox News' “America’s Newsroom.”  Commenting on U.S. assistance to Egypt, Corker, the Ranking Member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said, “I think we have national interests [in Egypt] and I think our aid ought to be tailored towards those national interests. … [O]ur foreign aid is about…keeping Americans secure.”
NA
Obamacare is forcing employers to hire more part-time employees and less full-time workers. We don't have to become a part-time America.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
I had the privilege of participating August 9 in the groundbreaking ceremony for the new Wind River Job Corps Center in Riverton. This will be the first Job Corps Center in Wyoming. The persistence that the Riverton City Council, the county commissioners, and others demonstrated throughout this process is a credit to the dedication of the people of Wyoming. The project is a result of many people’s hard work.
States are best positioned to regulate hydraulic fracturing.
My weekly column takes a closer look at new details we’ve learned about the IRS scandal through the ongoing investigation. The president may consider the case closed, saying it’s time to move on from “phony scandals,” but the pattern of abuse by IRS officials is hardly phony. It’s all too real, and all too chilling. As the investigation moves forward, I’ll continue to push for honest answers. That’s the very least the IRS and administration owe to the American people.
Enjoyed my time in Gering/Scottsbluff this past Friday. Appreciate everyone who attended the Listening Session at the Farm and Ranch Museum. I also visited with employees of the Nebraska Transport Company and stopped by KOTA Territory News to discuss what I’ve been hearing from Nebraskans in the state this month.
I’m hosting a listening session at Mid-Plains Community College this evening at 5 pm CST. The event will be held in Tipton Hall’s Weeth Theatre. I look forward to visiting with you and hearing your thoughts on important issues!
The Hill reports President Obama has worked unilaterally to expand the regulatory state, touching nearly every aspect of American life and business. What I continue to hear from Nebraskans is that overregulation is hindering the growth of their small businesses and stifling job growth. Earlier this year, I cosponsored the REINS Act, which restores Congressional oversight in rulemaking by requiring Congress to approve any major new federal mandate from the administration. This oversight is needed to allow the American people’s elected representatives to weigh in on federal rules and mandates affecting their livelihoods.
Adam Gadahn is an American citizen who has aligned himself with Al Qaeda.  He should be considered an enemy combatant not a common criminal.    And even though he is an American citizen, he should be subject to being killed or captured by our military and intelligence forces.  The use of lethal force against Gadahn is appropriate and should be utilized without hesitation. Or if captured, Gadahn should not be read his Miranda Rights, but held as an enemy combatant under the Law of War for intelligence gathering purposes.    As a senior Al-Qaeda operative his deeds and actions put our nation at risk.
Toured Truman Library and talked to several constituents on vacation
Go to independence Mo Tour Truman Library. Learn abt a great Leader in troubling times Spend  abt 5hrs to do it justice.  Longer better
NA
"As we close in on producing one million barrels per day of oil, it is clear that North Dakota is a powerhouse for our nation. Additional pipeline and rail capacity will help move our product to market efficiently, take trucks off our roads and improve public safety. But it is also a key component to building our nation’s energy future. Enbridge’s pipeline and rail projects are prime examples of the kinds of infrastructure we need to invest in to make our nation energy secure in the next five to seven years.”
"The completion of the 55th Street Northeast Bridge and Bypass project provides a needed, important piece of infrastructure for the city to help accommodate increased traffic and facilitate intermodal shipping. This project was made possible through the collaboration of local, state, federal and private partners, including $20 million in federal Department of Transportation funding we secured in Congress.”
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/home
Ignoring jobs and the economy, POTUS continues to expand ‘regulation nation’ - http://bit.ly/17Do7q5
#Illinois leads the nation in per-capita gang members.  The #ATF should appoint a Chicago-based anti-gang coordinator for Illinois to reduce crime.
 
 Learn more: http://1.usa.gov/14uAse7
Today I enjoyed getting to know eight Kansas Cadets at the US Air Force Academy (Official) in Colorado Springs. Days like these serve as a reminder that Kansas produces smart, hard-working and civic-minded individuals who want to give back to their country. Here I’m pictured with the U.S. Air Force Academy’s recently appointed and first female Superintendent, Lieutenant General Michelle Johnson. She also has Kansas ties, as she commanded the 22nd Air Refueling Wing at McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita from 2002-2004. 
 
 The Kansas Cadets pictured here are Charles H. Apt IV of Iola, James R. Carney of Overland Park, Jacob A. Helm of Norcatur, Christopher (Chris) S. Haley of Wichita, Courtney Keplinger of Overland Park, Taylor Pearce of Wallace, Eric Ruth of Johnson, and Eric Timpe of Paola.
 
 If you or someone you know is interested in applying for a U.S. Service Academy, visit my website. Summer 2014 applications are due by Friday, Sept. 6, 2013.
I am touring the Cold Climate Housing Research Center in Fairbanks today and learning about some innovative options for sustainable housing construction in different locations in our state.  It's amazing how much energy can be saved with some high efficiency building methods.
I so enjoy the Chena Energy Fair. Every year, Bernie Karl pulls out the stops showing us his innovative energy and growing projects at Chena Hot Springs, and this year is no exception. This ChenaGro unit is an old refrigerated trailer that will allow students in Glennallen to learn to grow lettuce and herbs year round.
Stopped by Ohio Northern this afternoon to visit with the Polar Bears & wish them luck this season.
Visiting Wilson Football Company in Ada today. Talking about the NFL's breast cancer awareness footballs here. #MadeinOhio
NA
The Constitution doesn't allow for a single warrant to get a billion phone records.   Watch my interview on Fox News Sunday HERE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDIcjj0tyJI
I enjoyed spending my lunch hour with the Rotary Club of Wichita. Yet again I heard loud and clear the concerns Kansans have with Obamacare and overregulating many of the industries who drive our economy.
Today I was pleased to join Lynn Jenkins, Congressman Kevin Yoder, Congressman Tim Huelskamp (KS-1), and Congressman Mike Pompeo at the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association's Annual Meeting in Wichita. Thanks to Ed Cross for the opportunity to give the update from Washington.
“‘Frankly, I don’t think the House should pass any bill until the administration shows its willingness to confront and fix this problem,’ said Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., a vocal opponent of the current legislation pending in Congress. ‘This is a direct threat to the orderly administration of our immigration law,’ Sessions added, predicting that even the perception of easy entry into the U.S. by claiming asylum could create havoc on the border as thousands more try the same tactic.”
Enjoyed visiting Shaw AFB today. We have the most capable military in the world - let's keep it that way. http://ow.ly/i/2V5Zt
Great meeting with constituents in Sumter County this afternoon before heading to visit Shaw AFB.
NA
Looking forward to a busy day in Richland, Sumter and Calhoun counties!
The latest revelations about privacy violations by the NSA raise important questions and warrant a congressional hearing. Clearly, mistakes were made and further steps are likely needed to make sure they do not happen again.   It is also unfortunate that this important information was revealed by a government contractor via the press, and not provided to Congress by the Administration in a straightforward manner.    While it does not initially appear that these violations by the NSA were intentional, Congress must redouble its oversight efforts to better protect the privacy of those we represent while also maintaining intelligence operations that are critical to national security.
Good read from Salena Zito at Pittsburgh Tribune-Review on how Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I are working together on the Senate Finance Committee:
Here’s my Delaware County Daily Times op-ed on why the renewable fuel standard hurts SEPA refineries, jobs AND our environment. I’m working with Republicans and Democrats in the Senate to repeal this prime example of corporate welfare.  http://ow.ly/o3Bcc
Wicker Report | Each August, I have an opportunity to travel across the state and meet with Mississippians while Congress is in summer recess.  The Senate’s legislative calendar allows for a month-long state work period, when lawmakers can visit with constituents and participate in local events.  This month has been an especially exciting time for Mississippi.  From grand openings to civic club meetings, our communities continue to demonstrate why they are great places to live and work.  Local citizens drive this community spirit, and their dedication plays a critical role in ensuring our state is ready for the future.
