TUNE IN: Sen. Alexander will be on “The Mike Huckabee Show” at 12:30 p.m. ET/ 11:30 a.m. CT to discuss Obamacare: http://bit.ly/QmJMIG
Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor Wednesday to read from emails and letters she has received from New Hampshire citizens who are seeing their health insurance policies cancelled, having their work hours cut, and facing increased costs.
Brooke and I wish Howard Coble all the best in his retirement and thank him for his service.
Today Brooke and I would like to wish the Reverend Billy Graham a happy 95th birthday.  Rev. Graham has reached billions of people worldwide and has certainly touched the state of North Carolina with his kindness, wisdom and love.  We are a more compassionate nation because of Rev. Graham’s life’s work and it is my hope his teachings continue to resonate and have an impact for years to come.
Thank you to the kindergarten, first and second grade classes from Richland Elementary School in West Memphis for your letters.
I oppose discrimination of any kind, and that includes discrimination of individuals or institutions because of their faith and values, which often gets lost and has been lost in the debate on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act or ENDA. This bill raises very serious concerns regarding religious freedom. The so-called protections of religious liberty in the current bill are vaguely defined and do not extend to all organizations that wish to adhere to their moral or religious beliefs in their hiring practices. This bill also would allow employers to be held liable to workplace environment complaints opening the door to the silencing of employees who express their deeply held beliefs. This possibility runs counter to everything America stands for in the realm of free speech.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkKF18Coqc0&feature=c4-overview&list=UUipTNiqJBYHutxpMxo0UOYw
News Release: Indian tribes across the nation contribute a rich cultural heritage to society, and the Kootenai, the Coeur d’Alene, the Nez Perce, the Shoshone-Bannock and the Shoshone-Paiute peoples in Idaho are benefiting our communities.  I have signed on as a co-sponsor of the Tribal General Welfare Exclusion Act.  This legislation would codify the tribal exclusion in the Internal Revenue Code to protect tribes from federal taxation of tribal social benefit programs that serve to promote the general welfare of the tribe.  In recent years, the IRS has increasingly attempted to tax these tribal services unfairly. I am proud to co-sponsor this bill as it honors the federal Indian trust responsibility, promotes tribal self-determination and carries no additional cost.
A CBS News analysis found that key tests to ensure the security and privacy regarding the information of Americans attempting to conduct business on the troubled Obamacare website fell behind schedule and were never fully performed before the launch of the website.  This is a serious issue and one Idahoans are concerned about.  Americans have an expectation that their personal information will be protected to the fullest extent—especially by the federal government.  Several of my colleagues and I continue to push the Department of Health and Human Services to fully explain the security measures taken prior to the launch  and what further measures are being taken to ensure proper website security.
According to the VA, a military veteran becomes a victim of suicide every 80 minutes, a rate of suicide that is more than three times the rate in the broader U.S. population.  We must all work to ensure that veterans know they are valued, have purpose, and are important parts of their communities and this nation.  For more information, or for help, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1ad9EM
Cornyn Calls On Sebelius To Resign:
VIDEO - Cornyn: Fixing a Broken Website Won’t Fix Broken Promises
I joined Laura Ingraham this morning to talk about the problems with Obamacare.
Just read the story of .@kenbrielhearn1 by @jonmarkbeilue. Thank you Kenbriel for serving as an inspiration for all Texans.   http://amarillo.com/news/local-news/2013-11-06/run-no-other-teary-touchdown-transcends-competition
Here's my interview with Megyn Kelly on Obamacare from last night:
Happy 95th Birthday to the Rev. Billy Graham, a man who has lived life with conviction. “I trust Jesus with all my tomorrows." -Billy Graham
Happy Birthday to WWII veteran Derwood “Woody” Beard, who turns 95 years young this week. A birthday party was held in his honor tonight at the local McDonald’s in Keller, TX, where Woody meets with friends daily to play dominoes. He was joined by his wife of 72 years, Sylvia. We are forever grateful to Woody and his fellow members of our Greatest Generation.
It’s “Throwback Thursday” on Instagram! To follow Senator Corker, visit instagram.com/senbobcorker. DID YOU KNOW?: In 1994, Senator Corker was appointed Tennessee Commissioner of Finance and Administration, where he served for two years. As commissioner, he tightened the state’s budget and helped move almost 40,000 Tennesseans off welfare and into jobs. #tbt
Senator Corker today applauded the U.S. Army’s decision to delay closure of Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs at East Tennessee State University, Tennessee Technology University and the University of Tennessee at Martin. “I applaud the Secretary of the Army's decision to delay closure of three Army ROTC programs in Tennessee, and I am proud to have worked with my colleagues to resolve this issue,” said Corker. “For generations, these programs have produced some of our nation’s best and brightest military leaders, and I’m glad our universities will have time to demonstrate their ability to meet the continuing needs of the Army.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1aG4bbE.
Bipartisan letter from 23 U.S. Senators: Time is of the essence given Pastor Saeed's current predicament. It is imperative for the United States government to speak out boldly on behalf of Pastor Saeed at the earliest opportunity, and we look forward to supporting the President in this effort.
LIKE to see justice served for the #Benghazi attacks?  I just introduced legislation to require the Secretary of State to offer a reward of up to $5 million for information on the Benghazi attacks or information that leads to the capture and prosecution of a suspect.
Obamacare exemptions for big business, members of Congress, and now unions.  Where’s the exemption for the American people? #MakeDCListen
Obamacare is absolutely the legacy of Barack Obama, but we’re NOT getting over it.  We’re fighting for a #FullRepeal. SHARE if you’re with me!
When it comes to the Obamacare disaster, sometimes you have to laugh to keep yourself from crying. Hilarious take from the CMAs last night:
#ObamaScare hits a whole new level. Cancelled plans, increased premiums… and now encouraging divorce?!
In my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video I answer your questions on Americans losing their health insurance (0:16) and the EPA’s war on coal (2:04).
What do more than 40 of the richest Americans on the Forbes 400 list have in common? They have collected millions of taxpayer dollars in agriculture subsidies, according to a new report from the Environmental Working Group.   This is unfortunately only the latest report showing that multi-billion dollar agriculture subsidy programs are funneling taxpayer dollars into the pockets of millionaires and billionaires.    As the House and Senate continue farm bill negotiations, this information should serve as the nail in the coffin of direct payments – a now openly ridiculed $5 billion a year subsidy found to have been paid to the rich, the urban, the non-farming, and sometimes even the dead.      Despite the waste that continues to surface in agriculture subsidy programs like direct payments, one of the largest of those programs refuses to open its books to the very public who funds it. Federal crop insurance is a program in which taxpayers cover the majority of the risk, pay private insurance agents’ commissions to sell and administer individual policies, fund the oversight of the program, and – on top of all that – are expected to spend $7 billion to subsidize two-thirds of the policyholders’ premiums in 2013.    http://ht.ly/qAKC9   During the farm bill debate, I offered a bipartisan amendment with Sen. Mark Begich of Alaska that would have allowed taxpayers to see who in particular is collecting these crop insurance subsidies. Unfortunately the amendment was blocked and transparency continues to elude the federal crop insurance program. After reading today’s report, I can see why.
With Veterans Day around the corner, I thank the brave men and women who have answered the call to serve our country. We are forever grateful to each and every American who has served, and we salute those who have paid the highest price.
In November, as National Adoption Month is observed, Sen. Grassley talks about the stability that adoption brings to children in need of permanent, loving homes, as well as the public good adoption brings to society.
Obamacare: looks likePresObama not tkg seriously potential 4 fraud Ins Cos exempted frm anti-fraud laws It’s end-around my FalseClaimsAct
NA
Met w/ @AmbassadorPower to talk about #DisabilitiesTreaty which I support b/c our veterans are victors, not victims. 
 
 READ MORE: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=915
At our constituent coffee this morning, Senator Dick Durbin and I thanked the Williams from Belleville for their son's service in our military.
The president lied to the American people, and those lies are harming millions of people.  The hearings with Secretary Sebelius yesterday confirmed our worst fears about #Obamacare, and it is unfortunate that the president is resorting to scripted acts of deception to mislead the American people about this law instead of doing what needs to be done to protect Americans from Obamacare: http://youtu.be/_W6yt5So9Gg
Happy 95th Birthday, Billy Graham!
Kansas Honor Flight
Today, Army Sergeant Don A. Clary of Troy and Sergeant First Class Clinton “Clint” L. Wisdom of Atchison were inducted into the Defense Intelligence Agency Patriots Memorial for their service to our nation. The two Kansas Army National Guard soldiers were killed during Operation Iraqi Freedom on Nov. 8, 2004. They were the first Kansas Army National Guard soldiers to die in combat since the Vietnam War.  As we pay tribute to Sergeant Clary and Sergeant First Class Wisdom, we’re reminded that freedom is not free. Americans will be forever indebted to these Kansas Army National Guard soldiers, and I ask all Kansans to join me in remembering their families and friends in our thoughts and prayers.
I am a strong, strong believer that individuals should be judged on their merits and not how they look or how they are perceived to be.  That’s why I just proudly cast my vote in favor of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA).  I also supported an amendment to the bill protecting religious freedoms in implementation of the law.  All Alaskans deserve to be protected from discrimination and as employees, should be judged solely on the basis of ability or skill.
Earlier this year, I co-sponsored the “Troop Talent Act” to boost employment opportunities for our men and women in uniform when they try to enter the private sector.  Tomorrow, my staff will have their boots on the ground at University Mall for the Hiring Our Heroes Veterans Job Fair to serve those who defended our nation.  Come by and say hi!
Proud to support the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I am committed to protecting innocent life.
When I ran for office, I promised that if elected, I would increase transparency and accessibility in the U.S. Senate. I am proud today to introduce legislation that would require Congress to operate with more accountability to the American people.  Read more here:http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1027
In case you missed it: Here's Country Music's take on the failures of Obamacare: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRP8Do-IyRU #obamacarebymorning
Under Obamacare, if you like your current plan...too bad. Millions have received cancellations:  http://www.rpc.senate.gov/policy-papers/millions-of-health-insurance-cancellations #youcantkeepit
As I said yesterday, more Americans are losing the plan they like than are able to sign up for a plan in the exchange. #truth  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/11/barack-obama-i-am-sorry-affordable-care-act-obamacare-99559.html?hp=t1_3
I am proud to announce the young Kansans that will receive my  nomination for appointments to U.S. Service Academies. These men and women are outstanding representatives of Kansas in every way, and I wish them all the best as they pursue their education and service to our nation.
In case you missed it: here is my interview last night "On the Record" with Greta Van Susteren. We discuss Obamacare, accountability for the failures of the exchanges...and did you know, a felon can be an exchange Navigator? Watch here.
This is a great case study in the pitfalls of Obamacare.
Senator Rubio: Violators Of Religious Freedom Should Be Shamed & Sanctioned Annually: http://1.usa.gov/1iQ42BC   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today called on the Obama Administration to toughen its approach on holding nations accountable for violating their citizens’ religious freedoms.
Senator Rubio Defends Public Prayer on CBS Jacksonville
Senator Rubio: Engagement Abroad Requires Clear Guidelines, Accountability
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Crack Down On ObamaCare Fraud, Protect Consumers: http://1.usa.gov/1c1Iy26  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today is introducing legislation to combat fraud and protect consumers as ObamaCare’s website failures and the federal government are increasingly steering people toward non-web enrollment options that could lead to fraud and identify theft. Rubio’s legislation comes on the heels of yesterday’s Senate Finance Committee hearing, where Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius admitted that, among other flaws, ObamaCare has no uniform standard of background checks to prevent convicted felons from becoming ObamaCare navigators.
One constituent's experience on the disastrous Obamacare website:
Senator Shelby is proud to be an original cosponsor of the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act in the United States Senate.  This legislation will protect the lives of unborn children by banning late-term abortions in the United States.
Senator Sessions organized a group of Senators urging the House-Senate farm bill conference to hold foreign imported catfish to the same inspection standards as domestic catfish farmers. This would prevent foreign producers from skirting rules applied by the USDA to our own domestic producers. Sessions said of the effort: “I am going to fight for these jobs.”
I have long believed that more legal protections are appropriate to prevent employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.  I also believe we need to strike a reasonable balance between protecting workers and protecting religious freedom.  My amendment, which received bipartisan support, was a good-faith effort to modestly strengthen the bill’s protections for faith-based organizations whether they are a Catholic hospital or a Methodist elementary school.    While my amendment was not accepted, I voted for final passage to help move the legislative process forward.  I hope that -- should the House consider this bill -- it will move to improve and strengthen this measure so we can both advance equality in the workplace and protect religious liberty.
In case you missed it: Last night, Sean Hannity, United States Senator Mike Lee, and I reviewed my questioning of HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius. Spoiler: she had no answers.
