The Senate should vote to #StopObamasAmnesty!
Republicans across America campaigned on the promise to #StopObamasAmnesty.  We can and must keep that promise now!
It’s long past time to call the Fort Hood attack what it was: radical Islamic terrorism. And, this recognition for Fort Hood terrorist victims is overdue.  The victims and their families deserve our prayers and support, and this legislation rightly honors them for defending our nation in the face of a heinous act of terror.
It’s time for Republicans to do what we said — to fight to #StopObamasAmnesty!
Once again, the Bison demonstrated their resilience and talent in today’s quarterfinal. The Chanticleers played a lively game, leading right into the fourth quarter, but the Bison defense held them and our offense came back with a long, exciting touchdown run.   Congratulations and best wishes to Coach Chris Klieman and the Bison players, who once again performed with real skill and style. I wish I could have been there to cheer them on, but I’m going to do my best to get to next weekend’s game. Go Bison!
Tonight, my provision to incentivize the production of natural gas vehicles passed the Senate and is headed to the President’s desk. Natural gas is an underutilized clean and abundant domestic energy resource for U.S. transportation in part due to outdated regulations. Oklahomans have been trailblazers in the use of natural gas vehicles, and the red tape that will be cut as a result of the provision will help the rest of the nation to experience the benefits of this affordable and efficient fuel source.  Please read more about the provision here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-levin-natural-gas-vehicle-provision-passes-congress
Since last night when the #CRomnibus was taken up in the House of Representatives, supporters of this bill have couched their support in the language of compromise. “This isn’t a perfect bill,” they say.  But on the contrary, it is perfect. As a representation of everything wrong with Washington, D.C,  and as an example of exactly the kind of unfair, unrepresentative legislating that triggered successive electoral waves of bipartisan condemnation in 2006, 2008, 2010, and again in 2014 – the CRomnibus is perfect.  Nor do members of my party have the luxury today of blaming this latest failure on the outgoing Senate majority. No. This one is on us.  Americans just last month thought they went to the polls and voted for change to stop this kind of thing – unread, thousand-page bills written in secret, filled with hidden favors for special interests while funding the lawlessness of an out-of-control president.  Americans looking for that change won’t find it in this bill.
NA
I did not support the FY 2015 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) because I will not support cuts to benefits for troops and their families or the irresponsible arming of Syrian rebels. I believe we're already asking too much of our Armed Forces – morale is lower than it's been in years and it is our responsibility to support our service members who serve at home and abroad to keep our country safe and free.  Last year, the pay increase for our troops was just 1 percent, the smallest increase in the 41-year history of the all-volunteer force. This year, NDAA again provides only a 1 percent increase. This bill also mandates future Base, Allowance and Housing rates that force service members to cover a portion of the costs out-of-pocket.   Unfortunately, the NDAA bill also provides millions of dollars to arm and fund Syrian rebels to presumably fight ISIS terrorists. I continue to believe this is a bad policy. I do not support weapons for Syrian rebels, and do not believe the false assumptions of the Obama Administration.
Jane and I loved volunteering again this year at the InterParish Ministry Christmas turkey, ham and toy distribution.
Senator Rubio spoke on the Senate floor last night to discuss the omnibus spending bill and the importance of restoring the American Dream:
NA
Text of Sen. Sessions' remarks this evening on the economic impacts of the President's executive order.
Sen. Sessions will be speaking on the floor shortly on the need to block funds for executive amnesty. You can watch here:
Miss the Weekly Republican Address this morning? Watch here!  While many may be skeptical, and rightfully so given how broken Washington has become, Republicans are committed to returning government to the American people.  We know who our bosses are, and that you are more than capable of understanding what Washington does or does not accomplish.
We understand that it is not government that powers our nation, but rather the ingenuity, hard work and skills of the American people.  I gave this week's Republican Address, you can watch here: https://www.youtube.com/user/gopweeklyaddress
The walk back to my office from the Senate floor.
