At Pease this morning for the dedication of the new air squadron operations facility
If you don’t already think bureaucracy is rampant, consider this example as we approach our turkey dinner at Thanksgiving. There are nine different government-mandated codes for turkey-related injuries alone, including “struck by turkey sequential encounter” “pecked by turkey subsequent encounter,” and “other turkey contact initial encounter.”  ER physicians shouldn’t have to waste precious time obsessing over turkey feathers, beaks, and claws for government bureaucrats. Like if you agree. http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7d79ff2e-8cb8-45d5-bb4c-ab37eda579df
This Thanksgiving and throughout the holidays, we will join together with family and friends to celebrate our many blessings.  Unfortunately, many Idahoans are spending the holidays separated from their loved ones.  Included among them are Boise Pastor Saeed Abedini and Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl of Hailey, Idaho.  This Thanksgiving, as we join together to enjoy a meal and companionship, let us be thankful for our ability to be with our loved ones, particularly as there are many Idahoans unable to do so.  As I count my blessings this Thanksgiving, I will continue to pray for Bowe, Saeed and the numerous Idaho military service members who are far from home and their families.  I look forward to the day when we can welcome them all home safely.
WSJ: "[T]his "interim" accord fails to meet the terms of several United Nations resolutions, which specify no sanctions relief until Iran suspends all uranium enrichment. Under this deal Iran gets sanctions relief, but it does not have to give up its centrifuges that enrich uranium, does not have to stop enriching, does not have to transfer control of its enrichment stockpiles, and does not have to shut down its plutonium reactor at Arak."
Thousands of Nebraskans have received cancellation letters from their health care providers and face skyrocketing premiums and deductibles due to Obamacare. These are just a few of the countless stories that I have heard from frustrated Nebraskans.
NA
Tour & Q&A w 63 emp at Transamerica Cedar Rapids Topics: Obamacare, BalanceBudget Farm bill, RFS, tax, DC, Filibuster SCOTUS, Immig, Iran
Good Q&A w. 28 Interntnl IA Traders Topics: Amb Tour, FCPA, wind energy, Obamacare, Tax, immig, EPA, foreign policy, Amtrak
Tour/Q&A, ESP International in Cedar Rapids, 55 employees Tax reform, budget, filibuster, immig, farm bill, sequester
I saw UofIowa beat U of NoIowa women by abt 9 pts
I am pleased to have Drew Aliperto meet with Williston area community leaders to provide an update about the ongoing steps USPS is taking to meet the changing postal needs in western North Dakota. The region’s unprecedented growth has created a variety of challenges for local post offices and customers, and we appreciate USPS’ continued efforts to work directly with our state through forums like today’s roundtable so we can enact effective plans to improve service in the oil patch.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=2751e014-6d6c-4246-bf7c-04e33727e4da
I joined Senator Durbin and the entire Illinois Congressional delegation in sending a letter to the President urging him to make a major disaster declaration to make federal assistance available to the communities rebuilding after the recent devastating storms and tornadoes.
For #Thanksgiving, I told TIME why I'm thankful for the more than 300,000 physical and occupational therapists in the U.S. If it weren’t for my own “PTs and OTs,” there is no way I could have returned to the U.S. Senate to represent the people of #Illinois after I suffered a massive stroke in January 2012.  What are you thankful for? Use #TIMEthanks to let me know.
It concerns me that we have already agreed to loosen our sanctions on #Iran when their government's record of violating previous agreements, refusing to cooperate with the international community, and continuing to export terrorism casts doubts on how sincere their leaders will be in keeping to this agreement.  The administration must ensure Congress and the American people that they can clearly verify Iranian compliance; history does not inspire much confidence in holding Iran to its word.
When I was elected to the House of Representatives, I launched the “Big First Listening Tour” and held annual town hall meetings in each of the First District’s 69 counties. I have continued this tradition as a Senator and have traveled throughout all 105 counties in our state as part of my new “Kansas Listening Tour” to hear directly from Kansans. Our conversations matter to me a great deal and impact the work I do on your behalf.
 
 Today I was fortunate to return to Marion to hold my 1000th town hall meeting since being elected to Congress – the same community I held my first town hall in as a U.S. Representative on July 18, 1997. More than 100 Kansans from the surrounding community turned out for pancakes and conversation. Topics ranged from Obamacare and water conservation, to the nuclear option and the government shutdown.
 
 Thanks to the good folks who joined me in Marion. I am continuing my “Kansas Listening Tour” Tuesday in Garden City, Friday in Clay Center and Saturday in Dwight. I hope you are able to come out and share your thoughts and concerns with me.
The agreement reached with Iran this weekend gives the Iranians access to billions of dollars that can be used to fund terrorist activities and support Syria's dictator Bashar al-Assad, all the while allowing Iran to continue committing serious human rights abuses in Iran--including the imprisonment of American pastor Saeed Abedini.
Another #AKThanks today: I'm thankful for Alaskans helping one another.  The Thanksgiving Blessing boxes we helped put together, which contain a turkey and all the fixings, will be available for pickup in Anchorage today.  If your family needs a little extra help preparing your Thanksgiving meal, you can pick up a box from 3 to 8pm today.  To find out where your pick up location is visit: http://www.foodbankofalaska.org/
Day 3 of my #AKThanks campaign and I’m thankful for Winter and snow.  I know things were dicey a few days ago with freezing rain, but overall, I love this season and all the winter sports, holidays and family time it brings.  What are you thankful for Alaska?  Use #AKThanks to share with us.
A huge congratulations to Eagle River’s Kastle Sorensen and her business Kastle’s Kreations for her win on Cupcake Wars over the weekend with a truly Alaskan ingredient: smoked salmon.
Thousands of Delphi families and former employees face repercussions of Obamacare on their healthcare choices, adding even more uncertainty.
A deal that gives billions in sanctions relief to the world's largest state sponsor of terror while letting them continue to enrich is a bad deal.  http://www.kansascity.com/2013/11/23/4643867/kerry-russian-fm-join-iran-nuclear.html
ICYMI: Senator Rubio on Bill Bennett's "Morning in America":
Sessions responds to President's immigration speech today:   “House leaders must lay out clearly to the American people the President’s dismal record on immigration. During his time in office, the President has systematically dismantled interior enforcement, handcuffing immigration officers and bypassing Congress. These facts—drawn from the testimony from immigration officers themselves—should be clearly documented before the whole nation. No agreement should be entered into while such lawlessness continues.  Secondly, the President must be asked—by media and lawmakers alike—how he can possibly justify a plan that will double the flow of immigrant workers at a time when 91.5 million Americans are outside the labor force? Indeed, as the President makes his immigration remarks he is preparing to hold a fundraiser with Silicon Valley executives, a group clamoring for more guest workers at a time when nearly half of recent college grads are underemployed. Wages are flat and falling for U.S. workers—the clearest evidence that there is not a labor shortage, but a jobs shortage.  America is not an oligarchy. Congressional leaders must forcefully reject the notion, evidently accepted by the President, that a small cadre of CEOs can tailor the nation’s entire immigration policy to suit their narrow interests. A Republic must answer to the people.”
November 23, 2013
Thank you to Candice Barnhart of Moncks Corner for this week's cover photo--a Lake Moultrie sunset.  This is our South Carolina.
Given the consequences of Iran's nuclear ambitions, I have serious reservations about this deal. We need to make sure Iran's nuclear capabilities are halted - not slowed down - but halted.
Despite the administration’s objections, I think Congress should vote for tougher #Iran sanctions as soon as possible.
