More #Obamacare #brokenpromises: High deductibles may mean that “some sick or injured people may avoid treatment so they don't rack up high bills their insurance won't cover.”
I'm looking forward to joining Bill Hemmer on Fox News at 9:35 am (ET) 7:35 am (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
International organizations like the United Nations (UN) cannot deny American citizens the right to bear arms. We must protect and preserve this constitutional right.  That is why I previously joined 49 of my Senate colleagues in writing to President Obama to express strong concerns about his decision to sign the UN’s Arms Trade Treaty. We conveyed our opposition to ratification of this treaty and that we do not regard the U.S. as bound to uphold the treaty’s purpose.    The Second Amendment reads: "A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." I firmly believe this provision prohibits the federal government and the United Nations from denying citizens this right.  I will continue to protect our rights guaranteed under the Second Amendment. To read my op-ed and to learn more about my position on the UN Arms Trade Treaty, click the link below.
Cornyn Introduces Federal Prison Reform Based on the Texas Model:
Great opportunity to participate in the American Exploration and Production Council winter meeting in Houston on Friday:
Headed back to DC for a bumpy two week Senate session
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Senator Corker’s Washington office thanks to handmade ornaments from Carter’s Valley Elementary School in Church Hill, Tennessee. If you’ll be in Washington this holiday season, please feel free to stop by our office, which is located in room number 425 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building on Capitol Hill.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/1iPPfMw. Interested in receiving updates from the senator each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
Obamacare architect: If you like your doctor, pay more: http://bit.ly/1hGF0ZD 
 
 I don’t recall the pitch going like this:
The federal government sold its last shares of General Motors today at a loss of $10 billion. When government picks winners and losers by getting involved in private enterprise, the taxpayers are left picking up the tab.
Pleased to be delivering an address on U.S. trade policy at the American Enterprise Institute tomorrow (Tuesday) at 10 a.m.
Congresswoman Virginia Smith was the first and only woman to represent our state in the U.S. House of Representatives. She was a tenacious advocate for Nebraska’s communities and helped to define what public service means to me. Read more about Virginia Smith in my POLITICO ‘Women Rule’ essay.
I will forego the special taxpayer subsidy available to Members of Congress and enroll in Obamacare’s South Carolina health care exchange.  Obamacare is being pushed on the American people and we should live under it just like everyone else.  As a 58-year old male living in Oconee County my insurance costs are going up about $400 a month, more than 200 percent, under Obamacare. In addition, my health care coverage will be a fraction of what it used to be.    Sadly, I’m not the only one who will feel the negative effects of Obamacare.  It’s happening all over South Carolina.    The worst is yet to come, but I will continue my fight to repeal, replace, defund and allow Americans to opt-out of this horrible government program.
Senator Grassley continues his effort to hold the Pentagon accountable for the money it spends to uphold the nation’s common defense.  Protecting the taxpaying public and providing for the nation’s common defense are not mutually exclusive, he says.
Senator Grassley is working for sensible reforms in the annual defense bill that would protect the taxpaying public, support the troops and help get the U.S. military get off to a good start in the New Year.
Companies agree we need greater #NSA transparency.  Cc: AOL, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Twitter, Yahoo
Our constitutional responsibility in Congress is to provide for our nation's defense, and we must fulfill this duty by moving forward on the NDAA this year. This strong bipartisan agreement contains many vital provisions that support the well-being and readiness of our men and women in uniform and their families and strengthens congressional oversight of the DoD. Time is running short and I urge my colleagues to move quickly to pass this bill before we adjourn for the year.
The office of U.S. Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) today released the following statement:  "Saturday morning Senator Mark Kirk went to Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital with stomach pains. Doctors determined that, due to the fact that he had gall stones, his gall bladder needed to be removed. This morning Senator Kirk underwent a successful surgery to have his gall bladder removed and is resting comfortably. His doctor expects a quick recovery."
I will be holding my monthly tele-townhall this Wednesday at 7:00 p.m. MT.  I greatly appreciate the thoughtful feedback and questions I receive during these events.  You can sign up to participate in my upcoming tele-townhall here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings  If you don't want to sign up for the event, you can watch it online as well.  Here is a highlight from last month's event where I was asked if it was possible to fix #Obamacare without repealing it.
This weekend, the US Air Force honored four Alaska-based airmen - Major Matthew S. Komatsu, Senior Master Sergeant Paul J. Barendregt, Technical Sergeant Kyle T. Minshew and Senior Airman Andrew J. Nichols - for their bravery and courage in Afghanistan operations.  I join every Alaskan in saluting these brave men, and all our men and women in uniform who serve and sacrifice selflessly in combat.  Read their amazing stories of heroism here:
Alaska girls rock!
During my interview on Fox News Sunday yesterday, Chris Wallace reminded us that black unemployment is still over 12 percent. President Obama offers more unemployment insurance. I offer more jobs.  WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8jCj-7ylSQ
The headline says it all. Many Americans will be surprised by the increased drug costs and the unexpected out-of-pocket expenses under Obamacare.
Thank you to those asking - I will be purchasing my health insurance through the exchanges, and will be foregoing the employer contribution.
Congratulations to Philadelphia Phillies righthander, Roy Halladay on wrapping up his brilliant 16 year career.   http://goo.gl/fK2rqd
Here are a few of my thoughts on how to get something done on the federal budget http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/20131208_Getting_serious__and_realistic__on_budget.html
NA
Wicker Report | Efforts to realize the state’s energy-producing potential will help more Mississippians gain high-quality, high-paying jobs – boosting the bottom lines of families, businesses, and local governments.  According to recent figures, Mississippi’s energy sector is responsible for more than 22,000 jobs, with salaries averaging $63,456 – nearly double the average wages of other private sector industries.
