NA
Yesterday I visited the U.S. Air Force’s Cyber Command in San Antonio and was briefed by the incoming commander, Maj. Gen. Wilson. In an age of increasing cyber threats, I’m thankful Texas is home to this cutting-edge operation.
The State Department should condemn Hamas' disgraceful use of UNRWA schools and Palestinian civilians as shields for terrorist attacks on Israel. #StandWithIsrael
H Con Res 107 is so important because Hamas using children as human shields is simply unacceptable. #StandWithIsrael
Talk abt income inequality!!Obama'sFedReserve printing$$(creating asset bubble) causing the income inequality Assume Dems approve Heips 1%
Why not same outrage when Arabs kill Arabs OR ISIS militants killing Christians in Mosul as there is disapproval of Israel defending itself
This evening I attended the 68th annual Tipton Picnic and Alumni & Friends Celebration at the St. Boniface Parish in Tipton and had a great time visiting with members of the community and enjoying the fried chicken dinner. This is a top-notch community event with all proceeds going to support Tipton Catholic High School. Thanks again to Father Damian Richards for extending the invitation.
Today I traveled to the northwest part of the state for the Kansas Biggest Rodeo Parade through downtown Phillipsburg. I had a great time visiting with folks from Phillips County, as well as those who came in for the event. Thanks to Denis Miller for inviting me to attend, and to Tad Felts for allowing me to continue the tradition of joining him during his parade broadcast. After the parade, I stopped by Doyle and Charlotte Rahjes' farmhouse near Agra. The Rahjes' are long-time friends of Robba and mine, and Doyle is a former Kansas Farm Bureau President. Good to visit about rain, farming, grandkids and politics.
On Friday, the Chairman of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee and I wrapped up our negotiations over the draft 2015 funding bill.  Alaskans know the Interior Department has far-reaching influence on our state, so I was pleased this bill addressed a number of core Alaska priorities.  Rural infrastructure, Alaska Native health, volcano monitoring, subsistence, contaminated lands, modern maps for safety ... I look forward to improving the bill with House and Senate colleagues.
I joined ABC's "This Week" today, if you missed it you can watch here: http://youtu.be/9OFVMW-m_wo  You can also read more about my Opportunity Agenda at http://Scott.senate.gov/OpportunityAgenda
I'll be on ABC's "This Week" this morning, you can see when the show airs in your area here: http://abcnews.go.com/ThisWeek/tune-time-channel-area/story?id=6700408&page=2  In South Carolina, you can watch on:  WJBF Augusta-Aiken 12:30 PM WCIV Charleston 10:00 AM WSOC Charlotte-Rock Hill 9:00 AM WOLO Columbia 10:30 AM WPDE Florence-Myrtle Beach 10:00 AM WLOS Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson 11:00 AM WJCL Savannah-Beaufort 9:00 AM
