Sen. Alexander spoke on the Senate floor on legislation passed by the House of Representatives today that would allow construction to replace Chickamauga Lock to resume as early as 2016. The legislation would provide about $260 million for inland waterways projects across the country over the next 10 years.  “Replacing Chickamauga Lock keeps good jobs flowing into Chattanooga and East Tennessee – including at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, nuclear facilities and manufacturing plants – makes it easier for recreational boaters to go through the lock at no cost, and keeps 150,000 trucks from clogging up I-75,” Alexander said.  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=377864db-b76f-4aae-ba3b-029661e8c7de  Watch Alexander’s floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksm9M5c9ApI&feature=youtu.be
Yesterday the Senate unanimously passed Sen. Alexander’s bill that would help spur the development of Ebola vaccines and drugs. Passage of the Adding Ebola to the FDA Priority Review Voucher Program Act is  “an important step in the fight against Ebola, which we hope will one day help lead to a cure,” Sen. Alexander says.  Read more HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=3112f44d-7b49-494d-8d82-ee1d6a4460a6
At a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing yesterday, Senator Ayotte highlighted the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard's outstanding performance as the Navy's center of excellence for fast attack submarine maintenance, modernization, and repair. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1667
There is no reason that the #USPS cannot delay the proposed consolidation plan for mail processing facilities, which would impact two facilities in Missouri. The Southeast Missourian reported on the bipartisan letter my colleagues and I sent to the postmaster general urging a close look at this consolidation plan.
Funding the government, passing a defense authorizing bill, and preventing a retroactive tax increase all need to happen before the next Congress. Click here to read more, and share your thoughts with me below.
NA
I'm in an Ag Committee hearing right now to examine different ways farmers and ranchers can help improve water quality. Dr. Marty Matlock, Executive Director of the Office for Sustainability at the University of Arkansas will testify. You can watch the hearing and his testimony here.
I support this action by Governor Pence because the president’s executive action on immigration well exceeded his Constitutional authority. President Obama’s role is to faithfully execute the law, not alter or ignore it as he sees fit. I am hopeful that the legal challenge filed by Indiana and many other states will be successful.
Our national debt recently surpassed $18,000,000,000,000. That’s more than $56,000 for every man, woman, and child in America. When Republicans take control of the Senate next year, we should seize the moment and finally tackle our debt and deficit problems. Fixing these issues will not be easy or occur overnight, but there are several areas where Republicans can work with President Obama — if he is willing to work with us.
Good news for Idaho—legislation I introduced in the U.S. Senate, with the support of fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch, passed  the U.S House of Representatives unanimously yesterday.  Following Senate passage in September, the Blackfoot River Land Exchange Act is one step closer to resolving years of uncertainty in southeastern Idaho over land adjacent to the Blackfoot River that was cut off when federal flood control projects were undertaken along the river in the 1960s. This legislation represents the negotiated conclusion to the varied claims between interested stakeholders regarding land and water rights.  My special thanks goes out to Mike Simpson for helping get this legislation approved in the House, which now heads to the President’s desk. #idpol   To learn more about this legislation and what it means for Idaho, click here: http://goo.gl/W6vads
Contrary to the mistaken impression by some that our national debt has begun to decrease, the reality is that the federal debt has continued to rise for more than a decade and has now surpassed $18 trillion--as Congress yet again considers another stop-gap spending bill.  We must make reducing our debt a top priority and get back to work on plans to reduce our spending and reform our tax code to grow our economy and create jobs, which will lead to the balanced budgets we will need to begin reducing the debt.
Senator Collins continues to advocate for improvements for survivors of sexual assault in the military.
NA
Cornyn Statement on Nomination of Sarah Saldana to be ICE Director:
Please stand with Congresswoman Michele Bachmann, Congressman Steve King and me in fighting President Obama’s Amnesty.  #StopObamasAmnesty
Republicans in Congress should use every tool at our disposal—our constitutional checks and balances—to #StopObamasAmnesty.
This November's election was a referendum on executive amnesty, and the American people overwhelmingly oppose President Obama's illegal amnesty. Republicans in Congress should use every tool at our disposal—our constitutional checks and balances—to stop President Obama's amnesty.  The Senate should use its constitutional authority to halt confirmations for non-national security positions, until the President stops this illegal amnesty.  And both Houses should use the power of the purse, which the Framers understood to be the most potent tool Congress has to rein in an out-of-control Executive.  #StopObamasAmnesty
Today marks five years that #AlanGross has been held in a #Cuban prison. It's time to bring him home.
Senate passage of the Bill Williams River Water Rights Settlement marks yet another positive step forward in Arizona’s long history of proactive water management. If signed by the president, this settlement will help to foster economic growth in northwestern Arizona, while safeguarding the Hualapai tribe’s culturally significant water uses in the Big Sandy River basin. #Time2TalkH20
This overreach by President Obama is breathtaking, and every American should be unnerved by the implications of this decision.  The executive action is unprecedented and tramples on the concept of constitutional checks and balances.  I fully support Attorney General Wilson’s efforts to challenge President Obama’s executive order.  The President does have prosecutorial discretion, but he does not have the power to confer legal status by executive fiat.  It’s one thing to delay or defer prosecutions.  It's something else entirely to grant millions of people a legal status without going through Congress.  Attorney General Wilson is absolutely right to go after this presidential overreach, and I will be supportive in every way possible.
Senator Grassley will continue to press for accountability from a federal agency criticized for questionable hiring practices, including allegations of disregarding qualified veterans who applied for jobs.  Read more here:
I am pleased to announce the House and Senate have agreed upon a package of long-standing public lands bills, which will contain eight Nevada public lands priorities, including the Lyon County Economic Development and Conservation Act (S.159), the Elko Motocross and Tribal Conveyance Act (S.1176), and the Fernley Economic Self-Determination Act (S.1983).  This is great news for the entire state of Nevada. I’ve worked tirelessly from my first days in the House of Representatives to take the lead and ensure these lands bills were top priorities. I’ve been committed from the very beginning and am glad to see the fruits of this labor. As this legislation becomes law, it will not only spur economic development in our state but enhance national security as well. Those are things we should all be proud to accomplish
“Denny Walaker truly loved Fargo and the people of Fargo. As mayor, he presided over one of the greatest periods of growth in the city’s history, and his relentless fights against flooding have become a permanent part of his legacy.  “Mikey and I visited Denny in September following his treatment for kidney cancer. At that time, he had all of the fight and spirit we have all come to know in him. Ultimately, it appears cancer was too strong an adversary. It is with great sadness that Mikey and I express our deepest condolences to his family, his friends and the residents of Fargo who admired and appreciated him.”
There has been much concern – rightfully – and unfortunate misinformation about military members' benefits as it relates to the National Defense Authorize Act introduced last night. As an author of this legislation, I want you to know my colleagues and I were able to successfully prevent the President’s proposed cuts to military benefits, to include protecting commissary benefits and blocking the President’s requested higher fees for TRICARE enrollment.   Due to historically steep defense budget cuts provoked by the President’s sequestration, we granted the request of the Joint Chiefs to slow the growth of inflation to the Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH) by 1 percent for fiscal year 2015. This only affects those who make a permanent change of station move in 2015 and live off base at their new location. I have been assured by DOD that this reduction will still allow servicemembers to find off-base housing across the nation within their allotted BAH. Vance and Altus Air Force Bases are exempted from the BAH change because DOD has classified them as remote locations. The legislation also authorizes TRICARE co-pays to increase roughly $3 for prescriptions not purchased on base. The money saved from these measures equals $266 million and will go to support necessary training and resources to enable our servicemembers to carry out their missions effectively and return home safely to their loved ones. These were difficult decisions for me and my colleagues, but until sequestration is addressed, small adjustments needed to be made in the budget to avoid drastic reductions in military readiness that could risk the lives of our service members.   This legislation also includes many critical provisions for the state of Oklahoma, which I have listed in a press release tonight that I hope you will take a moment to read: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-announces-ndaa-provisions-supporting-oklahoma
This year’s strong, bipartisan national defense bill gives our military men, women, and their families the support that they need to defend this country and to protect the homeland.In addition to providing critical authorizations to support the mission against ISIL and deter Russian aggression, the bill will support military installations and communities across the country by preventing a round of Base Realignment and Closures for the next year, prohibits the retirement of any Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft, and provides necessary Impact Aid funding to support schools who educate military dependent children.   Read more about NDAA and the benefits it will have for our state of Oklahoma here: http://bit.ly/12nEbzm
"The first step should be to send over the right bill, with the right policy, and give Senate Democrats and the President an opportunity to weigh in and be put on the record." #ExecutiveAmnesty
Had a good conversation about the most pressing issues facing our world with Dr. Bob Kagan at Foreign Policy Initiative's #FPIForum today.
There’s no one I admire more than someone who dedicates their life to serving our nation’s veterans. Today, I was saddened to hear about the passing of a Kansan who exemplified that throughout his life – Commander Norman Staab of Hays. From his service in the U.S. Army, to his time as VFW Post and District Commander, and his distinct honor of being chosen as VFW National Commander-in-Chief, yesterday veterans lost one of their strongest advocates. Norman will be dearly missed, and Robba and I extend our thoughts and prayers to his wife Cacilie, his family and friends.
Yesterday, I joined U.S. Senator Patty Murray of Washington to co-Chair the U.S. Senate Aerospace Caucus replacing outgoing Co-Chair Saxby Chambliss of Georgia. The future of aerospace and aviation is especially important to Kansas and Wichita, known as the “Air Capital of the World.” Roughly 32,000 Kansans support more than 450 aerospace companies, and their work contributes more than $7 billion annually Kansas’ economy.   Safeguarding our nation for future generations means both a strong national defense and a strong economy. The aerospace industry is where these two priorities converge. That is why I am proud to be co-chairing the Senate Aerospace Caucus. Promoting education, workforce and research development, as well as increasing manufacturing within the aerospace industry is vital to our Kansas and national economies. I look forward to continuing my work to make certain this historical and innovative American industry remains strong, secure and competitive globally.  [Pictured left to right: Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.); The Honorable Frank Kendall – Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics; Marion C. Blakey, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Aerospace Industries Association]
Five years ago today, Alan Gross, working as a subcontractor for USAID in Cuba, was arrested for alleged crimes against the Cuban government. His imprisonment has resulted in serious harm to his physical and mental health. This is a humanitarian travesty. Alan is not a bargaining chip to advance Cuban interests and should be released immediately. I renew my previous calls for our government to secure his freedom and return Alan home to his family.
Today I made a few Alaskan-style contributions to the U.S. Marine Corps' gift drive, and encourage you to find opportunities to share the spirit of Christmas with others. Even a small gift can mean more than you'll ever know.
It’s been a long time coming – and took years of efforts to boost Arctic awareness throughout Washington, D.C. – but the administration has published an article by America’s Arctic Representative Admiral Papp about our nation’s responsibility as an Arctic Nation. This is a small, positive step in the right direction, and precisely the reason I advocated for more commitment (and Papp himself) to embrace our possibilities in the north.
Thanks to all who participated in the annual JBER Cookie Drive! Members of the community, including some of my staff, baked dozens of cookies to help spread some holiday cheer to service men and women of JBER who won’t be able to spend the holidays with their families. Thank you for doing something special for our men and women in uniform! #GivingTuesday
WATCH, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you're proud to be a #Conservative: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YK6hXk2MXsM&feature=youtu.be …
In case you missed it- Last night, I joined Megyn Kelly on 'The Kelly File' to discuss executive amnesty and the future of the GOP.  WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YK6hXk2MXsM&feature=youtu.be
Earlier today in the Senate Agriculture Committee I talked with USDA’s NRCS Chief Weller about the Lesser Prairie Chicken and the Waters of the United States rule. Voluntary conservation programs are important in Kansas, not only as a way to protect valuable land and water resources, but also for the ability of farmers and ranchers to continue operating. Watch video of our exchange here: http://goo.gl/InpTVc
Please, mark your calendars. Make your voice heard to ensure the strong role of Ft. Leavenworth in our state and in our national defense is preserved. Fort Leavenworth will host a Town Hall listening session, scheduled for Dec 11, 2014, from 3:30 pm to 5:30 pm, at the Riverfront Community Center, 123 S. Esplanade St, in Leavenworth, to allow concerned individuals to voice their views to a team from the Department of the Army regarding the 15 point study focused on a potential 2500 personnel reduction and the impacts associated with a reduction of this size on the communities surrounding the fort.
Rubio: Honda Air Bag Recall A Welcome Step In Interest Of Public Safety: http://1.usa.gov/1vlob7W  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, issued the following statement regarding Honda Motor Co.’s announcement that it will expand its recall of cars with Takata driver’s side air bags to all 50 states:   “Honda is right to take decisive action to ensure that all its customers, regardless of where they live, can receive the appropriate repairs to keep them safe from these defective airbags. Whenever there are serious doubts about product safety, automobile manufacturers should err on the side of taking whatever steps necessary to protect their consumers.”   During a commerce committee hearing last month, Rubio questioned manufacturers regarding air bag safety and whether passengers in states not covered by the recall of the time were safe.
Rubio: Venezuelan Regime’s Indictment Of Leading Opposition Leader A Travesty: http://1.usa.gov/1wtIK8N  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio issued the following statement regarding today’s announcement that the government of Nicolás Maduro has indicted Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado:   “In Venezuela, the courts are rigged, judges are government pawns and justice is impossible to achieve, which is what makes Maria Corina Machado’s indictment such a travesty. The suggestion that she participated in a plot to kill Nicolás Maduro would be laughable except for the fact that the regime is using it as the basis to indict her.   “Maduro’s actions against political opponents like Ms. Machado are possible because of his efforts to subvert the independence of Venezuelan institutions, including the justice system. For example, 80 percent of Venezuelan judges and 95 percent of public prosecutors serve under a provisional status that allows Maduro to appoint them or remove them at his discretion. Other supposedly independent human rights guarantors in the Venezuelan system, such as the ombudsman, have failed to condemn the blatant human rights abuses that have taken place throughout 2014.   “When are the regime thugs responsible for at least 43 deaths and hundreds of injuries in Venezuela this year going to be brought to justice? Before the year ends, Congress should pass the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014. It’s long overdue that the U.S. government impose visa bans and financial asset freezes against people involved in serious human rights violations against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela, as well as those involved in the arrest or prosecution of a person due to their legitimate exercise of freedom of expression or assembly. The Obama Administration should also use its existing authorities to immediately impose financial sanctions on individuals involved in this travesty, as well as other human rights violations by the Maduro regime since February 2014.”
On 5th Anniversary Of Alan Gross’ Imprisonment, Rubio Calls For His Unconditional Release: http://1.usa.gov/1yLa4xv  “For five years, an American citizen has been held hostage by the Castro regime simply for helping the Jewish community in Cuba access the Internet. Alan Gross should never have been imprisoned by the Castro regime. All free people and free nations around the world have a moral duty to advocate for Alan Gross’ immediate, unconditional freedom, and make clear that the freedom to access and communicate via an uncensored Internet is a fundamental human right.   “This anniversary of Alan Gross’ imprisonment is the latest reminder that the Cuban regime remains as repressive as ever. Just last week, Castro regime thugs stabbed several Ladies In White, and beat or detained other peaceful dissidents. Unilateral concessions by the U.S. government to the Castro regime will help fund more human rights violations, and keep real freedom further out of reach for the Cuban people.   “Today, I join people in the U.S. and around the world in praying for Alan Gross’ physical and psychological well-being. And I urge the Obama Administration to step up its efforts against the Castro regime with the goal of securing Alan Gross’ unconditional release.”
Rubio Highlights Impact Of Domestic Violence In Professional Sports: http://youtu.be/PVib1icRIKY  Rubio: “[Football] is not just a sport that’s played on a field three hours at a time. This actually has deep impacts throughout society. And there are millions of young – especially young boys –  but young Americans who look up to these players. And whatever happens or does not happen with them has a deep impact on them.”
It was a pleasure to meet with students from the University of North Alabama today in my DC office.
An excerpt of Sen. Sessions' statement today on the discovery of a new executive amnesty facility:  “It has just been discovered today that the Obama Administration is now opening a new USCIS facility in Crystal City, Virginia, for the purpose of immediately implementing the President’s imperial immigration decree. They are in the process of hiring 1,000 full-time staff to quickly approve applications for the President’s illegal amnesty, which will provide work permits, photo ID’s, Social Security and Medicare to illegal immigrants—all benefits rejected by Congress.   This action will mean that American workers, their sons, their daughters, their parents, will now have to compete directly for jobs, wages, and benefits with millions of illegal immigrants.   The American people need a voice. Why were we elected, if not to serve the citizens who sent us here?”
Government students from Roman Catholic High School in #Philly stopped by my office today! They are in D.C. for the day. Thank you to their teacher, Gerard Gordon, for sharing with your students the importance of civic engagement.
