Yesterday, Senator Alexander voted in favor of legislation that would give veterans more choices for medical care to reduce wait times and travel and allow the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to immediately fire or demote senior VA employees for poor job performance.   “This legislation is a big, fundamental change in how our country provides VA medical care: It is the first big step in giving veterans the same choices for their health care that our country has given them for higher education since the G.I. Bill was enacted in 1944.” – Lamar Alexander  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=c5a4502b-6226-4460-86f6-14e5b8db0f47
Yesterday Senator Ayotte met with David Lahme, President of TradePort USA, to discuss her ongoing efforts to protect businesses in New Hampshire from burdensome online sales tax requirements. TradePort USA, which is based in Somersworth, employs 16 workers and sells used and refurbished brand-name consumer electronics at discount prices. 
The Senate Judiciary Committee passage of the Victims of Child Abuse Act that I co-sponsored is a major step forward so that we can provide a safe haven for our children, and help law enforcement hold perpetrators accountable for their actions in Missouri and across the nation. 
Americans living with diagnosable mental illnesses should be treated just like those with any other physical illnesses. I recently visited with several health care professionals and advocates across Missouri, and I am continuing my work to ensure that our veterans, and all Americans, have access to quality mental health treatment. 
Earlier today, my colleagues in the Senate and I were informed of the instant collapse of four of the 17 Iraqi military divisions – without any apparent effort to push back. This is a desperate situation, and it’s moving quickly. It appears to me that the chickens are coming home to roost for the president’s policy of not leaving anybody there to be a stabilizing force. Read my statement here.
The Senate passage of the #VA Reform Bill that I co-sponsored is an important step forward. Our country’s military heroes deserve access to the quality health care they need.
Wishing former President George H.W. Bush a happy 90th #HappyBirthday41
If you’ve been waiting to talk to a federal representative in person about disaster aid from the April 27th storm, time is running out.  The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) disaster recovery centers in Mayflower will shut down for good after they close at 2 pm on Saturday, June 14th.  After Saturday, the Mayflower center will transition to a Small Business Administration (SBA) Disaster Loan Outreach Center on Monday, June 16th.  FEMA & Arkansas Department of Emergency Management (ADEM) have stated that traffic to the two remaining recovery centers has dropped dramatically, indicating the information needs of survivors in the area have been met.  I encourage anyone in Faulkner County who may be eligible for disaster aid, and hasn’t yet visited with FEMA, to stop by the Mayflower or Vilonia centers before Saturday.
The Senate, with my support, approved legislation to improve the quality of care at VA healthcare facilities across the country. Watch my speech. 
As the former U.S. Ambassador to Germany, today I enjoyed welcoming German students in the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange program who currently live in Indiana
NA
NA
ICYMI: The Senate passed the Veteran’s Access to Care Through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act with my support and an overwhelming bipartisan majority. Among other things, the legislation expands veterans’ access to care by allowing those faced with lengthy wait times to seek private medical care outside of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) system.  When called upon to serve, our nation’s veterans bravely did so without hesitation or delay. In return, they should not be forced to wait inordinate amounts of time for quality medical treatment. In addition to establishing more permanent fixes to begin addressing the widespread failures within the agency, this measure is particularly beneficial to rural Idahoans, allowing veterans living more than 40 miles away from a VA facility to seek private health services.  To read my full statement and to learn more about the bill, click here:  http://1.usa.gov/1oTrHqR
The American Nurses Association, which represents the interests of our nation's 3.1 million registered nurses, presented Senator Collins with the "Congressional Nurse Advocate Award" today for her leadership in the areas of health and nursing. Irene Eaton, President of the American Nurses Association-Maine, presented the award.   Senator Collins commended the work of our nation’s nurses: “The nursing profession represents the largest segment of our health care workforce. You work on the front lines of patient care in a wide variety of health care settings. As such, you are the eyes and ears of our health care system and serve as critically important advocates for patients and their families. That is why I have been such a strong champion of the nursing profession.”
The U.S. Senate has unanimously approved a Resolution, introduced by Senators Collins and Angus King, honoring former President, and Kennebunkport resident, George H.W. Bush on the occasion of his 90th birthday.     
NA
Cornyn Applauds New Law Awarding Congressional Gold Medal To The Borinqueneers:
Senator Corker today applauded U.S. House of Representatives Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (R-Fla.) for announcing (http://bit.ly/1qBiTFq) he will find a way to improve and pay for legislation to address the problems uncovered at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).  “The men and women who fought to protect and defend this country have sacrificed too much only to have Congress drive America deeper into debt and jeopardize our security for future generations. Our veterans deserve solutions to the chronic, systemic problems that exist at the VA, but the bill passed by the Senate yesterday, which was rushed through in an effort to hide the massive price tag from the American people, is not the right answer. I thank Chairman Miller for his leadership, and I hope the House will improve the bill and pay for it so I can support it when it comes back to the Senate.”  Yesterday, Corker voted against the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 (S. 2450) after a preliminary analysis by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) found that one section of the bill alone would increase direct spending by more than $35 billion in the next three years.  The CBO report estimated that implementing that section would “cost roughly $500 million in 2014, $10 billion in 2015, and $25 billion in 2016” and found that “veterans would ultimately seek additional care that would cost the federal government about $50 billion a year, on net.”  Even more troubling, the report said “this estimate should be viewed as falling in the middle of a wide range of possible outcomes,” indicating the cost for the bill could be much greater than the initial estimate.
This is a humanitarian crisis, and it is a direct result of President Obama's lawlessness and unwillingness to enforce the law.
#ThrowbackThursday: That time I agreed with President Obama…
The President of the United States should stand up and tell the government of Sudan to release Meriam Ibrahim now!
Wishing a very happy 90th birthday to President George H.W. Bush! #HappyBirthday41 #WatchOutForTheGators
Blocking the EPA’s power plant regulations, creating an environment of accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs, additional job training and more in the latest Enzi Insider.
Having problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at Scottsdale Mustang Library tomorrow from 3:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Happy birthday to my friend and fellow Nevadan, Congressman Mark Amodei. Mark - I would like to dedicate this #TBT to you.
I enjoyed talking with @TheBlaze TV recently regarding what I believe President Obama's real reason was for releasing 5 senior Taliban leaders held in Guantanamo despite still having our military in harms way in Afghanistan:  http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2014/06/03/sen-inhofe-has-a-unique-take-on-why-obama-exchanged-five-guantanamo-bay-detainees-for-sgt-bergdahl/
President Obama’s failed strategy in Iraq contributed to the chaos we are seeing today.  Al Qaeda-inspired terrorists have returned and are overtaking key cities including Fallujah, Tikrit and Mosul, Iraq’s second largest city. He squandered the significant gains our troops made possible in Iraq at great cost in blood and treasure. He failed to listen to his commanders on the ground. He failed to finish negotiations on a Status of Forces agreement that would have allowed continued training and support of Iraqi forces. He failed to understand the global impact of America’s retreat from Iraq.  Today, the security situation is collapsing; terrorist groups are growing; and Iranian influence in Iraq and throughout the Middle East is increasing.  This is a direct result of the vacuum created by the Obama Administration’s failure of leadership and failed foreign policy. It is giving terrorists a safe haven in Iraq, Syria, and soon Afghanistan, and will bring terrorists to our door step. President Obama’s plan to retreat will make Afghanistan at the end of 2016 look like Iraq at the end of 2011, condemning Afghanistan’s future to Iraq’s fate that we see today.            http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-deteriorating-situation-in-iraq-and-future-of-afghanistan
Currently our immigration authorities are required to release any immigrant back into the U.S. that no other country will accept for deportation, even if the criminal has committed a crime of violence or an aggravated felony. This loophole in our immigration system, referred to as "catch and release," resulted in 36,000 criminally convicted immigrants released back into our communities across the nation. I introduced Keep Our Communities Safe Act this week to close this legal loophole and put checks in place to help keep these convicted felons off our streets. I appreciate my colleagues Senator Grassley, Senator David Vitter, Senator Jeff Sessions, and Senator Ted Cruz support on this legislation, which you can read more about here:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-senators-introduce-bill-to-close-catch-and-release-loophole
NPR reports: Couple makes Obamacare work -- by dropping out.  http://t.co/rqOpvtoFyB
Two news stories give some insight into the rapidly rising college costs that underlie debt. http://t.co/UkIaePaXnX
Senator Johnson met with constituents this morning in Washington DC, one family came all the way from Medford!
This morning another class of interns had their swearing-in ceremony. Congratulations to these great students!
Today marks five years since fraudulent elections in #Iran and the rise of the Green Movement. After the violent crackdown, countless activists are still imprisoned. I discussed human rights issues with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, the Foreign Policy Initiative and USCIRF.
The bipartisan Veterans Affairs bill passed today takes the necessary and important first step towards ensuring improved care for Illinois' 700,000 veterans and ending a culture of corruption at the VA. I will continue to fight on behalf of our nation's servicemen and women to ensure they receive the quality care they so rightfully deserve.  Read more in my latest blog post: http://1.usa.gov/Uup6cb
My tele-townhall is starting now.  You can join here: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Upon Senate passage of the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014 yesterday, I visited with KWCH about this critical legislation. I hope that negotiations with the House will move quickly and that the President will soon sign this bill into law. As a result, we expect that the Department of Veterans Affairs will soon provide veterans with the choice to access timely, quality health care from non-VA providers - a necessary option because of the burden of travel and long wait-times that veterans experience in Kansas and across the country.
I love this picture!  Hundreds of people came to Sandy Beach in Douglas for the landing of the One People Canoe Society after a week-long journey.  The arrival of the canoes signify the beginning of Celebration 2014 - the arts and culture festival in Juneau.
It was great to hear the head of the Missile Defense Agency say that the long range discrimination radar system that's likely headed to Alaska is "absolutely vital."  Alaska is a key strategic location for our national defense, and it's at the frontlines of the new threats emerging in the Pacific region.
My family is in town and wanted to see a baseball game.  Since I couldn't take them to an Alaska Baseball League game, I did the next best thing: the Bowie Baysox!
Happy birthday to a true American hero and the most decent and honorable public servant in my lifetime, President George H.W. Bush. 
Our aid money should not be sent to enemies of America. Read my entire National Review Online op-ed HERE: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/380165/no-aid-our-enemies-rand-paul
My position is what it's always has been -- Real border security necessary before any reform.   READ: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/06/12/Op-Ed-Secure-the-Border …
Rubio: Terrorists In Iraq Threaten U.S. Security  Rubio: “The choice before us will be whether we prevent it now, or whether we deal with the consequences of it later. And I urge the White House to take this matter for the importance that it deserves and to come to this Congress, as soon as possible, with a clear and concrete plan on how we are going to deal with and engage in this emerging emergency situation that we now face that threatens the national security of the United States now, and places a grave threat to the national security of our country in the years to come.”
Senate Unanimously Approves Rubio, King Bill To Provide Independent Check On Targeting Decisions: http://1.usa.gov/1jnlcaq  “In passing this legislation, we are adding an additional layer of review to any consideration for lethal strike of a U.S. person who has joined enemy forces overseas. While in no way do we limit the commander-in-chief’s ability to conduct war, we are safeguarding that the executive branch fully considers any targeted lethal strike of a U.S. citizen by convening a special panel outside the chain of command to consider each case,” said Rubio. “In doing so, we are ensuring that even those U.S. citizens who betray their country and join enemy forces at war with the United States receive an extra level of scrutiny.” 
Rubio Introduces Wireless Innovation Act: http://1.usa.gov/1lrkixG  “The use of wireless broadband and Internet connected devices has caused an explosion of economic growth and innovation that was previously unimagined, and wireless traffic is projected to grow exponentially in the years ahead. In order to meet that demand and ensure that the U.S. continues to lead the world in wireless innovation and technology, we must ensure that the federal government uses its spectrum in an efficient and responsible manner, and we must free up additional spectrum for commercial use.    “This legislation accomplishes both goals by directing NTIA to reallocate federal spectrum for commercial use. The Wireless Innovation Act will also provide transparency on the use and value of federal spectrum and inform the public on how federal entities use a scarce public resource. Passing the Wireless Innovation Act will grow our economy and ensure that consumers continue to enjoy the benefits of wireless technology.”  
Rubio Addresses Iraq’s Reliance on Iran During Senate Foreign Relations Committee Hearing
I am continuing to press for answers from the VA for our veterans. Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-continues-press-answers-department-veterans-affairs-south-carolina%E2%80%99s
Happy 90th birthday to President George H. W. Bush, who is celebrating in style with a parachute jump in Maine!
"The men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world. Many today are not. Congress needs to work together to tackle this serious problem and restore accountability at the #VA."
June 12, 1987: President Reagan speaks at the Berlin Wall. “Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.” #Leadership #Freedom
"I have said repeatedly the #VA secretary should be able to fire employees whose job performance is unsatisfactory. I have also long held that #vets should have the option to obtain care from a private-sector health care provider."
