Today at Onyx Medical Corp in Memphis, Sen. Alexander talked about his work to repeal Obamacare’s medical device tax. A cosponsor of legislation to repeal the tax, Alexander said:
 “This burdensome tax on medical devices is already costing Tennesseans jobs and hurting a crucial Memphis industry by increasing costs, stifling investment and ultimately driving up prices for patients in need of medical help. Memphis has become an important center for medical devices, and the industry ranks as Tennessee’s top export. Repealing the Obamacare tax on medical devices – devices that save lives – is one of the most important things we can do to create good jobs for Tennesseans." READ MORE: http://tinyurl.com/cwx9of3
Sen. Alexander today released the following statement on Alcoa’s expansion plans: “Alcoa’s announcement fits right into Tennessee’s growing status as the premier location for auto suppliers. Auto jobs now represent 30 percent of Tennessee’s manufacturing jobs, and announcements like this mean that number will continue to grow.”
It’s been two years since the Army Corps of Engineers breached the levee at the Birds Point-New Madrid Floodway in Southeast Missouri. Yesterday I toured the reconstruction efforts and received an update from local residents and the Army Corps on the progress. We must use the lessons learned from the 2011 floods and involve more local input when we’re responding to future disasters.
Enjoyed visiting my grandchildren at their school in Jefferson City this morning.
On last night's ABC11 I discussed the Boston bombings with Larry Stogner -- to watch, click below.
Cathy and I enjoyed lunch at the Oark General Store today. Thanks to Brian and Reagan Eisele for making us some delicious food!
Lots of good questions to choose from so far. Head on over and vote for the ones you'd like to see answered and or add your own. I'll be answering some of the top questions on Monday.
I wrote in Investors Business Daily today about how Obamacare is blocking job creation and economic growth. Whatever the numbers are in tomorrow's job report, we know that Obamacare is weighing down our economy..
NA
Have you heard the increasing concerns about the implementation of Obamacare from the very people who helped write the law?  This “train wreck” is going to impact all Americans with a bureaucratic mess leading to skyrocketing premiums, higher taxes, and drops in coverage, some of which we are already seeing with much of the law not even fully implemented.
How to make Medicaid work
Cornyn Statement on National Day of Prayer:
Energy is one of the best things our economy has going.
In a letter to President Obama today, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, requested an explanation regarding recent reports alleging the U.S. has made millions of dollars in secret cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai over the past decade. “Our support for the Karzai administration should have evolved long ago into regular and more sustainable efforts that are fully coordinated across the government and are calibrated to ensure collaboration with U.S. policies. The alleged arrangements make accountability impossible and promote corruption at the top levels of the Afghan government, as well as break trust with the American taxpayer,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/18fRwc1.
$70 billion is the reported regulatory cost reported by federal agencies over the past 4 years. And the red tape keeps coming… I cosponsored the Regulatory Responsibility for our Economy Act, which requires the executive branch to repeal unnecessary rules and streamline or repeal regulatory actions that are overly burdensome.
Today, Bruce and I join the millions of Americans observing National Day of Prayer and are grateful that freedom of religion is a celebrated founding principle of our country. My family and I continue to pray for the health, safety, and prosperity of Nebraskans and all Americans, including the brave men and women in uniform fighting to defend us at home and abroad.
Five days after the September 11 attack on our Consulate in Bengahzi the Obama Administration blamed the attack on 'protestors' in reaction to a video.  
 
 Do these guys look like protestors?
Between Benghazi and Boston, our systems are failing and we are going backwards. We need to understand that bin Laden may be dead but the war against radical Islam is very much alive. Radical Islam is on the march and we need to up our game.
66 ppl at Boone town meeting. ?s abt Globalwarming,FoodStamps, Medicare,Immigration, F&F, SmBiz, Biodiesel,Guns, BringTroops Home, Obamacare
Q&A w/30 employees Burke Corp-Nevada. ?s abt tax, budget, Common Core, Obamacare, Immigration, Farm bill, DoddFrank, furloughs, foreign aid
65 ppl - Marshalltown town mtg- ?s abt Immigration, budget, Obamacare, Insider trading, Benghazi, No Child Left Behind, rural transportation
38 ppl at Eldora town mtg- ?s abt guns, Immigration, mental illness, Infrastructure, sequester, debt, gay rights, Obamacare, NKorea.
Justice Dept appeal of unfettered access to Plan B is right thing to do.
I was honored to visit today with the classmates and friends of Christina-Taylor Green, the remarkable 9-year old who was tragically murdered in the Tucson shootings two years ago, at her old school, Mesa Verde Elementary
Coal supporters in Hazard, Kentucky come out to hear Sen. McConnell speak about coal jobs bill.
Sen. McConnell talks coal jobs in Pikeville, Kentucky.
McConnell introduces Coal Jobs Protection Act in Hazard, Kentucky
Today, along with 40 of my Senate colleagues, I called on the Federal Aviation Administration to immediately use the flexibility outlined in the Reducing Flight Delays Act of 2013 to end the planned closure of 149 contract towers due to disproportionate sequestration cuts.  By providing up to $253 million in funding authority – far above the amount required to prevent furloughs – Congressional intent is clear: the FAA should prevent the slated closure of 149 contract towers by fully funding the contract tower program.
One of my favorites—Elsie Grace's Gift Shoppe on Main Street in Frankfort. It was great to visit with Nan, Ray and Barb. You could walk out with a pound of fudge, like I did!
Today, as Americans observe the National Day of Prayer, it’s a good reminder to set aside time to pray for our country and reflect on the importance of prayer. Whether in times of uncertainty, grief or joy, prayer has the power to comfort, and it is encouraging to know that so many individuals are praying for their elected officials, the state of Kansas and our country.
I'm having a great conversation with the community leaders of Delta Junction.  It's incredibly important to talk and catch up with them about their concerns, but also inspiring to hear their creative ideas for their region and the nation.
Great news: It is looking like we are going to be able to webcast my 2nd Subsistence Listening Session live from Glennallen tonight, starting at 5:30pm AKDT.  Just head to Murkowski.Senate.gov , click on the 'feature item' photo and you will be sent right to the livestream.  This is such an important issue for our state, and I wanted to make sure as many people as possible are a part of the conversation.
Look who I ran into on the streets of Anchorage: officers from the USS Anchorage.  So excited for all the commissioning events, especially the ceremony on Saturday!
Joining BuzzFeed Brews on Monday. Looking forward to a good conversation. I hope you can make it. RSVP below:
Praying for our country today on National Day of Prayer and a special prayer for Pastor Saeed.
Congratulations to Dr. Marilyn Rymer, Medical Director at the St. Lukes Neuroscience Institute, for earning the third annual Rose Award for Philanthropy and Community Leadership presented by the American Stroke Foundation. The first two honorees, who were present at this ceremony, Shirley Rose and former Congressman Dennis Moore also deserve recognition for their support of the American Stroke Foundation. I have visited Mrs. Rose and toured the Mission facility viewing first-hand the excellent work the Foundation does in offering rehabilitative services and hope to stroke victims.
NA
Sessions calls for Presidential action on VA claim backlog:
On WORD Radio with Bob McLain now! Tune in to 106.3 FM around Greenville or listen online here http://player.tritonmedia.com/entercom/WORDAM
Enjoyed meeting folks at DunBurks in Easley, including Miss Pickens, Miss Tri-County Teen, Miss Powdersville and Miss Powdersville's Princess
Thanks to the Anderson Area Chamber of Commerce for a great discussion this afternoon!
Thankful to join the National Day of Prayer observance in Anderson.
Great talking with folks at the International Deli in Seneca!
Heading to the Upstate today with Congressman Jeff Duncan, we'll be in Anderson, Greenville, Oconee and Pickens counties.
U.S. Senator Pat Toomey has released this statement following the death of Bishop Joseph P. McFadden.    “Kris and I are deeply saddened to learn of the death of Bishop McFadden.   A native of Philadelphia, the Bishop was called to serve whether he was coaching basketball or ministering to many of us as the Tenth Bishop of Harrisburg.  “His love, caring, and spiritual guidance will be missed by all who benefited from his wisdom over the years.”
It was my pleasure yesterday to tour KME Kovatch in Carbon County. This family-owned business is a global leader in the supply of customized specialty trucks and vehicles. My thanks to Phil Gerace and John Kovatch, III for taking the time to show me around.
I visited Tobyhanna Army Depot to tour their impressive facility and to urge the Federal Aviation Administration to give Pennsylvania equal consideration with New York for construction of a new air traffic control facility. The FAA should select a site which fits the operational needs of the country's modernization efforts and brings the best value to taxpayers. Tobyhanna fits that description.
NA
I visited Roosevelt Elementary School in Allentown yesterday, an urban community school that first opened in 1910. It was great to visit and see these dedicated teachers in action. My thanks to Allentown School District Superintendent Dr. Russell Mayo for showing me around.
I'm urging the Federal Aviation Administration to give Pennsylvania equal consideration with New York for construction of a new air traffic control facility. Pennsylvania has great locations to offer, with considerably lower costs of living and an existing security presence.
