LIKE or SHARE if you agree: It’s time to end Big Wind.   In case you missed it, in the Townhall article, “The U.S. Could Save $60 Billion by Ending Wind Subsidies,” Heather Ginsberg writes about Sen. Alexander’s reasons to oppose extending the wind energy tax credit, from the subsidy’s price tag to wind’s shortcomings compared to other sources of energy. Follow this link to read more on Alexander’s reasons to end Big Wind: http://bit.ly/1cNYnbk
Sens. Alexander and Corker and Rep. Fleishmann welcomed students from Silverdale Baptist Academy in Chattanooga to Washington on this chilly Tuesday morning.  #sbajterm14
LIKE or SHARE if you agree Congress is wasting your money on wind subsidies. Read more from Sen. Alexander on why ending the Big Wind subsidy is a good way to ring in the New Year:  http://1.usa.gov/Kx9EHj
Senator Ayotte released this statement after voting to begin debate on legislation to extend temporary longterm unemployment benefits:  "I sympathize with Granite Staters who are struggling to find work and I want to see them get back on the job. While I voted to begin debate on this legislation, I continue to believe that any temporary extension should be paid for in a responsible manner, and I hope both parties will work together to find a solution."
NA
#Obamacare architect says you can keep your doctor... if you’re willing to pay more. #brokenpromises
A new year, new #brokenpromises -- #Obamacare increases emergency care usage. #trainwreck
Today I voted in favor of proceeding to legislation that would extend the expanded emergency unemployment benefits program created after the fiscal crisis of 2008.   While I oppose the current version of the bill, I voted to proceed with considering the unemployment insurance extension because I believe the Senate should have the opportunity to debate and improve this important legislation. If Majority Leader Reid once again obstructs senators from offering amendments, I will oppose final passage of this bill.  The unemployment insurance benefits program needs to be reformed to ensure that it works better for those truly in need and connects those who are unemployed with available jobs. Additionally, Congress cannot continue to rack up more debt and pass the bill along to our children.  Any further extension of this program should be paid for, and I am working on offering amendments that both would offset this cost and help put Americans back to work.
Despite claims by the administration that Obamacare is slowing health care spending, there are stronger indications that the trend is due to the sluggish economy.  Health care spending increased 3.7 percent in 2012 to $2.8 trillion, according to an analysis released Monday by the Office of the Actuary at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, marking the fourth consecutive year of the slowest rates recorded in the 53-year history of the National Health Expenditure Accounts.
The average temperature in the U.S. at 8 a.m. EST was 13.9 degrees.  Stay warm everyone!
Video: New Year, Same Blame Game
Precious video of Caroline and Catherine skiing--for the very first time--over Christmas.  They’ll be conquering black diamonds before long!
Interesting. Number of Illinoisans signing up for concealed carry permits far outpaces number enrolling in Obamacare.
Happy birthday to my good friend Senator Rand Paul!   I hope as a present, we can finally #AuditTheFed!
About to join KLIN Radio at 5:10 CT to discuss the importance of combining unemployment benefits with meaningful job creation measures. Tune in here: http://player.tritondigital.com/2981
The current "real" unemployment rate tops 13%. There is no shortage of smart ideas out there to directly address job creation by repealing specific regulations and encouraging a fairer tax system. It is my hope this year that these ideas will get a vote so we can get our friends and neighbors back to work.
Just read inGazette that UofIowa pres Sally Mason opposes academic and cultural boycott of Israel  Thanks madam Pres   U r right
The Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act has gained real momentum, so we’re pushing to get it to the floor, where I believe it has more than the 60 votes necessary to pass. North Dakotans and those in similar circumstances across the country need fair and affordable flood insurance rates. This bipartisan legislation requires FEMA to complete an affordability study to ensure premiums are affordable for hard working families and businesses. Importantly, a key provision in the legislation is our legislation that makes sure communities in North Dakota and across the country are able to continue using floodproofed basement credits to determine their premiums.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=f6ef1097-2a23-4023-9c64-9394476df338
Tomorrow, Weber State celebrates their 125th anniversary.  My office and I are getting ready.  We will be serving grape #Jello tomorrow in my weekly "Jell-O with the senator" event.  If you are in DC stop by my office to celebrate the contribution this fine institution makes to our community.
I had a great time last night on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno and my daughter, Meghan!
As I continue my Kansas Listening Tour across the state, I encourage you to visit my website, moran.senate.gov, to see my upcoming stops.   The video below highlights my 1000th Town Hall meeting in Marion. The reality is I enjoy hosting town hall meetings — I think this is the way Democracy should work. Much of what I know and the issues I focus on in our nation’s capital are based on these conversations with Kansans.
Today, the Department of Defense announced they awarded a $16 million grant to Geary County USD 475 to replace Fort Riley Elementary School. Funding for a new Ft. Riley Elementary School is a great way to kick off the new year. The Kansas Delegation has been working to address the overcrowding and overall condition of Fort Riley's schools, which are well-beyond capacity. The Junction City, Kansas, community and the Geary County School District have accommodated for population growth at Ft. Riley, so it’s encouraging to see the federal government carry out its commitment and prioritize education for the children of those who serve our nation.
I want Alaskans to know that I am still extremely concerned over the cost-of-living adjustment decrease for early military retirees that was part of the budget compromise last month.  While I voted for the overall deal to provide better economic certainty nationwide and avert another shutdown, I immediately co-sponsored an effort to restore full retirement pay for military member that was voted down by the Senate majority.  I am incredibly frustrated that the Democratic majority in the Senate is showing no urgency in addressing this issue, but I am committed to seeking a solution before this provision kicks in January 2016.
Prasnigo and Merry Christmas to everyone celebrating Russian Orthodox Slaviq today in Alaska!  I know the next week will be one filled with good food, good friends, and beautiful singing.
Unemployment still impacts millions of Americans, so we've got to have some compassion for those caught up in the administration’s economic failures. That’s why I voted to open debate on unemployment insurance. We need to reform and restructure our unemployment benefits rather than just keeping the extensions ongoing.
More fruit and vegetables are headed to Alaska’s food banks and partners across the state, thanks to the Department of Agriculture announcing today it will spend existing funds on food emergency programs.  I sent a letter with two dozen of my colleagues back in August to encourage Secretary Vilsack to help those in need – and today’s news is a positive way to ring in the New Year at a very difficult time for so many Alaskans and Americans.
Spoke on the Senate floor about the need to pay for any Unemployment Insurance extension and, most importantly, how to get people back to work.
As Congress considers extending emergency unemployment insurance benefits again, my focus will continue to be on how to get Ohioans back to work by improving the economy and creating the opportunity for more people to find a job.  I voted to proceed with the debate over how to address unemployment insurance with the hope that during the debate the Senate will agree to pay for the extension and work to improve the unemployment insurance program so it works better to connect those unemployed with available jobs.  Not paying for the extension adds to the nation's historic debt, causing more uncertainty for the economy and making it harder to create jobs.  We must also include reforms that help equip the unemployed with the skills they need to access jobs currently available, through worker retraining reforms like those in the bipartisan CAREER Act I have introduced with Senator Michael Bennet.
WATCH: Today, Senator Shelby took to the Senate floor to explain his opposition to Janet Yellen’s confirmation and voice his concern over the direction of the Federal Reserve as an institution.
Sen. Sessions spoke on the Senate floor yesterday to offer ideas to help struggling workers find good-paying jobs:  Energy: “The Administration has blocked American energy. They have dragged their feet in every shape, form, and fashion, whether it is moratoriums in the gulf or blocking in Alaska, blocking the pipeline for our neighbors in Canada, or blocking production on public lands. This is not the way to create an economy.”  Trade: “We need to stand up for American workers and American manufacturing on the world stage. It is time to tell our trading partners: ‘We are willing to trade with you… but you have to play by the rules.’”  Immigration: “We admit a million [people] a year legally. We believe in immigration, we support immigration, but at some point you are bringing in workers to take jobs from unemployed Americans. So now we are here trying to extend unemployment benefits to help unemployed Americans. Is there no common sense in this body? How can this possibly be?”  Taxes and Federal Regulations: “We need a tax system that is not always going up but is more growth-oriented, simpler, more focused on creating growth. We need to eliminate every unnecessary regulation that burdens the American competitive marketplace and makes us less competitive globally instead of adding to them, and we have never seen anything like the plethora of new regulations being issued day after day, week after week, month after month, many of them challengeable constitutionally as being beyond the power of bureaucrats to issue…”  Debt: “Our debt is so large—$17-plus trillion—now that it is causing uncertainty in the economic markets. We have to get our spending under control… The unemployment bill that is before us today makes no attempt whatsoever to find spending reductions in other areas of this monstrosity of a government, but borrows every penny of it.”
NA
NA
Great meeting just now with Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals CEO Dr. Stephen Klasko. Thanks for your leadership and service to southeastern Pennsylvania!
Happy birthday to Senator Rand Paul and Senator John Thune. It is a pleasure serving with you both!
NA
Nobody benefits–neither homeowner nor taxpayer–when NFIP premium increases result in foreclosure.
