I’ll be on Paul and Meg in the morning at 9:15am – tune into 96.9 FM if you’re in the Charlotte area or listen here.
Scam Alert. The IRS says Americans have been scammed out of more than $1 million by thieves posing as IRS agents. Read what to lookout for so you can protect yourself.
It's great to be in Clinton this morning. We were at the Boston Mountain Rural Health Center and now we're at Ozark Health. Thanks to David Deaton for the tour.
Starting the day off talking economic issues with members of the Home Builders Association in Conway.
Four years ago, Democrats in Congress were confident that Obamacare would be extremely popular. Today, the law has broken almost every single promise that President Obama made about it.  Millions of Americans have lost their coverage, lost their doctors, can’t afford their premiums, and can’t work as many hours because of Obamacare. Instead of continuing to implement a poorly written law, Washington needs to focus on common sense reforms that will improve access to quality, affordable health care for all Americans.
In the spirit of Hoosier native David Letterman, here are the top 10 things I won't be able to do since Putin banned me from Russia:  10. I won’t be able to complete my granddaughter’s Russian doll collection  9. I won’t be able to compare the Bolshoi Opera House with the Palladium in Carmel  8. I’ll never learn the Russian translation of our dog Hoosier  7. I won’t be able to ski on the slushy slopes of Sochi  6. I won’t be able to buy Marsha a Russian mink coat for Christmas  5. I won’t be able to counsel Duma members on how to say no to a President  4. I’ll have to cancel my tennis match with Maria Sharapova  3. I won’t be able to compare Russiaville, IN with Russia  2. I won’t be able to see if borscht really does taste just like pork tenderloin  1. Our summer vacation in Siberia is a no go
Important work going on at the Idaho National Laboratory in Idaho Falls. Thrilled to show it all off to U.S. Senate colleagues, Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and John Barrasso (R-Wyoming).
Receiving a biomass feedstock demonstration as part of our energy systems laboratory tour here at the @INL. #idpol
Addressed the attendees of the Partnership for Science and Technology Breakfast this morning in Idaho Falls.
Another photo from our stop at Jennifer Junior High in Lewiston, today. #idpol
Treasury investigators are warning of a phone scam:  Criminals pretending to be IRS agents that have already bilked more than $1 million from U.S. taxpayers.  Don't be fooled.  Read this warning from the IRS and please share with others. 
Sent a letter with Senator Rand Paul, Sen. Mike Enzi, United States Senator Mike Lee, and Sen. Pat Roberts notifying Sen. Reid that we will support an objection to the Ukrainian aid package unless a vote is held to strip out language regarding International Monetary Fund changes.
New House Ukraine bill shows Republicans and Democrats agree: quit holding Ukraine aid hostage to unrelated issues like the IMF.
Texas is at the forefront of a great American energy renaissance complete with great jobs if government will get out of the way! #MakeDCListen
The Department of Justice doesn't believe there is a conflict of interest in a major Democrat donor leading the investigation of the targeting of conservatives by the #IRS.  What do you think?
Two more Maduro opponents "begin the judgement process." #sosvenezuela 
Next week my staff will hold local office hours in Tecumseh, Auburn, Falls City, Pawnee City, and West Point. Check here for more information on times and locations.
So excited to watch the Huskers and Creighton both play in the  tournament today! Whose side are you on?
The unveiling of a new statue in the National Statuary Hall Collection of one of the greatest humanitarians and scientists will highlight two days of events to honor Iowan Norman Borlaug, the Iowa congressional delegation said today.  The statue unveiling is on Tuesday, March 25, at 11 a.m. (ET). Read more:  http://tinyurl.com/mlyrbrf
After Q&A in 16 counties this week, I'm headed to gun show at Hawkeye Downs
Drove on hwy where Fred&I hit a deer.  No deer this time.
Q&A w Dyersville Noon Lions Club 34 ppl Topics-PlannedParenthood funding, Agent Orange-Vietnam vets, Obamacare, TaxExtenders, RFS, IRAs, IRS
SenUdall &I led letter frm 26 senators 2 committee ldrs abt extending job-creating wind energy tax incentives Read at http://t.co/qoyYav4wqo
Q&A-Delaware Cty FarmBureau Manchester 28 ppl Topics-COOL, trade, CAegg law, taxes, lock&Dam, RFS, GMO, Keystone,Obamacare, EPAregs, MinWage
Appreciate Maquoketa School Supt stop by town hall this a.m. Said thx 4 work by Mimi in my office 2 get students out of Kenya last summer
Maquoketa Town Hall-29 ppl-Topics-foreign aid, IRAs, Ukraine, Exec Orders, Benghazi, ATF, Min Wage, GasTax, Keystone, Farm Bill, Obamacare
Q&A w Le Claire Lyons Club 36 ppl Topics-SocialSecurity, Medicare,NSA, Obamacare, term limits, Ukraine, Syria, Keystone, IRS, med marijuana
Today, 150 years ago, President Lincoln signed legislation which allowed #Nevada to become a state. Last week, I spoke on the Senate floor to recognize this milestone and #Nevada’s subsequent 150 years of statehood. WATCH: http://bit.ly/1jcn0It #NV150
Had good visit to Mandan this week where I toured the National Information Solutions Cooperative (NISC), a leading electrical industry software provider.
Enjoyed singing the school song yesterday while visiting Erik Ramstad Middle School!
This is another important step we’ve been pushing for to improve postal service in the Williston area. We brought Postmaster General Donahoe to North Dakota last year, and our postmaster in Williston suggested that a new facility in the northern part of town would greatly improve services for customers. During Donahoe’s visit, we looked at possible sites for a new facility. We’re grateful that Postmaster General Donahoe listened to our community’s concerns and is making this new facility a reality.
GO BISON! Congratulations to the NDSU men's basketball team on last night's exciting win in the NCAA Division I Tournament! 
It was an honor to attend the naturalization ceremony of 63 new American citizens yesterday in Milwaukee.  Congratulations to all the new citizens and their families, including a member of my staff, Manny Vasquez.
As a former federal prosecutor, I have seen firsthand the impact of too many federal laws that have done too much to change our criminal justice system.  Momentum is building for prison sentencing reform in the Senate.  In order for America to reemerge as an opportunity society, we need to work on undoing some of the harmful effects of federal laws that disproportionately and adversely affect America's poor.  This is one of the better articles I have read on why this issue should concern all Americans. 
Although I've been rooting on the Wichita State Shockers, I'm about to host a live Q&A on Smoky Hills Public Television. The Q&A will be live-streamed via the website linked below. I encourage you to call 1-800-337-4788 to share feedback on critical issues facing Kansas and the country.
It was good to see folks in Ottawa County today at the Minneapolis VFW. Twenty-five area residents came out to discuss a number of issues impacting their community including access to health care — specifically for veterans — transportation and infrastructure, as well as maintaining their local post office. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
NA
I'll be hosting a live Q&A on Smoky Hills Public Television this evening from 7-8 p.m. CT. I encourage you to watch the livestream via their website or tune in to your local Smoky Hills Public Television station to hear me answer Kansans' questions about critical issues facing our nation. Kansans interested in calling-in to ask questions or share feedback should dial 1-800-337-4788. Details may be found at http://shptv.org/.
It’s Qaspeq/Atikluk/Kuspuk Friday in my Anchorage office!
Alaska is 3rd in the nation in per capita maritime jobs!  So many of our communities aren’t accessible by roads, so our waterways are our highways.  The hardworking men and women of the state's maritime industry provide a crucial transportation link that delivers essential fuel and supplies.  And, as our Arctic waterways open up, it is more important than ever that we focus on making sure these shipping lanes are safe today & into the future.
Happy I was able to wish Zachary Craig a very happy 16th birthday earlier this week in Big Lake.  I'm thrilled I was able to share his big day during my Parks Highway road trip.  As you can see, he even got a bit of cake to celebrate.  I know he's on to big things.  Happy Birthday!
When I talk to Ohioans about their concerns, one issue is always at the top of the list—jobs. Read my weekly column: 
Congratulations to KU for the win. On to round 2!
On this day in 1927, the Kansas State Flag was officially adopted!  http://kshs.org/kansapedia/kansas-state-flag/14498
Good luck Kansas teams!
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses ObamaCare, the right to carry a concealed weapon with The Washington Times’ Emily Miller
Visited Klein Farms Dairy and Creamery to better understand implications of a potential EU initiative to force American cheese producers to change the names of cheeses that originally came from Europe: Cheddar, Muenster, Parmesan, Provolone, and Swiss to name a few. Ridiculous!
Today I visited Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network to learn about significant advances in rehabilitation services the hospital has made the past few years to help patients throughout Northeast PA.
Our Founding Fathers knew the danger of an imperial presidency and established a system of divided and limited power to protect against it. Sadly, President Obama continues to undermine this important balance through a flagrant use of administrative fiats.
