Sen. Alexander today released the following statement on the Senate’s passage of immigration reform, which included an amendment by Sen. Corker to strengthen border security before any newly registered immigrant can apply for legal permanent residency: “It is the constitutional responsibility of Congress and the president to fix our broken immigration system. Senator Corker’s amendment dramatically strengthens border security. The bill ends de facto amnesty and creates a system of legal immigration. Now it goes to the House of Representatives to improve the legislation and finish the job.” http://1.usa.gov/1239RCS
With Jason, Kira, Megan and Emme Haviland of Nashua.
I voted against the Senate immigration bill today because it doesn’t adequately prioritize border security and it fails to address the nation’s “other border” – the hiring desk. Please watch my floor speech earlier today and share your thoughts below.
Today I joined my co-sponsors of the #StudentLoan bill to discuss our permanent, bi-partisan solution. We're tired of this issue being a political football. Let's solve the problem.
Congratulations to my friend and fellow North Carolinian, Anthony Foxx, on his confirmation as Transportation Secretary.
There is no disputing that we need to address our nation’s porous borders, backlogged immigration system and lax enforcement of hiring practices. Unfortunately, the Senate’s legalize now, enforce later approach is the wrong way to reform our broken system.    This legislation fails to address the core problem of border security and does not provide the resources necessary for enforcement. This needs to be the cornerstone for reform. Instead of listening to the demands of the American people by focusing on securing the border, Majority Leader Reid offered immediate amnesty with a ‘promise’ of future security enhancements that will likely never happen.  Congress approved amnesty in the mid-1980s. It didn’t work then and it won’t work now.  I appreciate the efforts of my colleagues to fix our immigration system, but the American people deserve a solution that upholds the rule of law. They also deserve a more vigorous debate than we were allowed to have by Majority Leader Reid. There were a number of amendments that were offered that would have strengthened this bill, but Leader Reid shut down debate and did not allow us to consider them.  Immigration reform is a serious subject. It deserves a serious debate. Instead, we are left with another instance of Washington’s rush to do something, instead of doing the right thing.
It seems as if everyday we get some more news on just how bad the President's health care law is. Unfortunately, this comes as no surprise. The law was rushed through Congress with little support from the American people. This $2.2 trillion law threatens Social Security, Medicare, and our economic recovery. It is time for us to start over. We need patient-centered health care reform. Moving forward, I will continue to fight for repeal and push for commonsense reforms that make health care more affordable and accessible for all Americans. Read about health care's rocky ride in this week's column.
A bill I introduced with Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL) and Chris Coons (D-DE) to increase trade with African nations and create more jobs here at home was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee this week. Learn more about it by reading the blog post linked below.
Throughout the past month, I've traveled Wyoming and listened to a wide range of opinions about our immigration system. Like most people in Wyoming, I agree that we need to fix our broken immigration system – and that this bill isn't the right answer. In its current form, the bill fails to secure our border and also provides very expensive benefits to people here illegally. I voted no today because I know that we don’t need another massive, flawed law that won’t fix the problem.
NA
Senator Dan Coats (R-Ind.), ranking Republican on the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security, issued the following statement regarding Senate passage of comprehensive immigration reform legislation:  “The American people deserve an immigration system that is fair, effective and delivers on past promises to secure our nation’s borders. While there are some good measures in this legislation, the bill does not avert the fundamental mistake of the 1986 immigration reform act – granting legal status with only promises, not proven results, of border security. In order to obtain the trust of the American people, this legislation needs to ensure real results on securing our borders before beginning the path to citizenship for illegal immigrants.  “As the son of an immigrant and the ranking Republican on the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security, I will continue working for immigration reform, border security and other measures to successfully address the flow of illegal immigration. I hope the House of Representatives will come forward with alternative legislation that is more credible than what the Senate passed today.”  The Senate passed the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S.744) in a vote of 68 to 32.
Just voted against final passage of the #immigration reform bill. #Senate #idpol
News Release: Senator Risch and I opposed closing debate on the Immigration Reform bill.  Comprehensive immigration reform is not something that the Senate should rush through. We need to reform our immigration policies, but I cannot support this bill as it stands.  Congress failed to reform our immigration system in 1986, and unfortunately, this bill is on a fast track to repeat the very same mistakes.  The Majority Leader has scheduled a vote on final passage of this bill at 4:00pm Eastern today.
The Banking Committee is holding a hearing today to consider the President’s nominees to various agencies.  View from the dais before the hearing begins.
"Sen. Cornyn sent a letter to the National Right to Life convention underscoring his support."
PHOTO: @SenTedCruz and I making good on NBA Finals bet w/Florida senators:
Immigration Bill Riddled with Pork:
Red Alert Politics: Cornyn Slams Immigration Reform as 'Business as Usual' in DC
Vote on final passage of Senate immigration bill likely this afternoon, circa 4 p.m.
Speaking on immigration reform on Senate floor circa 11 a.m. ET
Desperation for a deal on immigration can lead to a bad deal.  We can do better
My op-ed on why I'm voting against the Gang of 8 bill:
Today, the Senate passed S.744, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act of 2013, by a vote of 68-32, which includes the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment.  Senator Corker said, “This is the toughest border security measure to ever pass the Senate, and from economic, national security, deficit-reduction and moral standpoints, it’s the right thing to do.  Because of the amendment Senator Hoeven and I added to the bill, this legislation requires an additional 20,000 Border Patrol agents and at least 700 miles of fencing along the southern border, full implementation and activation of $4.5 billion in surveillance technology, an electronic visa entry/exit system, and a mandated E-Verify system for all employers. Passage of this bill gets us one step closer to securing our border in a dramatic way and to solving the immigration problem that we have struggled with for decades.”  Read more here:  http://1.usa.gov/15Krbyx
In Case You Missed It: PolitiFact.com, “a project of the Tampa Bay Times and its partners to help you find the truth in politics,” says claims that the immigration bill “has a specific provision that says Secretary Napolitano does not have to build any fence if she chooses,” are FALSE. “Legal experts we spoke to said, instead, it gives her discretion about where to build border fencing,” writes PolitiFact.com. Section 3 of the Hoeven-Corker amendment makes it clear that before RPIs can adjust to lawful permanent resident status, the Southern Border Fencing Strategy must be implemented, putting in place “no fewer than 700 miles of pedestrian fencing.” The limitation in Section 5 states that DHS has some discretion in WHERE the fencing gets constructed as it drafts its strategy. Section 5 does not reference and therefore does not limit the requirements in Section 3 to establish 700 miles of pedestrian fencing before RPIs can apply for a green card. Read the full ruling here: http://bit.ly/12nkK6I. For clarification of some other common mischaracterizations of the amendment, review a Myth vs. Fact document here: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3.
No one loses when Shiner and Blue Bell are involved. Sen. John Cornyn and I making good on our Spurs/Heat NBA Finals bet with our Florida colleagues.
Vote is expected today on the Gang of Eight "amnesty now, border security later (never)" bill.
 
 SHARE if you don't want to repeat the mistakes of the 1986 amnesty!
We can all agree that our immigration system needs to be fixed, but this bill fails to address too many key issues for me to support it. In order for immigration reform to work, we must have a strong, workable employment verification system in place. If we can ensure that only legal job seekers gain employment in this country, then we remove the incentive for illegal immigration. The bill also fails to prevent non-citizens from receiving welfare and tax benefits and fails to fully address border security and border enforcement. Had more amendments been allowed, and if we had addressed the underlying issues individually, we could have made some commonsense changes that would have allowed everyone’s voice to be heard. Our constituents didn’t send us to Washington to get something done quickly, they sent us here to get it right.
The Senate will vote on the immigration reform bill around 2PM Wyoming time. The bill’s proposed E-Verify system makes it harder, not easier, for employers to ensure that their employees are lawful. It fails to protect businesses from employees submitting fake identification documents. In order for immigration reform to work we must have a strong, workable employment verification system in place. If we can ensure that only legal job seekers gain employment in this country, then we remove the incentive for illegal immigration.
In the past three weeks, we have only voted on a few amendments, far less than what is needed to addresses the serious flaws in the immigration reform legislation. The bill offers false promises about border security and enforcement measures. How does the proposed border security plan make our nation safe when current law is not being enforced? Failing to secure the border and ignoring enforcement will not reduce illegal immigration. Click below to read my full statement on why I cannot support the immigration reform bill.
Later today, the Senate will be voting on final passage of the immigration reform bill. We all want our immigration system to be fixed, but I cannot support a bill that misses the mark on so many levels. I will be voting “NO.”
Arizonans have had to wait far too long for Congress to take action to fix our broken immigration system, so I am pleased to support the passage of the Senate immigration reform bill. While neither side of the aisle got everything it wanted, the bill goes a long way toward securing our borders, modernizes our legal immigration system, spurs economic growth and provides a tough-but-fair solution to those here illegally. Now, it’s time for the House to act.
Great news for Arizona: The Air Force will locate three additional squadrons of F-35 fighter aircraft at Luke Air Force Base in Glendale. The three squadrons announced today are in addition to the three squadrons the Air Force selected to base at Luke AFB last August.  I’m glad to see the Air Force taking advantage of the unique attributes our state has to offer, making good use of the climate and environment to better enhance the defense of the nation. I welcome the squadrons’ personnel and their families to Arizona.
I am grateful to the thousands of Nebraskans who made their voices heard through phone calls, letters, and e-mails to me and my offices throughout the past several weeks. Like the majority of Nebraskans, I recognize the current immigration system is broken. Despite my efforts to amend the legislation crafted by a small group of senators, I don’t believe the final legislation adopted by the Senate is the right answer, and I could not support it.
I’m proud to work with U.S. Senator Mike Johanns on this Senate resolution commemorating the important role the Lincoln Highway has played in developing our country’s heritage by recognizing its historic centennial. As our nation’s first transcontinental highway, the Lincoln Highway revolutionized travel for Americans coast to coast and paved the way for enhanced economic development, tourism, and adventure in every community it touched.
In case you missed it, my op-ed running in today’s Politico argues that we need to modernize, not abandon our nuclear arsenal. Read it here, and ‘LIKE’ and ‘SHARE’ if you agree we need a robust nuclear deterrent to keep America safe and strong.
I two minutes senate votes on immigration reform.  Senators told by Leader to vote fr desk rather than milling around bc of historic vote
“The American people want a comprehensive immigration reform plan with tough border enforcement. They want to know that ten years from now, we won’t find ourselves in this same position, having to address the same problem.”
Glad to meet Ayca Cinar, an exchange student from Turkey who has been living with the Kostrzewski family of Grafton and attending the local high school.
Enjoying the winnings from Senator Durbin and my bet with Massachusetts Senators Cowan and Warren #Blackhawks #StanleyCup!
Voted to increase border security & unlock the potential of 525,000 people in our state who will build businesses and boost the #Illinois economy. Please share this post with your friends.
I just voted no on final passage for the Gang of 8 comprehensive immigration reform bill.
I delivered a floor speech earlier today to explain why I will be voting against the #Gangof8 bill.  Here is the Twitter version of this speech.  If you are on Twitter you can help me spread the message about the problems with this bill.
Very proud that today we passed comprehensive immigration reform with 68 votes in the Senate. I thank my colleagues for their dedication and support of the bill and I look forward to working with my friends in the House on this vital issue.
NA
Today I voted against passage of the Gang of Eight immigration bill. Like many Kansans, I am skeptical this rushed 1,200-page bill will create an immigration system that is fair, efficient, meets the needs of the American economy, and discourages future illegal activity. You can read my full statement below.
Buhler High School Junior Maren Berblinger stopped by my DC office yesterday as a delegate to the Washington Youth Summit on the Environment. Maren was one of 250 high school students from across the country chosen to participate, and it's great to have her representing our state.
Obesity isn’t healthy for anyone- it can have debilitating effects on both health and health care costs.  Our nation’s health care costs are set to explode in the near future because of our obesity crisis, so I am happy my efforts to improve nutrition standards for our youngest Americans are on track to becoming a reality.   Obese children often become obese adults, so it’s healthy for our nation and economy to nip this problem in the bud.
Today, I joined 67 of my Senate colleagues in fixing something that has been broken for decades.  I have always believed that immigration reform legislation should have teeth, heart and 21st century enhancements – and all three priorities have been reached through this bill. It’s important for all of us to acknowledge that we have a broken immigration system that has resulted in 11 million undocumented workers in our nation.  We couldn’t un-break it or undo where we are today; we had to fix it intelligently, impose penalties and move forward.  I said this bill has teeth and heart.  This bill improves our border security by doubling the number of border patrol agents along the Southwest border and strengthening the fence to stem the number of illegal entries into our nation.  Not only that, it includes 21st century technological rigor, through an improved entry/exit visa tracking system that ensures visitors do not extend their stay, as well as mandatory use of the Internet tool e-Verify to make sure that employers hire authorized employees. This bill also creates a lengthy and costly 13-year path to citizenship for those who already here and places them at the back of the line, to create penalties for those who have broken the law and while not pulling families apart.   We are a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws.  Today’s legislation strikes the right balance by repairing a broken system, demonstrating to 11 million undocumented workers that illegal actions have consequences and rewarding the faith and aspirations of those around the world seeking to follow the correct path to reach what America has to offer.
Our immigration system is broken and in need of reform.  It can neither keep up with the demand for legal immigration nor stem the flow of illegal immigration.  Unfortunately, the legislation the Senate voted on today is not a real fix because it does not include the new enforcement measures needed as part of a comprehensive package. Without addressing the magnet that draws people here illegally, I believe any immigration reform effort will unfortunately fail.
Watch to hear my thoughts on the immigration bill passing in the Senate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcX0Ggme3WU
Throwback Thursday: (L-R) me and my brothers Ronnie and Robert #tbt
Thanks to Reps. Walter Jones (R-NC), Chris Gibson (R-NY), Peter Welch (D-VT) and Rick Nolan (D-MN) for joining me at today's press conference to block aid to Syria.
I just voted no on the immigration bill before the Senate today. We've been down this road before. The 1986 comprehensive bill failed to achieve what was promised. The 2007 bill could not pass because of unrealistic promises and this legislation will fail as well, which is why I could not support it.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b21e0a05-189e-49bc-aadf-5bb3f1de61ee
Senator Rubio Delivers Closing Remarks On Immigration. FULL TRANSCRIPT: http://1.usa.gov/12tgyxM
As the Senate approaches a final vote on S. 744 in 20 minutes, Senator Shelby will vote NO. Here’s why:
NA
http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/06/sen_richard_shelby_gang_of_8_b.html#incart_river_default
Sessions released the following statement after Senate passage of the immigration bill:  “Sponsors of this legislation—despite the array of financial, establishment and special interest support—failed to hit their target of 70 votes. The more people learned about the bill the more uneasy they became. Failure to reach 70 votes is significant, and ensures the House has plenty of space to chart an opposite course and reject this fatally flawed proposal.   So while the bill passed the Senate, this is just the beginning.   The legislation adopted today guarantees three things: immediate amnesty before security, permanent future illegal immigration, and a record surge in legal immigration that will reduce wages and increase unemployment.   There will be no border fence, no border surge, nothing but the same tired illusory promises of future enforcement that will never occur. Americans have begged and pleaded time and again for Congress to end the lawlessness. But this amnesty-first bill is a surrender to lawlessness. As ICE and USCIS officers have warned, it will decimate immigration enforcement and erode the constitutional rule of law upon which our national greatness depends. And it remains unfair to the legal immigrants who put enormous time and expense into following the rules our nation has established.   This legislation demonstrates that the governing body in Washington has become severed from the people it is supposed to represent. It is a broken promise 1,200 pages long.   The Senate’s loyalty must be to the American people—immigrant and native-born alike—who work hard, pay their taxes, fight our wars, and obey our laws. 21 million Americans cannot find full-time work. Medium household income is almost ten percent lower today than it was in 1999. But this proposal would double the number of guest workers for businesses and provide permanent legal status to more than 30 million mostly-lower skill legal immigrants in the next ten years. This huge increase in the legal immigration flow will reduce wages and raise unemployment, and displace those who have suffered the most economically. As wise observers have said, we are a nation with an economy—not an economy with a nation.   We can create a lawful immigration system that makes us proud. But for that to happen, this bill must never become law. We must return to the drawing board and produce legislation that serves the just and legitimate interests of the nation, its people, and all who wish to call America home.”
Sessions is delivering his closing remarks NOW on the immigration bill. Final vote is at 4pm ET. You can watch live here:
The final vote on the Senate immigration bill is at 4pm ET.
Excerpt from Sessions' speech on the Senate floor this morning: "You must know friends that, when the Gang of Eight said there was a delicate balance — a fragile agreement — they weren’t talking primarily about the agreement among themselves — that was secondary. They were referring to the special-interest forces that were in the room writing the bill. Those interests, those forces, had signed in blood. The Gang then signed in blood to fight off any serious ideas that would violate the secret pact."
In anticipation of the final cloture vote this morning, Sessions will soon deliver remarks on the Senate floor about how the Gang of Eight legislation was produced, what it means for the American people, and what our obligation is to the working people of this country—immigrant and native-born alike. You can watch live here:
NA
Sessions just discussed the ICE and USCIS letters on the Senate floor urging Senators to oppose the bill citing public safety concerns. Click here to read the ICE letter:
I voted no on the #Senate #immigration bill. My statement here: http://ow.ly/msaIQ #BorderSecurityFirst
I just voted against the Gang of 8 bill. Unfortunately, it’s a huge missed opportunity to fix our broken immigration system.
Glad to introduce with Senator Ron Wyden the Wireless Tax Fairness Act to protect consumers from overbearing taxation.
June 27, 1863: Confederate Gen. Richard Ewell's II corps nears Carlisle, Pa. Meanwhile, Lt. Gen. James Longstreet's I Corps occupies Chambersburg & Brig. Gen. George Gordon occupies York. Watch Professor Len Fullenkamp, the U.S. Army War College's lead historian, on how combat bridges past and present:
Thanks again Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams for inviting me to the Summer of Peace Kick Off last Saturday. It was a great time!
I am looking forward to attending the grand opening of the Seminary Ridge Museum next week and touring the 20K square foot space that highlights the first day of the battle of Gettysburg.   http://www.seminaryridgemuseum.org/
Today, I voted against passage of the immigration bill because the legislation is deeply flawed and if enacted would not fix our broken system. The Corker-Hoeven amendment, in my view, improved the enforcement provisions of the bill. However, more work needed to be done to alleviate my concerns – and those of my constituents – to ensure that we stop the current onslaught of illegal immigration once and for all.
