Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) today participated in a press conference on Capitol Hill to reintroduce the “No Budget, No Pay Act,” a bipartisan bill to cut off pay to Congress if it doesn’t pass a budget. Alexander joined the bill’s primary sponsors, Senators Dean Heller (R-Nev.) and Joe Manchin (D-W. Va.), as well as Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.), John Cornyn (R-Texas), John Boozman (R-Ark.), and Mike Enzi (R-Wyo.).   Alexander said, “In Nashville on Sunday morning, I was getting ready to head up to the inauguration and a woman recognized me and said politely , ‘Why don’t you get them to do something right in Washington—no work, no pay.’   Alexander said, “That’s  the idea here…You can’t balance a budget if you don’t have a budget, and we haven’t had one in four years…In Tennessee, people know if you joined the Grand Ole Opry and you refused to sing, you wouldn’t get paid. If you join the United States Senate and you refuse to pass a budget—which is required by law—you shouldn’t get paid.”
In Case You Missed It: Video from this morning's reintroduction of the No Budget, No Pay Act
NA
NA
I took a few minutes today and joined Senator McCaskill to honor the life of Stan Musial on the Senate floor. What was your favorite memory of Stan “The Man” Musial?
Should members of Congress be paid if they fail to do the most basic job and pass a budget? I'm a proud cosponsor of "No Budget No Pay" that would prohibit members of Congress from being paid if they do not pass a long-term budget and all appropriations bills each fiscal year.
Senator Mike Enzi and I joined 51 other Senators in a bipartisan letter to President Obama urging the approval of the Keystone XL pipeline.
I'm about to join Jon Scott on FOX News at 11:45 am (ET) 9:45 am (MT) to talk about this morning’s Senate hearing on Benghazi with Sec. Clinton.
The spend less, borrow less and tax less Hoosier model has resulted in balanced budgets, job creation, and a triple-A credit rating. In contrast, the spend more, borrow more and tax more approach in Washington during the last four years has resulted in fewer jobs, higher debt and a threatened downgrade from credit agencies.
Senator Crapo, who is the lead Republican on VAWA, joined a bipartisan group of senators calling for the passage of the Violence Against Women Act
PHOTO: Senator Crapo joins a bipartisan group of senators calling for the passage of VAWA. - Staff
Cornyn, Bipartisan Group of Senators Urge President To Approve Keystone XL
PHOTO: Cornyn calls on Pres. Obama to stop blocking Keystone XL pipeline and thousands of TX jobs with it:
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls for Passage of No Budget, No Pay Bill:
U.S. Senators Cornyn and Cruz Joint Statement on Texans Killed in Algeria:
Senator Corker announced today he is an original cosponsor of “No Budget, No Pay,” bipartisan Senate legislation that would suspend pay for members of Congress if they fail to pass a budget and all appropriations bills by the beginning of the fiscal year on October 1. “Failing to pass a budget and accomplish this most basic responsibility of government is a total failure of leadership and represents everything the American people hate about Washington,” said Corker. “If Congress can’t perform its most basic responsibility, I worry how we’ll ever demonstrate the courage needed to make the tough decisions necessary to put our country on a path to fiscal solvency.” Corker has never accepted his Senate salary. Since taking office in 2007, his salary has gone directly to the Community Foundation of Greater Chattanooga which distributes it to various charities.
Today at 9:00 a.m. ET, Senator Corker will question Secretary of State Hillary Clinton about the Benghazi terrorist attack during a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.  Live streaming coverage is available on C-SPAN 3: http://cs.pn/nqkT9q
Joined Senator John Hoeven this afternoon for a press conference supporting the Keystone Pipeline: http://bit.ly/XZ1qIG
 
 I hope the President will act to remove the barriers and approve this pipeline -- LIKE if you do too!
Beyonce, lip-syncing or not, did an amazing job with the National Anthem. Here's my iPhone video from the Capitol steps. Even though I wish the outcome of the presidential election had been different, it was nonetheless an incredible honor to participate in the Constitutional process of the Inauguration.
Today, Senator Barrasso and I joined more than 50 of our Democrat and Republican colleagues in sending a letter to President Obama urging him to finish the review process and approve the Keystone XL pipeline by the Administration’s own March 2013 deadline. Click the link below to read the letter.
January 13, 2013
A country, home, business, county or town without a budget is like a ship without a rudder. If a business doesn’t have a budget, the CEO gets fired. We can’t do that in Congress, but we can stop getting paid.
After this morning’s hearing with Secretary Clinton, the picture of what happened in Benghazi remains hazy at best. Serious questions remain. An example? Why did Amb. Rice make statements contradicting known intelligence and analysis at the time?
Senator Grassley moves to beef up whistleblower law
Grassley pushes White House on Sunshine Act regs - The Hill's Healthwatch
Joined Senator Joe Manchin III, Senator Lamar Alexander, Senator Kelly Ayotte, John Boozman, John Cornyn, and Mike Enzi today to introduce No Budget, No Pay. If Members of Congress don't do their job, they should not be paid. Like this post if you agree.
Led a bipartisan news conference today, calling for the President to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. http://hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=f3565e53-1d23-48a8-9eb9-67d78d62eb8b
“Chester Reiten was a great North Dakotan and a great American. He especially loved Minot. I feel privileged to have known Chet all my life, and I am thankful to have called him a friend. He has left an indelible impact on our state and country, first serving our nation during World War II and returning home to become a pioneer North Dakota broadcaster, mayor of Minot, state legislator and the heart and soul of Høstfest, which today remains the largest Scandinavian festival in North America. These many accomplishments, and more, made Chet an easy choice for the Theodore Roosevelt Rough Rider Award, which I was proud to present to him in 2002. Chet truly was an all-around great guy who will be deeply missed. Mikey and I extend our thoughts and prayers to his wife of more than 65 years, Joy, and his family and friends.”
My response to the Defense Department's plans related to women in combat: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=698d68ad-f2eb-8cc6-2ae2-3027ab35fee7
VIDEO: President Should Drop Polarizing, Hard-Left Agenda and Focus on Bipartisan Solutions
Sen. McConnell's speech on Washington spending being the problem is below:
The ever growing national debt is a threat to our economy and the future of our children. Tonight I’m hosting a town hall meeting via telephone as part of my new Fight For Our Future initiative. It is important that Kansans have an opportunity to share their thoughts about our country’s overspending and weigh-in on the proposals being considered in Congress.  The call begins at 6:45 p.m. CT and will last approximately one hour. If you would like to join, please dial 1-877-229-8493 and enter 18384 when prompted. I look forward to hearing your input and ideas.
Congress and the President need to hear your voice in the fight to reduce spending. Today I launched Fight For Our Future to make that happen. Please visit www.moran.senate.gov/ourfuture to learn about the issue, vote for proposed solutions, and provide feedback directly to Washington.
I am so happy to welcome Angelina Burney to my Anchorage office!  She has the unique ability to see government from all perspectives – federal, state and the private sector.  I am thrilled Angelina has joined my team and I know that she will be able to hit the ground running as work picks up in this 113th Congressional Session.
Proud to be among a bipartisan group of Senators urging the President to move forward on the Keystone XL pipeline.
My Morning Meeting is back up and online.  Today’s topics? Secretary of State Hillary Clinton answers questions about the Benghazi attack and we have a new bipartisan push for the Keystone XL Pipeline.
On tonight with Greta Van Susteren at 10p talking about our legislation making Dollar for Dollar principle permanent, which will force DC to make tough choices necessary to address nation's out of control debt, hope you tune in.
As the the most senior Marine in the Congress, today I released the following statement on Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton’s testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19PWOjKch9c
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=b8oms5GoQ7I   For my first legislative effort in the new 113th Congress, U.S. today I introduced a resolution to put Senators on the record to affirm that Congress holds the sole authority to borrow money on the credit of the United States and cannot cede this power to the President.   At issue are recent statements, by the President and his Administration, making it quite clear they would like the unilateral power to raise the Nation’s debt ceiling without the required, and often politically difficult, vote in congress.
Senator Rubio Delivers Speech on Middle Class Opportunity At  Video: http://bit.ly/WNbaVd Excerpts: http://1.usa.gov/Wuwj6Q
In a statement today, Sen. Sessions responded to the Senate majority's statement that they will acquiesce to his and other Republicans' demands that the chamber adopt a budget. Sessions emphasized that the plan should achieve balance within 10 years, not simply be described rhetorically as a "balanced approach":  "To compel Senate action I have introduced legislation, blocked recess, and encouraged the use of the debt ceiling as leverage. Now, with their pay threatened, and long-simmering public anger growing, Senate Democrats have suddenly seen the light... It certainly won't be easy to put this nation on a sound financial course, but it is essential. Needed fiscal changes will not only prevent an economic nightmare but they will reduce growing poverty, dependency, and joblessness and help more Americans live free and prosperous lives."
I've introduced the Full Faith & Credit Act to prevent a government default and ensure that our soldiers and seniors receive the benefits they deserve.
Honored beyond words to be working to rename Philly’s VA Medical Center after Congressional Medal of Honor recipient Cpl. Michael J. Crescenz, USA. His full citation can – and should – be read here:
Thanks to all who weighed in on term limits. I heard you loud and clear. I’m cosponsoring a constitutional amendment with Senator David Vitter to enact Congressional term limits for both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. Congress should not be a body of career politicians who have forgotten why they were sent to Washington in the first place. We’re here to do the people’s work, to solve the problems we face, and to leave to our children a stronger, safer, more prosperous nation.  I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to see this through.
NA
ICYMI, I shared my ideas on how we can resolve the debt limit on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning.
I'll be on Squawk Box at 7:40 this morning to discuss the debt limit and plans to stabilize our fiscal future. I hope you'll tune in then.
