In response to the recent reports of misconduct at VA clinics in Tennessee and around the nation, Senators Alexander and Corker sent a letter to the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations requesting “an immediate investigation into reported mismanagement, incompetence, and corruption within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) health care centers throughout the country.” Last week, they also sent two letters asking for information on Tennessee VA facilities and calling for the VA to conduct a “thorough, open and transparent” audit. To view these letters, click here: http://tiny.cc/y8jbgx
My open letter to America’s veterans. #VAaccountability
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced it will revise previously proposed rules intended to curb the political speech of tax-exempt groups. This is welcomed news.  I’m pleased the agency backed off its proposal that challenges the Constitution and political speech of 501(c)(4) organizations. More than 150,000 comments on the regulation, the most on any proposed rule, rightfully led the agency to reevaluate this proposal and back off this rule.  The attack of First Amendment rights by the IRS is unacceptable. That’s why I joined my colleagues earlier this year in efforts to prevent this abuse of power. As a cosponsor of the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014, I will continue to follow the progress on this rule and prevent overreach by this agency.
This morning I spoke with Frank Gaffney about U.S. policy towards Russia. I talked about how Russia, particularly Putin, only responds to strength, not weakness. Listen to our discussion by clicking the link below. 
Enjoyed being at today's 500 Festival Memorial Day service on the circle in Indianapolis
PHOTO: I was fortunate to meet with Mountain Home Civic Leaders, including Mountain Home Mayor Tom Rist,  Military Affairs Committee Chairman Dave Bergh, Bill Richey, Idaho’s Special Assistant for Military Affairs and Alan Bermansolo, a member of the CSAF and COMACC Civic Leaders group in my Washington, D.C., office to express my continued support for the Base and the Mountain Home community.  I enjoyed our discussion and appreciate their willingness to make the trip! #idpol
NA
Check out some behind the scenes photos of Thursday's Senate Appropriations Committee as Senator Collins discussed her bipartisan provision to include the fresh, white potato in the WIC program.
This Memorial Day weekend, in cities and towns all over America, small red paper flowers will be worn and carried by Americans honoring our veterans.  We are so grateful that our nation has warriors who defend and protect us from harm.  Please join me in pausing to remember those who have fallen.
We should have headlines like these across the United States. Let's take the American Energy Renaissance nationwide!
Texans: Today is your last day to vote early in the Primary Runoff Election -- make your voice heard and SHARE to remind your friends!
What an honor for UTSA's SOSA - Spirit of San Antonio (UTSA Marching Band) who will represent the United States and perform at the 70th anniversary World War II D-Day Memorial Parade and Musical Salute to the Veterans in Normandy!
This designation is long overdue for the victims of the Fort Hood shooting and their families who deserve our prayers and support in dealing with this horrific act of terrorism.  I applaud Sen. John Cornyn for his leadership and vigorous inquiries to the FBI about whether this was, indeed, an act of terrorism. Getting the Director of the FBI on record confirming the Fort Hood attack was inspired by Al Qaeda and was not an act of "workplace violence," was critical in giving the victims and families the benefits they need.
This Memorial Day people all across Wyoming and this great nation will remember our nation’s veterans and the sacrifices they have made to keep our nation strong and free. Too many of them never made it home. The Air Force Memorial says, they gave their todays for our tomorrows. Diana and I join all of you this Memorial Day in saying a prayer that God will keep those who serve our nation safe and bring them home to us. We will also keep those who have died and their families and friends in our thoughts and prayers. We owe them all a debt we will never be able to repay.
The EPA needs to be put on a leash to keep it from overstepping its bounds and designating every economic activity as harmful to the environment in order to further its own agenda. I joined Senators David Vitter, R-La., and Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., to limit the EPA’s role in reviewing Clean Water Act permits. The EPA has attempted to predetermine the fate of activities such as mining on its own and without warning. Our bill would force the agency to honor the process already in place and not make politically motivated decisions that would affect private and public activities.
Senator Grassley reminds us to honor and never forsake our fallen and living heroes who have sacrificed life and limb to defend the homeland, protect national security and fight for our values with valor and virtue. 
Here is Jan’s safety tip #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Yesterday, the Senate Armed Services Committee completed markup and passed the FY'15 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) by a committee vote of 25-1. I am proud that our bill stays within budget caps while funding our military readiness. Oklahoma and all of our military came out ahead with a provision that prevents a Base Realignment and Closure next year. I was also able to ensure funding for all 7 AWACS that the President's defense budget divested, despite these aircrafts being essential for detecting enemy aircraft. From improving mental health support for our military members to preserving commissaries, there are many noteworthy provisions for our state's military communities that you can read about here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/ranking-member-inhofe-completes-second-successful-markup-of-ndaa
Yesterday the Senate came together with strong bipartisan support and passed the WRRDA bill, which will now send this legislation to the President's desk to be signed into law. This bill cuts red tape and addresses critical safety requirements and regulatory reforms that will benefit our nation's economy and Oklahoma for decades into the future. As a conferee member, I was able to ensure provisions that will maintain Oklahoma's inland waterways as viable means of transportation and help to meet the water requirements for our rural communities. To learn more about how WRRDA will benefit Oklahoma, please read here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-congressional-passage-of-water-resource-reform-and-development-act
So much for the cost curve bending down. http://t.co/XzaMxRQlWg
If you are a vet with experience at one of the 5 VA hospitals serving #IL, #ShareYourStory: http://bit.ly/va-experience
$16.6 million in bonuses awarded to Hines VA employees during manipulated schedules and wait times. Unacceptable. 
I voted to end $16m+ in Hines VA bonuses paid despite reports of secret lists.  #ShareYourStory: vets@kirk.senate.gov
"With Memorial Day weekend this weekend, take some pictures of places you visit and enter the contest.  Utah has a lot to offer and this is a good opportunity to share Utah with the world." #RoadLessTraveledUtah  This article from The Petroglyph features two of the submissions that have been entered so far.  If you have an Instagram account, you should go check out the rest of the entries and submit your own.  I hope you have a great Memorial Day weekend!
Today I traveled to Junction City to visit with hospital administrators and medical staff at Geary Community Hospital (GCH). During my visit, we discussed concerns with unnecessarily burdensome and flawed Medicare audit regulations. Kansas hospitals have been forced to divert significant resources away from caring for patients to appeal incorrect audit decisions that are ultimately overturned through the appeal process. This broken Medicare audit program places an unreasonable burden on providers, and has created a two-year appeals backlog within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  Too often, federal policies fail to take into account the realities of delivering health care in Kansas communities. It is important that the federal government understands the impact of these rules and regulations on the financial well-being of Kansas hospitals, and the potential they have for significantly disrupting patient access to important health care services. Thanks to GCH CEO Joe Stratton for hosting my visit. Here, I'm pictured with Geary Community Hospital Chief Radiologist Pat Landes who also serves on Junction City Commission.
In case you missed it, here's my interview with Chuck Todd on msnbc's The Daily Rundown discussing dysfunction within the Department of Veterans Affairs and suggestions on how it could be improved.
At around 8 a.m. CT, I'll be joining Chuck Todd on MSNBC's The Daily Rundown to discuss VA dysfunction and my efforts in the Senate Appropriations Committee to hold the VA accountable. I encourage you to tune in.
Memorial Day is the perfect time to share my new "Veteran Spotlight" with Commander William Howell, Jr of Sterling, who served the United States on submarines during the Cold War, the first Gulf War, and our operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.  He believes that every American has a duty to our country; I couldn't agree more. I thank him and all our valued military for their service.
In case you missed it, last night I joined Eric Bolling on Fox's Hannity to discuss the VA hospitals and Benghazi.  Watch HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-4jauAnsMY
We dare you not to smile at this "Happy" video displaying the enthusiasm of students and faculty at Smith Center H.S. on the last day of school. Well done Smith Center! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ4ijXumKjs&sns=fb
I support a bill to sanction Russia’s Rosoboronexport – the sole state agency for export of Russian weapons systems and defense-related goods. We should not continue to spend American tax dollars to line the pockets of chronies of Vladimir Putin. This action would show that the United States is serious about sanctions with real consequences for Russian aggression in Ukraine and elsewhere.  This effort represents a focused foreign policy and leadership that has been lacking in the Obama Administration. 
NA
Great seeing students from Spartanburg's Westgate Christian School in Washington this week!
Have a safe Memorial Day.  And let's all take some time to remember why we have a three-day weekend. #grateful  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic8zMkYwnq8 
Kris and I are praying for the families in Elk County who were affected by this week’s severe storms and extensive flooding.
Great visit with #Pittsburgh's Mike Pintek in studio today!
With Kristen Bires, education & outreach manager with the Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter. Thank you for the work you do! #BurghProud #ENDALZ
I am pleased that this year’s NDAA also demands the Air Force to provide more details about the transfer of C-130Js from Keesler and whether the move would actually produce savings for American taxpayers. I will continue to call for answers about its costs and consequences until officials can justify the transfer of planes and personnel with defensible data.  I know that Senator Cochran, a leader on the Senate Defense Appropriations Committee, will demand the same level of accountability.
Ensuring that our military and defense operations have the tools they need to keep our nation secure is one of Congress’s most important responsibilities. That is why I fought to include a number of provisions in this year's defense authorization bill to strengthen military readiness, protect the National Guard from the Administration’s misguided cuts, and bolster the nation’s amphibious shipping fleet.
Enjoyed visiting w/ 9yr old Isaac Hoseny at today's Boy Scouts NW Miss. Impact Luncheon in Southhaven.
