NA
Yesterday I co-hosted the 2014 North Carolina Aerospace Supplier and Advanced Manufacturing (ASAM) Summit in Winston-Salem.  It was wonderful to hear about businesses and individuals in North Carolina that are making big contributions to aerospace.
Excited to start my annual ag tour on Monday.
In case you missed our interview with KASU you can listen here.
Thanks to KCWY News 13's Lydia Defranchi for having me on the show last night to discuss my recent visit to the Border and my bill with Senator McCain to let people in Wyoming opt-out of Obamacare.
NA
From AAN: A congressional report found the White House will be exempting millions from the individual mandate. This is an interesting decision by the administration considering when Obamacare went before the Supreme Court in 2012 the Solicitor General wrote that the individual mandate was “essential” to guaranteeing the success of the act. The administration needs to make up its mind on whether or not the individual mandate is “essential” or can be waved off with the stroke of a pen
The Obama foreign policy has created chaos across the globe and has made the world much more dangerous.
New exploration means affordable energy and affordable energy means a stronger America. It’s a shame this Administration continues to block offshore exploration. Blocking energy development weighs down our economy and gives countries like China an advantage. Senator John Barrasso and I recently joined Senator Lisa Murkowski in urging the Department of Interior to open up and expand development of oil and gas resources in federal offshore areas.
Enjoyed spending time visiting with members of the Norfolk community this morning. Many good discussions at today’s Listening Session at the public library. I also met with local emergency management stakeholders as northeast Nebraska continues to rebuild and recover from the recent devastating storms.
I completely support humanitarian aid as well as the use of air power to stop ISIS advance toward beleaguered civilian populations.   However the actions announced tonight will not turn the tide of battle.  The president must come up with a coordinated military strategy to deal with the growing threat. The longer we wait the worse this situation will become.
Update the BIG BOAR 2014 Iowa State Fair http://t.co/4l1I8wngUZ
"Let’s use the QER process to set a goal for national energy security within five years. For the first time in decades this is a real possibility. America today has the resources and technology to actually produce more oil and gas than we use, but we need the federal government to work with us instead of impeding the effort."
“As governor, I worked for a decade to build a comprehensive energy plan for North Dakota called Empower North Dakota. It is a true all-of-the-above plan that did not pick winners and losers, but rather encouraged innovation and entrepreneurship in all energy sectors, both renewable and traditional. Our success with that plan in North Dakota is evident from east to west. We can do the same thing on a national scale, but we need the administration and Majority Leader Reid to work with us. I believe we have legislation drafted and ready to go right now that would help us realize the full potential of all of our energy sources.” 
“Today’s groundbreaking for Affinity Global Solutions’ new Levinson Technology and Business Center reflects both the ingenuity and hard work of Trish and Brent Levinson and their employees as well as our state’s ongoing commitment to fostering the innovative companies like Affinity that are developing cutting-edge technologies across business sectors."
This month I am traveling all over Illinois working for you. You can follow along during my August trip across our state using an interactive map on my website or on social media with #AugustofAction. Check it out: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/augustofaction/
At Truc Bach Lake in #Hanoi today with Senator Whitehouse - where I landed after being shot down in 1967 - at the monument to my capture #Vietnam
I had a good conversation today with incoming Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure. Happy to hear his family is moving to KC & that Sprint will remain in Kansas.
At the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) National Leadership Conference yesterday I had a good visit with VVA National President John Rowan. I was glad to have the opportunity to discuss my legislation to address the painful, residual wounds of war that may impact a service member’s family long after the military operation is over. The Toxic Exposure Research Act is a necessary step toward making certain our military men and women and their descendants will be properly cared for in the future.
And the skies are not cloudy all day...
Yesterday, I was back in Wichita to speak to more than 500 Vietnam Veterans from across Kansas and throughout the nation who were in town for the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) National Leadership Conference. I recently introduced legislation that would would establish a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions stemming from exposure to toxins such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War neurotoxins, burn pits in Iraq and other chemicals from recent overseas conflicts. I will continue to work to make certain our veterans and their families receive the quality health care they deserve. Thanks to Larry MacIntire for arranging my visit and to Ron Zink of the Kansas State VVA Council for the kind introduction. I encourage you to watch the KSN TV news story below that shares Larry's story.
I had breakfast this morning in Manhattan with K-State Athletic Director John Currie. At the table next to us were the important folks — Fort Riley's Lt. Col. Timothy Blackwell and the 2nd Battalion, 32nd Field Artillery Regiment.
This week, I met with a number of Kansas hospital administrators at Wamego Health Center for a roundtable discussion. Our conversation touched on a variety of topics including the future of Critical Access Hospitals, Obamacare implementation, Medicare reimbursements, and regulations that make hospital administrative costs unreasonably high. Thanks to Wamego Health Center CEO Shannan Flach for hosting this meeting, and to Chad Austin with the Kansas Hospital Association for coordinating the event. Also, thanks to the hospital administrators who traveled from across the state to Wamego to participate in our discussion.
Another great day in the Southeast: great conversations with members of the Haines community, a visit to the harbor, and saw how the construction is coming along at the Jilkaat Kwaan Heritage Center in Klukwan.  One of the highlights though was touring The Veterans Village and Wellness Center in Haines. The facility colocates housing for veterans along with a wellness center, focused on providing for the needs of our veterans. It's an important addition to the community and entire southeast region.
Heard moving stories from local Iraqi-American Christians about family members in Iraq fleeing persecution. Heartbreaking stories of Iraqi Christians and other religious minorities being attacked, robbed and sometimes killed makes me all the more committed to getting my resolution passed: http://1.usa.gov/1nI2KPw
ICYMI: Rubio: Time To Begin Reversing Tide Of Jihadist Victories: http://time.com/3093021/marco-rubio-obama-isis-iraq/  President Obama’s decision to authorize humanitarian operations and targeted airstrikes in Iraq comes as fundamentalist Islam is on the rise throughout the Middle East.   Hamas and other Palestinian terrorist groups continue to threaten Israel. The United States and its allies have been forced to close their diplomatic missions in Libya because of fighting between secular militias and al Qaeda-affiliated groups. The Taliban is going on the offensive in Afghanistan as the United States and coalition partners continue to draw down.   And perhaps of most concern, in Iraq, the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has established a caliphate, a fundamentalist state, in the heart of the Middle East. Flush with weapons and money, ISIS’s forces are making significant advances as they expand their territory.  ... 
ICYMI: Rubio: More ObamaCare Woes: Congress Must Act To Block Health Insurance Bailout: http://fxn.ws/1u5BxKn  As evidence mounts of a looming taxpayer-funded bailout of health insurance companies under ObamaCare, the urgency grows for Congress to take this possibility off the table for good.   As expected, ObamaCare’s costs are rising, and health insurers are passing them along to patients in the form of higher premiums and deductibles.    Just this week, a majority of insurers offering health plans in Florida announced rate increases ranging from 11 to 23 percent. This means that if patients balk at paying this sharp increase and drop their coverage, these health insurers will have to make up the difference somehow.  ... 
Rubio Urges Additional Action to Counter Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL): http://1.usa.gov/1r3Qc3B   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement after President Obama announced the United States would be providing humanitarian aid to threatened populations in northern Iraq.  “I am encouraged that American forces are providing humanitarian relief to threatened populations, including Christians and other religious minorities in northern Iraq. My thoughts and prayers are with our men and women in uniform who are in harm's way tonight carrying out this mission.  “It is important to remember that ISIL threatens not just Iraqis but also the security of the United States and our allies in the region as it consolidates its control of territory that can be used as a base from which to launch attacks.  “That is why I've been urging President Obama since June to conduct airstrikes against ISIL targets and to provide additional lethal assistance and other support to the Iraqi government. A key part of such an effort should be to provide direct humanitarian and military assistance to the Kurds, who face a growing military and humanitarian challenge in northern Iraq as they confront ISIL and also host thousands of refugees from Iraq and Syria who have been forced to flee their homes.  “Without immediate U.S. action, it will not just be innocent Syrians and Iraqis who pay the price of ISIL's rise.”
Happy Friday PA! Take a look at my week with my latest newsletter.
Dear Facebook Friends.  I have recently learned about a scam that appears to be linked to my Facebook page but is really a fake.  This is a good chance to remind you to be alert to online scams seeking access to your bank accounts or asking you to send money.    Keep in mind that any correspondence from my office will always be on official letterhead and in a Senate envelope or will originate from a government email address ending in Toomey.senate.gov.   IRS and other agencies will not be using yahoo or gmail email accounts and should be a red flag.    Please call my Allentown office at (610) 434-1444 if you are if unsure about a message you have received appearing to be from me.  Also, you can submit an Internet Crime Complaint here – www.ic3.gov.
Senator Thad Cochran and I are calling on the Obama Administration to expedite approval of project applications to export liquefied natural gas (LNG). One of the facilities awaiting a decision is the Gulf LNG Liquefaction Company in Pascagoula.  The company estimates that Department of Energy approval of its request could lead to approximately $8 billion in investment and the creation of numerous jobs for the region.  And yet, the Gulf LNG application has been pending with DOE since 2012.
