IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, check out Sen. Alexander’s weekly column on Senate Democrats’ attempt to infringe on Americans’ religious freedom and get around the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby ruling: http://tiny.cc/lk9cjx  “We trust Americans to make health care decisions for themselves because we believe in religious freedom and health care freedom. That is the American way.” – Lamar Alexander 
Senator Ayotte's statement commending Ryan M. Pitts of Nashua, a former active duty Army Staff Sergeant, on receiving the Medal of Honor for his extraordinary service in Afghanistan:  "I was humbled and honored to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony recognizing Staff Sergeant Ryan Pitts of Nashua for his courageous actions in the 2008 battle of Wanat, where he selflessly risked his life to try to save his fellow soldiers and defeat the enemy. Staff Sergeant Pitts has said he shares this prestigious honor with his fellow soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice fighting for our freedom - a further testament to his humility and his unwavering devotion to those with whom he served. A true American hero, Staff Sergeant Pitts represents the very best of our country, and New Hampshire is deeply proud to call him one of our own."
Read Senator Ayotte's op-ed in the Union Leader on continuing the fight to protect New Hampshire from online sales tax: 
Reports of more than 57,000 veterans within the VA medical network were forced to wait more than 90 days to see a doctor are shameful, and the #VA’s response has been shameful. Our nation’s military heroes deserve better.
I enjoyed starting my morning with McGraw Milhaven and Kelly Jackson live in-studio on The McGraw Show. Click below to watch inside the studio.
This morning I spoke to members of the VFW and its Auxiliaries during the 115th #VFWConvention in St. Louis. Missouri is home to 36,056 VFW members and 202 VFW Posts. We owe a deep debt of gratitude to our American veterans who were not only willing to serve, but willing to serve above and beyond what was asked of them. Their service has helped preserve our freedom.
Proud to address members of the VFW and its Auxiliaries today during the 115th VFW National Convention in St. Louis. You can watch my remarks live at today at 8:50 CT here: #VFWConvention
NA
At the groundbreaking ceremony for the GE Aviation plant in Lafayette.
I am excited to be in Lafayette this morning for GE Aviation's groundbreaking on its new jet engine assembly facility.
Today, Senator Collins met with President Obama's nominee to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs, Bob McDonald.  Among the issues they discussed was the successful ARCH program at Cary Medical Center in Caribou which is providing health care services to veterans closer to home.  Senator Collins invited Mr. McDonald to visit Cary Medical Center, if confirmed, and see first hand why she's such a strong supporter.  Read more here:  http://1.usa.gov/1lnzZCQ
Senator Collins &  Senator Angus S. King, Jr. welcomed Gifford's Ice Cream to Capitol Hill this afternoon. The Senators hosted a joint ice cream social to help mark the Skowhegan-based ice cream maker’s official expansion into the Washington, D.C., Maryland, and Virginia area.    “Gifford’s is a small, family business and a Maine success story. I applaud the company’s expansion into the Mid-Atlantic region, and wish the Gifford family and their dedicated employees much success.”
National Youth Leadership Council participants from Maine, Wyatt Dellavalle, Willow Grinnell, Jennifer Sutherland, recently met with Senator Collins in the U.S. Capitol.
NA
NA
LISTEN - Joined Bill Bennett earlier today to discuss the HUMANE Act, my bipartisan legislation to help fix the crisis on the southern border:
July 18th, 2014
July 18th, 2014
My op-ed in National Review: A HUMANE Border Solution
All of us should join together demanding and working for the freedom of Leopoldo Lopez. #SOSVenezeula
It is the opposite of compassionate to continue this crisis on our border. We must #StopObamasAmnesty to solve the problem.
Wyoming’s congressional delegation are among the top “cutters” of federal spending according to the National Taxpayers Union. We have supported hundreds of billions of dollars in federal cost savings. We all learned in the Wyoming legislature that you don’t spend money you don’t have and that it is possible to do more with less. The quicker more members of Congress learn that lesson, the faster we can get around to balancing the budget and paying off our $17 trillion national debt. One of the bills that would cut the most federal spending is my Penny Plan. Click below to learn more.
“This federal grant will help to create jobs in our rural communities and help small businesses that provide opportunities for Native Americans in our state. Developing opportunities in our rural areas is important to maintaining the high quality of life we value in North Dakota and keeping our economy growing.”
Senator Johnson on The Lead with Jake Tapper discussing the current situation in #Ukraine.
Sen. Johnson's fall semester internship program has openings in his Washington, Milwaukee, and Oshkosh offices. College students and recent college graduates who participate in this internship program have the opportunity to take part in a wide variety of activities in the legislative, communications, and administrative departments of the office. To apply, send your resume, cover letter, three letters of recommendation, a college transcript and a 1-2 page college writing sample to internships@ronjohnson.senate.gov. Applications are due by Friday, Aug. 1.
This is the EPA's summary for this proposed rule: "After U.S. Supreme Court decisions in SWANCC and Rapanos, the scope of 'waters of the US' protected under all CWA programs has been an issue of considerable debate and uncertainty. The Act has a single definition for 'waters of the United States.' As a result, these decisions affect the geographic scope of all CWA programs. SWANCC and Rapanos did not invalidate the current regulatory definition of 'waters of the United States.' However, the decisions established important considerations for how those regulations should be interpreted, and experience implementing the regulations has identified several areas that could benefit from additional clarification through rulemaking. U.S. EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers are developing a proposed rule for determining whether a water is protected by the Clean Water Act. This rule would make clear which waterbodies are protected under the Clean Water Act."  It is worth noting that the Supreme Court limited the EPA's power in these decisions.  Because the agency's power isn't as broad as it had previously assumed, this limitation of its power has led to "considerable debate and uncertainty."  If the EPA believes it needs more clarification on how to implement its regulations, the EPA should seek this clarification through lawmaking by the elected representatives of the American people instead of through rulemaking by unelected bureaucrats.  The Supreme Court made it clear that Congress should clarify which waterbodies are protected under the Clean Water Act.  This is one of the many reasons the EPA needs to #DitchTheRule  You can leave your public comment on this regulation here: http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OW-2011-0880
This afternoon US Army Staff Sgt. Ryan J. Pitts (ret.) will be awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions in 2008 Afghanistan. 
This morning in Ketchikan, the Coast Guard held a Change of Command Ceremony.  I want to say thank you to Lt. Sam Blase for his service to our state, and a welcome to Lt. Ian Starr who will take over command of the USCG Cutter Chandeleur starting today.
Alaskans have a very close relationship with the Coast Guard. While touring the Pentagon today, my summer interns snapped a picture in the Coast Guard Corridor.
http://www.selmatimesjournal.com/2014/07/20/sessions-fighting-for-catfish-screening/
Proud to see Charleston and Myrtle Beach highlighted in a USA Today "10 Best" Southern Tourists Attractions list--there's a lot to love in South Carolina! http://www.usatoday.com/experience/south/best-of-lists/10best-southern-tourist-attractions-worth-the-crowds/12483079/
July 16, 2014  Always a pleasure to see South Carolinians when I have to be Washington! If you're around on a Wednesday when the Senate is in session, be sure to stop by at 11 am for some sweet tea and conversation.
"Every day seems to bring a new report of a child robbed of his or her innocence by someone they should've been able to trust, someone their parents told them to obey.  So far this year, 275 teachers nationwide have been arrested for sexual misconduct."  
My thanks to the staff of the Allegheny Health Network, for showing  Congressman Keith Rothfus and me around the new Wexford Health + Wellness Pavilion which is set to open in the North Hills.
I was a guest on Morning Joe this morning and discussed the need for international support in the wake of the downing of Malaysia Airline Flight 17.  Check out the video below.  #MH17 http://on.msnbc.com/1u7MOuo 
Good morning.  Jumping on with MSNBC's  Morning Joe around 7:40 this morning.  Hope you can tune in!
Women, younger workers, and people seeking full-time jobs are worse off under #Obamacare.
Wonderful to meet up with the Durdin family from Senatobia, MS. We located an artifact from one of their ancestors in the Smithsonian Castle.
Wicker Report | Competition cannot flourish when the government is involved in setting mandates for benefits and controlling rates.  Without market-based reforms, consumers lose out on choice and cost.
