This morning, Senator Alexander spoke on the Senate floor to honor the life and legacy of former Senator Howard Baker. Alexander said that Baker saw the Senate “as a forum for extended discussion where you have the patience to allow everyone to pretty well have their say, in the hopes that you come to a conclusion that most of us are comfortable with, and therefore, the country is comfortable with it. He understood you only govern a complex country such as ours by a consensus… and you have that discussion all the way through to the end.”  Watch his floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBzcAVZ672E  
There’s a reason why five of the six new locations being considered by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency are in our state. Keeping the new facility in Missouri would help with the transition of the agency’s critically important operations, while providing opportunities for the government to create a positive economic impact.
It’s time for Congress to tell President Obama: You cannot ignore the law. I am urging my colleagues in the Senate to pass the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” a bill that would put a procedure in place to allow Congress to reauthorize a lawsuit against the executive branch for failure to faithfully execute the laws.
Too many children in Missouri and nationwide still fall victim to child abuse. We must do everything we can to protect our children, and when they are harmed, deliver justice without inadvertently causing any further damage. I am urging the House to pass the Victims of Child Abuse Act. #VOCAA 
I am very concerned the Obama Administration extended the contract for Serco, an Affordable Care Act application processing facility in Wentzville, in light of the questions that have been raised by whistleblowers who work at Serco processing facilities. My colleagues and I have asked a number of critical questions that the administration has failed to adequately answer. I am going to press CMS to explain what criteria was weighted and how it was evaluated in making this decision. Americans deserve to know how the Obama Administration is spending their hard-earned taxpayer dollars.
Federal restrictions on beach access have hurt North Carolina and local businesses along the Cape Hatteras National Seashore for years – it has done damage to our local communities and our local economy.  We must ensure that North Carolinians and tourists from around the country have access to North Carolina’s scenic treasures, and the Sportsmen’s bill offers the perfect opportunity to address this pressing issue once and for all.  Over a year ago, the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources reached a compromise that was a critical step forward in the effort to allow people to have access to our beaches while at the same time addressing any potential environmental concerns.  It is my hope that we can take up my amendment and allow the Senate a chance to finally vote on it. http://1.usa.gov/1n4q0BZ
NA
Earlier today, I enjoyed visiting with Hoosiers interning in my Washington office this summer. These young men and women are working hard on behalf of our state, and I appreciate their service.
From 1 – 2 p.m. today, a member of my staff will be at the Plainfield-Guilford Township Public Library located at 1120 Stafford Road in Plainfield to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency
An inspiring Idahoan and Spirit of Idaho Award recipient, Theresa Hart, will be honored through the month of July by Kootenai County.  Her critical work with veterans embodies the spirit of our great state. To read more, click here: http://goo.gl/jazs0J 
NA
Senator Collins welcomes the Fusaro family from Lisbon, Maine to Washington!
NA
Senator Collins has visited nearly 200 schools in Maine.  One of her favorite activities is to read to students and to encourage them to read.  Sen. Collins always reads from Maine children's author Frances Bloxam's book, Antlers Forever!  Sadly, Frannie passed away this weekend.  Here are a few photos of Sen. Collins reading Frannie's book to children in Wells.  To read Sen. Collins' statement on Frannie's passing, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1xM2j9H
Cornyn: Dallas is Not on the Border Mr. President:
"Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word: equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude." -- Alexis de Tocqueville (1805-1859) French historian
Very cool! The McAllen Fire Department is a semi-finalist in GMA's 5-Alarm Firefighters Challenge. If they win, they'll donate the winnings to the Texas LODD Task Force.   Check out and share their entry:
If President Obama wants to have a real border meeting with Governor Perry, here are a couple suggested detours.
Congress needs to change what it can, as soon as it can, to ensure that these unaccompanied minors are sent home without delay.
Sen. Grassley believes those working to improve foster youth policy will be motivated and inspired by the story of a young woman who experienced the system her entire life and is sharing her story in the interest of helping others.  Read more about Amnoni Myers here.
Last night KJRH spotlighted a tragic story about a Korean War veteran living in Tulsa who experienced problems with receiving timely care from the VA after a crippling heart attack. This is yet another example of the unacceptable state of our nation’s care for veterans. Since the beginning of 2014 alone, my office has received requests from over 800 veterans needing assistance. Our clinics are near max capacity in treating the nearly 340,000 Oklahoma veterans with the quality healthcare they need and earned, and this number is only expected to rise with the drawdown in Afghanistan. I am fighting in Washington for an overhaul of the Department of Veterans Affairs that will enforce more oversight and focus attention on the needs of the men and women who have served our nation.   http://www.kjrh.com/news/state/veterans-care-in-tulsa-and-oklahoma-is-a-concern-for-us-sen-jim-inhofe-wants-overhaul-of-va
Judge Hears arguments in health care lawsuit
The federal government should not limit or block job training & educational opportunities. Community colleges offer options & flexibility for traditionally underserved students, like women, veterans, and minorities. 'Gainful Employment' regulation would deny options to those who have struggled the most.  Read more on my blog:  http://1.usa.gov/1oC51Le
As the president's go-it-alone immigration strategy spirals out of control, it is becoming increasingly clear that the only path for real immigration reform is a step-by-step process that starts with securing the border.  Once the government has regained the faith of the American people, Congress and the president should work together to modernize our visa system and reform legal immigration.   This is a process that will require several steps and a handful of different pieces of legislation in order to succeed.  The president's wish to have 100% of what he wants in a single comprehensive bill would make a bad process worse.  Choosing to ignore Congress altogether is turning a frustrating situation into an unmitigated disaster
For those of you in the Bear Lake area, my mobile office will be in Garden City today.  Come stop by and visit with members of my staff.  They would love to meet with you.
Today I welcomed Chapman High School FFA to our nation’s capital. They were an engaging group, and I enjoyed answering their questions about important issues facing Kansas and the country. We discussed business currently before the U.S. Senate, EPA regulations and higher education. Often, there is a disconnect between rural America and the rest of the world. We need to continue to educate consumers on where their food, fuel and fiber come from and the process in which it is grown. I applaud National FFA Organization's efforts to make certain rural values are preserved for the next generation of American farmers and ranchers.
My second group of summer interns has arrived! Great to meet these recent high school grads from all across Alaska (including Fairbanks, North Pole, Juneau, Petersburg, Unalaska, Palmer, Eagle River, and Ketchikan).
The biggest impediment to employment in our country is a criminal record. Our current system is broken and has trapped tens of thousands of young men & women in a cycle of poverty & incarceration. Many of these young people could escape this trap if criminal justice were reformed, if records were expunged after time served, and if non-violent crimes did not become a permanent blot preventing employment.   Cory Booker and I introduced legislation that will give non-violent ex-offenders a second chance at the American Dream.    READ: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1192
Rubio Discusses Human Trafficking During Subcommittee Hearing: http://1.usa.gov/VFtp4M  …   Senator Rubio: “Just here, domestically, I think one of the most important things we need to continue to do – and this is more of an editorial statement – is we need to make it very clear there is nothing culturally acceptable about going to these other countries, as Americans, and participating in these sorts of things.   “I mean, there’s this attitude, that I’ve run into now and then, where things we would never do in this country is ok if we do it somewhere else because in those countries it’s culturally acceptable in some way.   “I think you’ve seen this reflected, sometimes, in popular culture, but even anecdotally among people. And I think one of the things -- we have to be very clear in that there is nothing acceptable about us, or Americans, going abroad to one of these countries and going into brothels at all, not to mention those that have people underage working there.    “And I think that’s important to point out because we do find the presence of Westerners and Americans frequenting some of these places that we’ve talked about in the sex trafficking industry, and we should truly try to stigmatize that in our society.”   … 
Sen. Sessions penned an op-ed in USA Today about the ongoing border crisis. In the article, pointing to low wages and high unemployment for millions of workers, Sessions asks: “When did we forget that a nation owes its first allegiance to her own citizens?”
Video: Sen. Sessions: Admin Lawlessness "Directly Undermines The Sovereignty Of Our Nation"
Reforming our education and job training systems can both improve people's lives and save taxpayer dollars.  Enjoyed speaking with Citizens Against Government Waste this morning!
Since Jan. 1 of this year, 245 teachers have been arrested across the U.S. for sexual misconduct with children. Enough. End #passthetrash
NA
Every state in America has been affected by human trafficking. Each year, thousands of people in this country – through no fault of their own – are forced into modern-day slavery and robbed of their basic freedoms. It is an ugly and evil crime that disproportionately affects women and young girls.
Under current law, the rights guaranteed by the Second Amendment are not being extended to law-abiding Americans who camp, hunt, or fish on Army Corps land. That is why I have introduced an amendment to the Sportsmen bill that would safeguard citizens’ constitutional freedom to keep and bear arms on Corps land.
