In an interview today with the Nashville Business Journal’s Eleanor Kennedy, Senator Alexander discusses his plans under the GOP-controlled Congress next year to repair the damage done by Obamacare, saying Republicans “want to give Americans more choices and lower costs for their health insurance."  Read the full article HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=d2910341-1fc1-4877-a7c6-bf9fa052883f
In response to Senate Democrats’ failure to pass a bill to approve the Keystone Pipeline, Alexander said, “After six years of delay, Senate Democrats have yet again prevented approval of the Keystone XL pipeline, a project that will create thousands of jobs, help grow our economy, and bring the United States one step closer to energy independence with little impact on the environment. Passage of this bill is long overdue, and I hope under a new Republican Senate majority that the president will not continue stall this project for political reasons any longer.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=df62efd5-f5d3-41b5-a807-07d6b2f2430b
President Obama made it clear his policies were on the ballot on Election Day. Americans sent a clear message – and now he’s blatantly ignoring the will of Missourians by threatening to take unilateral action on executive amnesty. I spoke on the Senate floor today against this continued and blatant over-reach. Share this message and send me your thoughts below.
More American energy means more American jobs. Yet for more than six years, the Obama administration and Senate Democrats have played politics with the Keystone XL Pipeline, a common-sense, shovel-ready project that will put more people back to work. Share this post if you agree we should approve projects that create American jobs and increase our nation’s energy independence in the new Congress. #KeystoneXL
The Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee is holding a hearing on "Mental Health and Suicide Among Veterans.” This is the fifth hearing over the past four years providing oversight of VA’s mental health program and what we will hear today from VA will be similar to what we heard in 2011. That is disturbing and outrageous. We must take real action towards this very serious problem plaguing our men and women in uniform. That is why I introduced, along with several other colleagues, The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act of 2014. Watch my opening statement below or read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1qX46UM
This evening the Senate finally took a vote to approve the Keystone Pipeline. As an original cosponsor of the bill and supporter of its authorization, it's inexplicable that Senate Democrats and the President continue to block legislation supported by this Administration's own State Department and a strong majority of Americans.  Americans want real leadership and a genuine opportunity to build a healthy economy again. The Keystone Pipeline -- beyond creating thousands of shovel-ready jobs - would invest billions of dollars into our economy and would also improve our energy security at a time of unrest abroad.
Earlier today, President Obama posted a video announcing he plans to take executive action on immigration reform, which will likely include granting amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. Earlier this week, I posted a “From the Mailbag” response where I discuss my opposition to this misguided approach. In case you missed it, here it is again.
Are you interested in a congressional internship? Learn more about internship opportunities in our seven state offices as well as our Washington, D.C. office. We need your application soon.
President Obama’s role is to faithfully execute the law, not alter or ignore it as he sees fit. If the president changes existing immigration law via executive order, he will exceed his Constitutional authority and ignore the wishes of the American people. Taking this action would be a disservice to everyone who followed the law to legally immigrate to the United States. I am working with my colleagues to explore all options – legislative and legal – to stop the president’s blatant disregard for our nation’s system of checks and balances.
"America is a nation of laws, which means I, as the President, am obligated to enforce the law. I don't have a choice about that. That's part of my job. But I can advocate for changes in the law so that we have a country that is both respectful of the law but also continues to be a great nation of immigrants. … With respect to the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order, that’s just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed." President Obama, 3/28/11
Sadly, Cora Brown, a devoted and tireless volunteer for so many organizations in Cumberland County, passed away yesterday.  Memorial services are scheduled for Saturday at 11:00 AM at Jones-Rich-Hutchins Funeral Home in Portland.  Visiting hours are Friday from 2-4 PM.  This picture is from Cora's 104th birthday celebration last August.  “Cora Brown was an inspiring woman, dedicated Republican, and good friend to so many of us in public office," said Senator Collins.  "I attended her 104th birthday celebration earlier this year, and as usual, she captivated all of us with her good humor and charm.  I shall miss her.”
Cornyn: President’s Power Grab Poisons Prospects For Real Reform:
Senators Corker and Alexander hosted several Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
President Obama's amnesty is lawless and unconstitutional: http://1.usa.gov/1uSm0xg #StopObamasAmnesty
If President Obama ignores the will of the American people and proceeds with his illegal executive amnesty, Congress must use every Constitutional power available to #StopObamasAmnesty!
It is imperative we stand together united in protecting the Bill of Rights!
President Obama 22 times has called into question the executive actions he is planning on immigration. Speaker Boehner has compiled a list. Executive amnesty is wrong procedurally, constitutionally and it’s bad policy. The new majority in Congress will not stand idle.
Sahuarita residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Sahuarita Town Hall Council Chamber TOMORROW from 1 p.m. - 2 p.m.
Green Valley residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Green Valley Council Offices TOMORROW from 11 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Senator Grassley received an award today from the Alliance for American Manufacturing (AAM) for his support of U.S. manufacturing and commitment to strong trade enforcement.  Rachel Bennett Steury presented the award on behalf of the AAM and thanked Grassley for his support.  More information about the  AAM can be found here: http://www.americanmanufacturing.org/pages/about-us.
Senator Grassley gave a floor speech today in tribute to his colleague, Senator Tom Harkin, who is retiring after 40 years of representing Iowans in Congress.  The text of the speech can be found here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-floor-statement-tribute-us-senator-tom-harkin.
In case you missed it: I spoke with Stuart Varney about last night's vote on my legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline and plans to bring it up in the new Congress.
NA
Today, we did not gain the 60 votes necessary in the Senate to pass my bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. Even had it passed, however, President Obama has indicated that he intends to veto the bill. I believe we will have the votes to pass the bill in January when a number of new Senators who support my legislation take office and the new Congress begins.   At that time, I will reintroduce the bill, possibly as part of a broader energy package or appropriations bill that the president will not want to veto.  The Keystone XL pipeline is in the interest of the American people, who in poll after poll say they believe the project should be approved by a margin of 60 to 70 percent, and they have good reason. It will help us produce more energy, more jobs and more economic activity. It will strengthen our national security by increasing energy security, and it will help us reduce our dependence on the Middle East for oil because we can produce it at home with our closest ally Canada.  The Keystone XL pipeline will also greatly benefit North Dakota, which now produces more than 1.2 million barrels of oil a day and transports more than 700,000 barrels a day by rail. It will help relieve stress on our railroads and help them better keep up with our agriculture shipments.  Our nation needs a sound energy plan, and that means we need the infrastructure to move that energy to market, safely and efficiently. Approving the Keystone XL pipeline will take us a step in the right direction.
Executive #amnesty is not the answer. It’s being reported that if President Obama goes around Congress and uses executive action to enact his #immigration reform, roughly 5  million illegal immigrants would get amnesty, receive work authorization, social security numbers, and government issued IDs. This is not going to make our borders more secure, but instead only entice others to avert our nation’s immigration laws. Share if you agree.  Read more here: http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/11/13/cannot-afford-amnesty-for-illegal-immigrants/
Issuing an executive order on #immigration and picking a fight with the next Congress is not the way to begin a new relationship.  Ignoring the will of the people who voted against his policies just a couple of weeks ago, the president has chosen to engage in action that he himself has repeatedly said he does not have the authority to do.  Regardless of the president's actions, I will not be deterred in pursuing my top priority as incoming chairman of the Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs Committee: passing a strong and effective border security and enforcement bill. -rj
Today, Sen. Johnson spoke at the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and asked why the United States is not taking certain measures to stop the spread of #ebola.
I was pleased that Senate Democrats finally agreed  to hold a vote regarding the #KeystoneXL Pipeline this evening, and I was happy to vote yes. However, I am disappointed this important piece of legislation failed to pass by one vote.  Democrats’ failure to support this legislation is a prime example of the dysfunction in Washington and how their policies have hurt our economy. -rj   Read my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/1qno40d
In 2013, the country learned that the government, specifically the National Security Agency, had been collecting and storing enormous amounts of information about American citizens, and that the data collection was not limited to those suspected of terrorist activity.  Many were very concerned about how much and what kind of data was being collected and whether or not the information could be or had been abused by government officials.    Today, proponents of the metadata program claim that it cannot be used to identify ordinary Americans.  But earlier this year, researchers at Stanford University proved that the type of metadata collected under Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act could be used to uncover a lot of information, including a person’s politics, what medications you’re on, where you go to church, and more.   This USA Freedom Act is bipartisan legislation that ends bulk collection of metadata by the NSA, and helps address the problem of the American government spying on its citizens without cause.  It also improves transparency for the data NSA collects.  It has the support of the intelligence community, the Department of Justice, civil liberties groups, the National Rifle Association, and tech companies.   Opponents say it will impair our national security.  They say this bill will keep our intelligence community from protecting us.    What opponents of this bill fail to appreciate is that most Americans are deeply concerned about the collection of their personal information, and this bill is an opportunity to strike a good balance between protecting Americans' privacy and our national security.    While I believe there are very good people working in our intelligence community, I think we should heed James Madison’s warning against giving unchecked power to men in Federalist 51: “If men were angels, no government would be necessary.  If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary.  If framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.”   I am disappointed that the Senate voted against addressing this issue now.  The provision of the PATRIOT Act authorizing this kind of data collection expires just after Memorial Day next year, and it’s important to adopt a compromise well ahead of this deadline that all interested parties can accept.
I am deeply concerned about the President offering amnesty to millions of individuals who have entered the country illegally. The President is aware that he is overstepping his bounds – and has explained at least 22 times that he does not have the authority to unilaterally alter immigration laws. I oppose President Obama’s plan to act alone on an issue of such importance. The President is choosing to allow 5 million people to jump the line in front of those who have followed the rules and are waiting to come to our country legally. This irresponsible decision encourages and incentivizes illegal activity – it will increase the number of people illegally entering the United States, while making it more difficult for Congress to address the problems of our immigration system.  President Obama declared his policies were under referendum on Election Day. He was correct, and on November 4, the American people voted to take our country in a different direction.
Today I honored Kansas Farm Bureau President Steve Baccus on the Senate floor ahead of his retirement on Dec. 3rd. Steve’s passion for improving the lives of Kansans and advocating for the future of our rural state has always, always impressed me. His service on the Kansas Farm Bureau was inspired by Steve’s deeply held belief that there is a better future ahead for Kansas agriculture and for our state. Steve has been a true public servant to agriculture and he did it all for the right reasons. I wish Steve and his wife Patricia well in the next chapter of their life.
I am disgusted and saddened by the attacks in Jerusalem yesterday. In the face of such gross violence, we must continue to advocate for a world where people of all faiths can attend places of worship without threat of danger.   My family will keep the friends and loved ones of Rabbi Levine and Rabbi Twersky in our thoughts and prayers as they mourn during this most difficult time.
This week is the 93rd annual American Education Week, honoring and spotlighting everyone committed to ensuring children receive the best education available. I have challenged myself to visit every school across our state, so to all of you: Thank you to teachers, administrators, education professionals and parents across Alaska!
Alaska’s waters are tough enough on their own, there’s no need to weigh our fishermen down with unnecessary regulations. This is why Senator Marco Rubio and I introduced legislation which will extend a moratorium protecting commercial fisherman from onerous EPA actions.
Another great article about the need for the U.S. to step up to the plate on Arctic issues, especially investing in icebreakers. We need more stories and editorials – in Alaska and the Lower 48 – to build awareness and momentum. This quote really captures my thoughts:  “Our point is this: Every other Arctic nation sees the benefit of investing in the Arctic. We wonder if those serving in Washington D.C. — Alaska delegation not included — are even aware the U.S. is an Arctic nation. Their priorities don’t convince us they are. This is a mistake that needs rectifying.”
What happened today in the Jerusalem synagogue was horrific. No one should be put in the position of fearing for their life and safety in a place of worship. My deepest thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those killed and the seven wounded today.
After a few setbacks, Bethel’s new swimming pool will officially reopen today! I visited the facility in October, and I’m excited about the health benefits that it will bring to the community.  Great job to everyone there for coming together to get it reopened. http://www.adn.com/article/20141117/bethels-new-swimming-pool-opening-tuesday
Heartwarming story: To show his appreciation, Jay Leno surprises Ft. Campbell soldier with a new car. MUST-SEE: http://www.today.com/news/america-loves-you-jay-leno-surprises-wounded-veteran-new-car-1D80301922
In the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, Americans were eager to catch and punish the terrorists who attacked us. I, like most Americans, demanded justice. But one common misconception is that the Patriot Act applies only to foreigners—when in reality, the Patriot Act was instituted precisely to widen the surveillance laws to include U.S. citizens.  As Benjamin Franklin put it, ‘those who trade their liberty for security may wind up with neither.’   Today’s vote to oppose further consideration of the Patriot Act extension proves that we are one step closer to restoring civil liberties in America.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1244
Yesterday, Senator Roberts spoke at a hearing on tax relief after a disaster. The Senator shared personal stories from his experience rebuilding Greensburg in the aftermath of the F5 tornado that devastated the town in 2007.    Click to view the full hearing: http://www.finance.senate.gov/hearings/watch/?id=15696532-5056-a032-5206-eef64d3003c2
Great meeting today with the Overland Park Chamber of Commerce talking about priorities for next year!
Last night, Senate Democrats blocked the passage of the Keystone Pipeline. Harry Reid and his fellow liberal obstructionists in the Senate put ideology above 42,000 American jobs.  However, this mistake will be quickly corrected.  One of the first acts of the new Republican Senate Majority will be to pass the Keystone Pipeline. The Keystone Pipeline can deliver 42,000 American jobs, and inject billions into our economy. Keystone is the single largest shovel-ready project in America, and construction of this critical project is long past due.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=8954cc4e-458b-4b70-b893-2998e9c1c09b
Rubio, Murkowski Introduce Legislation To Protect Small Commercial Vessels From Onerous EPA Regulations: http://1.usa.gov/1p1xsps  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Ranking Member of the Senate Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries and the Coast Guard, and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) today introduced a bill to temporarily exempt small commercial vessels from unnecessary regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for one year.   Given that the current small commercial vessels exemption from proposed EPA regulations expires on December 18, 2014, this bill aims to protect small vessels from these regulations until broader legislation, the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, can be passed in the new Congress.   “We need to provide all shippers and other vessel owners engaged in interstate commerce with greater certainty that an overreaching and increasingly unaccountable EPA won’t crush their businesses with burdensome regulations,” said Rubio. “While I remain committed to passing broader legislation that addresses more of the problems the EPA is unnecessarily causing commercial vessel owners, this Congress should at least pass this temporary relief measure until we can pass a permanent solution next year. Once the new Congress convenes, one of the first pieces of legislation I will file will be these critical protections for our fishing and shipping fleet.”
ICYMI: Rubio: U.S.-Colombia Partnership Should Be Strengthened  Rubio: "During my recent visit to Colombia, I was often asked what the new Republican majorities in Congress mean for the future of the U.S.-Colombia alliance. The simple answer is that the American people remain as supportive as ever of the Colombian people's aspirations to build a safer and more prosperous republic after a half century of armed conflict against violent narco-terrorist groups. This new Congress should now re-invigorate the U.S.-Colombia partnership at a time when recent security and economic gains have brought the promise of a lasting peace within reach."
Reminder: December 5 is the deadline to submit service academy nominations to my office. For more information, visit my website: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/academy-nominations
NA
Sen. Sessions released the following statement today about the President’s impending executive amnesty:  “President Obama previously said he could not issue an executive amnesty because ‘I’m the President of the United States, I’m not the emperor of the United States. My job is to execute laws that are passed.’ Well, apparently we now have an ‘Emperor of the United States.’ President Obama’s immigration order would provide illegal immigrants with the exact benefits Congress has repeatedly rejected: Social Security numbers, photo IDs and work permits—which will allow them to now take jobs directly from struggling Americans in every occupation. Congress must not allow this unconstitutional action. That means Congress should fund the government while ensuring that no funds can be spent on this unlawful purpose.”
“This notion that somehow I can just change the laws unilaterally is just not true...We live in a democracy. You have to pass bills through the legislature.” - President Obama, 9/28/11
On this day 151 years ago, Abraham Lincoln stood on the battlefield in #Gettysburg, PA and delivered one of the best-known speeches in American history - the Gettysburg Address. He honored the thousands of soldiers who sacrificed their lives so that our great nation could go on. Below is the State of Pennsylvania Monument on the Gettysburg battlefield. It stands as a reminder of the over 34,000 Pennsylvanians who fought in the battle. Their names are listed on the bronze tablets at the base of the monument.
