NA
Turns out the Obama Administration once again over-sold the impact of sequestration - this time on FDA inspections. Instead of threatening to make cuts in a way that hurts the economy, the president and his administration should be searching for ways to cut wasteful spending. Here's an easy place to start: http://bit.ly/CutWastefulSpending.
I answered a few of the questions (Marketplace Fairness Act, Obamacare & Social Security/Medicare) at my Crowd Hall event. More answers will be posted as the week moves along.
Weekly Op-Ed: Over the last several weeks, many Idahoans have contacted me about funding cuts to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) that would impact the contracted control towers—including those in Idaho Falls, Lewiston, Hailey and Pocatello.  Like many of my colleagues in Congress, I am disappointed that the FAA chose to make these cuts in ways that would impact Idaho’s rural communities the hardest.  I will continue to work with other members of the U.S. Senate and the FAA to make sure we keep these essential services operational.
PHOTO: Briefing on border security at Rio Grande City Port of Entry:
PHOTO: Surveying the border near Rio Grande City with CBP:
44% of border under "operational control" in 2011 according to GAO.  What will it take to get to 90% or better?
PHOTO: Talking to CBP agents outside Falfurrias checkpoint:
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/18pnNh3. Interested in receiving updates from the senator each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
Great pleasure to speak with The Kudlow Report about today's Internet sales tax vote. Don't miss it tonight at the top of the 6 pm CT hour.
Will be live with Neil Cavuto on Fox News around 3:30 pm CT to talk about my opposition to the Internet sales tax.  Hope you'll tune in!
UPDATE: This evening, the U.S. Senate adopted the Marketplace Fairness Act with broad bipartisan support. This bill is not a new tax, and it does not increase taxes – it simply levels the playing field. Rather than giving an edge to large Internet companies based in other states, the legislation treats large online sellers the same as Nebraska’s small town, Main Street merchants. Government should not be in the business of picking "winners" and "losers." By giving online sellers a free pass from collecting state sales tax, the federal government is actively undermining millions of small business owners who invest in our communities and create jobs.  Learn more here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=3a0bdaaa-1158-4f72-b36c-db19f9e5c83b
Marketplace Fairness Act
Grassley: Obama needs fast-track authority
Honor Flight Nevada returned home last night to a great crowd in Las Vegas. #BattleBorn
Oklahoma remains one of the top 10 states with the lowest unemployment rate, with Oklahoma City boasting the lowest jobless rate in the nation. If the President was serious about encouraging job creation and a more stable economy, he'd look to our state's formula for success of less federal government, lower taxes, and a strong energy sector.
This opinion editorial by Jeff Hunsaker, provides some excellent analysis of why we need to update the Electronic Communications Privacy Act to ensure the privacy of our online communications:   "Unfortunately, as the Internet becomes a more central part of our lives, attempts to regulate it have often been ill conceived and harmful. Right now, outdated legislation crafted in Washington, D.C., threatens to suffocate this climate of innovation, jeopardizing local businesses and countless jobs in the process.  The Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) should be of particular concern to not only the tech industry in Utah, but to all Americans. Technology has made significant advancements since ECPA was signed into law in 1986, and yet the act remains largely unchanged. As the law currently stands, authorities only need a subpoena, not a warrant, to look at private information stored in the cloud after the information has been accessible for 180 days. As such, the law in its current state fails to ensure that certain forms of modern communication, most notably emails, are granted the privacy protections guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. This is in no way a challenge to law enforcement, but an attempt to amend the ECPA such that it creates a win win for all logical parties."
Sen. McConnell's op-ed in the Hazard Herald.
“I think it’s clear what this administration’s true goal is. It’s not to see the coal industry actually comply with so many unreasonable regulations and red tape. It’s to see the coal industry driven out of business altogether,” Senator McConnell said. “The EPA has turned the coal permitting process into an illegitimate; back-door means to shut down coal mines permanently by sitting on permits indefinitely and removing any certainty from the regulatory process.”
Read my weekly newsletter via the link below. If you'd like to begin receiving it via email, feel free to sign up there, too.
I just voted against the Marketplace Fairness Act.  Here in Alaska, we don’t have a state sales tax.  But, the Marketplace Fairness Act is trying to have our law of the land take a back seat to other states that see things differently, and I don’t believe that is good policy or fair to Alaska businesses – particularly small businesses.  I've heard from business owners across the state who explained to me the time-consuming expense of complying with sales tax laws for every jurisdiction in this country – imagine a business on the Sterling Highway doing paperwork to comply with California’s tax code.  Now is the wrong time to create additional regulatory burdens and paperwork for our small businesses and entrepreneurs.
I was honored to have had a chance to speak at the Commissioning of the USS Anchorage on Saturday.  It was a snowy and cold Alaskan Spring day, but the welcome we gave the ship’s officers and crew, and the pride we had in the moment kept us warm!
Washington’s soaring taxing, spending and borrowing have contributed to the weakest economic recovery since the 1940s. Be sure to read my column in the Cincinnati Enquirer here:
Will continue the conversation at the Peter G. Peterson Foundation Fiscal Summit tomorrow. Two very different venues/events but one focus: we must address this crisis.
Looking forward to talking with BuzzFeed tonight about our nation's debt/spending problem. Watch the conversation here:
First it was Obamacare author Senator Max Baucus (D-MT) who called the new health care law a "train wreck." Now we have Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV): "Max said unless we implement this properly it’s going to be a train wreck, and I agree with him."  We should repeal the law and try again.
Mark Morris of the The Kansas City Star does a good job previewing our bill to protect patients and improve oversight of compounding pharmacies. We will have a hearing on the bill later this week. You can read more about it here: http://www.kansascity.com/2013/05/05/4220388/legislation-seeks-more-oversight.html
Rubio: The Internet Sales Tax Is A Money Grab By Tax-Hungry States That Will Burden Small Businesses
Visiting SCANA's Summer Nuclear Generating Facility
Today I joined United States Senator Mike Lee and nine colleagues to introduce a resolution calling on the Senate to review public policies that led to the illegal abortion practices of Dr. Kermit Gosnell and others.  http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=de392285-b2d1-44fd-ac79-d2cb7a5a3342
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Boulos Gabriel, attended the 95th anniversary of the Kiwanis Club of Easton last week.
Marta presented awards for members who have been part of the club for anywhere from 25 to 50 years.
Thanks to everyone who attended the event!
I can't imagine a better place than Tobyhanna Army Depot for a major new federal air traffic control tower.
Congratulations to Frank Mazza, my new Harrisburg field rep. A Pennsylvania native & Temple grad, he's committed to our Commonwealth.
Congrats to Steve Kelly, my new press secretary. A lifelong Pennsylvania and Snyder County resident, he is a dedicated public servant.
This weekend, the cast and crew of the TV show The Office were in Scranton to celebrate the 9th & final season of the iconic sitcom, based in the Electric City. Fans and the City of Scranton bid farewell at “the Office”  wrap party:
Our state continues to prove it can meet the needs of the world’s best companies.  Pro-growth policies and a ready workforce are attractive to business and conducive to positive economic change in our communities.  For global leaders and mom-and-pop stores alike, the message is clear: Mississippi is the place to be.
