President Obama should spend the next two years working with the new Republican-led Congress to address the real challenges facing our nation, including putting more people back to work and increasing economic opportunity for workers and families.
I was honored to be re-elected by my colleagues today as the Vice Chairman of the Republican Conference for the 114th Congress. It’s been a privilege to serve in this position for the last two years, and I will continue to bring Missourians’ concerns to the leadership table in the new Republican majority. I believe we have the tools necessary to ensure the Senate will function again in a more transparent and accountable way for the American people. I urge President Obama and congressional Democrats to work with us to address the real challenges facing the nation, including putting people back to work, boosting American energy, fixing our broken health care system, and strengthening our national security.
The House is currently debating Keystone XL and will likely pass authorization again. We may finally get our turn to pass it in the Senate next week. This project needs to move forward. There are too many benefits—including thousands of jobs—for the President to continue to delay it. Let’s force the President to make a choice once and for all.
Follow @Johnboozman on Instagram and share your pictures of what you love about Arkansas in our #Love4AR Instagram contest.
I joined Lou Dobbs last night to talk about the Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on the President's funding request to combat Ebola. Watch it here.
The country delivered a public repudiation of President Obama’s policies in the midterm election. The election results show that the American people want the Obama administration to begin working with Republicans on responsible solutions. In addition to constitutional concerns, changing existing immigration law via executive order will ignore the wishes of the American people. It also will jeopardize the president’s opportunity to work with Republicans in 2015. History has shown that granting legal status with only the promise, not proven results, of border security does not work. A unilateral executive action granting amnesty would be a disservice to everyone who followed the law to legally immigrate to the United States.
For years, Republicans in Congress have urged Majority Leader Harry Reid to allow a vote on the Keystone XL Pipeline. The State Department twice found that there would be no significant environmental impacts if the project is built, yet the Obama Administration continues to delay final approval. I am pleased that some on the other side of the aisle finally have called on Congress to end President Obama’s needless delay on this project. This $5.3 billion, privately-funded, shovel-ready project should have been approved a long time ago.
Gary Varvel of the Indy Star hits the nail on the head
We should keep the federal government out of the business of regulating the Internet.   The United States has always been a place where someone with nothing can achieve anything. Freedom allows that social mobility, and the Internet is a haven for that entrepreneurial freedom.
The Internet is the great equalizer when it comes to jobs and opportunity. We should make a commitment, right now, to keep it that way!
Low taxes, light regulation, and a Great American Energy Renaissance have fueled Texas' best-in-the-country job growth. #MakeDCListen
Wahoo Frontier Topping and Johnny Midnite & Co in Buffalo is a family owned and operated business that uses the highest quality ingredients to create gourmet steak sauce, syrups, jams and other delicious products. Thanks to owners Jeff and Amy Sawyer for letting me get a feel for the job by bottling and sticking labels on some products on October 29.  #WyoWorks
I attended the 20th annual Cowboys Against Cancer benefit in Rock Springs on November 1 and helped auction off a cowboy hat to raise money. The money raised from this great event assists Sweetwater County residents who are diagnosed with cancer. It is always heart-warming to see how giving our communities in Wyoming can be when it comes to helping our neighbors.
I'm looking forward to legislating in the new Congress the way we should -- through committees, debate on the Senate floor, amendments, votes and an open process. Congratulations to our leaders including Senator John Barrasso who was re-elected GOP Policy Chairman.
I was honored to speak at the graduation ceremony for detention officers from the Wyoming Law Enforcement Academy on October 28 in Douglas. #WyoWorks
Senate action on behalf of Arizona and the other states that stepped up to ensure public access to national parks during the government shutdown is long overdue. With the committee’s approval in hand, I urge Senate leadership to allow for the swift passage of this commonsense, bipartisan bill.
We are finding this week that we have too many Senate Republicans to comfortably fit in the LBJ room.  Nice problem to have.
More on my and Senator Tom Udall's meeting with #AlanGross in #Cuba from last night's CNN The Situation Room. I also covered developments on #ISIL and #Ukraine.
One centrifuge in the hands of the Ayatollahs that can be used to make a nuclear weapon is one too many. #Iran
Looks like Dems stacking DC circuit by invoking nuclear option backfired…won’t hear Obamacare case while SCOTUS considers
The Grise family of Bettendorf sets a strong example for potential adoptive families.  Senator Grassley is glad to showcase the family.  Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-adoption-advocates-honor-bettendorf-family-adopting-foster-care
NA
NA
#TBT to January 1999 and one of my appearances with Tim Russert on Meet the Press. Tim was a friend and will forever be remembered for his dedication to journalism and for bringing the latest news in Washington to our homes on Sunday morning.
EPA Region 6 Administrator Ron Curry published an op-ed in the Oklahoman recently praising the proposed Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule. The Oklahoman gave me a chance to respond and explain my concern that the EPA is expanding its authority well beyond what the original law was intended to regulate. This has the potential to impact our farmers, land developers, and even your backyard. I hope you will take a moment to read more here:   http://newsok.com/sen.-jim-inhofe-epa-should-withdraw-proposed-water-rule/article/5365826
I couldn't agree more with what the Wall Street Journal had to say here about the President’s climate deal with China: "Meaningless global warming promises are much easier than corralling weapons of mass destruction in North Korea, or convincing Beijing to fight Islamic State, or for that matter stopping Chinese cyber-attacks on U.S. military and corporate targets. Mr. Xi must have been delighted to see a U.S. President agree to make America less economically competitive in return for rhetorical bows to doing something someday about climate change.”   http://online.wsj.com/articles/green-leap-forward-1415838404?mod=wsj_review_&_outlook
I appreciate USA TODAY for giving me the opportunity to write the opposing view to the paper’s support of the President’s climate deal with China. The reason I call this a non-binding charade is because as China’s economy grows, so will its demand for electricity. With China accounting for 50 percent of global coal consumption; with China bringing a new coal-fired power plant online every 10 days; and with China having no other inexpensive energy resources like natural gas, how can it keep any of its promises that were made to our President?   While China continues to lure manufacturing and agriculture jobs away from our shores with promises of cheap labor and abundant electricity, the overbearing climate regulations coming out of the EPA will only move the needle on global warming by 0.018 degrees Celsius by 2100. All pain; no gain. Read more here: http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2014/11/12/greenhouse-gas-emissions-sen-james-inhofe-editorials-debates/18940687/
We should throw open the doors of Congress, and restore genuine representative democracy to the American republic. No more ‘cliff’ crises.  No more secret negotiations.  No more take-it-or-leave-it deadline deals.  No more passing bills without reading them.  No more procedural manipulation to block debate and compromise.  These are the abuses that have created today’s status quo—the status quo Republicans have been hired to correct.
You can still join my tele-townhall.  It is streaming now:
My tele-townhall is happening now.  Click here to participate on Facebook: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Stars and Stripes on Thirteen Soldiers: "These are great and powerful stories that deserve to be retold ... Indeed, as we head into a new war in Iraq, it is good to know where our fighting men and women have already been and what they saw there."
“We’ve assembled a great leadership team that will focus on getting the Senate working again, and passing legislation to help create jobs, improve the economy and continue moving our nation towards energy independence,” said McConnell. “We are eager to work towards bipartisan agreements and to implement real legislative accomplishments.”
In the Senate Appropriations Committee hearing yesterday on the U.S. government’s response to the Ebola outbreak, the Administration’s Ebola Response Coordinator, Ron Klain, was absent. The White House declined the Committee’s request for Mr. Klain to testify even though he is the Administration’s point person on the Ebola response. The Administration has once again failed to clearly articulate the coordination among the various agencies and departments involved in this response effort and their respective objectives, especially when we have our service men and women on the ground in West Africa. The stakes are high and Americans need confidence that their government is accountable and working in their best interest.
Today’s action finally setting a vote in the Senate on the Keystone XL Pipeline suggests the soon-to-be Republican majority is already improving the Senate’s ability to take on important legislation. I suspect this is merely the first of many issues to finally receive the Senate’s attention after years of being denied votes. This vote should have happened years ago, and while I am pleased it will finally be brought to the Senate floor, President Obama will likely veto the job-creating measure once it reaches his desk.
Education is the vital first step to improving the quality of life in rural Alaska. Tonight on PBS’ NewsHour, they will report a story about how Dillingham – like many regional hubs – is implementing culturally-relevant curricula to bridge the gap between typical textbooks and the everyday lives of young rural Alaskans.
Fresh from my time at the Arctic Circle Conference in Iceland, it’s great to see articles like this in our newspapers. Captain Pete Garay lays out a great case why we need to prepare for increased activity in the Arctic.
The message from the American people on Election Day was clear: End Washington gridlock. Read my Fox News op-ed here.
In case you missed it: Earlier today, I held the EEOC nominees accountable. 
 WATCH the heated exchange: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpPoqK31Zw4&feature=youtu.be
http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=1e7198e7-5b93-4674-b4a5-1724e9b212a2
The President's attempts to grant executive amnesty must be stopped.
Today, we mark World Pancreatic Cancer Day and continue the fight against the 4th leading cause of cancer-related death.
NA
I enjoyed meeting with Rocket City Launch Executive Director Tia Wheeler and Madison Mayor Troy Trulock in Washington, D.C. Congratulations to Rocket City Launch for receiving grant funding from the SBA/White House Business Council.
SC students: interested in a congressional internship? Learn more here http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-accepting-applications-spring-2015-internships  You can contact my office at (202) 224-6121 and internships@scott.senate.gov!
It’s American #Diabetes Month! Millions of Americans live each day of their lives with diabetes, and as many as 1 in 3 of us could have diabetes by 2050 if current trends continue. This month, learn how you can make personal changes to help change the course of diabetes from the American Diabetes Association.
Today I urged the U.S. Senate to pass two bills to protect America’s children. These bipartisan measures will help keep our children safe in the classroom.  #passthetrash
The United States should stand steadfast with the people of Hong Kong in their fight to exercise self-determination. This is an opportunity to speak with a unified American voice in support of universal freedom and democratic values. The Congress and the Obama Administration should act to ensure China honors its longstanding obligation under international law to maintain Hong Kong’s autonomy.
I am thankful for the confidence and the support of my colleagues. I intend to roll up my sleeves immediately to ensure that we have the resources available to preserve our Republican majority. This Senate Republican leadership team is ready to go to bat for the American people, and I am proud to be a part of it.
