ICYMI: Today’s Washington Times op-ed by Sen. Alexander: “The power grab behind the crocodile tears: Democrats try to change the rules when they can’t get their way.” Alexander writes: “This week's ‘nuclear option’ debate about whether U.S. senators should be permitted to filibuster presidential nominations was not about filibusters. It was instead about whether a majority of senators should be able to change the rules of the Senate anytime for any purpose. Former Sen. Arthur Vandenberg of Michigan once offered the precise trouble with this idea: ‘If a majority of the Senate can change its rules at any time, there are no rules.’ In other words, this was a power grab.” http://1.usa.gov/18ljOBk
Our nation has a solemn responsibility to find and bring home the remains of American military heroes who served overseas, and we owe it to our fallen and missing soldiers and their families to do everything in our power to fulfill that promise.
Enjoyed meeting with Dave, Cheryl, and Taylor Pratt of Goffstown, visiting the nation's capital this week
What do small business owners say is hindering their ability to hiring more employees? Find out the answer from a recent U.S. Chamber of Commerce survey.
NA
I'll join Chuck Todd on MSNBC’s "Daily Rundown" at 9:10 am (ET) 7:10 am (MT) to talk about the "Nuclear Option."
VIDEO: Speaking on the Senate Floor yesterday, I advocated the need for structural changes at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that will increase accountability and transparency at the agency.  Most recently, I have been engaged in pushing back on a big data collection initiative that the CFPB has undertaken, collecting information on hundreds of millions of consumers’ credit card data, bank account data, mortgage data and student loan data.  Absent changes, the bureau will be able to continue this process unchecked.
News Release: I have joined a fellow western colleague, Colorado Senator Michael Bennet, in a letter to the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security to push the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to use a greater share of its mitigation funding to prevent catastrophic wildfires in the coming years.  Nationally, wildfires killed 13 firefighters and civilians last year, destroyed over 2,000 homes, and caused an estimated $1 billion in economic losses.  Massive fires in both Idaho and Colorado significantly contributed to this national toll.  And this summer has brought a fresh wave of new fires, many of which continue to burn.  A 2007 CBO study of FEMA’s Pre-Disaster Mitigation (PDM) program found that a very small share of the agency’s funding went toward wildfires mitigation.  Yet in the same report, CBO concluded that these infrequently funded fire mitigation projects have one of the highest returns on investment.  For every dollar FEMA has spent through the PDM fund on wildfire mitigation, it has saved more than $5 in future disaster losses.
Just voted against moving forward w/ nomination of Tom Perez to be Labor Secy.
Cornyn: President Threatens to Veto His Own Proposal:
This morning at 8:30 a.m. ET, Senator Corker will participate in a discussion on housing finance reform at an event hosted by the Bipartisan Policy Center. Nick Timiraos of the Wall Street Journal will moderate a discussion between Corker and Senator Mark Warner of Virginia. Last month, Corker, Warner and a bipartisan group of senators introduced legislation to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns. Tune in here: http://bit.ly/18J9bLk.
Thanks to Tom Marshburn and Chris Hadfield for dropping by our office and for all the great research aboard the International Space Station.
Federal employees shouldn't be paid by taxpayers to complete duties that are not related to their job, including highly political union-related activities. Senator Barrasso and I joined efforts today to reduce this use of “official time” for government employees. Federal agencies have a mission, and that should be the priority of their workers.
I will be sending out my monthly e-newsletter later today. Click the link below to sign up.
Yesterday, I introduced a bill with Senator John McCain to help reduce wildfire risks. azcentral.com has more details.
I have received the opportunity to sponsor a Senate Page for the Fall 2013 semester in Washington, D.C. The Senate Page program is a wonderful academic experience that offers a front row seat to the legislative process. I encourage interested high school juniors to visit my website for more information on how to apply! Applications are due by July 29.
More strong reviews of Nebraska's business-friendly policies. The Omaha World-Herald reports our state comes in at No. 2 on Pollina's annual ranking.
Signed on today as a cosponsor of Senator Ted Cruz's (R-Texas) legislation to defund #Obamacare.
Here's The Scoop - Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Great to join Senator Joe Manchin III on Morning Joe. Thanks Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough for having us. #MorningJoe
Today I spoke with Mike Huckabee on the Nuclear Option, Gina McCarthy, and Climate Change. Listen here: http://t.co/xm73uUvR8E
Dr Wayne Watson and I are looking forward to Chicago State University'sEntrepreneurial Idol on Aug 22. http://www.csu.edu/business/eicompetition/ Please Share
Congratulations to #DeltaSigmaTheta on your 100th anniversary! Great to meet a few #Illinois DST sisters today. #DST100
Share this if you agree: "Republicans in Congress must now stand up for the individuals and families who do not have the money, lobbyists, and connections to get this Administration’s attention.  And we should do so using one of the few constitutional powers Congress still guards – its power of the purse. As long as President Obama selectively enforces Obamacare, no annual appropriations bill or continuing resolution should fund further implementation of the law.   In other words, if the president won’t follow it, the American people shouldn’t fund it."
I am looking forward to Jell-O Wednesday today.  All are invited to come by my DC office, Senate Hart Building 316, at 3:30 to eat Utah's official state snack with me.
“The President was so worried about some of this law turning into a disaster that he selectively delayed a big chunk of it. But he only did that for businesses. A constituent of mine was recently interviewed by a TV station in Paducah, and here’s what she had to say about the President's decision... ‘It ain’t right’. Well, she's not alone."
It was great to meet with Olpe-native Tyler Farthing and Tecumseh-native Jonathan Whitford today who are both in DC as delegates to the National Youth Science Camp. The camp selects 121 students from across the United States and from around the globe to take part the summer after they graduate from high school.
I’m glad to hear the Marine Corps agreed to keep their information technology center in Kansas City and preserve more than 400 jobs. Although other options were considered, the Marine Corps made the right choice and it will benefit the Kansas City community for years to come.
I’m pleased to hear the Day & Zimmermann (D&Z) land transfer process with the U.S. Army was completed yesterday. The agreement marks the end of nearly eight years of negotiations, will preserve more than 100 jobs, and keep plant operations open—all good news for the Parsons community and for Kansas. D&Z is a century-old, family-owned provider of caliber munitions and components.
Today marks the 40th anniversary of the Senate voting to approve construction of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline.  TAPS has helped make Alaska what it is today, but our pipeline faces an uncertain future as it carries less oil every year.  A vast amount of oil remains as yet untapped in Alaska, most of it trapped on federal lands.  It’s my hope that on this 40th anniversary of the pipeline, that the nation will look to the north and pay greater attention to the looming problem of losing a major portion of our country’s domestic oil production if more federal lands in Alaska aren’t opened to responsible development.
Our Fort Greely is so important to our nation’s missile defense system, especially given recent actions by North Korea and Iran.  Today I was assured the problems that lead to 3 system tests in a row have been resolved and that Greely’s capabilities will continue to be ramped up – and possibly boosted if Iran continues its aggressive posture.
A lot of what I do in the Senate is cutting red tape and advocating for common-sense spending on vital programs.  Today, I think I was successful in both: getting us one step closer to having a USCG National Security Cutter home ported in Alaska, more funding for an icebreaker, funding for our fire fighters and improving the process for TWIC cards.  Find all the details here:
Not just "low level" officials - turns out the IRS scandal goes to one of the top political appointees of agency.
Abandoned and blighted structures are public safety issue in many Ohio cities, and we’re taking steps to solve this. Check out my Lima News op-ed here:
NA
I enjoyed listening to my colleague, Sen. Barrasso, fighting against the UN Arms Treaty  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWtsce6rACU
Earlier today, I met with the Kentucky Corn Growers Association to discuss the Farm Bill and other pieces of legislation that affect Kentucky farmers.
"For many Democrats, getting rid of the filibuster for nominees is the first step in turning the Senate into an institution where the majority rules lock, stock and barrel."  Read more here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/17/the-power-grab-behind-the-crocodile-tears/print/
Must Read: "Watch him pull a USDA-mandated rabbit disaster plan out of his hat" http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/watch-him-pull-a-usda-mandated-rabbit-disaster-plan-out-of-his-hat/2013/07/16/816f2f66-ed66-11e2-8163-2c7021381a75_story_1.html
Great news hit the wire this week as Day & Zimmermann announced the completion of land transfer from U.S. Army to save operations at the former Kansas Ammunition Plant. http://goo.gl/A5bY4  If your unfamiliar with the story check out the video below!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biyzm853g00
Harry Reid stated last Sunday on Meet the Press “ObamaCare has been wonderful for America.” Even labor unions are now worried the law will “shatter” their health benefits.  Like and Share if you agree ObamaCare is NOT wonderful for America. 
 
 http://roberts.senate.gov
Rubio On Labor Secretary Nominee: We Cannot Move Forward With A Nominee Who Refuses To Comply With A Congressional Subpoena: http://1.usa.gov/1dFuc7I
Senator Rubio Introduces United Nations Reform Bill: http://1.usa.gov/16J473F
http://www.al.com/business/index.ssf/2013/07/alabama_named_among_top_10_pro.html#incart_river_default
Great to welcome Kenneth Canty of Freeland Construction in Charleston to our Small Business Committee roundtable on tax reform and making the tax code work for small businesses and startups. #southcarolina
Great to meet with representatives from the Snack Food Association today. I appreciate their support for reform of our wasteful and costly government-subsidized sugar program.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, joined officials from Olympus Corporation of the Americas to cut the ribbon on their new Medical Learning Center. With nearly 900 employees in the Lehigh Valley, they develop solutions for healthcare professionals to help improve outcomes and enhance quality of life for patients. The Medical Learning Center, a 2,875 square foot modern training facility featuring cutting-edge medical technology, will be used to train Olympus employees and distributor partners from across North and South America.
The Coatesville VA Medical Center will host the 7th annual Welcome Home Celebration to welcome back veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan and to introduce them to the VA healthcare and benefits they've earned. Please share this info with any veterans you may know. As always, we thank them for their service.
NA
