President Obama’s proposed 10-year budget never balances and adds about $8 trillion to the national debt. Read more HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1ne2Wnt
Yesterday, I spoke on the Senate floor again to share more stories of how ObamaCare is impacting Missourians. Watch below and visit my website to share your story: bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
During today’s Finance Committee hearing, I questioned Secretary Lew about the targeting of conservative groups by the IRS and the bonuses received after-the-fact. IRS employees who targeted conservative organizations need to be held accountable, not receive bonuses.  
We're bringing our office to you. We have several opportunities to reach our staff during our Mobile Office events in March. Read more in this month's edition of the Boozman Bulletin. 
NA
Today I introduced a resolution in support of Ukraine and to condemn Russia’s recent military aggression. The resolution proposes sanctions and other measures to compel Russia to withdraw from the Ukrainian region of Crimea.  This is an effort to contribute new, meaningful ideas for President Obama to consider as a strong response to Russia’s military invasion of a neighbor. The proposals are designed to isolate Russia and would inflict real pain on Putin and Russian interests. Some of these ideas can be accomplished unilaterally, while others require us to lead our allies toward broader agreement.  http://www.coats.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/coats-introduces-resolution-to-isolate-punish-russia-
NA
The President's budget never balances, adds to the debt, increases spending and breaks the budget caps.
NA
Sen. Collins invited Aroostook County native Dixie Shaw, who is the Director of Hunger and Relief Services for Catholic Charities Maine in Caribou, to testify before a Senate Aging Committee hearing to examine poverty among our nation's seniors.  The hearing was titled, "Income Security and the Elderly: Securing Gains made in the War on Poverty."
Great meeting with the Bicycle Coalition of Maine today!
NA
Cornyn: Another Day, Another Delay: 
NA
The nomination of Rose Gottemoeller to be Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security is only the most recent manifestation of the backwards approach to foreign policy pursued by the Obama administration over the last five years.   President Obama proposes to recycle the failed negotiator from New START and put her in a position of considerable authority to manage our highly sensitive and adversarial relationships with both Russia and Iran. Given Ms. Gottemoeller’s track record of prioritizing getting a deal over defending our national security interests, this nomination poses an unacceptable risk in a dangerous time. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to unite in voting no on Rose Gottemoeller.
The lawlessness continues. #FullRepeal
Once again Lois Lerner appears in front of a congressional committee, and once again she refuses to answer any questions about #IRS targeting.  We need real accountability.
Wondering why we're funding millions of dollars for algae rather than the Army? I asked SecDef Hagel today: 
Glad to see the Senate reject nomination of Debo Adegbile. Those who lionize convicted cop killers are not suitable for major leadership roles at the Department of Justice.
I stand with the Fraternal Order of Police in opposition to Debo Adegbile. He is not suitable for a leadership role at the Department of Justice.
On this day in 1946, Sir Winston Churchill came to Fulton, Missouri to deliver his bold "Iron Curtain" speech. We should be inspired by his courage and clarity in purpose today.
I hope we don’t move forward with this nomination. I hope my colleagues will join me and others in voicing opposition to this nomination moving ahead.
Arizona National Association of Counties Breakfast
Another day, another selective, election-year ObamaCare delay. Today, 27 Democrats joined House Republicans in voting to delay ObamaCare for all Americans. I urge Harry Reid to allow a vote on the Fairness for American Families Act in the Senate, a bill I am cosponsoring to provide relief for everyone. No more ObamaCare winners and losers. 
Proud to kick off this morning's Nebraska Breakfast with a video celebrating our state's proud heritage!
Dashun Jackson and Jen Hope met with Capitol Hill staff today to share their foster care experiences and discuss the overprescribing of anti-psychotic drugs in foster youth.  Senator Grassley works to protect foster youth and improve the services available to them.  Here’s a news story featuring Dashun and Jen, describing just one of the challenges foster youth face:  
Yet another #ObamaCare delay. Clearly this law is bad and needs to be replaced. 
At today’s SASC hearing, I reiterated to Defense Sec. Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey that the President’s FY'15 defense budget is unacceptable. The President has spent $120 billion on his climate change agenda yet he refuses to fully fund our national security to address looming global threats.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/inhofe-informant
Senator Johnson on 2/28/14 at a town hall in Trevor.
First line of the article: "The Obama administration announced Wednesday that it will let people keep health insurance plans..."  Instead of being a free choice that is made between you, your doctor, and your insurance company, the decisions you  make about your health care are now limited to whatever the Obama administration decides to "let" you do.
Patent reform isn't a conservative or a liberal issue.  All Americans should support reforms to the patent system that will prevent litigation abuse and bad faith demand letters while protecting legitimate intellectual property and encouraging innovation.
‘We can now put to rest for good any notion that the relationship with Russia has been reset.’
‘Everyone deserves a fair trial and a zealous legal defense.  And lawyers aren’t personally responsible for the actions of their clients.  But lawyers are responsible for their own actions.  In this case, the nominee inserted his office in an effort to turn reality on its head, impugn honorable and selfless law enforcement officers, and glorify an unrepentant cop-killer. This is not required by our legal system.  On the contrary, it is noxious to it. I therefore will oppose the nomination, and strongly urge my colleagues to do so as well.’
‘By announcing a new delay in requiring that policies meet minimum coverage standards, the administration avoids a new round of health policy cancellations set to hit shortly before the November elections. What makes this latest delay so troubling is the fact that it was prompted not by the heartbreaking stories of millions of Americans but by the private pleadings of a handful of endangered Democrats.’
Today, I spoke to members of the National Air Transportation Association (NATA), small business owners visiting Washington to promote general aviation. As the largest industry in Kansas, general aviation generates nearly $3 billion in annual exports. In fact, Kansas aviation workers have supplied 75 percent of all general aviation aircraft since the Wright Brothers’ first flight at Kitty Hawk.   When only 10 percent of our nation’s airports have commercial service, general aviation is essential for connecting millions of Americans in rural communities to the rest of the world. It is also integral to agriculture, forestry, disaster relief, rescue and medical evacuation operations, and countless other fields.  Unfortunately, it is a constant battle to correct Washington’s misconceptions and stereotypes about what general aviation is and means to communities across the country. I will continue to fight Washington’s habit of singling out general aviation businesses and consumers for cuts or increased fees as a means to justify more wasteful spending.
It was a pleasure meeting with students from my Alma mater yesterday who are members of Student Senate | University of Kansas. They advocate for their fellow KU students and represent them at the university, state and national levels. I appreciated the opportunity to visit with them about the importance of public service and their interests beyond college. Thanks to Student Body President Marcus Tetwiler and Student Body Vice President Emma Halling for leading this bright group. Other students in Washington representing KU included Government Relations Director Eric Hurrt, Treasurer Michael Graham, Development Director Marquise Paige and Outreach Director Morgan Said.
NA
I’m disappointed with the President’s budget for a number of reasons, but perhaps one of the most glaring omissions is the Arctic.  Though the administration claims it is taking America’s Arctic future seriously, time and time again it has failed to put its money where its mouth is.
Once again, Alaska’s bypass mail system is under attack. This service is vital to so many parts of our state.  What many may not realize is bypass actually saves the USPS $13.4 million a year and costs the US Treasury absolutely nothing. The bypass mail process—as it is currently constructed—is the most cost-efficient method for delivering mail to rural Alaska. 
Honored to meet with Ohio Delegates of Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW today to discuss productive ways to help our veterans. 
Today, I caught up w/ the Mangione family of Kentucky & they are still suffering under Obamacare.  Read their Obamacare horror story here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1035 …
Here was my exchange today at the Finance Committee hearing with Treasury Secretary Lew. The IRS awarded employees $62 million in bonuses following the targeting scandal. Do you agree with Secretary Lew when he says people at the IRS have been held accountable?
Help honor Olpe Kansas Girls Basketball Coach Jesse Nelson, the all-time winningest high school basketball coach in Kansas history, by voting for him in the USA Today “Best Girls Basketball Coach” contest. Vote as many times as you like here: http://contest.usatodayhss.com/
Senate Democrats made the right decision and joined Republicans to block the Obama Administration's controversial nomination of Debo Adegbile to head the Justice Department's civil rights decision. 
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew is testifying before the Senate Finance Committee today. What would you ask him? I plan to ask about the IRS scandal and their attack on the First Amendment.
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation Promoting Alternative Higher Education Credentials In Federal Hiring: http://1.usa.gov/1gSac48  Rubio: “Today there are an infinite number of ways for people to learn and master trades, including many low-cost online opportunities. Unfortunately, our current higher education model is based on a broken accreditation system that favors established institutions while blocking out the new providers that are more affordable and accessible to many Americans.    “Combined with stringent hiring requirements in many professions, this has created a barrier to entry into the workforce for those who received their education from an unaccredited, alternative provider. By creating a federal pilot program to test the employment of these individuals, I believe we will find that the source of an employee’s education is far less important than some previously thought.    “Those who have the skills and aptitude to be successful in a job deserve the opportunity to be considered for employment, even if they learned the trade from a non-traditional source. This pilot program will likely make that possible by creating private sector confidence in the hiring of these individuals.” 
Senator Rubio Discusses Conservative Reforms with Hannity: http://1.usa.gov/1c8ECSn  Rubio: “Our challenge is to take our time-tested principles — free enterprise, limited government — and apply them to 21st century challenges.”
Today, the President's Budget Director testified before Congress about the President's proposal to increase discretionary spending yet again above the in-law limits.    Encourage everyone to watch this video of Senator Sessions, the Senate Budget Committee's Ranking Member, question the witness:
Proud to join the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth today.  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=48646
Talking opportunity with Brad Pomerance for Charter Local News in South Carolina
A good day for Pennsylvania and for those who believe in justice.
My statement on today's vote regarding Debo Adegbile to head the civil rights division at the Department of Justice:   Today is a good day for Pennsylvania, for America, and for those who believe in justice.  It was a hard fought victory to the end.  I appreciate the bipartisan support of my colleagues -- including Senators Casey, Coons, and Manchin -- and from Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams in opposing the confirmation of Mr. Adegbile.  Today the Senate affirmed that our criminal justice system must never be abused to propagate a dishonest, radical agenda.  The American people, especially law enforcement and Maureen Faulkner, deserve better.
Debo Adegbile helped celebrate a cop-killer. He is unfit for the DOJ. Thanks to Sean Hannity for the chance to discuss this last night.
March 5, 1946: Winston Churchill delivers the "Iron Curtain" speech at Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri.
I will be joining Sean Hannity on Fox News at 10:30 tonight to discuss my opposition to the nomination of Debo Adegbile to head up the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice.  Hope you can tune in.
John Boozman and I support the United States Merchant Marine Academy Board of Visitors Enhancement Act
Today’s vote in the House signals strong bipartisan and bicameral support for providing relief to homeowners and businesses from drastic flood insurance premium hikes. Millions of Americans are facing massive increases in flood insurance rates, which would threaten livelihoods and communities nationwide. I am hopeful that we can reach a swift compromise between the Senate and House versions of this critical legislation. We need to get a bill to the President to sign.
