Yesterday, Senator Alexander called for restricted travel from Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone to the U.S. to help prevent the spread of Ebola.   “Given the spread of Ebola in Dallas, the most sensible way to prevent the spread of Ebola in the United States is to restrict travel to the U.S. from Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone in West Africa to essential personnel, and to develop quarantine procedures for anyone from those countries arriving in the United States. These individuals should be monitored for symptoms for 21 days to make certain they are not infected with Ebola.   In addition, I again urge the president, as I did last week, to designate immediately a single cabinet member to coordinate a more urgent Ebola response among all U.S. agencies involved and other countries that should be more involved. This crisis needs stronger leadership and a greater sense of urgency from the president."
I joined NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins yesterday for a tour of the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, where we discussed the important research taking place as well as the nation's response to #Ebola. President Obama needs to lead during this critical time.
Great win for the Kansas City #Royals tonight! On to the World Series.
“Two weeks ago, I urged the President and his Administration to reassess the strategies and protocols we have in place to deal with the threat posed by the deadly Ebola virus.  Unfortunately, it appears that little has changed in the federal government’s response.  In the meantime, the NIH Director is playing politics, the CDC Director is playing catch up, and the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response at HHS— a position created years ago to lead our nation’s medical and public health response in just such an emergency – is nowhere to be found.” Read more:
Thanks to Spectra Technologies for showing me around your Camden facility. Keep up the good work. #ARDefense
We all have a responsibility to eliminate bullying and help create an environment in which students feel safe and accepted all the time. To raise awareness, October is designated as National Bullying Prevention Month.
We're continuing on our Arkansas Defense Tour today with more stops in Camden this morning. KARD caught up with us at B&M Painting yesterday to ask about the tour. You can watch the interview below. Thanks to Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, Raytheon and B&M Painting for welcoming us to their facilities yesterday.
Enjoyed the opportunity to speak to the Terre Haute Chamber of Commerce and hear from local residents.
NA
NA
Cornyn Calls for Coordinated Federal Response to Ebola: "The White House has done little over the past few weeks to inspire the confidence of Texans and the time for the Administration to act is now."
The city of Houston has no power – no legal authority – to silence the church. Caesar has no jurisdiction over the pulpit, and when you subpoena one pastor, you subpoena every pastor. #StandWithPastors
The Obama Administration’s arguments against a flight ban for countries afflicted by Ebola don’t make sense.
It's been two weeks since I asked the FAA what it's doing to protect Americans from Ebola.  STILL no response...
October 10 at the McMurry Training Center in Casper I was able to test out their “skid car”, which lets students learn what it is like to skid out of control in bad weather. With programs focused on welding, truck driving, safety and more, the McMurry Training Center is helping provide the “industry-driven, short-term, high-intensity” training programs needed to help employees develop important skills to ensure that they can succeed. #WyoWorks
NA
NA
“This is yet another reason we’ve worked so hard to make the region a national hub for research, development, testing, operations and the commercialization of unmanned aerial technologies. The Arctic region is emerging as an important focus for the U.S. military. That means the Northern Command will need the right tools to secure America’s interests and national security in the region, including reconnaissance aircraft like the Global Hawks based at Grand Forks Air Force Base. I’m committed to working in the Senate to make sure the Air Force has those resources, and believe Grand Forks Air Force Base offers real advantages to serving in an Arctic mission.”
I stand with Senator John Thune and Congressman Bill Shuster and call for a temporary travel ban from affected West African nations, including Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea.  This will enhance the safety of and confidence in our travel system, which is vital to the health of our economy. Until we get this situation under control in the United States, we cannot continue to risk the safety of fellow travelers and our healthcare professionals.   Read more here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-calls-for-travel-ban-in-response-to-ebola-outbreak
#TBT to Kuwait, 1991: For more than 20 years I have been monitoring and providing policy oversight for how the different White House Administrations are handling American interests in the Middle East as it pertains to our national security. What our friends and allies in the region need most is U.S. resolve and consistent strong leadership to bring about long-term stability for our allies in the region and security throughout the world.
As units from Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma are being deployed to fight ISIS, my prayers are with these men and women who are answering the call to protect American interests and our national security. It was an honor to visit them recently and share my deep appreciation for their unwavering commitment to our country. Let us in Oklahoma remember to surround and support the Tinker families who anxiously await a safe return of their servicemembers. #SupportOurTroops  http://www.koco.com/news/tinker-units-deploy-to-fight-isis/29146702
A safe, strong U.S. transportation system is the backbone of a robust economy. It is Congress’ Constitutional responsibility to maintain and modernize our nation’s roads, bridges and highways and as a senior member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I am tasked with carrying out this responsibility in the most efficient, effective way possibly. It is critical that stakeholders from the local to national level work together to ensure our transportation infrastructure can support our global economy.  This morning I welcomed U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx to a roundtable event in Tulsa, Okla. to discuss the recent highway enhancement projects in the area and the future of transportation on the local, state and national levels. Tulsa Mayor Dewey Bartlett, Oklahoma Secretary of Transportation Gary Ridley, and Oklahoma Department of Transportation Executive Director Mike Patterson participated in the event.
The Ebola crisis has been a growing problem for several months, and it is now present in America. The Obama administration and the CDC need to communicate far better and provide more competent leadership to protect our citizens.  Effective leadership begins with honest and forthright communication that will help reduce the justified concerns of the American public. Click the link below to read my full statement. -rj
Yesterday Sen. Johnson visited Domtar’s Nekoosa paper mill and toured the facility as part of his #ManufacturingMonth tour around Wisconsin.
This is Gsgt. Richard J. Muhlbach USMC. He passed away on January 25, 1989 from complications of mesothelioma. He served 23 years active service in The Corps and several more in the reserves. His family and his country are very proud of him. #honorutahveterans
I had a great meeting with many members of the Utah legislature today.  I try to meet with them on a regular basis to find ways that we can work together to solve problems facing Utahns.  Many proposals I have recently introduced focus on decreasing Washington's power and increasing the role of the states.
Senator Mitch McConnell and Representative Brett Guthrie meet with officials at Kentucky Bioprocessing in Owensboro, Kentucky to discuss their #Ebola treatment research using tobacco plants.
I just wrapped up a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Sabetha. Thanks to the more than 20 folks who came out to discuss important issues including preserving our special way of life in Kansas. I appreciate Sabetha Middle School Principal Tom Palmer for hosting the meeting. For a full listing of my town hall meetings, visit my website at http://www.moran.senate.gov/.
At hospitals across our state, there are so many people involved in making certain patients are cared for — just like Debbie Hunsaker (pictured here). I had an informative visit at Hiawatha Community Hospital (HCH) this afternoon. Built in 1951 through the generosity of its citizens, HCH is a Critical Access Hospital and continues to be community-owned to this day. Thanks to HCH Administrator John Moore for hosting my tour.
Today, I visited The University of Kansas Hospital in Kansas City, Kansas, and continued my tour of Kansas’ 128 community hospitals to learn more about the ways Kansas hospitals plan to care for and isolate patients who may present themselves with Ebola.  During a press conference with The University of Kansas Hospital Chief Medical Officer Dr. Lee Norman, I shared my appreciation for the care and abundance of caution used by the staff, nurses and physicians to treat a possible Ebola patient; support of a travel ban on commercial airline passengers traveling from nations afflicted by Ebola; and my efforts to hold a Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee Hearing on the domestic implications of Ebola. (photo courtesy of The University of Kansas Hospital.)
Kansas City Royals fans awoke today to realize the World Series is not just a dream, but will actually be played at The K next Tuesday night. My wife Robba was at the games in ‘85 and we’ll be cheering on the Royals again this time as they seek to bring the world championship back to Kansas City. Let’s go, Royals!
Lenexa, Kansas based "Heart To Heart International" plans $6 million humanitarian aid mission to help Ebola victims in Liberia.
Heritage languages and cultures must be celebrated—not just for a month, but every day. I was honored to speak at the National Indian Education Association conference in Anchorage today and share my thoughts about how traditional ways of knowing and learning must be understood and used by teachers.
Thanks to the Greater Fairbanks Chamber of Commerce for giving me the chance to talk with the Leadership Fairbanks class today. Discussions these bright young men and women are having as part of the Leadership Institute are incredibly important to ensuring a positive future for generations of Alaskans to come.
Laid out in POLITICO  a comprehensive, five-step strategy to address the Ebola epidemic. It requires proactive leadership and focused execution.
Interesting tour of PolyOne in Lorain County this morning. Good talk on energy, taxes, and worker training.
Kentucky politicians who have appeared on the cover of TIME Magazine.  Read TIME's latest piece HERE: http://time.com/3512657/rand-paul-reinventions/
Rubio: Disgraceful That Obama Administration Did Nothing To Stop Venezuela’s Bid To Join UN Security Council: http://1.usa.gov/1qDV7HG  “The Venezuelan government has aligned itself with and supported the illicit activities of state sponsors of terrorism like Iran, North Korea and Syria, which all threaten America’s national security. It has supported Russian aggression against Ukraine. It has sided with terrorist groups like Hamas and Hezbollah, which are committed to Israel’s destruction. It has supported regional terrorism by the FARC and allowed drug cartels to conduct their narco-terrorism activities in the Western Hemisphere. It has routinely violated its international commitments by eroding democratic governance at home, trampling over the human rights of innocent Venezuelans, and supporting Cuba’s own human rights abuses as well.   “On every single issue where peace, democracy and human rights hang in the balance, the Venezuelan regime has stood on the side of aggression, destabilization and authoritarianism. As the events of this year have shown, this Venezuelan regime has the blood of innocent Venezuelans on its hands.   “For these and many more reasons, it is disgraceful that the Obama Administration failed to lift a finger in making the case why Venezuela’s membership on the U.N. Security Council is undeserved, further diminishes the legitimacy of this body, and ultimately sends a demoralizing message to the Venezuelan people who have suffered under the Chavez-Maduro regime. If any nation on earth should speak out against repressive governments like Venezuela, it should be the United States.”
ICYMI: Rubio: 5 Steps To Beat Ebola: http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/15/opinion/rubio-ebola-response/
Did you know that the expression "Damn the torpedoes, full speed ahead" came from the Battle of Mobile Bay?
Yucca Mountain : It's time to move forward.    Our state alone has contributed more than a billion dollars towards the Yucca Mountain project.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-yucca-mountain
Veterans: Come out to our Statewide Veteran Jobs Training Initiative!  More info here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-set-kick-statewide-veterans-job-training-initiative  http://greertoday.com/greer-sc/scott-bringing-veterans-jobs-training-initiative-to-greer/2014/10/15/
Looking forward to kicking off my statewide veterans job training initiatives--more info on Columbia, Myrtle Beach, Greer, and North Charleston events here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-set-kick-statewide-veterans-job-training-initiative
My son Patrick and me back when I was in the United States House of Representatives. I think he was trying make me smile wider... #tbt
I am proud to see that the Pennsylvania General Assembly has passed a bill to protect our students from child predators. I hope the U.S. Senate follows their example and passes my child protection bill this fall. http://bit.ly/1w97AI8
Had a wonderful morning at Pontotoc's Science, Engineering, and Technology Day.  Congratulations to the high school Congressional Award winners, and thank you to the many inspiring 3rd graders I met today.
