How much are you paying to fill up your car? Gas prices in Missouri hit a 15-month high this week – and may continue to rise this summer. Low and middle-income families are hurt the most by higher energy costs, which is why we must reduce our reliance on foreign oil and take an all-of-the-above approach to increasing American energy. 
Enjoyed talking with The American Legion Boys State of Missouri, Inc. participants via Skype last night – a great program with a long history of bringing the best and the brightest together for an innovative learning experience. Congratulations to all of the participants on being selected for this prestigious program. #MBS2014
The Arizona Republic reports that the Phoenix VA gave out roughly $10 million in bonuses over the past three years. At Phoenix alone, $10 million could hire 18 new doctors or 43 new nurses for 3 years.  Funding is not the problem – it’s priorities.  #FixtheVA #VAaccountability
I'll be joining Jonesboro's KASU Public Radio for a live interview in about 20 minutes. You can listen live by clicking on the link below.
Good news for Wyoming today. The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee passed two important water bills that will help ensure Wyoming and the entire inter-mountain West have a clean, abundant supply of water and electricity. Today’s vote puts us one step closer to having the information we need to improve aging water delivery systems and Bureau of Reclamation facilities across the country. I’ll work for the full Senate to pass both of these important bills soon. 
It was a pleasure to meet Vikas Vavilala of Indianapolis, a Congressional Award Medalist who completed 400 hrs of community service
NA
Great to meet with young Hoosiers representing Indiana in the National History Day contest.
NA
NA
Spoke with 580-KIDO’s Kevin Miller this morning about the federal government’s unwarranted intrusion into the private lives of ordinary Americans, particularly the Internal Revenue Service’s wrongful targeting of conservative groups. You can listen here: http://youtu.be/4peDW4Jhq54  
If you missed today's hearing to examine the impact of recent Social Security field office closures and service cuts, you can watch it by clicking here:  http://1.usa.gov/1vSsScD 
Senator Collins greeted students from Lawrence High School in Fairfield to our nation's capitol.  They join students from Noble High and Bruce M. Whittier Middle School at this year's National History Day competition.
NA
Senator Corker and Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) today unveiled the first bipartisan proposal to shore up the Highway Trust Fund to pay for transportation projects by updating the user fee on motor fuels while also including a plan to permanently reduce other taxes on American families and businesses by at least an equal amount.  “Growing up in Tennessee as a conservative, I learned that if something was important enough to have, it was important enough to pay for. That’s how we’ve governed in the Volunteer State, which has resulted in the second best transportation system in the country without having one penny of road debt,” said Senator Corker. “In Washington, far too often, we huff and puff about paying for proposals that are unpopular, yet throw future generations under the bus when public pressure mounts on popular proposals that have broad support. Congress should be embarrassed that it has played chicken with the Highway Trust Fund and allowed it to become one of the largest budgeting failures in the federal government. If Americans feel that having modern roads and bridges is important then Congress should have the courage to pay for it.”  The federal gas tax is a user fee that goes into the highway trust fund, and it is only used to pay for transportation projects. This user fee has not changed since 1993 – more than 20 years ago. Rather than borrow more money from future generations to fund highways and roads, Senator Corker thinks Congress should have the courage to pay for today’s projects. To help ease the burden on America families and businesses, Senator Corker’s proposal also includes at least an equal amount of permanent tax relief.     Click here to read more about the proposal: http://1.usa.gov/1nQ7cu8.
Today I enjoyed meeting with a group of charter school leaders to discuss the difference they're making in the lives of children across the country. School choice is the civil rights issue of our time, and charter schools help low-income and disadvantaged children to get the education they need to succeed.
ICYMI: Earlier this afternoon, Senate Democrats voted against the text of the First Amendment: http://1.usa.gov/1pJnGat #DontRepeal1A
I have more faith in the Bill of Rights than I do any elected official.   SHARE if you do too! #DontRepeal1A
The Obama Administration must act NOW to secure Meriam Ibrahim's release from Sudan where she's been sentenced to death simply for being a Christian.
Supporters of the Affordable Care Act have always claimed that their law would make healthcare more affordable. Unfortunately that isn't the case. We've known for years that health insurance rates would go up, leaving consumers and families to bear the burdens of these costs. If you live in Wyoming, you know that your rates are not just going up, they are going up in some parts of the state by double digits. Click the link below to find out how much rates are going up for you and the rest of the country. 
The stairway to hog heaven is a fast track to fiscal ruin. #PRIMECUTS
Having trouble with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at #Sahuarita Town Hall tomorrow between 1 p.m. and 2 p.m.
It was an honor to meet with Corporal Kyle Carpenter and his parents who came by my Washington office this afternoon. Tomorrow, Kyle will receive the Medal of Honor for heroism in Afghanistan.  A true American hero!
College-age Iowans interested in learning more about government should consider applying for an internship in Senator Grassley’s office.  Applications for the fall are due July 15. More information is available here:
This year marks 95 years for the Reno Rodeo. Looking forward to attending. http://1.usa.gov/1soQQ0D
Great meeting with the North Dakota students visiting Washington, D.C. for NRECA's Electric Cooperative Youth Tour
Senator Johnson visited today with a #4H group from #Wisconsin.
Today’s #AdventuresInDairyland photo comes from West Bend and was taken in 1912.   In honor of #JuneDairyMonth, Sen. Johnson has launched an Instagram photo contest! Wisconsinites are encouraged to take a picture of a dairy farm in their area and to share it on the senator’s Instagram account using the hashtag  #AdventuresInDairyland. The contestants with the most likes will get their photos displayed on the senator’s Instagram and Facebook pages and one lucky photographer will get her or his photo featured on Senator Johnson’s personal desk.
Senator Johnson met this afternoon with a 4H group from Wisconsin.
Watch Senator Johnson on Fox News Channel's  The Kelly File discussing the capture of the suspect in the Benghazi terror attack in Libya.
Here is more background on my amendment to bar the use of funding to implement, administer, or enforce the Obama administration’s proposed rule on Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing.  It is worth noting that Rep. Paul Gosar's amendment mentioned in this article passed, and I am hopeful that my amendment will be considered as the Senate debates the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill as well.
I joined a press conference today to talk about solutions the Senate could consider to help American families that are struggling in our sluggish economy.  I discussed the Working Families Flexibility Act, which would give employers the choice to offer comp time to employees that work overtime.  This bill has already been passed by the House of Representatives, and would be a great bill for the Senate to pass to give working American families more choices in how they choose to maintain work/life balance: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/working-family-flexibility
Today, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced that Hong Kong and the United States have reached an agreement to fully reopen Hong Kong’s borders to U.S. beef and beef products. The policy change comes 11 years after American beef was banned in Hong Kong amidst concerns about a positive case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy detected in the United States – a chronic degenerative disease affecting the central nervous system of cattle. The new standard makes Hong Kong consistent with the World Organization for Animal Health guidelines and will allow beef imports from U.S. cattle up to 30 months of age.   American farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality agricultural products in the world. Hong Kong’s new guidelines are a step in the right direction in regard to internationally-accepted, science-based trading standards. The guidelines will create more jobs and revenue in Kansas and our country, while providing foreign customers affordable access to our products.
It was a pleasure to visit with 6th graders from Manhattan’s Woodrow Wilson and Marlatt Elementary Schools today. They were in Washington, D.C., for the National History Day Competition that included 2,900 students from across the country. Each of the Kansas students qualified to compete nationally by placing first or second in the Kansas History Day competition. Students chose historical topics and conducted research through libraries, archives, museums, oral history interviews and historic sites, and they presented their projects earlier this week. I enjoyed visiting with this impressive group of young individuals about our shared passion for history and wish them all the best.
I now serve on the Board of Visitors of the AFA – a group of civilians, military leaders and Members of Congress who advise the leadership of the Air Force on Air Force Academy issues. It has always been a great honor to nominate Kansas high school students to attend one of our country’s military academies. I welcome this new opportunity to affect their education and training, and look forward to future Board meetings.
I love talking to young Alaskans who love to learn. Today I had the great opportunity to speak to 51 really bright young Alaskans who made the long trip to DC to compete in the National History Day contest. I wish them the best of luck!
Alaska's sustainably managed fisheries have a good story to tell, but they don't succeed by accident.  It takes thoughtful science and collaborative efforts among state and federal officials and stakeholders.  I joined my Senate Oceans Caucus Co-Chair at an international oceans event, and shared Alaska's story.
"Rand Paul’s drug war talk in Iowa was important, but not for the reason you think" via Washington  Post   READ:http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2014/06/18/rand-pauls-drug-war-talk-in-iowa-was-important-but-not-for-the-reason-you-think/
Thank you Walter Williams for speaking at my summer intern lecture series! If you're currently interning in D.C., keep an eye out for my next event.
It was my honor and privilege to meet an American hero and the very epitome of a U.S. Marine. Tomorrow, Corporal Kyle Carpenter will receive the Medal of Honor, our nation's highest award for bravery. Semper Fi and thank you, Corporal Carpenter. Marines
Rubio On The Situation In Iraq: We Must Learn The Lessons Of History, Obama Must Lead: http://1.usa.gov/1jzp2xi  Rubio: “Never again can we allow an Al Qaeda-style group to establish a safe haven where they can plot against us anywhere on this planet. And the choice before you, Mr. President, is you either deal with it now or some future president and future Congresses and future Americans will deal with it later.”
Rubio: Death Of American Hostage’s Mother Shows Cruel Nature Of Castro Regime: http://1.usa.gov/1r8oenX  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding the death of Evelyn Gross, the mother of Alan Gross, who has been held hostage by the Castro regime in Cuba since 2009:   “My thoughts and prayers are with Alan Gross and his entire family during this difficult time. Evelyn Gross loved her son dearly, and it’s a shame on the Castro regime that she had to spend the final years of her life pleading for his freedom.   “This is a tragic example of just how cruel and heartless the Castro regime is. No son and no mother deserve the fate that Alan Gross and his mother faced over the last five years.   “Today, we should join the Gross family in solidarity during this moment of grief. But all decent people around the world should be outraged by the continued imprisonment of Alan Gross. We should work for his immediate unconditional release and  ensure that this already tragic story can at least end with Alan Gross’ freedom and reunification with his surviving family.” 
Rubio Discusses Captured Benghazi Attack Suspect, ISIL Advances In Iraq: http://1.usa.gov/1yiNFYN  RUBIO ON BENGHAZI SUSPECT: “I think that the reason why we want to apprehend terrorists and take him to a facility like Guantanamo is because you want to be able to access actual intelligence. … You want to get information about who else is out there in the battlefield, what else are they planning, where are they located, the sorts of things you’re able to get through an extended period of interrogation, which you won’t get once they read their Miranda rights and are assigned a lawyer.”   RUBIO ON ISIL ADVANCES IN IRAQ: “This ISIL group is an extremely dangerous group. They have now established, or are on the verge of establishing, a safe haven in both areas that encompass both Syria and Iraq. And I think what we need to do is we should target – in any way possible, through the air and any other means available to us – the supply routes that are allowing them to carry out this advance.”  
Here is an excerpt from Sen. Sessions' comments at today's Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety hearing:  “The President on November 14, 2012 said, ‘The temperature around the globe is increasing faster than was predicted, even ten years ago.’ Then on May 29, 2013 [President Obama] said, ‘We also know that the climate is warming faster than anybody anticipated five or ten years ago.’  So, I would ask each of our former [EPA] Administrators if any of you agree that is an accurate statement [from President Obama] on climate. So if you do, raise your hand. Thank you. The record will reflect no one raised their hands.”
Honored to meet with South Carolinian Retired Marine Cpl. Kyle Carpenter, who will receive the Medal of Honor tomorrow.
Proud to discuss my SKILLS Act, an important part of my Opportunity Agenda, as part of efforts to help working American families today with Senator Thune, Deb Fischer, United States Senator Mike Lee & Senator Mitch McConnell.
The Charleston 9 will always be in our hearts, and we honor their memory today.
Great to sit down with my friend Larry Kudlow this afternoon. #thoughtleadership
Congratulations to PA's winners of the Jefferson Awards for Public Service! These highly prestigious national awards honor local volunteers for community & public service. Thank you & well done!
Looking forward to joining the Washington Post's Chris Cillizza at 9:05a CT to discuss "Health Beyond Health Care." Watch LIVE by clicking on the link below.  #healthhubs
