IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out Vanderbilt University News article, “Alexander’s visit highlights efforts to confront Ebola” on Sen. Alexander’s roundtable yesterday with health experts from Vanderbilt and the State of Tennessee to discuss the need for an urgent response to the Ebola outbreak. Alexander lauded VUMC and Tennessee health experts for their preparedness and efforts to combat Ebola and other potential threats.   “I believe that we should treat the Ebola epidemic as seriously as we treat ISIS,” Alexander said. “And I’m not given to overstatement.”  Read more here: http://news.vanderbilt.edu/2014/09/alexander-visit-highlights-efforts-to-confront-ebola/ 
“I hope the president will nominate an attorney general this time who will faithfully apply the laws Congress has passed and not seek to impose policies the president wishes Congress had passed. The role of the top law enforcement officer in the country is to enforce the law—not to advance the president’s agenda.” – Sen. Lamar Alexander on resignation of Eric Holder, who is announcing today he will resign as soon as his successor is confirmed.  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=fb049949-d35f-423c-807c-6b7f7dc62f07
In Hudson celebrating the grand opening of the Homeland Heroes Foundation's new Veterans Donation Center!  Our military men and women – who have sacrificed so much to defend our freedom and keep us safe – will now have a “store” where they can pick up items they need, such as clothing, furniture, and appliances, free of charge.
NA
NA
NA
The U.S. Forest Service recently proposed red tape that requires reporters to obtain permits to shoot photos or videos, even on an iPhone, in federally designated wilderness areas. If reporters don’t get the permit, they have to pay a fine. This rule makes it clear that the Forest Service believes wilderness is government land – not public land. Please let the Forest Service know what you think about this proposal by commenting here before November 3rd: http://1.usa.gov/1tYjzIK
Boosting economic pressure on Russian banks would put an effective and immediate squeeze on Russia’s economy. Together, the United States and the European Union must act decisively to demonstrate that Putin’s aggression in Ukraine is unacceptable. 
NA
For two long years, Boise Pastor Saeed Abedini has been unjustly imprisoned by the Iranian government and persecuted for spreading his Christian Faith. Saeed has been held in difficult conditions, far from home, leaving his wife, Nagmeh, without a husband and their two young children without a father.  I ask all of you to join me today in again calling for Saeed’s immediate release and safe return home. #ItsTime #SaveSaeed  To watch my full remarks, click here: http://goo.gl/WmeF8l  Hit “like” and “share” if you agree. 
Cornyn statement on Attorney General Eric Holder:   “Unfortunately the American people, myself included, lost confidence in the Attorney General’s ability to lead a long time ago because of his continued willingness to put politics before the law.  “The nation deserves an Attorney General whose loyalty to the justice system will trump loyalty to a political party, and I hope the President will nominate someone who will uphold the basic standards of honesty, transparency, and accountability that have been so glaringly absent in this Justice Department.”
#TBT: Wrapped up 21+ hours on the Senate floor one year ago today. A small excerpt from that speech that’s just as true now as it was then. Let's #MakeDCListen!
It is good news that Eric Holder has announced his resignation. Sadly, he has proven to be the most partisan attorney general in our history, repeatedly defying and refusing to enforce the law.  It did not have to be this way, but Holder’s leadership has grievously undermined the Department of Justice’s long bipartisan tradition of independence and fidelity to law.   Holder had an opportunity to fairly investigate the IRS’s illegal targeting of citizen groups; rather than do so, he entrusted the investigation to a major Democratic donor, and brazenly refused to appoint a special prosecutor.  For two years now, the Department has obstructed justice and impeded any fair investigation of the IRS’s abuse of power; in response to Holder’s partisan dereliction of duty, I publicly called for his impeachment.   To this day, no one has been yet held accountable for the IRS scandal, and it is incumbent upon the next Attorney General to uphold the law without regard to partisan ideology.   To ensure that justice is served and that the Attorney General is not simply replaced with another extreme partisan who will likewise disregard the law, the Senate should wait until the new Congress is sworn in before confirming the next Attorney General.  Allowing Democratic senators, many of whom will likely have just been defeated at the polls, to confirm Holder’s successor would be an abuse of power that should not be countenanced.
Two years is two years too long. #ItsTime to #SaveSaeed: http://saeedvigil.com
Today Attorney General Eric Holder announced that he would resign in the coming months. I’ve always expressed my concerns with Eric Holder being the attorney general. I did not support his confirmation in 2009 and have repeatedly called on him to resign due to his willingness to obstruct everyone, even Congress, when questioned about controversial decisions he has made. The Department of Justice is supposed to be the chief law enforcement entity of government, not a shield from transparency and accountability. Hopefully Eric Holder leaving his post will lead the way for needed changes at the department that will help restore America’s faith in the notion that no one is above the law, even those in government.
Moose on the loose! This morning just down the street from my Cheyenne office a moose was seen wandering outside the Supreme Court building. He must have wanted to protest and appeal yesterday’s wolf protection decision. Unfortunately, the moose has the wrong venue. The state owns all the wildlife, but has just had wolf population control taken away by a Washington D.C. District Court Judge. Thanks to my staff for sharing this story.
There is no cabinet official more consequential to #Arizona than the U.S. attorney general. The president's new nominee can expect a thorough vetting when he comes before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
President Obama must be wary of the Iranians.    In a recent interview, Iranian President Rouhani suggested cooperation on multiple fronts with the United States is possible only after a deal is made on the Iranian nuclear program.  Let’s be clear -- a bad deal with the Iranians on their nuclear program would be the biggest mistake of Obama’s presidency.    A bad deal would overshadow any cooperation Iran could provide in Syria and Iraq.  I fear the Obama Administration wants a deal with Iran too badly and we end up with another North Korea in the making. 
IowaSt wins match 3/2 ovr UNI
4th set UNI ovr IowaSt 25/16
I will be at prof Oakland 's classes tomorrow 930 1100 and 215  come and ask Qs U set agenda  it's education college
3rd set UNI ovr IowaSt 25/19
2nd set IowaSt ovr UNI 28/26
First set IowaSt ovr UNI 25/21
Happy to be among so many small business owners and entrepreneurs at today’s Las Vegas Asian Chamber meeting. You are the backbone of our economy.
“Western North Dakota’s growth has brought tremendous benefits and tremendous needs for infrastructure, including at our airports. Dickinson Airport continues to serve more and more travelers each year. This growth requires not only improvements to existing infrastructure, but new developments as well. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I will continue working to ensure we have the federal support we need to construct a new runway and terminal for this growing airport and the community it serves."
Today, I joined Glenn Beck to discuss the one year anniversary of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty. Click the link below to listen.  https://soundcloud.com/inhofepressoffice/inhofe-joins-glenn-beck-on-one-year-anniversary-of-unatt 
Today marks one year since the Obama Administration made the United States a signatory nation to the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty, a treaty that is still subject to and will never garner the necessary 60 votes for ratification. The Senate has clearly rejected the treaty which would undermine American’s best interests, and it is time the president rescinds the United States as a signatory nation. Please take a moment to read more here: http://townhall.com/columnists/jamesinhofe/2014/09/24/anniversary-of-sec-kerry-signing-un-arms-trade-treaty-n1885060/page/full
What did Senator Johnson think of President Obama’s UN speech? Watch this clip from The Wall Street Journal's WSJ Live to find out. 
Calling all #veterans seeking jobs — come meet with over 100 of Chicagoland's largest employers at my Veterans Job and Resource Fair in Palatine on October 7th.  RSVP or learn more: http://bit.ly/veteransjobfair
I am grateful for the service of Lt. Carl Buckendahl.  He gave his life defending our freedom on Feb.12, 1944 in a battle at the Saar.  He received a Purple Heart, a Bronze Star, and a Silver Star. I would like to thank his daughter for submitting his picture to my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.
Very impressed by Amazon.com's efforts to recruit veterans of our armed forces during my visit to their massive Fulfillment Center in Phoenix today - learn more about their military vet recruiting: 
This afternoon, I traveled to Wichita and visited ADR, Inc., a media production and printing firm. With an aviation centered but diversifying client base, it was exciting to see how over the course of more than 30 years years ADR employees have embraced new technologies—including digital media and e-learning—to meet evolving customer needs. Its 37 employees work on 600-800 jobs per day and 150 print jobs are shipped daily.  Thanks to Founders/Owners Jim and Grace Rishel and CEO Patrick Tuttle (pictured with me here) for leading the tour. For the last three years, Patrick has served with distinction as chairman of the Wichita Aero Club. He works tirelessly to further the club’s mission of promoting interest in aviation combined with providing a forum that focuses on industry issues and achievements.
As a part of my Kansas Listening Tour, I stopped in Barton County today at the new downtown theater Golden Belt Cinema 6. It was great to see nearly 50 local residents, as well as some folks from Hutchinson and Hoisington. Our conversation was largely focused on the dysfunction of the United States Senate. Other topics included representing rural America in the nation's capital and immigration reform. Thanks to Chad Somers for letting us gather at his theater and to Jan Peters and the Great Bend Chamber of Commerce and Economic Development team for promoting and hosting the meeting.
It was great to be back at Hays High School this morning to visit with students enrolled in Current Issues and American Government Classes. I appreciated the questions from students on a variety of topics including differences between the House and Senate, what committees I serve on, the federal government's role in education and  how our Administration is handling ISIS. Thanks to Principal Marty Straub for the invitation to speak to these bright students.
Big quake in Alaska a few minutes ago, even for us! I hope everyone’s okay! This is a great reminder of the need to go over your earthquake safety plan with your family and employees.  http://alaskaquakealliance.org/
Today the President blocked off over 300,000 square miles of the Pacific Ocean from any commercial activity - whether fishing or resource development.  I'm deeply concerned by this unilateral move, and believe more than ever Congress must act on my bill requiring Congressional input and consultation with coastal states.
To everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah: Shana Tovah! I wish you all a happy and healthy new year.
Sad but true commentary on the Middle East: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/09/the-barbarians-within-our-gates-111116.html?hp=r4#.VCNt3LK9KSM
ICYMI: Rubio: Addressing The Disastrous Consequences Of China’s One-Child Policy: http://bit.ly/1wMppMT  ...  "The Girls Count Act I’ve introduced would help address this problem. It would direct current U.S. foreign assistance to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries by working to establish birth registries in their countries.  "A nationally recognized proof of birth system is critical to establishing key documentation for a child, which ultimately ensures that child can go on to fully participate and contribute to society. The Girls Count Act will help pave the way for millions – especially young girls and women who have been disproportionately affected – to benefit from new opportunities previously denied to them."  ...  
Did you know that approximately half of U.S. peanuts are grown within a 100-mile radius of Dothan, Alabama?  Dothan Area Chamber of Commerce, City of Dothan Government
I enjoyed meeting with Chamber Tuscaloosa this morning. It was great to see so many friends and neighbors from my hometown!
http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2014/09/25/u-s-immigrant-population-hits-record-high-one-in-six-adults-is-foreign-born/
We're holding a dozen information sessions starting next week!  More info: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/us-senator-tim-scott-host-twelve-service-academy-informational-sessions-throughout
Proud to support the Debbie Smith Act to help victims of sexual assault.   Read more: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-welcomes-passage-legislation-help-sexual-assault-victims
More than $1.95 million in new funding is coming to the City of Tupelo for tornado damage debris removal. This important funding represents another big step forward in our effort to restore and rebuild the city.
