Happy Thanksgiving! Today we count our blessings and give thanks for our faith, family, and friends -- and our great nation and those who defend us!
While many of us will spend this Thanksgiving with our family and friends, I would like to take a moment to recognize our servicemen and women who are separated from their loved ones in order to protect our nation. As you and your family reflect on what you are thankful for this year, please join me in honoring our men and women in uniform, and their families, for all they do for us.
Today, I urge you and your family to take time to reflect on all the things we as a nation have to be grateful for. Let us give thanks for those brave individuals who have come before us and sacrificed their lives for our freedoms and our security. Let us keep the men and women in uniform who are currently serving our nation and their families in our thoughts and prayers, and remember the debt of gratitude we owe them when they return home.  Please keep in mind our fellow Americans who are struggling to provide for their families in this economy. For all that we have to be thankful for, let us express it through doing what we can to help our neighbors. Each year, volunteers assist the homeless and others in need and they spread a message of hope through their good work.  For all of that, I want to give thanks to God our Creator and wish you and yours a safe and happy Thanksgiving.
We have much to be grateful for as a nation. Wishing you and yours a happy Thanksgiving!
Marsha and I wish you and your family a very happy Thanksgiving. We are thankful to be surrounded by our kids and grandkids today. A special thank you to all of our troops and military families whose sacrifices allow us all to enjoy the freedoms we cherish. May we count our blessings not just on Thanksgiving, but each and every day.
Happy Thanksgiving! My thoughts are with Pastor Saeed Abedini and Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl today and we continue to pray for their safe return.
"Mike Michaud and his brothers and sisters are in my thoughts and prayers at this difficult time as they grieve the loss of their beloved mother."
Austin's finest at work blocking downtown streets for the Turkey Trot.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours
Today, we celebrate the blessings of a people dedicated to liberty.
 
 Our forefathers fled religious prosecution to pursue the freedom of conscience in the New World, a bedrock principle we must continue to protect.
 
 As the pilgrims in their November 1620 Mayflower Compact, their very first governing framework, wrote: “[We] solemnly and mutually, in the Presence of God and one another, covenant and combine ourselves together into a civil Body Politick, for our better Ordering and Preservation.”
 
 A year later they thanked God for his providence, their first harvest, and a new land of opportunity. It was the nation’s very first Thanksgiving.
 
 Despite the many trials they faced, they expressed gratitude for the opportunity to live freely.
 
 President Calvin Coolidge reminded us nearly a century ago: “We have been a most favored people. We ought to be a most generous people. We have been a most blessed people. We ought to be a most thankful people.”
 
 And, we are.
 
 This Thanksgiving, Heidi and I wish you and your family the very best, and may God continue to bless the Great State of Texas and the United States of America.
There is much to be thankful for this year. In Nebraska, we are fortunate to live “the Good Life” that is made possible by hardworking Nebraskans who get up early to work farms and ranches, man the factories, run our businesses, teach our children, and make a difference in our communities. Bruce and I wish everyone a safe, happy, and blessed Thanksgiving!
As we celebrate this Thanksgiving holiday, it’s important for us all to reflect on our many blessings.  Family and friends immediately come to mind.  But there are many Americans who won’t be able to celebrate this holiday season at their home.  Some are serving our nation overseas, thousands of miles away.  And in their world, the creature comforts you and I take for granted, things like running water and electricity, are considered luxuries.   As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I’ve had the great honor of meeting many of these American soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines.  Together, they make up the greatest fighting force in the history of the world.    I have been fortunate to witness first-hand, the remarkable work they have done and continue to do in some of the most challenging of circumstances.   Whether in the cities of Iraq or the many remote, isolated villages of Afghanistan, I have seen the oppressive conditions under which our bravest Americans are forced to operate.    Yet our soldiers continue to persevere and carry on, driven by a desire and commitment to keep our enemies at bay.  For these Americans, their service to protecting our nation is more than a job.  It is a calling.      They maintain an unwavering focus and determination not to surrender an inch to the enemy.  And time and time again they show a willingness to reenlist and return to the fight.    I continue to be amazed by their teamwork and compassion – not only towards each other – but also towards the least fortunate among them.    Whether sharing their food and water, or pooling their own money to buy a soccer ball for a child who owns next to nothing – they are living proof of the American spirit of helping others who are down and out.  Our American soldiers serve as some of the best ambassadors the United States could ever hope for.  They are tough and determined, yet equally kind and compassionate.   On this Thanksgiving, I want to express all of our appreciation for the service of our men and women in uniform and their families.  To the military spouse, who has to be both mom and dad, God Bless.  To the children of our military members, who have missed holidays and birthdays, God Bless you.  It is because of the bravery of our troops, and their willingness to endure tremendous hardships, that we are able to be at home with our families this holiday season.    To our troops and their families, we truly owe you a debt of gratitude we can never repay.
Congratulations to @PatGrassley for named to"The20 Under 40 class I 2013"  Sponsored by WaterlooCourier for leader of CedarValley
Lots to b thankful for on thanksgiving day. Just like pilgrim in 1621 for Freedom and good meal  31were at our farm table Meal by MrsG
Read EJ Dionne Jr Washington Post excellent op ed today"What gratitude requires"  It what thanksgiving is all abt  Do before this day ends
What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving Day?  "Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, GIVE THANKS in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you." I Thess 5:16-18
I hope everyone is having a safe and happy Thanksgiving!
Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving with family and friends, and thankful for the men and women of our military serving away from home.
Happy Thanksgiving!  I hope you all have an enjoyable holiday spending time with those you love and expressing gratitude for the many great blessings that we share.
Frying this year's turkey with my son Jim - Happy Thanksgiving!
Cooking the world's best ribs at our cabin in Cottonwood, Arizona.
As Kansans celebrate and give thanks today, I am especially thankful for the service and charitable organization across Kansas who support our communities and those in need. I hope Kansans consider supporting or volunteering at these organizations during the holiday season. Just a few hours of time giving back to your community can make this holiday a memorable one for those in need. I hope you and your family also enjoy time together and have a chance to reflect on all we have to be thankful for as Americans.
At sundown tonight, Jewish families in Kansas and around the world began the eight day celebration of Hanukkah. I wish my Jewish friends a very happy Hanukkah.
As night falls in Alaska, the lights of the menorah are being lit throughout our state.  I want to wish Jewish families in Alaska, and around the world celebrating the Festival of Lights a very happy and joyful Hanukkah!
Happy Thanksgiving! I hope you have the chance to spend time with your family today.
Happy Thanksgiving! With the season upon us, please pause for a moment to reflect, remember and appreciate how special our country is and how important it is that we secure its greatness for future generations of Americans.  We are blessed to live in a country where individual and religious freedoms, guaranteed through our Constitution, allow us to enjoy Thanksgiving as a celebration of our blessings.  We must also not forget those who have sacrificed to protect those freedoms, and keep our thoughts and prayers with those who are away from their families, serving our nation, over the holidays.  From my family to yours, happy Thanksgiving.
Franki and I wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving. We are thankful for those serving our nation who are away from their loved ones during the holidays. We are thankful for their sacrifice and service.
NA
Wishing everyone a blessed #Thanksgiving. What are you most grateful for?
