LIVE NOW:  The Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee (HELP), where Sen. Alexander is the senior Republican, is holding a hearing on draft legislation that Alexander said “offers the best way to help ensure that last year’s meningitis outbreak never happens again—by making clear who is responsible for overseeing our nation’s compounding pharmacies and manufacturers.” Follow this link to stream LIVE: http://www.help.senate.gov/hearings/hearing/?id=f9b68c5e-5056-a032-52b6-4e632afd726a
Sen. Alexander tells Army Corps of Engineers official, “We don't need Big Brother in Washington holding our hands while we’re fishing down in Tennessee or Kentucky or any other place. If you’re not going to pay attention to the elected representatives of the people of Tennessee and Kentucky...I’m not going to pay attention to your judgment.” WATCH HERE:
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=uZfRJH5KwNk
New Hampshire Fire Chiefs stopped by to meet with Senator Ayotte this morning.  Left-right: Hudson Fire Chief Shawn Murray, Litchfield Chief Frank Fraitzl, Wolfeboro Chief Butch Morrill, Senator Ayotte, New London Chief Jay Lyon, Goffstown Chief Richard O’Brien, State Fire Marshal Bill Degnan, and Bedford firefighter Thomas Green.
Great meeting this week with Girls Inc. New Hampshire -- our leaders of tomorrow!
NA
I spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon to discuss continued concerns and opposition to President Obama’s health care “train wreck.”
Last fall, I was one of the first to call on the Obama Administration to allow Congress to talk to people who were actually on the ground in Benghazi. Nearly eight months later, we're still uncovering the facts surrounding this terrorist attack. I appreciate the powerful testimony from Greg Hicks and other whistleblowers who testified during yesterday's House Oversight hearing.
Welcome home to the Missouri National Guard 935th Aviation Support Battalion. We owe you and your families a debt of gratitude.
Happy 100th birthday to the great city of Winston-Salem. Proud to call you my home.
I posted answers to the final round of questions at my Crowd Hall event. Thank you all for the excellent questions.
Arkansas WWII veterans visited Washington over the weekend as part of the Honor Flight. We welcomed them back at the Little Rock airport on Saturday. Show your support for these veterans by liking this picture.
NA
NA
PHOTO: Earlier today, I met LTCs William and Scott, from Idaho, and some of their fellow U.S. Army War College classmates.
Complying with Obamacare will take nearly 190 million hours per year, according to a new study.  Did you know that this annual burden to comply with the law is enough time to build Mount Rushmore more than 1,500 times over?  The economy is in a fragile state and this law will make it more difficult to do business and spur job growth.
Senator Collins attends White House meeting to address sexual assault in the military.  "Ultimately, the military's police of zero tolerance for sexual harassment and assault must become a culture of zero tolerance to prevent these crimes from happening in the first place."  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/11obb9Q
Eighth graders from South Bristol Elementary School, and their chaperones including teacher, Liz DeAngelis, visited Sen. Collins during their class trip to the nation's capital!
Introduced the Vietnam Human Rights Sanctions Act today
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn Offers Real Trigger for Border Security to Gang of 8 Bill:
Wash Times: Cornyn: White House Can Learn a Thing or Two from Texas:
Cornyn: "We don’t want some deal on the debt ceiling done behind closed doors:"
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn's Opening Statement on Immigration Reform:
Senate Judiciary Committee begins markup of Gang of 8's immigration bill
Cosponsored Sen. Lee's resolution calling on Senate to review policies leading to illegal abortion practices in #Gosnell case
Cornyn Statement Ahead of President Obama’s Texas Trip:
Cornyn: “I hope the President will come to Texas ready to take a few notes and learn from one of the most successful states in the nation."
Sen. Schumer and other members of the Judiciary Committee dismiss our very serious concerns with the border -- rejecting an amendment from Sen. John Cornyn to enhance security.  I invited them to Texas to visit with farmers and ranchers who are dealing with armed coyotes coming onto their property and to see pictures of women and children who have died in the desert trying to cross the border.
About President Obama's visit to Texas today...
Niobrara County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Thursday, May 9th. She will be at the Lusk Town Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
ICYMI: Here is more information about the bipartisan amendment I introduced with three of my colleagues to provide commonsense regulatory relief for farmers. Nebraskans know that when it comes to the agriculture industry, one size does not fit all. I’m very pleased that the Senate has unanimously adopted this measure, which will go a long way in easing unnecessary and costly regulatory burdens stemming from the EPA’s SPCC rule.   http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=b3515074-ae8e-438b-b203-98f8499dae41
ALERT! Excited to announce that this evening, the Senate adopted a bipartisan amendment I introduced with Senators Mark Pryor (D-Ark.), Mary Landrieu (D-La.), and Jim Inhofe (R-Okl.), to change unnecessary, burdensome environmental regulations that would adversely impact our farmers. The Senate’s unanimous approval of this amendment is a huge victory for farmers throughout Nebraska and across America, who are dealing with onerous new regulations for their on-farm fuel tanks.
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said Thursday that former secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton should return to Capitol Hill -- under subpoena if necessary -- to answer new questions about the attacks on a U.S. consulate in Libya that left four Americans dead.  Graham said the account of the Benghazi assaults last Sept. 11 offered by Clinton and other Obama administration officials had been undercut in congressional testimony Wednesday by three State Department officials, including Gregory Hicks, the No. 2 U.S. official in Libya at the time.
Grassley talks with Greater Des Moines delegation in Washington, D.C.
Great deal of pride&strong tradition Leadership shown- lg. delegation to DC with Greater Des Moines Partnership #DMDC2013
Mr.Hicks gave powerful testimony 4 answers&accountability w/ Benghazi & Re. spin fr WhiteHouse, Susan Rice& Secy. Clinton.
Congrats Brigadier General! http://bit.ly/147fK4U
 Photo via Roll Call.
“This new facility would provide farmers throughout the region with supplies of nitrogen fertilizer, and at the same time, help to reduce flaring and increase recovery of natural gas. This is the kind of synergy we worked to develop through our comprehensive plans for economic development and energy. This is a great concept that brings together energy and value-added agriculture, building on North Dakota’s leadership role in both industries.”
Two years have passed, more than 70,000 have died, and the horrific violence in Syria shows no signs of abating. Bashar al-Assad's use of chemical weapons against his fellow Syrians has clearly crossed President Obama's self-imposed "red line."  Any course of action by the United States in response has risk, but so does inaction.   It's more important now than ever that President Obama step up and exhibit the leadership required of the commander in chief. Leading from behind is not a formula for success; it leaves a vacuum that lets Russia and Iran shape the future of the region. I hope you will take a moment to read my op-ed today in USA Today on what needs to be next in Syria: http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2013/05/09/syria-chemical-weapons-obama-inhofe-column/2144159/
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Honored to receive the Illinois Fire Chief's Award of Appreciation at the Illinois Constituent Coffee this morning
My monthly tele-townhall meeting will be starting shortly.  You can participate on Facebook by clicking the following link:
Glad to join Prince Harry for tour of the HALO Trust exhibit at the U.S. Capitol - they do remarkable work clearing landmines all over the world. Learn more at www.halotrust.org
U.S. Senate passes Senator McConnell-sponsored resolution recognizing Charter Schools Week.
McConnell representative presents tribute from Sen. McConnell at the Chrysalis House 2nd Annual Mother's Day Luncheon in Lexington, Kentucky
Sen. McConnell meets with the senior class of Lee County High School. Welcome to DC!
Sens. Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul, KY Ag Commissioner James Comer and State Senator Paul Hornback discuss #hemp.
NA
Like many Alaskans, I have been watching the inconsistencies flow out of the administration for months regarding the cold, calculated terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya on the anniversary of September 11th.   Finally, we are hearing from the men and women who were on the ground and their shock and embarrassment at how the administration minimized and mischaracterized the threat to American lives.  This was not a spontaneous event, this was an orchestrated attack that took the lives of Americans trying only to build bridges in a fragile part of the world. We are also hearing that there was a missed window of opportunity that could have allowed the military to respond before the second deadly attack that killed two former Navy SEALs at the nearby CIA Annex.  The American people deserve to know the truth of what happened – good, bad, or ugly – and determine whether and why this inaction cost American lives.
Today is Daniel Heckman’s last day in my DC office.  Daniel is from Fairbanks and he is graduating from Gonzaga Law School this week.  I know this super-smart guy is going places, and I am honored that he spent his final semester of school lending an invaluable hand to me in Washington.  Thank you, Daniel!
Congrats to the city of Akron & Goodyear on the grand opening of their new global HQ. Ohio is proud to have them here.
House and Senate Lawmakers Introduce Legislation to Help Students Choose Between Colleges: http://1.usa.gov/13kuQW0
Strengthening Immigration Reform: Three Amendments Increasing Congressional Oversight Of DHS & Border Security Pass: http://1.usa.gov/18wybnc
Strengthening Immigration Reform: Grassley Amendment to Secure Entire U.S.-Mexico Border Passes: http://1.usa.gov/13kiNIf
ICYMI: This Morning, Senator Rubio Discussed the Benghazi Hearing On FOX & Friends: http://1.usa.gov/174Q1P6
ICYMI: Group of Conservatives Backs Action on Immigration  Top Conservatives: “Simply opposing immigration reform should not be the conservative response to this problem. We believe conservatives should be leading the way on this issue by supporting legislation that upholds conservative principles.”
Here is a link to a letter from law enforcement officers nationwide to Congress raising public safety concerns over the Gang of Eight's proposal. Encourage folks to read:
NA
NA
Sessions: “The Gang of Eight plan fails to live up to every major promise of its sponsors. There’s no border fence. There is no practical back taxes requirement. And illegal aliens will become eligible for every federal benefit, costing taxpayers trillions… It undermines enforcement and weakens our lawful immigration system.”
NA
NA
NA
Amazing event today at the World War II Memorial with our Alabama heroes.
Enjoyed having WYFF (Greenville) join me for a day! Watch what happened here - http://youtu.be/IRJHMOts6mg
In case you missed it - my questioning of the President's nominee for Secretary of Labor, Thomas Perez. I have strong concerns about Mr. Perez’s leadership and management styles.  http://youtu.be/CF8QOETH0hY
Kris and I are saddened to learn of the passing of the aptly named George Leader. A World War II veteran, he never stopped serving his country and Pennsylvania. Our prayers go out to his family.
The House has passed its version of my Full Faith And Credit Act. I urge the Senate to do the same. It is time to end government by crisis.
NA
Great news from The Daily American in Somerset County:
The USS Somerset will be commissioned in Philadelphia. This ship honors the heroes of Flight 93, which crashed in Somerset County on 9/11, and includes metal from the wreckage of Flight 93 as well as Pennsylvania-grown lumber. I asked Navy Secretary Ray Mabus to commission her in the city of Brotherly Love, and I'm pleased to report he's answered my request:
 
 "Somerset is an important ship for the Navy and our nation and commissioning her in the Port of Philadelphia will make the event even more meaningful. Once I learned it was possible to commission Somerset in Philadelphia it was the obvious choice for me to make." - Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy
 
 Pennsylvanians will be honored to have the ship begin her service to the country in the Port of Philadelphia.
Read my op-ed regarding the sequester's defense cuts in today's Real Clear Defense:   "The American people are justifiably proud of the courage and excellence displayed by our men and women in uniform. They have helped pave the way for a more secure, stable, and peaceful world for our children. We should honor their sacrifices by not squandering the progress we have made and not turning a blind eye to the challenges that remain."
