In the latest “Debate Club” feature on US News & World Report online, Sen. Alexander—among others—weighed in on the question: “Should student loan rates be allowed to double at the end of the month?” Follow this link to VOTE for Sen. Alexander’s response and “SHARE” or “LIKE” if you agree with his answer: “No: Congress must find a long-term solution, not a short-term fix” http://bit.ly/12SudER
NA
NA
"This amendment addresses the concerns that have been raised about the immigration reform bill's border security provisions," said Senator Ayotte. "These tough requirements will double the number of border security agents at the southern border, increase the amount of border fencing, and ensure the best border surveillance and security technology is in place - preventing another wave of illegal immigrants."
Visiting Mercy Research & Development to discuss their groundbreaking research project that will help protect & repair wounded warriors’ sight.
The immigration debate continues, legislation to repeal the death tax is introduced and more in this edition of the “Week in Review”
I joined Mike Enzi and Cynthia Lummis this week to congratulate these outstanding young people from Wyoming on their commitments to their communities and to themselves.
Owyhee County Treasurer and former Owyhee Initiative Board Member Brenda Richards speak during the McClure Center on Public Policy Symposium regarding the effect on local governments from federal budget cuts. Staff attended this event in Boise. #idpol #uidaho #budget
Estate taxes have placed an unfair burden on American families, especially our nation’s farmers and small business owners.  It is a tragedy that some of Idaho’s families are forced to sell their farms or small businesses simply to pay federal estate or “death” taxes. I have long been a supporter of eliminating the estate tax, which is why I am co-sponsoring my colleague Senator John Thune’s (R-South Dakota) legislation to repeal the tax.
The University of Idaho McClure Center Symposium on Fiscal issues is starting. You can watch the program here.
News Release: The Idaho Delegation is following the recent developments surrounding Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl of Hailey, Idaho,  very closely.  We continue to keep Bowe and his family in our thoughts and prayers.
Early reports are "border security" amendment now a complete substitute for base bill, touching all aspects of immigration debate, and 1000+ pages long.  Harry Reid schedules 5:30 pm vote Monday.  Let the reading begin.
York: Immigration Reformers Embrace Once-Unthinkable Expansion of Border Personnel:
Politico: "The answer to their problem turned out to be simple: throw money at it."
"The Cornyn amendment [was] the leading choice of conservatives demanding tighter enforcement measures."
"Obama told Schumer that [Cornyn's] 90 percent trigger was unacceptable:"
Rio Grande Guardian: TBC Saddened to See Cornyn's Border Security Amendment Die:
In Case You Missed It: “Boosters of the Senate’s immigration reform bill secured a key endorsement Thursday evening: Fox News host Bill O’Reilly. Just hours after Republican Sens. John Hoeven (R-N.D.) and Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) unveiled a sweeping border security amendment, O’Reilly said, ‘It is time for the U.S.A. to pass immigration reform’ and that he hopes ‘this bill does become law.’” Read more via Politico: http://politi.co/11QO2Hu.
In remarks on the Senate floor today, Senator Corker commented on the amendment he co-authored with Senator John Hoeven to bolster security on the nation’s southern border as part of the immigration bill now being considered by the Senate. Watch the video here: http://bit.ly/17qDerC. Read more about the amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/11QDsQB.
Senator Corker has co-authored an amendment with Senator John Hoeven to bolster security on the nation’s southern border as part of the immigration bill now being considered by the Senate. The Hoeven-Corker Southern Border Security Amendment would double the number of agents on the Mexican border and require implementation of a tough new border security plan before unlawful immigrants already in the country could be eligible for Lawful Permanent Residence (LPR) or Green Card status 10 years after enactment. The border security plan is based on the U.S. Border Patrol’s assessment of what the agency would need to maximally secure the nation’s southern border. The amendment also strengthens interior enforcement by requiring that officials enforce current immigration law and deter overstays by initiating removal proceedings for at least 90 percent of visa overstays. Ten years after enactment, the senators’ measure requires all five of the following conditions to be met before LPR, or a Green Card status, could be granted:
 
 - The Department of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General of the Department, and the Comptroller General of the United States (GAO), has submitted a Comprehensive Southern Border Security Strategy to Congress that includes minimum requirements for each sector along the border as identified by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol and the plan has been deployed and is operational.  
 - The Border Patrol has deployed, maintained, and stationed 20,000 border patrol agents on the southern border in addition to the 18,500 agents already stationed there. This means an agent every 1,000 feet along the southern border.
 - An additional 350 miles of fencing has been completed (in addition to the 350 miles of fencing already on the ground).
 - The mandatory employment verification system has been fully implemented for all employers.
 - The mandated electronic entry/exit system has been fully implemented at all international air and sea ports of entry within the United States where U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers are currently deployed.
 
 To read more, click here: http://1.usa.gov/11QDsQB.
The Gang of Eight bill is a mess. It is repeating the same failed pattern of the 1986 amnesty.  Watch and SHARE why it must be stopped.
By requiring the blending of biofuels into the nations gasoline supply Congress is raising food and livestock feed prices along with contributing to higher transportation and fuel prices for Americans. I am pleased to co-sponsor Senators Barrasso, Pryor, and Toomey’s Renewable Fuel Standard Repeal Act, which would abolish these flawed standards. Congress should be making it easier, not harder, for Americans to afford food and fuel.
I have introduced a bill that would allow the National Park Service, at no additional cost to taxpayers, to raise private funds by selling a five dollar gold coin, a silver dollar, and a multi-layered half dollar, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the park service. The proceeds would go to park preservation and to provide programs and services to visitors. These coins will forever remind those who visit the parks that they helped preserve an integral part of this great country.
The Senate was designed so that each senator could represent the views of their constituents.  The Senate’s procedures prevent majorities from shutting out minorities. The filibuster is one of these procedures, an essential tool to ensure these checks and balances, but some in the majority want to dramatically change the rule. They want to essentially take away the Senate minority’s advice and consent role in the president’s ability to make powerful federal appointments. The majority leader has threatened to change the rules through the “nuclear” option, using procedural tactics so he only needs the approval of his own party. He’s making these threats after giving his word on the Senate floor that this is something he would not do. If the majority restricts the right of senators to filibuster, they will be silencing the voices of millions of Americans now and in the future. This majority won’t be the majority forever and that’s something to take into account.
On Tuesday, June 18th, I was honored to speak at the U.S. State Department in celebration of the 10th anniversary of the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief. I was joined by Secretary of State John Kerry, Ambassador Eric Goosby, U.S. Global Aids Coordinator, Senator Ben Cardin, D-Md., Dr. Richard Nehabi Kamwi, Namibian Minister of Health and Social Services, and Tatu Msangi, Nursing Officer in Charge at the Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Center. The U.S. continues to be leader in the global fight against HIV/AIDS and should remain committed to an AIDS-free generation.
It is disturbing - and indeed ironic - that after the EPA’s comedy of errors in releasing citizens’ private information to activist environmental groups, EPA employees would participate in a panel designed to educate activist groups on how to properly obtain information held by the government. Read the letter I sent today with my colleagues on this matter.
Learn about my efforts to address sexual assault in the military in my column this week. I remain committed to ensuring our men and women are the best-equipped, best-trained fighting force in the world. This includes protecting our service members – men and women – from sexual predators.
Senator Johanns and I have written a letter with 22 of our colleagues to Secretary of State John Kerry regarding the Administration’s plans to further reduce the U.S. nuclear arsenal by one third. I continue to have great concerns about the impact such a drastic reduction could have on our national security.
When people in South Carolina say ‘Secure the Border,' I get it.   The Border Surge amendment introduced by Senators Corker and Hoeven is designed to help us regain over sovereignty. It is a robust border security measure which calls for the hiring, training and deployment of an additional 20,000 Border Patrol agents on our southern border.  There are 5 major provisions of the Corker-Hoeven Amendment and they must ALL BE MET before illegal immigrants can gain lawful permanent residents status in the United States.   The provisions include:  *** Hiring, training, and deployment of an additional 20,000 Border Patrol agents on the Southern border. By comparison, in Fiscal Year 2012 we had 18,500 agents patrolling the Southern border.  *** Build an additional 350 miles of actual fencing, not vehicle barriers.  *** Implementation of mandatory E-Verify to check the legal status of new hires.  *** Deployment and implementation of an electronic Entry-Exit system at all international air and sea ports of entry within the United States.  *** The Department of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General of the Department, and the Comptroller General of the United States (GAO), has submitted a Comprehensive Southern Border Security Strategy to Congress that includes minimum requirements for each sector along the border as identified by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol and the plan has been deployed and is operational.  Please share with your friends if you believe, like I do, the Senate should pass the Border Surge amendment sponsored by Senators Corker and Hoeven.
Boosters of the Senate’s immigration reform bill secured a key endorsement Thursday evening: Fox News host Bill O’Reilly.  “It’s not perfect, but it’s the right thing to do,” O’Reilly said.
CBO says immigration bill will reduce illegals entering U.S. by only 25%. See p. 23 of cost estimate  Shows need to secure border 1st.
Don’t be sucked into believing corker/hoeven secures border. As explained, it’s still legalization b4 border security
“Canada is one of the United States greatest friends and allies. We need to secure a long-term energy relationship with our northern neighbors and approve the Keystone XL pipeline. After reviewing this project for close to five years, it’s past time for the Administration to approve it. The Keystone XL pipeline project will not only create good jobs, help our nation become more energy secure and provide us with much needed energy infrastructure. We need the jobs. We need the energy. We need the Keystone XL pipeline.”
Today marks four years since Neda's murder. We must keep standing against human rights abuses in Iran.
Share this if you think Senator Reid runs the Senate more like a banana republic as opposed to running it like the constitutional republic envisioned by our founders.  "I find it repugnant to the system of government under which we are supposed to be operating. I find it even repugnant to Article 6 of the Constitution, which makes it clear that there's one kind of constitutional amendment that is never appropriate. You can't amend the Constitution to deny any state its equal representation in the Senate. And if at any moment we end up with a situation in which we have second-class senators, senators that may commit and propose for debate and discussion and a vote, an amendment, and if we have to go to the majority leader and say 'mother, may I,' then perhaps we have lost something. Perhaps we have lost the environment in which each of the states were supposed to receive equal representation."
Sen. McConnell's speech at AEI on Washington's Ongoing Assault on Free Speech will air live on C-SPAN at 10 am EST. Click below to watch online: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN/ …
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell warns of attacks on free speech shar.es/xdLP4
I am so glad those who fought and died on Attu are being honored on this 70th anniversary of the Battle of Attu. When I visited the site last year, it was as if you could hear their voices on the wind. I hope you will join me in watching this USFWS video commemorating Attu, and take a moment to remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us during WWII. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Tt2wTKdJW4&feature=c4-overview&list=UUMqPAPfBGsDMs2UiD-5Tbbg
A perfect night last night for the Alaska Botanical Garden Midsummer Gala.  I hear they raised some good money to revitalize the Garden, and the mosquitoes weren't even too bad!
I will be in Louisville today at the Plymouth Community Renewal Center (1626 W Chestnut Street) to tour the facility and its food bank, as well as meet with community leaders and constituents. My staff will also be on hand from Noon—2:00 p.m. ET to assist anyone who may need help with issues related to federal agencies.
Before any immigration reform takes place, we must first secure our borders. You can’t keep refilling a tire that has a hole in it. Read, like, and share if you agree! http://bit.ly/12fuMlK
FOX News’ Bill O'Reilly Endorses Senate Immigration Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1aycSTj  O’Reilly: "I hope this bill does become law."
Sessions is NOW speaking on the Senate floor to address the New York Times article detailing the Administration’s stealth role in writing the bill as well as the motivations of the key special interests involved. You can watch LIVE here:
Sessions will be speaking MOMENTARILY on the Senate floor regarding the current state of play with the Senate's amnesty-first immigration bill. You can watch LIVE here:
Sessions is continuing his remarks on the Senate floor. You can watch LIVE here:
Sens. Sessions and Lee are continuing their colloquy on the Senate floor. You can watch LIVE here:
I just posted on our blog about immigration reform. Border security must come FIRST.  More - http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/breaking-down-immigration-debate
Talked with a great group of students at #Furman University's Bridges to a Brighter Future program this afternoon. Look forward to seeing them succeed in the future! #southcarolina #Upstate
Enjoyed visiting with the folks at Fluor in Greenville today. Great day in the Upstate! #southcarolina #greenville #Upstate
Terrific news on Delaware River Deepening Project. The project is 60 percent complete and will be finished in 2017.  This project will create thousands of jobs in Southeastern Pennsylvania and will enhance the region's competitiveness for years to come.
June 22, 1863: the Second Corps of the Army of Northern Virginia, under the command of Lieutenant General Richard Ewell, would cross the Mason-Dixon Line into Pennsylvania. Over the course of the next week, approximately 75,000 Confederates would pour into the Keystone State.
