Yesterday, the Supreme Court ruled that the federal government cannot compel employers to provide coverage for abortifacent drugs that violate their religious beliefs. Alexander has spoken out against this Obamacare regulatory requirement stating, “Obamacare is a thumb in the eye to our Constitution’s protections of religious freedom.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b65765d7-ebca-4b86-ae04-4458d6315c9a
Let's go USA!!!! #USAvsBEL #USMNT #IBelieveThatWeWillWin
Joined NH citizens last weekend in Concord for special ceremony to thank our Korean War veterans for their brave service to our country.  Read more here: http://www.nashuatelegraph.com/news/1040626-469/nh-officials-korean-americans-thank-u.s.-military.html
Good luck to Team USA today! #USMNT #WorldCup2014
Caught up with Mark Reardon live in-studio at NewsRadio 1120 KMOX and discussed the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby ruling, President Obama’s continued overreach, and several other important issues. Listen here: http://youtu.be/ulpnnwKtFS4 #HobbyLobby #SCOTUS
RELEASE: I joined fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch and a bipartisan coalition of senators in calling on the Administration to take immediate action to stem the flow of thousands of unaccompanied children attempting to cross the southern border into the U.S. illegally.  The President must send a clear signal to those seeking to enter the country illegally that the U.S. will uphold our immigration laws to the fullest extent.  Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1iSbYbK
"If gun control bore any relation to homicide rates,  Washington, DC would be the safest place in the country." -- Mark Steyn (1959-)
Troubling new report: HHS unable to verify citizenship of nearly 1.3M Obamacare enrollees. #FullRepeal
When President Obama’s own Supreme Court nominees join their colleagues in unanimously rejecting his Administration’s call for broader federal power twenty times since Obama took office, the inescapable conclusion is that the Obama Administration’s view of federal power knows virtually no bounds.
Freedom Waffles for lunch anyone? #USA #1N1T #IBelieve
The #HobbyLobby victory is great news, but Obamacare's assault on religious liberty continues. Need #FullRepeal now!
There’s more evidence this week that we need to replace Obamacare with a manageable and market-based health care system. The health department’s own inspector general issued a report that says Obamacare exchanges were not able to verify incomes or residency of millions of Obamacare enrollees to determine eligibility.
I was pleased to read that part of Wyoming, the "Green River Cliffs", will be shared with the rest of the nation through a national art show. Wyoming's rich and beautiful history makes a great addition to this project which has select art being displayed in theaters, airports, malls and more.
I'll be hosting a listening session in Ainsworth on Wednesday, July 2 at 12:30 pm. Hope to see those of you in the area! I'd like to hear what's on your mind. Details below:  Ainsworth City Office and Conference Center 606 E. 4th Street Ainsworth, NE 69210 12:30 pm - 1:30 pm CT
Columbus Junction Town Meeting 35 ppl Topics-SNAP, impeachment, VA, college loans, IRS, pipeline, UN Gun Treaty, NLRB
Q&A w Keosauqua Rotary Topics-Tax reform, estate tax, partisanship, term limits, min wage, keystone pipeline, Obamacare
Senator Grassley today toured Siemens USA in Ft. Madison and held a Q&A with employees. Employees asked questions about a variety of topics.  One of the topics was the wind production tax credit of which Grassley is the author.  Wind energy supports thousands of jobs and generates billions of dollars in investment across the country using a natural, non-polluting resource.
Traveling across Iowa for my county meetings I see tremendous damage done by wind and flooding  Tremendous downpours/dangerous driving
Q&A/tour w 200 employees Siemens in Fort Madison Topics-wind production tax credit, IRS/EPA regs, Iraq, VA, Obamacare, immig, welfare reform
Mediapolis town mtg 43 ppl Topics-flat tax, immigration, foster care, war powers, IRS, VA, Common Core, PLO, debt, Senate majority ldr
Congratulations to Nicolette Bitz, Lexie Weber and RaeLyn Leier on being elected to represent North Dakota on the NFUDC National Youth Advisory Council.
“North Dakota has the most diverse crop mix of any state in the nation with 42 crops as well as diverse livestock and apiary industries. North Dakota State University is also home to 14 public crop breeding programs and hosts a new BIO Level Security 3 greenhouse that was the vision of farmers and legislative leaders in our region. This diversity would be a great benefit to your new center.  “We strongly support the proposed collaboration between the USDA-ARS and the National Agricultural Genotyping Center. This collaboration will serve you well in the development and operation of your new center,”
Thanks to the Bartlesville Chamber of Commerce for hosting me this morning and giving me the opportunity to hear first hand from our local job creators.
Join me in cheering on U.S. Soccer in #USAvsBEL at the FIFA World Cup!  #USA #OneNationOneTeam
The news of the murders of Gilad Shaar, Naftali Frankel and Eyal Yifrach - the three Israeli teens that were abducted by Hamas - comes on the heels of President Mahmoud Abbas’ announcement of a new Palestinian transitional government. Launching rocket attacks, murdering teenagers and denying Israel's right to exist - yet this Administration continues U.S. aid to the Hamas-backed Palestinian government.
My mobile office will be making multiple visits in Davis County on Tuesday and Wednesday this week.  A visit to my mobile office is a great opportunity to meet with a member of my staff.  If you are needing help working with a federal agency, or if you just want to share your ideas you are welcome to come by and add your voice to the issues of the day.
I joined Topeka business leaders and Senator Roberts today at a luncheon with the Greater Topeka Chamber of Commerce/GO Topeka. We had a productive conversation about a number of issues facing Topeka, our state and the country including Iraq, overregulation, education, immigration and the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility. Thanks to Payless ShoeSource's Curtis Sneden for helping to coordinate the event.
It was an honor to speak today at the investiture of Daniel Crabtree as Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Kansas. I congratulated Dan on this well deserved honor. He is a man of integrity, humility, and compassion and based on those characteristics I supported his Senate confirmation this spring. Thank you to Judge Crabtree and his wife Maureen Mahoney for the invitation to participate in this special day.
On Sunday, Hays-native Daniel Johnson passed away. A farmer, veteran and representative for the 110th District, he will be remembered for his work ethic and commitment to improving his community and our state. Dan was independent in thought and firm in his conviction, and I am honored to have called him a friend. I send my deepest sympathies his wife Gwen, and ask all Kansans to join me in keeping the Johnsons in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Today, the inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services released reports finding the administration was unable to resolve 2.6 million Obamacare sign-up "inconsistencies" out of a total of 2.9 million from October through December, 2013. Most of the problems dealt with citizenship and income information supplied by consumers that conflicted with what the federal government had on record.  Once again, we are provided further evidence that Obamacare is not working. In fact, the Administration is relying on nothing more than the honor system to run a billion dollar program. Without adequate safeguards or the ability to reconcile inconsistencies in income and citizenship, the Administration is wasting millions in American taxpayers’ dollars to provide subsidies to individuals who do not actually qualify. 
I look forward to visiting with Agri Talk's Mike Adams during the 10 a.m. CT hour, and encourage you to tune in. Click the link below to listen live.
I want to thank FedEx for convening a special task force to look into the issue of sending packages to rural areas that use post office boxes, after I reached out to them and urged them to find a practical solution to Alaska’s unique postal challenges. 
This weekend I spent a beautiful day in UAF's Georgeson Botanical garden. We talked about wild Alaska peonies, one of our state's new exports. Read more about it here: http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2014/06/flowers-from-alaska/372994/.
Last night, the President signed into law my algae bill that will help protect Lake Erie and Ohio's fishing and tourism industries. http://1.usa.gov/TMczzS
Tomorrow we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. It is simply unimaginable to think what modern America would be like if not for the brave men and women who stood up for the rights of all Americans.   This legislation changed the future of our nation by enforcing the belief that all men and women are created equal. We must continue to build an America that our children-of every race, creed and color-deserve.
Once again in Obamacare, an IG report found millions of taxpayer dollars are being wasted on millions of inconsistencies in determining who is eligible to have government subsidies to purchase health insurance. The "government could not resolve 89 percent of the problems."  
NA
NA
Tomorrow morning I'll be on live with Steve and Ted on KNSS Radio in Wichita to discuss the Tanker groundbreaking & the latest news. listen live: http://player.tritonmedia.com/entercom/KNSSAM
Rubio Comments On The Brutal Killing Of Three Teenagers In Israel: http://1.usa.gov/V7iwIO  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today released the following statement regarding the brutal killing of three teenagers in Israel:   “My family’s thoughts and prayers are with the people of Israel and especially the families of Naftali Fraenkel, Gilad Shaar and Eyal Yifrach during this difficult time.   “The brutal killing of three innocent teenagers in Israel should serve as a reminder of what Hamas truly represents. This is more evidence that Hamas should not be allowed to participate in any Palestinian government or elections unless they renounce terrorism and accept Israel’s right to exist.   “Until then, I hope the administration will listen to the voices in Congress and in the Israeli government calling for a suspension of assistance to the power-sharing Palestinian government. That is the least we can do to honor the lives of Naftali, Gilad and Eyal.” 
The skills gap is real - my #OpportunityAgenda provides better, more efficient, training through the SKILLS and LEAP Acts, and encourages STEM education with the SEA Jobs Act.  http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/07/01/brookings-job-vacancies-stem-skills/11787741/
Beautiful evening in Greenville!
I am shocked and appalled by these horrific murders for which there is indication that Hamas was responsible. My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims and the people of Israel.  In light of the Palestinian Authority’s unity with Hamas, the time is now for the United States to suspend aid to the Palestinian Authority until a thorough review of its compliance with U.S. conditions can be completed.
Good luck to the #USMNT as they take on Belgium today in the #WorldCup2014.  If you have a spare moment, check out this excellent video featuring U.S. Soccer.  It will give you the chills. http://goo.gl/B23cf9 #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #1N1T
