Sens. Alexander and Corker met with constituents from across the state at this morning’s Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast hosted by both senators.   We would love for you to join us for Tennessee Tuesday during your visit to Washington. Please visit the following link to learn how to sign up: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tennesseetuesdays
NA
I joined my colleagues in introducing the “Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act,” which would improve mental health care and suicide prevention resources for our veterans and servicemen and women as part of my ongoing efforts to ensure that our military heroes and their families receive access to the quality care they need and deserve.
Today, I introduced, along with Senators McCain, Blumenthal, Blunt, Murkowski and Manchin, The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act. We are proud to introduce this bipartisan legislation to improve and modernize the suicide prevention programs and resources available to our fighting men and women. Read more below.
The Keystone Pipeline proposal has been studied to death. Every box has been checked. Our friends to the north are moving ahead with or without us. It is a shame that the administration and some of my colleagues are choosing the latter. The good news is we should be able to pass this job creating bill when the Republicans take control of the Senate in the coming year.
I am appalled by the disturbing news out of Jerusalem today. This barbaric attack on innocent people in a house of worship is heinous and cannot be condemned strongly enough. Palestinian leadership can and must do more to end terrorist attacks perpetrated against innocent Israelis. I offer my prayers for the victims’ families—including the three Americans killed in the attack—and continue to support Israel’s right to defend its citizens.
NA
I'm starting my day with an interview on Newsradio 102.9 KARN with Kevin Miller. You can listen live in 10 minutes at karnnewsradio.com
I’m disappointed but not surprised that the Keystone XL pipeline bill failed to pass the Senate tonight. Once again, Senate Democrats blocked passage of this important legislation that would have resulted in new American jobs and increased our energy independence. Passing a Keystone XL pipeline bill will be a top priority of a Republican Senate in 2015.
NA
Congratulations to Kelly Mitchell on being sworn in as Indiana's Treasurer of State this morning
NA
VIDEO - Cornyn: For President Obama, Time is Up on Keystone Pipeline:
Evil was unleashed in Jerusalem today, as two Palestinian terrorists armed with handguns, knives and hatchets attacked a morning prayer service. They worked at close range, shooting into the crowd and hacking at heads and arms of worshippers with their axes while shouting ‘Allahu Akbar.’ Witnesses reported that the blood of the victims ‘flowed like water.’ Some dozen people, including two policemen, were wounded in the onslaught before the terrorists were neutralized, and four men lay dead.  Prayer shawls and tefilin have become shrouds for the devout, whose only crime was the peaceful practice of their Jewish faith.   Israel mourns for Rabbi Moshe Twersky.  For Rabbi Avraham Shmuel Goldberg. For Rabbi Kalman Levine. For Rabbi Aryeh Kupinsky.  But Israel does not mourn alone, for all four were not only Israeli—Rabbi Avraham Goldberg was a dual Israeli-UK citizen while Rabbis Moshe Twersky, Kalman Levine and Aryeh Kupinsky were all dual Israeli-US citizens.   These men were not victims of a senseless tragedy, they were deliberately targeted in carefully-planned attack. The Palestinian terrorists, incubated in a culture of violence and hate, were intent on killing Jews and they singled out men of deep religious faith who would not be armed to ensure maximum casualties. Their despicable actions have been hailed as ‘heroic’ by Palestinian groups such as Hamas and Fatah that are actively inciting these attacks.   All our friends in Israel have our sympathies in the aftermath of this atrocity, but they need more than that. They need an unequivocal statement of solidarity, a recognition that America is not a disinterested bystander in this battle.  Our citizens are dying too, targeted by these same vicious murderers, and our good friend and ally should have not only our prayers but also our unequivocal support as the Israeli people continue the fight against the terrorists who have declared war on both our nations.
It would be the height of lunacy to pass the Internet sales tax! #NoNetTax!
No Internet sales tax. Not in the lame duck session. Not ever! #NoNetTax
The #KeystoneXL Pipeline was right six years ago when the issue came up and it is right now, but a majority of Senate Democrats voted it down today. I’m hopeful that will change when the new majority takes over. In Wyoming we know the importance of energy projects. They create jobs and help keep energy prices affordable for our nation. This pipeline is an important and overdue step toward lessening our dependence on not-so-friendly countries for our energy needs.
Responses to disasters should be guided and directed by those closest to the folks back home -- their elected officials on the local and state level. They are the ones who know best how to respond to a disaster in a way that is both supportive for those affected and mindful of our limited resources. Today the Senate Finance Taxation and IRS Oversight Subcommittee held a hearing examining current and proposed tax relief for areas affected by natural disasters. I spoke about the importance of making sure relief is directed to those who need it the most.
NA
Today, I was presented with an Army Seal Plaque from Colonel McAleer. I am honored to be part of this long-standing tradition in Congress.
Joined the Architect of the Capitol to update media on progress on the Capitol dome restoration project.
Despite the US Senate failing to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, I am proud to have voted in favor of the legislation and to have stood once again in defense of thousands of well-paying American jobs and a more robust energy sector. The Keystone pipeline was in need of approval years ago, and I fully expect that the Keystone legislation will see the light of day in a new Congress.  The US energy sector has provided over 9.2 million jobs to Americans, and I will continue to work alongside my colleagues who championed a thriving US economy today.  The Senators who voted against the Keystone XL Pipeline had an opportunity to stand for job creation, energy independence, and national security, but failed to lead the way.
Senator Johnson will be on C-SPAN’s Washington Journal Wednesday morning. Click here to watch live http://www.cspan.org/wj .
This week I visited Guantanamo Bay with 4 Democrats, 1 Republican & an Independent. Our mission is to build a bipartisan consensus on how to keep Americans safe from the 9/11 perpetrators held at GTMO.
On the one-year anniversary of the Washington, IL tornado, take a look back at the horrific damage and learn about my work to help families displaced by natural disasters.  PHOTOS:
Glad to join PBS NewsHour last night to discuss Thirteen Soldiers:
“Tonight, Senate Democrats once again stood in the way of a shovel-ready jobs project that would help thousands of Americans find work —  a remarkable stance after an election in which the American people sent a clear message to Congress to approve serious policies like the Keystone XL Pipeline and get the Senate working again. Unfortunately, many Senate Democrats failed to hear that message. But once the 114th Congress convenes, the Senate will act again on this important legislation, and I look forward to the new Republican majority taking up and passing the Keystone jobs bill early in the New Year.”
It's Tuesday, time for the Media Stakeout!
Thankful for #Kentucky #coal miners for their work to help keep Americans warm this season.
Senator McConnell: ‘Keystone XL is just common-sense. It’s a shovel-ready jobs project that would help thousands of Americans find work. It would increase our supply of North American energy. And it would do all that with minimal net climate impact. That’s why the American people support it. That’s why Republicans support it.’
Sen. McConnell: ‘And at a moment when the United States is conducting a military campaign to disrupt, dismantle and defeat ISIL, now is not the time to be considering legislation that takes away the exact tools we need to combat ISIL.’
The vote to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline should have happened years ago, and while I am disappointed it failed by a single vote in the Democrat-led Senate, it is only a matter of time before it is passed in the next Congress by the new Republican majority and sent to President Obama’s desk. At that time, the President will finally be forced to decide whether increases in energy security and American jobs trump special interest politics.
I learned about the passing of Dale Huncovsky of Cuba, Kansas, today. Not only was Dale the owner of Cuba Cash Store grocery store, Two Doors Down Café and serving as Cuba’s mayor, he was also the cornerstone of the community. His pride in Cuba and his fellow residents there knew no limits. As Marci Penner with the Kansas Sampler Foundation said, “He is the essence of small town Americana. He was just a common man that made all the difference in the world for Cuba.”  My thoughts and prayers are with the entire community, as well as Dale’s wife LaVerna, daughters Kelly Melton of Cuba; Kassi Huncovsky of Concordia and son Quint Huncovsky of Manhattan.  Here’s a Wichita Eagle story with more about Dale’s remarkable contribution to the community. (Photo courtesy of Deb Hadachek)
Today, I had the opportunity to meet with the 2013-2014 Kansas FFA Association State Officer Team—all K-Staters—during their visit to our nation’s capital. We discussed the importance of agriculture to our nation and the special way of life rural Kansans enjoy. Meeting with young leaders always leaves me optimistic about our future.   A few of the students tried to stump me on what part of the state their hometowns are located – Barnard, Holton, Lincolnville, Riverton, Garden City and Soldier – but I proved them wrong!
Today, I joined Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey to introduce a Senate resolution to celebrate the contributions of American entrepreneurs and officially establish National Entrepreneurs’ Day as a federally recognized observance day. I believe the health of the American economy relies on policymakers, community leaders, academics and individuals recognizing that innovative new businesses are critical components of economic growth. Devoting one day a year to celebrating startups is a small step toward securing future economic success and a better tomorrow.
I am disturbed by reports of today's deadly attack against civilians at prayer in a Jerusalem synagogue. The reported victims include three Americans. I hope for a world where people of all faiths can attend their places of worship without fear of violence.
The passing of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Bill by the Senate is great news for Alaskan parents having trouble affording child care while they’re working or attending school to improve their economic potential. I thank my Senate colleagues for incorporating two important amendments to ‘Alaskanize’ the bill to address our unique challenges.  http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=fffae8f4-8a97-4dfc-a61a-e6d0e2d49449
Wings for Autism is a smart, thoughtful idea for all air travelers (which means most of us in Alaska.) It is a “rehearsal” for families with autistic children to familiarize themselves with the travel process. Checking into an airport, going through security, and the loud sounds of take-off can be overwhelming for kids with autism and this program helps get them used to these new noises and distractions.
Tomorrow would have been Ted Stevens' 91st birthday, and today a study was released showing that the same legal mischief that caused his case to be thrown out of court is still going on today.  We can no longer allow the government to have a finger on the scales of justice, tipping it in its favor. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=5e17e50b-cd3e-4485-895d-749efb0a39fc
Disappointed Senate Democrats continue to block Keystone pipeline. Looking forward to passing it for jobs & energy security in the new Congress.
I am deeply saddened and alarmed by the attacks that took place early this morning in Israel. These men of faith were cruelly murdered as they were worshiping in their synagogue in Har Nof. I vow to Stand with Israel and I will continue to do all I can to protect Americans at home and abroad. This is a horrific act of violence that should be universally condemned. We must demand that Palestinian leaders stop the incitement, which they have committed in word and in deed. My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Israel.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1242
Senator Roberts took to the Senate floor today to support the Keystone Pipeline. The Keystone Pipeline can deliver over 40,000 American jobs. It is the single largest shovel-ready project in America, and construction of this critical project is long past due.
Senator Pat Roberts was on the Joseph Ashby Show today and discussed immigration, Keystone XL, and much more click below to listen.   http://josephashbyshow.podbean.com/e/pat-roberts-nov-18-2014-1416320875/#.VGtXcWnIHJU.facebook
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those killed and wounded in the vicious and senseless attack at a Jerusalem synagogue today and to all Israelis who face the real and imminent threat of terrorism every day. America stands behind you and your right to exist.  http://www.kansas.com/news/nation-world/world/article3993963.html
Senator Roberts joined the Ag Issues show with Kelly Lenz on WIBW Radio this morning to discuss the Keystone Pipeline, executive Amnesty, the ill-conceived Waters of the United States regulation and much more.  Click below to hear the full interview! http://kansasagnetwork.com/2014/kansas-ag-issues-podcast-11182014/
On Election Day, Americans voted overwhelmingly to end the gridlock in Washington. Unfortunately, it appears many Senate Democrats didn’t get the message. The liberal obstructionists in the Senate are still standing in the way of the Keystone Pipeline.   The Keystone Pipeline can deliver over 40,000 American jobs. It is the single largest shovel-ready project in America, and construction of this critical project is long past due.   I urge my colleagues across the aisle to end the obstructionism, stand with the American people, and vote to create jobs and build the Keystone Pipeline.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=25367b29-93f0-43e2-8092-9dfe99b2143c
Today the Senate is expected to vote on legislation to approve construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline.  A vote on this job-creating project is long overdue.
It is extremely disappointing that Senate Democrats and the President continue to block construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. Their opposition to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs continues to amaze, and six years of stalling and delaying must come to an end.   http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-keystone-xl-pipeline
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of today’s terrorist attack in Jerusalem and their families. We stand with #Israel.
Tune in to Varney & Co on Fox Business now-- I am on live to discuss the Keystone Pipeline and immigration!
The attack today on Jews praying at a synagogue in Jerusalem is horrific.  My prayers are with the victims of this senseless violence.
America's energy independence and thousands of #jobs are at stake. #KeystoneXL
I just voted in favor of a bill to approve the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Unfortunately, the bipartisan measure failed to garner the 60 votes necessary to pass in the Senate. I am disappointed Senate Democrats continue to put politics and special interests above creating thousands of American jobs; however, I am optimistic that the Senate will approve the project next year under the new Republican majority.
Senator Cochran, Congressman Steven Palazzo, and I are pleased that the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation has awarded $28.8 million for three projects to restore areas along the Mississippi Gulf Coast affected by the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
Planted a tree in honor of #EmmettTill at the U.S. Capitol today. Important step to remember our history and build on the lessons we learned.
