ICYMI: Sen. Alexander on Saturday delivered the Weekly Republican Address with a focus on education, specifically a long-term fix on student loans and a Republican plan for K-12 education that “puts Washington out of the business of deciding whether local schools are succeeding or failing.”  In his remarks, Alexander said Senate Republicans “will work hard with the President and the House” on a long-term student loans solution. He also described “a major disagreement” with Democrats on K-12 education, saying, “To put it simply, Democrats want a national school board; Republicans favor local control.” http://1.usa.gov/18RoHWj
I was terribly sad to hear of Gov. Jim Holshouser’s passing.  Gov. Holshouser was one of the kindest and most sincere people to ever become involved in North Carolina politics.  Staying true to his mountain roots, Jim would always shoot you straight and stay true to his word.  His lifelong dedication to service to our state was defined by many outstanding accomplishments that made North Carolina a better place to live.  To those of us who knew him personally, Jim was a trusted counselor, leader, and, most importantly, a great friend.  Today, all North Carolinians have lost one of the true statesmen of our time.
I wrote in The Washington Post today about how this week's G8 meeting should spotlight differences between the U.S. and Russia's natural gas exports. Russia’s control of the natural gas market and prices results in some of our allies paying exorbitant rates. If the President is serious about strengthening U.S. foreign policy and creating good jobs—he’ll approve more U.S. LNG exports.
NA
Did you see the recent article about the yogurt company that is growing as fast as Google and Facebook?  Five years after selling the first case of Greek-style yogurt, Chobani, in October 2007, reached $1 billion in annual revenue. This kind of growth is unprecedented, particularly for a startup in the packaged-goods industry business—and rare in the tech world.  Idaho is proud of this company and grateful to be home to the world’s largest yogurt manufacturing plant in Twin Falls.
Weekly Op-Ed: Last year, more than 1,000 wildland fires burned more than 1.6 million acres in Idaho alone.  As we prepare for another potentially difficult fire season , we must take steps to better ensure the safety of our communities.  While landowners have a role in improving defensible space around homes, the principal part of decreasing wildfire threat is improving the management of federal lands to reduce fuel loads.   We cannot thank wildland firefighters, response coordinators, local governments, fire departments and law enforcement officials enough. These individuals sometimes work around-the-clock to protect us from devastating fires.  Let’s all work together to reduce the threat of large-scale wildfires.
Chron: Cruz, Cornyn Blast Obama at 'Faith and Freedom' Event:
On immigration: trust us?  Or trust but verify?  Count me out on the former.
"I cannot accept, your canon that we are to judge pope and king unlike other men, with a favorable presumption that they do no wrong. If there is any presumption, it is the other way against holders of power ... Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." -- Lord Acton [John Emerich Edward Dalberg Acton] (1834-1902), First Baron Acton of Aldenham
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/1al6C18. Interested in receiving updates from the senator each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
Senator Corker is still seeking answers from the Obama administration for alleged U.S. cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai. The Hill newspaper reports: "Corker and others on Capitol Hill claim the CIA funds have reportedly fueled the rampant corruption and fraud that has plagued Karzai's government since the war began. 'I [have] highlighted the incoherence of a policy that at once seeks to root out corruption and establish the rule of law, while at the same time funneling secret cash payments to the president,' Corker said of the program on Monday." Earlier today, Senator Corker sent a fourth letter to the Obama administration seeking answers. Read more: http://bit.ly/12EKc9l.
An article in the Wall Street Journal today highlights efforts led by Sens. Corker, Warner, Johanns, Tester, Heller and Heitkamp to “tackle an issue that Washington has mostly ignored for nearly five years: What to do with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac...”  Corker says, "It is time to put in place a housing finance system that moves beyond the current model of private gains and taxpayer losses."  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/16bsrwR
Great news! If you're visiting our DC office, we've moved out of our temporary office space and into our new office in SD185.
Father's Day:  my Dad and me, moments before tip-off of Game 5. Go Spurs Go!!
After many months of hard work, the Senate Armed Services Committee passed a bipartisan defense policy bill last week. This legislation makes sure our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to fulfill their missions. I was pleased that the bill also supports STRATCOM’s vital missions of missile defense and nuclear deterrence.
I'm a legislator not a delegator. Congress delegates too much. Progressives like 2delegate 2executive We had rule of law Now rule of lawyers
Devoting dwindling defense dollars to construct private biofuel refineries is both misguided and dangerous. In the midst of the unprecedented fiscal challenges facing our armed forces, the focus should be on adequately equipping and training our military to defend against global threats. Please take a moment to read my op-ed in POLITICO http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/shrinking-defense-dollars-and-biofuels
Our servicemen and women put their lives on the line everyday in order to protect our constitutionally guaranteed rights, including the expression of our beliefs.  Congress must ensure that we are protecting them as well.
Here is a version of my last tele-townhall where each question is broken down into its own video clip:
There is wide support in Congress for updating privacy laws for electronic communications:  "Whether they occur online or offline, our private communications should be protected. And that’s why we, a bipartisan group of representatives — Kevin Yoder (R-Kansas), Tom Graves (R-Georgia), and Jared Polis (D-Colorado) — have come together to introduce the Email Privacy Act. We’ve already gained a bipartisan group of 94 co-sponsors, and pleased to join with our colleagues in the Senate, Senators Patrick Leahy and Mike Lee, who are pushing companion legislation that would modernize the ECPA.  Simply put, this bipartisan legislation would affirm what most Americans already assume — and have every constitutional right to believe — that their privacy is protected from unwarranted government intrusion."
Very proud day for our office - Victor Glover, our Navy Fellow, has been selected to be part of NASA’s astronaut candidate class for 2013. Congrats, Vic! Read more here:
I urge President Obama to address the Russian adoption ban at the G-8 Summit. Heartbreaking for Ohio families.
Today, I introduced the 'Secure the Vote' Amendment to S. 744. Not only would this amendment prevent voter fraud, it would also clear up the problem created by today's Supreme Court decision. My amendment requires states to check citizenship before registering people to vote in federal elections.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=857
A strong majority of Americans do not want the US involved in Syria.
Rubio Pushes Tough New Border Security Amendments: http://1.usa.gov/15cilcB
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Immigration Reform, Foreign Policy on ABC’s “This Week”: http://1.usa.gov/17R9Bit
Sessions will be on LIVE with Laura Ingraham at 8:35 AM CT. You can listen live here:
More overreach by the NLRB overruled in court. My statement here  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-latest-nlrb-court-decision
It is National Small Business Week. Join me in thanking our small business owners and employees for the hard work they put in every day.
Great news: The Senate has unanimously confirmed Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo as U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. I'm confident he will serve Pennsylvania and the nation well.
An inspiring read...Great to see such a spirit of public service in Pennsylvania's young people. Congratulations Valerie, Cameron and Natalie:
NA
At the VFW Post 33 in Greensburg, I heard from concerned vets about the backlog of health and disability claims. We need to get through this backlog more quickly. Our vets shouldn't be waiting over a year for resolution of a claim.
I was in Greensburg on Friday for a roundtable discussion on veterans issues. My office also held a veterans casework day to give area vets an opportunity to get help with federal agency and programs.
In 1967, Delta Health Center was established in Mound Bayou, Mississippi, to provide primary care to the area’s medically underserved.  The idea was that a locally driven approach to health care could offer needed services to rural communities, where residents lacked access to quality care because of difficult social and economic circumstances. The ambitious idea worked.   Read more by clicking the link below.
