A recent Associated Press report showed that more than $24 million will be spent in Arkansas on outreach and marketing of the President’s health care law. In this edition of 'From the Mailbag' Senator Boozman discusses this wasteful spending.
NA
Reviewing the Kootenai River restoration project. The team here is doing a phenomenal job. #idpol
Traveling the Kootenai River to view the restoration project. #idpol 
Senator Crapo speaking to the Bonners Ferry Community Lunch group. #idpol - Staff
Thanks to the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of Idaho for allowing me to speak to you this morning. #idpol
Always great to visit with the editorial board of the Coeur d'Alene Press. Thanks for having me.
We have stops in Coeur d’Alene, Bonners Ferry and Sandpoint. Looking forward to the events today.
NA
As the Hasan trial finally gets underway, am hoping for a swift trial and justice at long last for the those wounded or killed and their families. Via @airforcetimes, the stories of the 13 killed at Fort Hood.
Cornyn on the Fort Hood victims: “They've had to live day in day out re-living this event and not being able to bring this to closure."
Today, Senator Corker told the Southern Middle Tennessee Association of Realtors he is finally seeing momentum to move a structural housing finance reform bill that ends the Fannie and Freddie model of private gains and public losses.  “There is real momentum growing to finally move a structural housing finance reform bill that ends the Fannie and Freddie model of private gains and public losses,” said Corker. “I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate, the House and the White House to see it through.”  http://1.usa.gov/15HdUfv
Obamacare: removing rungs from the ladder of economic upward mobility by reducing hours and restricting hiring.
With embassies closed and Americans fleeing the country, perhaps sending terrorists from GTMO to Yemen isn't the best idea…
Obamacare: Hurting the economy by making it harder for small businesses to hire workers.  Defund it now.
I am planning more listening sessions throughout the state this month. Monday, Aug. 12, I plan to be in Alpine at 9 a.m. in the civic center, then the Kemmerer South Lincoln Training Center at 2 p.m. On Wednesday, Aug. 14, I plan to be at the senior center in Glenrock at 2:30 p.m.  Friday, Aug. 16 I plan to visit with folks in Buffalo at the Johnson County Library at 10 a.m.  On Aug. 22 I plan to be in Worland at the Washakie Museum and Cultural Center at 1:30 p.m. and in Greybull at the community hall at 4 p.m. So far this year Diana and I have heard from folks at listening sessions in Gillette, Sheridan, Casper, Wheatland, Cheyenne, Powell, Thermopolis, Riverton, Rock Springs, Pinedale, Jackson, Sundance, Newcastle, Lusk, Torrington, Pine Bluffs, Laramie and Rawlins. Thanks for your great ideas.
It’s been a great August already. I enjoyed the Gift of the Waters pageant and parade in Thermopolis Saturday. Saturday night I had the honor to go to the “Around the Wold in 97 years” birthday party in Casper for long-time Wyoming business leader and former U.S. House member, John Wold. I’m in Jackson for much of this week supporting Congressional Awards. Friday I am looking forward to breaking ground at the new Wind River Job Corp Center in Riverton. Saturday it’s the 100th Anniversary celebration of Kaycee. I am also planning more listening sessions throughout the state. I’ll post more information soon.
The First Amendment protects religion from government, there’s no need for activist courts to protect government from religion.  Senator Barrasso and I joined Senator Marco Rubio and other Senate colleagues recently in filing an amicus brief in the U.S. Supreme Court regarding Town of Greece v. Galloway, a landmark case concerning religious liberty.
I'll be joining KFAB's Good Morning Show tomorrow morning in the studio. Tune in live at 8:20am CT!
I appreciate all of the input and comments I receive from Nebraskans joining the conversation through Facebook and social media. To ensure you receive a timely response to any questions, please contact me through my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/?p=email-deb  Please also keep in mind the below policy for comments posted to this official page:  I welcome your comments and hope that this official Facebook page will serve as a forum for civil discourse. Nebraskans appreciate the value of robust debate, but also understand the importance of respecting opposing view points. I expect all language and discussions to be polite, and request that all postings on this page remain free of profane, obscene, violent or racist language, suggestions of illegal or illicit activity, and advertisements or solicitations of any kind. Furthermore, I ask that all postings refrain from discussions of political campaigns as this is an official Senate page. I retain the right to remove offensive or abusive comments and/or block users who offend this policy.
North Dakota’s states-first approach to energy development under Empower North Dakota has made us the fastest growing state in America. Under the oversight and guidance of competent and experienced state authorities, an all of-the-above strategy to develop both our traditional and renewable resources has helped to produce the lowest unemployment rate and the fastest growing income in the nation. We wanted Secretary Jewell to see the progress we’ve made by deploying new technologies that are producing more energy with better environmental stewardship, and have asked her to partner with us to do the same for America, which will help us to attain the long-sought goal of true North American energy independence for our nation.
This morning I spoke with the Air Force Association in Midwest City, OK about sequestration and furloughs.
I'm continuing my day in Western Kansas at the Sherman County Fair. Here's a photo of Dani Mangus of Kanorado, and a member of the Ruleton Eager Beaver 4-H Club, showing me Charlie — her boer goat. Judging is about to begin.
Before attending Rotary in Colby I stopped by Western Plains Energy LLC ethanol production plant in Oakley. Someday soon, this plant will produce advanced biofuel from sorghum. Western Plains Energy is currently completing startup of an anaerobic digester system which will power the plant with methane as well as utilizing other advanced technologies. It was a very interesting visit - I'm excited for what the future holds for Western Plains and new advancements in biofuel.
Today I joined the Colby Rotary Club for their meeting at the Colby Community College Student Union and had the opportunity to speak with my fellow Rotarians about several local, state and national issues including banking regulations hurting community banks, rural hospitals' concerns with Obamacare, and our national debt. I'm grateful to everyone who attended today, including State Rep. Ward Cassidy and State Sen. Ralph Ostmeyer. The Colby Rotarians clearly live their lives by Four-Way Test and are committed to doing whatever they can to better their community and our world.
Good news today on defense civilian furloughs: Congress has worked with the Secretary of Defense to ‘reprogram’ funds and cut furloughs from 11 days to 6, meaning that for most employees the furlough will be over this month.  We should have permitted this type of flexibility from day one, as I voted for this approach with a bipartisan group of my Senate colleagues in February.
In Angoon this morning, I stopped by the grocery store where they are paying $6,000 a MONTH in energy costs.  Of course, that creates a trickle-down effect community-wide on every bag of flour, package of spaghetti and gallon of milk residents buy.   These high energy costs are simply unacceptable in a state surrounded by an abundance of energy sources- both traditional and renewable.
Off to Angoon on this beautiful Alaska morning to meet with constituents and to tour the regional clinic there.  Then, this afternoon  I'm heading to Kake and Petersburg to talk with residents about some of their challenges there.  After being sidetracked by Mother Nature yesterday, we are back on track today and on our way to another busy August work period in Alaska!
A big “Thank You” to the crew of the M/V Fairweather for getting us to Juneau when the planes were weathered out.  An amazing example of how important Alaska's Marine Highway System is our travel in Southeast!
Who needs a chocolate break?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooPzr1vzmGY&feature=youtu.be
I will be in Hopkinsville, Leitchfield and Elizabethtown today. DETAILS: https://www.facebook.com/SenatorRandPaul/posts/595281230524684  On Thursday and Friday of this week I will be in Eastern Kentucky. I hope to see you at one of these events:   THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 2013 SPEECH TO CORBIN ROTARY CLUB Noon ET David’s Steak House and Buffet, 125 W Cumberland Gap Pkwy., Corbin, KY 40701  ROUNDTABLE EVENT WITH KNOX COUNTY/BARBOURVILLE AREA PASTORS 1:30 p.m. ET Forcht Bank, Community Room, 406 Knox St., Barbourville, KY 40906  MEET AND GREET EVENT IN PINEVILLE 3:00 p.m. ET Flocoe Restaurant, 122 W Kentucky Ave., Pineville, KY 40977  BELL COUNTY/MIDDLESBORO BUSINESS/COMMUNITY ROUNDTABLE 4:00 p.m. ET Middlesboro Tourism Building, 2215 Cumberland Ave., Middlesboro, KY 40965  PUBLIC FORUM IN HARLAN 6:30 p.m. ET Harlan Center, 201 S Main St., Harlan, KY 40831  FRIDAY, AUGUST 9, 2013 TOWN HALL MEETING IN HYDEN 10:00 a.m. ET Leslie County Extension Office, 22045 Main St., Hyden, KY 41749  SPEECH TO MANCHESTER-CLAY COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE Noon ET Clay Community Center, 311 Hwy. 638, Manchester, KY 40962
Must read: http://blogs.wsj.com/peggynoonan/2013/08/05/why-christie-is-wrong/
Rubio: We Are Fully Prepared To Vote For A Short-Term Budget That Doesn’t Fund ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/17vy9Iz
NA
This week we called on the Supreme Court to protect religious liberties. Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-asks-supreme-court-protect-expressions-faith-public-settings
Kris and I are deeply saddened by the shocking events that transpired in Ross Township, Monroe County last night.  Our thoughts and prayers rest with the victims of this senseless tragedy and their families.  We also wish to extend our gratitude to the individuals and first responders who subdued the shooter.  There is no doubt that the courageous actions these heroes took preserved additional lives.
