Sen. Alexander joins Gov. Bill Haslam, local officials, and Beretta U.S.A. executives to welcome Berretta to Tennessee at today’s groundbreaking ceremony in Gallatin.   “Beretta’s decision to relocate to Gallatin shows that our state is right to have such strong laws upholding the Second Amendment, and is yet another sign that Tennessee is an ideal place for companies to invest. Beretta will put hundreds of Tennesseans to work in the new advanced manufacturing facility, and I look forward to the company’s future growth in Tennessee,” Alexander said.  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=27fb5b1f-1004-40a6-bf90-2d6350467114
Yesterday, Sen. Alexander joined Sen. Barrasso to call on the Obama administration to release Obamacare enrollment data that it has withheld from the public since May.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=617e0f68-4d0b-415f-8662-0ff318528f0f  Photo credit:  txking / Shutterstock.com
I visited the brand-new Martin L. Nesbitt, Jr. Discovery Academy on Monday. The STEM-focused high school just welcomed their first 100 freshmen. Below is a clip of my visit and why some of these young innovators are so excited to be a part of this dynamic school in Buncombe county.  
Bill LuMaye had me on earlier this week to discuss ISIS and our nation’s border – if you missed the segment, you can listen below.
#TBT From one Razorback fan to another Woo Pig Sooie! I’m ready to kickoff the football season and cheer on the Arkansas Razorbacks
It was an honor to meet World War II veteran and author Quentin Murdock to present him with the Spirit of Freedom Award during a veterans’ recognition ceremony at the Idaho State Veterans Home today in Pocatello. #idpol
Thank you to the several veteran advocates who sat down with me in Twin Falls yesterday. Your work is vital to the men and woman who have served our great country. #idpol
This week I had the opportunity to spend time with veteran advocacy groups to discuss health care and recent Department of Veterans Affairs reform legislation at the American Legion in Idaho Falls. Thank you for having me! #idpol
NA
NA
#TBT to that time President Obama said that the expansion of amnesty he is considering "would be ignoring the law." #StopObamasAmnesty
As school bells ring in a new year across the country, a special #BackToSchool #TBT
“The University of North Dakota’s Indians into Psychology Program is making important strides in providing Native Americans with better access to mental health services. This new grant for UND’s program will help further the important work the school is doing to ensure native peoples have ready access to quality medical care, including mental health services.”
The Islamic State (IS) has no regard or value for human life. They boldly and violently murder innocent civilians in the public square while terrorizing others by forcing bystanders to be an audience for their brutality. Through their "economy of extortion," IS brings in an average of $1 million a day to fund their unabashed reign of terror, making them one of the world's richest terrorist groups. http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB20001424052970203937904580117962883035440?mod=rss_Page_One&mg=reno64-wsj&url=http%3A%2F%2Fonline.wsj.com%2Farticle%2FSB20001424052970203937904580117962883035440.html%3Fmod%3Drss_Page_One
Yesterday the President announced plans to take unilateral action to enact the U.N. climate change treaty, ignoring the voice of Americans through their representatives in Congress.  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/08/27/obama-reportedly-plotting-end-run-around-congress-on-global-climate-change-deal/
Seneca farmer Philip Nelson is my Illinois Farmer of the Year. He has improved the lives of countless Illinois farmers.  Read more about why he is so deserving of this award:
Challenge Accepted! This week I fulfilled a promise to stroke survivor Jackson C. who challenged me in a race! Find out who won. #NeverGiveUp
Today I presented #JackieRobinsonWest with a statement honoring them in the official Congressional Record. I am exceedingly proud of their accomplishments and wish them best of luck in this upcoming school year. Read it here: 
I ate breakfast with the local officials in Iron county, and I had lunch with local officials from Washington county.  I appreciated the chance to get feedback from them on the local issues they face.
I have been traveling across the state over the last two weeks holding town halls and meeting with as many Utahns as I can.  The final town hall of this stretch of meetings will be held in St. George tonight.  Here is the information if you would like to attend:
We have been asked for far too long as Americans just to accept the fact that government has changed, but I’m here to tell you that you don’t have to accept this. I feel as Americans we should expect more rather than less and I’m here to invite you to join in the cause for a good government.
My Ephraim town hall is streaming now.  You can watch it here:
My town hall in Ephraim will be starting in about 30 minutes.  Here is the information if you are in the area and would like to attend:
Took the Ice Bucket Challenge to benefit The ALS Association last night with DBacks President Derrick Hall and employees - I nominate my old friend Joe Lieberman, Dbacks slugger Paul Goldschmidt and Jamie Foxx - payback for making me dance!
The latest findings by the VA inspector general simply confirm what we have known all along – systemic dysfunction and lack of leadership at the VA caused harm to our nation’s veterans. Along with the IG report, the VA released new statistics about the change in direction of the VA; unfortunately this information raises more questions than it answers, and makes is clear that the failures were preventable. You can read my full statement at the link below.
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour today in Thomas County with a visit to the Kiwanis Club meeting open to the public at the Colby Community College Student Union. It was good to see so many local residents come by to have a conversation, including Kansas Sen. Ralph Ostmeyer and Former-U.S. Sen. Shelia Frahm. The conversation focused on concern over overreach by the federal government including the EPA with the Clean Water Act and the UFWS with the lesser prairie chicken. We also discussed President Obama’s attempts to legislate from the oval office and the importance of keeping rural America alive and flourishing. Thanks again to Colby Community College for letting us use their campus for the conversation and to the Kiwanis Club for hosting me.
On my way to Colby today, I stopped in the community of Goodland and visited with folks at City Hall, Black Hills Energy, Sherman County Courthouse, Goodland Regional Medical Center, The Goodland Star News, and Cure & Bain, PC. I also stopped into the Butterfly Café and visited with the coffee crowd. They shared lots of concerns with me and I appreciate the conversations. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas Common Sense.
Today at JBER the 793d Military Police Battalion was officially inactivated. This elite group has been on continuous active duty since its activation in December 1942 and has been stationed in Alaska since 2010. Thank you to these brave men and women for their service throughout the years.
Thanks to Zack and Anjanette Steer for their hospitality at Sheep Mountain Lodge. They are a great example of hard working Alaskans running a successful small business…and are past Iditarod Mushers to boot!
Congratulations to these recent AmeriCorps graduates. Thank you for your willingness to help others and meet critical needs in the community.  These members just completed their four month work program in Alaska!
My staff said that if there was a Hula hoop contest, I would have a good chance of winning!
NA
NA
NA
NA
Have you ever seen a turnip this big?
Great to see these kids involved and excited to be part of the 4-H Program!
These kids were pretty intrigued to hear how I made my beeswax candle.
I've been to the fair my whole life and I still can't wrap my head around the fact that these pumpkins can grow to over 1,200 pounds. Amazing!
Ellen Grasso of Eagle River with her young sons Henley and Trenton
In a Humvee at the AK Air National Guard booth
MUST-READ: Hillary's 'War Hawk' policies led to rise of ISIS http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/08/27/Exclusive-Rand-Paul-Hillary-Clinton-s-War-Hawk-Style-Policies-Destabilized-Libya-Syria-Leading-To-Benghazi-Terrorist-Attack-Rise-Of-ISIS
The Islamic State represents a threat that should be taken seriously. But we should also recall how recent foreign-policy decisions have helped these extremists so that we don't make the same mistake of potentially aiding our enemies again.  Read my entire op-ed HERE: http://online.wsj.com/articles/rand-paul-how-u-s-interventionists-abetted-the-rise-of-isis-1409178958
#TBT of me and Coach Snyder. As the Assistant to the Assistant Coach for the Tight End, I am Looking forward to the game on Saturday. See you there! Go State! Kansas State Wildcats football
Had a great night at the Johnson County Farm Bureau Association's Annual Meeting last night. We discussed the Waters of the U.S. rule change and crop insurance. Thanks for having me!
Rubio Comments On Continued Russian Aggression Against Ukraine: http://1.usa.gov/1tf6J9N  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding Russia’s continued aggression against Ukraine:   “Russia’s ongoing violations of Ukraine’s sovereignty are reprehensible and should be concerning to all freedom loving people around the globe. Russia’s actions in support of separatists in eastern Ukraine will only prolong the conflict, resulting in more loss of innocent life and further setbacks for the people of Ukraine.   “For months, I have repeatedly called for the United States to impose broad-based sectoral sanctions against Moscow, including against the Russian energy sector, and to provide much-needed lethal assistance to the Ukrainian military, which has performed admirably under difficult circumstances.   “The time for hollow rhetoric from Washington and European capitals passed long ago. Russia’s continued aggression against Ukraine is yet another instance of Moscow’s undermining of the post-World War II international order. All who seek to uphold that system must now stand with Ukraine in its hour of need and pressure Putin to change course.”  
“‘[Senate Democrats] have refused to support the House-passed legislation to block the President’s executive actions, surrendering the Senate and their citizen constituents to an unconstitutional scheme to nullify America’s sovereign laws and sovereign borders [said Sen. Sessions]’…  ‘If implemented, the President’s new executive actions would functionally end what little remains of interior immigration enforcement, giving free license to every person in the world—here today or planning to come tomorrow—to violate our immigration laws with impunity’…  ‘We further know that these executive actions will likely also include a massive importation of new foreign workers—on top of the large existing flow—to take even more jobs in the United States,’ [Sessions added]. ‘The result would be disastrous for struggling workers—coming on the heels of four decades of continued record immigration into the U.S., coinciding with falling wages and a shrinking middle class’…  ‘The citizens of this country retain the ultimate power, as they always have,’ [Sessions continued]. ‘They will not let this stand. They will demand a Senate vote on the House bill to stop this executive amnesty. And they will hold accountable any and all in Congress who fail to resist the President’s lawless decree.’”
#throwbackthursday... It's Gameday! #GoGamecocks #tbt
