Due to the current weather conditions, my Indiana offices are closed today. Please contact my Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-5623 if you need any assistance. Be safe out there, Hoosiers!
Another victory for Idahoans!  The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) agreed to change the National School Lunch and Breakfast Program requirements to allow more flexibility with calorie caps.  Last year, the USDA issued a rule restricting how many calories a child could consume by changing school lunch menus, but many of my colleagues and I argued that this simply went too far.  School districts should have flexibility over their lunch programs without overreach from the federal government.
Weekly Op-Ed: According to the Idaho State Department of Agriculture, Idahoans produce more than 185 different agricultural commodities.  Idahoans are selling these agricultural commodities here in the U.S. and are helping Idaho rank among leading states in providing agricultural goods to people around the world.  Agricultural sales abroad support jobs and are an enormous benefit to Idaho’s economy.  The sales abroad are made possible because Idaho’s farms and ranches produce more high-quality agricultural products than can be consumed by Idahoans.  They are able to share this bounty with families around the world through entrepreneurship and hard work, especially considering the mounting pressures on farm and ranch land.  To ensure that more of Idaho’s high-quality food is able to reach those who need it, we must create a supporting environment for growth and eliminate unnecessary obstacles.
Cornyn Calls on Obama to Abandon Failed Big-Government Policies Keeping Americans Out of Work:
Wehner: "[P]eople who gained health-care coverage through Medicaid used the emergency room 40 percent more than those who were uninsured–exactly the opposite of what President Obama promised when selling his health-care plan."
What Washington could learn from states with lower unemployment rates
Ds dilemma: Distract ppl from O-care's failures, by spending money we don't have for "temporary" extension of unemployment compensation beyond 26 weeks.
This is progress. Federal judge, nominated by President Obama, finds Chicago’s handgun sales ban unconstitutional.
We’re five years into the Federal Reserve’s quantitative easing program, and the economy is stuck in malaise. Printing money by the trillions is dangerous, and working people need real economic growth to get their lives back on track.  Janet Yellen has said she intends to continue current Fed policy, which may help Wall Street but is leaving Main Street with higher prices for gas and food, near-zero interest rates for savers, and stagnation for small businesses that aren’t growing or hiring. Meanwhile, workers' wages remain depressed and most households haven’t recouped their lost wealth from the recession.   I'm also troubled that Ms. Yellen continues to oppose full transparency at the Fed--we need to audit the Fed now, so the American people can fully understand the scope and consequences of its recent extraordinary policies.   For these reasons, I cannot support her nomination.
#AuditTheFed
Yet another terrible Obamacare side effect: penalizing volunteer firefighters. #FullRepeal
Glenn McConnell will be missed.  He was a strong conservative voice for South Carolina who accomplished much for the people of our state during his years of public service.                      Glenn was instrumental in laying the groundwork for Boeing to come to South Carolina and for years provided steady leadership in the South Carolina State Senate.    In the years to come, I’m sure he will continue to contribute to South Carolina and I wish him well in all future endeavors.
I forgot to report on my 3rd event of last Fri A large crowd turned to congrat FriendshipHaven in Fort Dodge on $38m addition  &quality care
Congrats Master Chief Donn Sheldon on your award and thank you for helping Churchill County students succeed.
The Obama Administration is attempting to force the Catholic Nuns of Little Sisters of the Poor Home for the Aged to offer healthcare coverage to employees that is in direct violation of their deeply held religious belief against contraceptive care. I support the women of Little Sisters of the Poor Home and employers like Hobby Lobby who are fighting back against ObamaCare's intrusion on our religious  and constitutional liberties and encourage others to stand up for what they believe. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/01/03/administration-to-high-court-dont-exempt-catholic-groups-from-contraception/
The National Journal highlighted what I believe to be one of the biggest national security for 2014. We must remain vigilant of Iran's growing nuclear capabilities and firm on sanctions.http://www.nationaljournal.com/defense/5-threats-that-will-keep-defense-officials-up-at-night-in-2014-20140103
During these brutal temperatures, check out http://KeepWarm.Illinois.Gov for a list of warming centers. Stay safe and stay indoors.
Mandatory prison sentencing reform is an issue that enjoys bipartisan support in Congress.  Do you think Senator Reid should allow more votes on smaller pieces of legislation that enjoy bipartisan support and that are passed through regular order through the committee process, or do you think the country is better served by Congress passing last-minute deals that are thousands of pages long with very little time for public scrutiny?
Seeing first-hand the value of reentry programs at Grafton Correctional today. I recently introduced a bipartisan prison reform bill to encourage this model.
Visited Oriana House's North Star Reentry Resource Center in Cleveland. Great example of programs that reduce recidivism.
Joined Councilman Jack Schron and African American leaders in Cuyahoga County this AM to discuss reentry and job training issues.
In snowy NE Ohio today to visit Cleveland's Oriana House and Grafton prison to get input on my Second Chance legislation for returning prisoners that saves taxpayer money.
Senator Rubio calls for real reform to big government's "War on Poverty"  Rubio: "For millions of Americans living in poverty, the American Dream does not seem reachable – and that’s unacceptable. After 50 years, isn’t it time to declare big government’s war on poverty a failure?"
Sen. Sessions voted in opposition to the nomination of Janet Yellen as Federal Reserve Chairman. She was confirmed this evening 56-26.
Sen. Sessions is speaking on the Senate floor NOW about the U.S. economy and the need to get Americans back to work: "An unemployment extension bill is [only] treating the symptoms of the problem. It's an aspirin for a fever, but the fever has been raging for weeks now. Something is causing it, and we need to deal with the cause of it rather than continuing to treat the symptoms."
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' article: “We are in the midst of an unprecedented period of uninterrupted levels of high immigration, coinciding with falling wages, declining work-force participation, and expanding welfare rolls. Yet ‘immigration reform’ somehow remains a euphemism for the tired formula of combining an indiscriminate amnesty with a massive surge in new workers from abroad…  The RNC should demand that the president and Senate Democrats justify their embrace of a bill that would double the flow of immigrant workers when a record 91.5 million Americans are outside the labor force… Is our goal just to do ‘something,’ or to do the right thing?”
Thank you to Nancy Corbin for this week's cover photo--a Lowcountry snowstorm. This is our South Carolina.
Wicker Report | One of the most controversial provisions in the President's health-care law is the individual mandate requiring every American to purchase insurance or face a tax penalty.  The mandate was at the center of the Supreme Court case last year and has long been touted by the Obama Administration as crucial to the law’s success.  Just days away from the mandate’s effective date, President Obama partly suspended it for some Americans – adding yet another executive fiat to the law's long list of delays, waivers, and exemptions.
