Senator Alexander has always enjoyed meeting WWII veterans at their memorial on the National Mall, and was grateful to have that opportunity again today to honor veterans who flew to DC today through the Honor Air of Knoxville.
The Obama administration persisted with the roll out of the Obamacare exchanges on Oct. 1, despite countless warning signs that the exchanges were not ready to handle the millions of Americans required to purchase health insurance or face tax penalties from the individual mandate. As Sen. Alexander said in August: "I've been warning that a train wreck is coming with this law, but the truth is that no train wreck has ever had this many warning signs.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree, and click here to read more about some of the “glitches” that have occurred in the past week: http://tinyurl.com/lwmxaq9
http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1130
President Obama’s war on coal is hurting families in Missouri and across the country. Read my op-ed in today’s St. Louis Beacon discussing my ongoing efforts to push back on the Obama administration’s burdensome regulations and promote smart policies that encourage more American energy and more American jobs.
Yesterday, I joined bipartisan group of senators to urge Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to provide immediate death gratuity benefits to the families of those killed in action during the government shutdown.
NA
The president has nominated Janet Yellen to be the next Chairman of the Federal Reserve.  Hear my thoughts on Ms. Yellen’s nomination by clicking the link below.
NA
NA
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Needs to Govern, Not Campaign Perpetually
We should be united in the need to do right by our military families. Senate must pass House bill to immediately restore death benefits to families of fallen service members. http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=fc515805-7c2e-419b-b112-a5a1aab6a745
With a "clean" debt ceiling increase President Obama will have added more to the publicly-held debt (+$6.6T) than all the previous presidents combined ($6.3T).
68% or $7.2 trillion: if "clean" debt ceiling is passed, this is the amount the national debt will have increased under President Obama
Appearing on CNBC's Squawk Box today to discuss the nomination of Janet Yellen to head the Federal Reserve, Senator Corker, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, said he opposed her nomination in 2010 because of her lack of modesty regarding the Federal Reserve's role in the economy and does not believe her views have changed. "I felt like she was not very modest about the role of monetary policy in the economy. I don't see any evidence that's changed," Corker. Watch the interview here: http://bit.ly/16x7UW7.
Because Senate Democrats have blocked multiple attempts to #FundOurVets and the VA, #HarryReidsShutdown threatens to cut off veterans' benefits. It's unconscionable. http://bit.ly/GENdNT
Just one more reason to #MakeDCListen and #DefundObamacare.
National parks play an important role in our local communities and should be reopened immediately. I called for approval of a bill today that would fund and reopen all of America’s national parks but the Senate majority rejected it. Click the link below to see a clip from my speech and part of the debate on the Senate floor.
The Administration seems intent on beating up those of us who want to limit spending, but winning a PR campaign won’t solve our country’s debt problem. We have enough money to make our debt payments.
Easy way to #shutdown wasteful spending: eliminate direct farm payments. I wrote a letter with several colleagues to Senate leadership urging that direct payments be eliminated in any farm bill brought to the floor.
ICYMI: I spoke on the Senate floor today discussing the government shutdown and its impact on Nebraskans. I also made the point that we’ve got to tackle our national debt. Watch here: http://ow.ly/pFdv5
I’d say to those families, ‘Your government has let you down in your time of need.’ There is no excuse for this.   There’s no excuse for the President, Democrats, and Republicans not to negotiate. We are all held accountable here. This is not an acceptable way to run the most powerful nation in the world.
The Fischer House's offer to provide benefits to the families of our fallen heroes is noble and praiseworthy. I greatly appreciate the Fischer House for continuing their long history of care and support of our men and women in uniform and their families, but I urge Majority Leader Reid to swiftly put forward the House-passed legislation to restore this benefit.    The support our nation provides to the families of those who make the ultimate sacrifice for our nation’s security should never be impacted by the fights in Washington, and the government should not delegate this responsibility.  It is Congress' constitutional duty to ensure a strong national security. Former President Lincoln understood a vital part of that duty is to care for the families of the fallen when he proclaimed in 1865: 'To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his orphan.'  http://www.realcleardefense.com/articles/2013/10/09/statement_on_death_gratuities_106914.html
Chicago Police Department & Feds cooperate to bust gangsters. Big thanks to CPD Supt. McCarthy, Chief Roti & DEA SAC Riley.
 
 Read: http://bit.ly/1c17RTo
The Obama Administration calls the complete systemic failure of the HealthCare.gov website a glitch.  As more Americans find out what is in #Obamacare, they want to hit the reset button on the entire law.  It's no surprise the president is trying to change the subject.    Yet, the president and the Senate Democrats refuse to negotiate.  They would rather force you to purchase something you don't want at a price you can't afford from a website that doesn't work.
"The House of Representatives cannot only refuse, but they alone can propose the supplies requisite for the support of government. They, in a word, hold the purse—that powerful instrument by which we behold, in the history of the British Constitution, an infant and humble representation of the people gradually enlarging the sphere of its activity and importance, and finally reducing, as far as it seems to have wished, all the overgrown prerogatives of the other branches of the government. This power over the purse may, in fact, be regarded as the most complete and effectual weapon with which any constitution can arm the immediate representatives of the people, for obtaining a redress of every grievance, and for carrying into effect every just and salutary measure."  -James Madison, Federalist No. 58  Pass it on.
Today, I paid tribute on the U.S. Senate Floor to Sergeant Patrick C. Hawkins who was among four members of the 3rd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment killed on Oct. 6, 2013, in Kandahar, Afghanistan.  Sgt. Hawkins was one more hero, one more soldier, one more American who through service to others was willing to sacrifice his life for the betterment of his family back home and for the future of a country that we all love and call home — the United States of America.
Good News: DoD will pay families of our fallen.
Glad some of Northwest Ohio’s heroes could visit their World War II memorial today. #GreatestGeneration
Joined Larry Kudlow on CNBC last night to talk about the need for President Obama to come to the table and negotiate with Republican members of Congress on a way forward to reopen the government and end the debt limit standoff with a proposal to address the underlying problem--mandatory spending.
In case you missed it: I just appeared on Fox's Your World with Neil Cavuto to discuss the debt ceiling debate.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yj8RFGQ-J2A
"Increasing America's debt weakens us domestically and internationally. Leadership means that 'the buck stops here.' Instead, Washington is shifting the burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our children and grandchildren. 
 
 America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership.  Americans deserve better. 
 
 I therefore intend to oppose the effort to increase America's debt limit." -Sen. Barack Obama, March 16, 2006
The GOP is united and we, like then-Senator BarackObama in '06, realize that piling on new debt and raising the debt ceiling is bad. WATCH, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://bit.ly/19zulwc
Amid the political turmoil in Egypt, an egregious targeted campaign of violence against Christians is being left out of the headlines. READ: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/sep/2/sekulow-where-obamas-red-line-ends/#ixzz2hEUaplYn
In case you missed it: Last night, I joined Greta Van Susteren On the Record to dismiss the idea of a default and discuss the #ObamaReidShutdown. Watch here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiMzxwHSYWs
After months of delay, I'm glad this Administration is finally thinking about following the law: http://www.cnn.com/2013/10/08/us/egypt-aid/index.html?hpt=hp_t2 …
I took to the Senate floor today to discuss the current government shutdown and the upcoming debt limit. I will not let this stalemate stand. I will continue to work toward a solution, and I will do everything in my power to bring the Democrats to the negotiating table. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4kSVoe2ivY
It was wrong for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to single out and demonize one of Kansas’ great employers on the Senate floor. I applaud Koch Industries for standing up to Harry Reid and Senate Democrats. I wanted to share Koch’s response: http://images.politico.com/global/2013/10/09/letter_to_capitol_hill_100913.html
Another critical failure of Obamacare: What happens if you want to delete your profile in the exchange? The Administration doesn't know.
"It is a sad reflection on Washington that our National Mall has been closed to our nation’s citizens but was opened – at taxpayers' expense – for unlawful immigrants and open borders advocates.  This calls to mind the President’s recent decision to shut down White House tours, and to refuse a meeting with ICE officers, but to invite illegal immigrants for a policy discussion in the Oval Office.  Priorities are indeed misaligned when the President and House lawmakers are pushing an immigration bill that would surge the number of guest workers and reduce wages for struggling Americans."  -- J.S.
Sen. Sessions, who serves as Ranking Member on the Budget Committee, made the following comments today about the selection of Janet Yellen to head the Federal Reserve:   “I intend to fairly but rigorously scrutinize this nominee.  What we need in the Fed is a policy of humility that recognizes its limitations and the risk of continued easing.  The idea that the Fed has the insight to micromanage the economy, taming bubbles with targeted precision was demolished after they not only failed to see but contributed to the last financial bubble.   And while Fed policy has aided large and sophisticated investors who capitalize on low borrowing rates it has squeezed the middle class and working Americans who prudently save their money.  The stimulus mindset in Washington – both fiscal and monetary – has not produced strong, sustainable growth.  Cash pay for wage earners has declined while Wall Street has been enriched and the size of government has soared.  Our nation’s long-term plan surely cannot be to supplement declining wages through ever more government subsidy and borrowing.   The nation must begin a steady and firm move toward a sound money policy that creates confidence and stability in our struggling economy.”
I'll be going On the Record tonight at 7pm on Fox, make sure to tune in!
Joining Sean Hannity radio at 5pm EST today...see what station you can catch it on here: http://www.hannity.com/stations/south_carolina
NA
Moody’s – a top credit-rating agency – agrees with me that default is unlikely and Treasury can pay interest on the government’s debt even if the debt ceiling is not raised.  Let’s set aside the default scare tactics and start negotiating on how to stop the overspending and unsustainable red ink.  http://tinyurl.com/k4pldbq
Good discussion on Morning Joe about the debt ceiling. Let’s set aside the scare tactics about default, negotiate like we have in the past, and stop the overspending.  http://www.nbcnews.com/id/3036789/#53225429
