Wishing @USArmy a very happy 239th birthday today
NA
This Flag Day, not only do we celebrate the symbol of our nation, but also the 239th birthday of the United States Army. Because of the men and women who serve, our flag continues to serve as a bright beacon of liberty across the globe.
Two years of Lois Lerner's emails were lost? This is beyond unacceptable. We need a special prosecutor NOW to get to the bottom of the #IRS scandal.
Today we celebrate and honor our nation's colors that have proudly flown for 237 years! #FlagDay
Iraq today... Yes PresObama Osama ben Laden is dead But al Qaeda is no longer" on the run"
WhiteHouse reportsVPBiden on top of Iraq events in SutuationRoom I'm reminded that then SenatorBiden had a plan to split Iraq into 3 parts
LoisLerner of IRS will never be prosecuted by tHolder So I don't understand why they destroyed 2yrs of her emails abt nonprofit politicals
REALLY!!!The IRS says they lost 2yrs of her emails How convenient when IRS is under investigation for unconstitutional action agstConservtve
Since 1775, the United States has relied on the Army to fight and preserve the freedoms and values that we cherish as a nation. Our Army is the best trained and most experienced landforce ever assembled. Today, more than 1.1 million soldiers serve in active, guard, and reserve units, including approximately 85,000 soldiers that are stationed in nearly 150 countries around the world. I am honored to have the privilege to support the Army through my position on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and to regularly visit our soldiers serving in Oklahoma and around the world, including my visit to Afghanistan in January. Our soldiers embody the best our nation has to offer, and we owe them a debt of gratitude that can never fully be repaid. Happy 239th Birthday to our Army, and the soldiers and their families that make it a crucial component of the best all-volunteer force in the world.
Our criminal justice system has evolved to the point where its financial and social costs are too high to be sustainable.
More computer "glitches" from the Obama Administration.
Happy Flag Day. The flag of the United States was adopted by resolution of the Second Continental Congress in 1777.
Franklin and Osage County 4-H stopped by. I enjoy visiting with 4-H students who are learning the skills and the values that make them leaders in their communities. The future of Kansas, and agriculture is bright.
Rubio Visits the VA Medical Center in West Palm Beach
Senator Rubio wishes the U.S. Army a Happy 239th Birthday. Thank you for your commitment to this country, and for protecting our many freedoms.
239 years old and still going strong.  Thank you and happy birthday to the U.S. Army.
Saddened to hear of Chuck Noll's passing.  My condolences to his family and to Steelers nation.  #RIPChuckNoll
