Missourians rightly have serious concerns about the cost and economic impact of President Obama’s burdensome health care law. That’s why I’ve voted to defund ObamaCare.
I'm urging President Obama to show leadership and address Russian President Putin’s blatant pattern of intimidation and repression.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) has indicated that he intends to begin debate on the Majority’s gun control bill this week.  What we will be debating remains to be seen, but Majority Leader Reid has repeatedly suggested it will contain provisions that will erode the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans by creating a national registry of gun owners and limiting the type of firearms and ammunition that they can purchase.  As a result of these and other outstanding questions surrounding the bill, Senators Rand Paul (R-KY), Mike Lee (R-UT) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) spearheaded an effort to oppose a motion to proceed to any legislation that will serve as a vehicle for any additional gun restrictions.  I am committed to protecting the Second Amendment rights of every law-abiding American. I share my colleagues concerns and will support their efforts to stop gun control measures by opposing the motion to proceed and cloture when it is filed.
NA
Did you see the editorial in the Wall Street Journal from Senator Max Baucus (D-Montana) and Congressman Dave Camp (R-Michigan)?  These men chair the two committees in the Senate and House that are responsible for our tax laws.  Many of you have heard me say that our tax code is one of the most complex, anti-competitive and difficult to comply with codes in the world.  I look forward to continuing work with Chairman Baucus and Camp to reform our tax code to make it fairer for families and spark economic growth.
VIDEO: Cornyn Extends Sympathies to Victims of Lone Star College Stabbing:
KUT Austin: Cornyn, McCaul Call for Standards for Measuring Border Security
Cornyn, McCaul to Introduce Border Security Measure:
Congrats to Louisville - and Rep. Leader Mitch McConnell - on a great win last night
Did you know the Supreme Court has unanimously rejected the Obama Administration's arguments for more federal power six times since January of 2012?   Read and SHARE our report:
Department of Interior Secretary Ken Salazar recently committed to letting Wyoming manage its own water, in response to a letter Senator Barrasso, Rep. Lummis, and I sent him expressing our concern over the potential designation of entire Wyoming watersheds as federal “Blueways.” We received a letter back that said watersheds would not be designated as Blueways without first receiving a letter of support from the state. If the Secretary’s commitment is honored by his successors, it will ensure Wyoming has final say over Wyoming water. Click the link below to read more.
During the Red-White Spring Game at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, a 7 year-old cancer patient, Jack Hoffman, stole our hearts as he scored a 69 yard touchdown! If you missed "The Run," watch the video below and to find out more about this inspiring young man, check out Team Jack on Facebook.
Another day, another example of government waste.
U.S. agency to investigate possible leak of Medicare rate move
I just finished skyping w my university UNI Prof Oakland HumanREASource class  gr8  Qs.  How come Kathy didn't tell me of her operation
Grassley works to try to educate the EPA about agriculture, rural America
Hospitals give discounted drugs for uninsured to insured patients at markup
Fisker’s Job Cuts Fuel Political Debate on Green Energy Projects
Q&A on Drones
Grassley Questions Possible Gender Bias in H-1B Visa Program
As a Senator from a state with a record number of veterans waiting to receive their benefits and a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, I want to do everything I can to help the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs clear this backlog. Today, I introduced a bill to let government agencies dealing with veteran claims know that it is unacceptable to delay the veterans’ claims process any longer. Nevada is home to countless selfless patriots to whom we all owe a debt of gratitude. This bill demands better collaboration between agencies so that our heroes receive the benefits they earned and deserve in a timely manner http://1.usa.gov/ZAtcRr
I would like to clarify the liberal press' spin on my recent comments regarding an important issue. My heart goes out to those who lost loved ones during the tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut. I am even more saddened that the President and the liberal press are using these families to leverage a bill in the Senate that would not have prevented their horrible loss. The legislation proposed, S. 649, is primarily about requiring universal background checks on all gun purchases. It is widely known that Adam Lanza stole the weapons his mother legally purchased and owned. Nancy Lanza complied with all federal and state laws when purchasing her firearms, and furthermore, nothing in S. 649 would have prevented her from purchasing these weapons. We must remember that S. 649 is about gun-control, and not gun-violence. Injecting these mourning families into the debate on a bill that wouldn’t change the outcome of this horrible tragedy is indefensible.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/09/james-inhofe-guns-newtown_n_3046969.html
NA
These have been flooding into my website all day, and I look forward to receiving more.  Americans understand the importance of the 2nd Amendment, and they are extremely skeptical towards any effort that would restrict these rights: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
I would like to thank all of those who have added their voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment.  Senator Reid has announced that he will file the motion to proceed to consider deeply flawed gun control legislation this evening.  Now is the time to add your voice: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
Here is a list of the bipartisan group of 50 Senators who recently voted to require 67 votes for any bill that restricts 2nd Amendment Rights.  Add your voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
"Just recently, 50 senators, including six Democrats, voted to require a supermajority to pass any new gun legislation.    If the president believes there have been no votes or debate on gun control in recent weeks, I’d ask him to take note of what is going on in the country.  Our effort to require a 60 vote threshold is an attempt to facilitate greater debate about the specific piece of legislation that will come to the Senate floor.  By objecting to the motion to proceed, we guarantee that the Senate and the American people have at least three additional days to assess and evaluate exactly how this particular bill will affect the rights of law-abiding citizens and whether it will have any significant impact on crime.    The president again is trying to rush legislation through Congress because he knows that as Americans begin to find out what is in the bill, they will oppose it.  Our job in Congress is to do everything in our power to ensure the public understands these bills and how these bills affect their rights as citizens.”
SHARE THIS with your friends and family. The universal background check legislation we are considering in the Senate doesn't explicitly create a national firearm registry.  It just authorizes Eric Holder to create one.  Add your voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
Yesterday Senator McConnell announced that he would be joining the effort to protect the 2nd Amendment. Although it sounds good on the surface, the gun control legislation that is currently under consideration in the Senate is problematic. A filibuster will provide the American people the extra time they need to understand what is contained in these bills and defeat an aggressive effort to infringe their right to bear arms. Add your voice to the effort to protect the 2nd Amendment: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
Congratulations UofL Men's 2013 NCAA Basketball Champions!
Yesterday I had the pleasure of visiting the United States Military Academy at West Point where I met with some of our nation's finest young men and women. During my time at West Point, I spoke to a class of political science students about my work in the Senate. I also had the opportunity to visit with an impressive group of cadets from Kansas. I expect great things from these future leaders.
It truly sends mixed signals to Alaskans and the international community that we are standing down our F-16s at Eielson and cancelling highly strategic exercises like Northern Edge and Red Flag Alaska at the same time that North Korea is ratcheting up its rhetoric, leading to the bolstering of the missile fields at nearby Fort Greely.  Our military forces are the tip of the spear in facing threats from the Asia-Pacific region, and we should not be downshifting our capabilities or readiness right now.
As a mom of two Boy Scouts, I was thrilled to get the Energy Good Scout Award.  As I told them at their event: today they are earning the Energy merit badge- tomorrow they could be talking or forming energy policy for the nation’s future. (Love the hat!)
Today, I had the opportunity to get the answers Alaskans want from Energy Secretary Nominee Ernest Moniz.  From LNG exports, to hydro and coal – I wanted to hear him confirm that ‘all of the above’ energy really means ‘all of the above.’
A HUGE congrats to Central Middle School 8th grader Kenny Petrini!  He’ll be representing Alaska at the National Geographic Bee in Washington, DC next month.
Today I introduced a bill to strengthen the federal crop insurance program, improving the critical safety-net for farmers while also saving the taxpayer $5.2 billion over 10 years.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=a1ae74ad-48cc-4ab3-86d7-ee8b1f7e0a88  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCz_ASaR3SE&feature=youtu.be
ICYMI: Expanded Immigration Would Reduce The Federal Deficit, Some Conservatives Say: http://1.usa.gov/17oBnk6
Senator Rubio Introduces "REFUND Act" To Empower States To Help Pay Down National Debt: http://1.usa.gov/XpE6WE
Rubio: Obama Administration Should Clarify Its Enforcement Policy On Americans That Travel To Cuba
Thanks to our outstanding Washington intern this semester, Anne Marie Martin from Conway!
Preparing to question the Administration's nominee for Energy Secretary, Ernest Moniz, in Energy Committee this morning. You can watch live on CSPAN3 or stream at cspan.org
Congratulations to Alan Shimp, a 10th grade home school student from Midland, Pa. who won 1st prize in C-SPAN's 2013 StudentCam competition. Alan will receive $3,000 for his documentary "Free Candy," about our national debt. Way to go Alan!
