NA
I am appreciative of Secretary Hagel’s service to our country and I wish him the best in his future endeavors. While a number of concerns led me to vote against his confirmation, his decision to resign lays firmly in the mess that is this administration’s national security policy.  We owe it to our servicemen and women to put the best person we can find in charge of the Department of Defense. President Obama needs to put forth a nominee with a clear understanding of national security challenges we face and a willingness to strongly advocate for the needs of our servicemen and women, even in the face of resistant administration officials. There are far too many threats—from ISIS, the nuclear ambitions of Iran, an emboldened Russia and more—to have a Secretary of Defense who is handcuffed by the administration’s shortcomings.
While it is better to continue negotiations than to capitulate to a bad deal, I can’t help but believe these ongoing extensions are nothing more than delay tactics by a regime that has no desire to abandon its nuclear ambitions. If the Iranian regime can continue to get sanction relief with no end in sight and no effort on its part, then this is the fruitless endeavor we predicted it to be at the onset. We must ensure that the Iranians are negotiating in good faith and in order to do that, all options must be on the table, including tough sanctions that make the regime listen.
It's time for another Mailbag Monday. This week I answer a question on free trade with foreign nations submitted by Peyton, a student in Ms. Tina Geske’s World History class at Washington Junior High in Bentonville. Appreciate all the great letters Ms. Geske's class sent in as part of their project.
Extending yet again negotiations with Iran over its illegal nuclear programs is confirmation of another foreign policy failure. I have been concerned about the direction of these negotiations since their beginning. President Obama is not only ignoring the clear and present danger posed by Iranian ambitions, he is abetting those ambitions by surrendering key positions first and then pursuing negotiations that confirm our weakness. This is the most significant national security issue of our age, and it is being mishandled in order to secure a ‘legacy’ for President Obama. It is important to reassert a vigorous congressional role before we are burdened with a bad agreement that does little to prevent a nuclear Iran. In the meantime, another extension of the misguided, mishandled negotiations means the Iranians can continue their dangerous nuclear activities, secure additional sanctions relief according to the terms of the interim agreement and buy more time to undermine the international sanctions regime. I will work with my Senate colleagues to break this dangerous cycle.
I thank Chuck Hagel for his service to our nation throughout his career. While I did not support Secretary Hagel for this position, ultimately, the buck stops with the president. It is the president who has failed to communicate a serious national security strategy or set conditions that would have allowed Hagel to succeed at the Pentagon. The lack of substantive experience and expertise within the Obama Administration’s national security team remains of grave concern to me. This administration’s confused and weak responses to the flood of foreign crises we face reveals the president’s own indecisive and vacillating foreign policy views and flawed strategies that put our military and national security in an untenable position. This must change now. I urge the president to conduct a top to bottom review of his entire national security team and find experienced advisers who can give him the substantive guidance he is obviously lacking.
ICYMI: I spoke with Kevin Miller this morning on 580kido about the President's amnesty Executive Order and the new GOP majority.  To listen to the full interview, click here.
Cornyn Statement on Secretary Hagel’s Resignation:
Today's resignation reflects the ongoing damage caused by President Obama's misguided foreign policy of leading from behind. We need a Secretary of Defense who is squarely focused on defending the national security interests of the United States, first and foremost, and especially preventing a bad deal over Iran's nuclear weapons program that could do irreparable harm to us and our allies. One strong option would be former Sen. Joe Lieberman, a member of the President's own party with deep experience and unshakable commitment to the security of the United States. I urge the President to give him full and fair consideration for this critical position.   Additionally, in response to the President’s illegal executive amnesty announced last week, I have called on Senate Republican leadership to halt confirmation of all of the President's executive and judicial nominations, with the exception of vital national security positions. By any measure, the Secretary of Defense is a vital national security position, and the Senate should promptly confirm a strong and qualified nominee.
One of the groups most hurt by the President's illegal amnesty are legal immigrants. People who waited years, paid thousands of dollars, and followed the rules.
On this day in 1929, Francis Warren of #Wyoming, the last Union veteran in the #Senate, died. Thanks to the U.S. Senate Historical Office for the information. Learn more at http://1.usa.gov/1w2Qvz8
We are encouraged by today’s announcement that the Department of Veterans Affairs has permanently removed Sharon Helman, the former Director of the Phoenix VA Healthcare System, from the public payroll. This action was long overdue, but it finally sends the message to our veterans and VA employees that misconduct and mismanagement will not be tolerated at the VA, and people will be held responsible. The VA has a long way to go to win back veterans’ trust, and to reform its operations to deliver timely, quality care, but today’s action represents a positive step in the right direction.
I said 2days ago Obama adm wld extend nuclear negotiations w Iran Well it happened. This will go on til Iran develop bomb iran needs time
“Conservation measures in the new farm bill will help to protect and preserve our soil and water, valuable resources for our state both agriculturally and recreationally. Programs like the Conservation Reserve Program and State Acres for Wildlife Enhancement work for our farmers, ranchers, hunters and anyone who enjoys the outdoors, and I welcome input from ASCD members and others who are out there on the land and know it well.”
Congratulations to Champaign, Illinois resident & Cornell University student Rachel Harmon on being named a #RhodesScholar.
Senator McConnell's statement regarding the resignation of Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel.
Today at a joint town hall meeting with Rep. Lynn Jenkins, nearly 100 Shawnee County residents came out to discuss a number of issues including the Department of Veterans Affairs and mental health, the Affordable Care Act and its impact on jobs, support for USPS and transportation. Thanks to these concerned citizens for a good dose of Kansas common sense and to Bartlett & West for hosting the conversation.
Today I visited St. Francis Health in Topeka to tour the hospital’s laboratory, a full-service clinical laboratory providing diagnostic testing in many health areas. The lab examines organs, tissues and other specimens to make a diagnosis of disease. All tests are performed upon the written order of a licensed health care provider, and a pathologist is available for consultation 24 hours a day. St. Francis Health also operates an offsite lab in Topeka for patient convenience. Thanks again to pathologist Dr. Richard Gomez for inviting me and giving me such an informative tour.
Given the President’s worrisome admission that a year of diplomatic dialogue failed to bridge the ‘significant’ gaps between P5+1 negotiators and Iran, I am skeptical of what this extension can accomplish. As negotiations carry on, Congress must continue to demand terms that secure lasting and verifiable dismantlement of Iran’s illicit nuclear program. Any sanctions relief must be dependent on evident compliance by Iran. The world has too much at stake to accept a dangerous deal that disregards the concerns of Congress and the American people.
It was great to visit with more than 40 Osage County residents this afternoon including County Commissioners Gaylord Anderson and Kenneth Kuykendall and a representative from Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt's office. Topics included the need for Congress to hold agencies accountable, investment in infrastructure, concerns with federal regulation of education, and executive order. For a list of upcoming stops, visit my website — http://www.moran.senate.gov/.
After this ceremony last Friday, CMSgt. Jerry Moore moved on from Alaskan Command to serve America with Security Forces at the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan.  We thank him for his service to Alaska and his dedication to our national defense!
Joined a few of colleagues in telling Meet the Press what we’re thankful for this year. Hint: mine has to do with two feathered Ohioans.
SHARE if you agree!
When Congress comes back into session in December, I will introduce a resolution to declare war against ISIS. I believe the President must come to Congress to begin a war and that Congress has a duty to act. Right now, this war is illegal until Congress acts pursuant to the Constitution and authorizes it.
 http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1249
War cannot be initiated without Congress.   READ, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/24/us/politics/rand-paul-calls-for-a-formal-declaration-of-war-against-isis.html?_r=0
Rubio Comments On Resignation Of Secretary Of Defense Hagel: http://1.usa.gov/1vGhsvZ  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the resignation of Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel:   “I appreciate Secretary Hagel’s service to our country, from his time in the Army decades ago in Vietnam through his tenure as secretary of defense. I have many concerns with President Obama’s national security policies and it is not clear to me that all of this administration’s failings fall at Secretary Hagel’s feet. I hope that this is just the beginning of a shakeup of the President’s national security team to bring fresh perspectives to the unprecedented challenges we as a nation face.    “The next secretary of defense will take over a department that is suffering greatly from the impact of sequestration. Our military readiness and ability to modernize and innovate to meet future challenges are being put at risk. We need a bold leader who will speak frankly to the White House and Congress about the need to end sequestration and get the department back on track. We also need someone capable of developing a strategy to defeat ISIL and consolidate the gains our men and women in uniform have made in Afghanistan. Instead of basing military strategy solely on politics, our next secretary of defense needs to be willing to tell the President and the American people the tough truth about what will be required to succeed in those conflicts.    “I hope that whomever the President nominates to succeed Secretary Hagel meets these qualifications.”
Rubio Comments On Iran Nuclear Talks Extension: http://1.usa.gov/11Pnhcz  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the recent extension of the Iran nuclear talks:    “Iran was only brought to the negotiating table through tough sanctions and we need to once again increase the pressure on Iran in the weeks and months ahead to force the regime to abandon its nuclear weapons program.    “Papering over what appear to be significant differences and once again extending talks with Iran will not achieve the goal of a nuclear-weapon-free Iran. During the course of these negotiations, Iran has received billions of dollars in sanctions relief, bolstering its economy.   “The Iranian regime’s track record as the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism and an abuser of the Iranian people has not changed. From the outcome of this latest round, it also appears that Iran’s leadership remains unwilling to give up their nuclear ambitions. None of this will change in the coming months unless we return to the pressure track that originally brought Iran to the table.    “Endless negotiations and additional concessions will not achieve the desired outcome of an Iran without nuclear weapons that is no longer a threat to its own people and its neighbors. I will continue working in the Senate to significantly increase the pressure on Iran on all fronts - nuclear, terrorism and human rights - before it’s too late.”
Every time President Obama and Secretary Kerry fail to meet deadlines in Iranian nuclear negotiations, we learn of more concessions given to Iran and are less certain that a deal will end Iran’s nuclear ambitions. This is absolutely unacceptable and will only make Americans less safe and endanger our friends and allies abroad.  Read my full statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-statement-iranian-nuclear-delay
Enjoyed serving meals at the Tri-County Family Ministries today.
The administration must now move quickly to nominate a qualified candidate for Secretary of Defense. The threats we currently face, be it ISIS, Iran or others, involve some of the most dangerous actors in the world.   The new Secretary must be willing and able to develop a cohesive long-term strategy to combat these threats and keep our nation safe.  My full statement on Secretary Hagel's resignation: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-resignation-defense-secretary-chuck-hagel
Today, members of my staff attended a moving ceremony to unveil a mural of Daniel Faulkner, a Philadelphia police officer who was killed in the line of duty in 1981 by Mumia Abu-Jamal. Daniel Faulkner's memory will live on for generations to come.
The White House's official Christmas tree is coming from Carbon County, PA! Learn more about the origins of this tree, and other Christmas tree facts from PennLive.com http://bit.ly/pachristmastree
The Battleship New Jersey is hosting a Thanksgiving dinner for active duty military members and homeless veterans. You can greet these heroes on Thursday at 10am – just across the river in Camden, NJ!
Wicker Report | One of the greatest blessings to remember this Thanksgiving is the gift of freedom, which brave Americans have fought for throughout our history. This year is an especially meaningful time to celebrate the enduring strength of liberty in America. Two hundred years ago, Francis Scott Key penned the patriotic poem that would later become the lyrics to our national anthem.
