I am deeply saddened by the passing this weekend of my grandfather, John Sullivan – a decorated World War II veteran who lived in Nashua. At 98, he lived a long and full life, and I know that he is in heaven with his beloved wife, my grandmother, Mary Sullivan. But his loss leaves a hole in our hearts that can never be filled. Coming from the ‘Greatest Generation,’ my grandfather was one of the last of a special group of Americans whose bravery represented the very best of our nation. I will forever cherish the many fond memories I have of him. He was a source of wisdom who taught me that we all have a responsibility to give back to our country. I will miss him dearly and strive to carry on his legacy of service.
The Senate needs to go back to debating & amending bills to improve the way Washington works for all Americans.
Today I joined a round table discussion on the unique programs that serve the 2.2 million female veterans in our nation. Female veterans are the fastest growing segment of the veterans’ population but only a small portion are utilizing their benefits.
Two new reports from VA IG are an indicator of an alarming practice at the Veterans Benefits Administration -- make a few statistics look better but ignore overall service to veterans.  We’ve been raising the alarm for a while that the VA has been allowing work that isn’t included in VA's narrow “backlog” statistic to pile up, including appeals and award adjustments that can impact a veteran’s bottom line and overall care. But, these reports suggest that the scope of work the VA has been ignoring may be even greater, including training, quality assurance measures, and steps to ensure program integrity. So, is the drop in the VA’s backlog all just smoke and mirrors?
Did you know that the FBI hosts citizens academies to show first-hand how the bureau works? It was great meeting with participants of the FBI Citizens Academy from the Little Rock field office.
Today’s Senate Ag Committee hearing focused on bio-based products and how they are helping to grow the economy and create jobs. I was happy to welcome Amy Sorrell, CEO at BioBased Technologies, to share how this Springdale company is using this innovative technology.
NA
NA
NA
NA
I sat down with the summer interns in my Washington, D.C., office this afternoon.  What a talented group of young people proudly serving Idaho! #idpol
In wake of Lac-Megantic disaster, Senators Collins and Patty Murray today introduced a bill to increase safety resources for short line rail. Read more: http://bit.ly/1jwWDrH  
Senator Collins recently welcomed the Ward family of Brewer, Ben Buck of Peru, and Sela & Walt Smith of Dixfield to her office.
VIDEO - Cornyn: President Must Send Message That Immigration Laws Will Be Enforced:
The most consistent error of the Clinton/Obama foreign policy is the failure to understand the nature of our enemies.  It is striking that neither President Obama nor Hillary Clinton in this discussion tonight are willing to utter the words ‘radical Islamic terrorists.’ They do not understand the radical religious extremism of individuals committed to Jihad who had pledged to murder Americans, and it leads them to keep making mistakes over and over again, whether it is releasing five senior Taliban terrorists without understanding that these individuals will likely return to active warfare against the United States, whether it is in the case of Iraq, not understanding the threat posed by ISIS.   I'll tell you a great question we ought to be asking right now is whether the Obama administration has armed ISIS, these radical Islamic terrorists, whether they've armed them in Syria. We know they've armed some of the rebels. We haven't had an answer about which ones they're arming and which ones they're not.   You cannot win a battle against radical Islamic terrorism if you're unwilling to utter the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism.’
The apprehension of Ahmed Abu Khatallah, who participated in the vicious terrorist attack against our people and facilities in Benghazi on September 11, 2012, is a tribute to the valor and skill of our armed forces and the FBI who participated in this mission. I hope his capture will bring some peace to the families of the four brave Americans we lost that night: Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods, Glen Doherty and Ambassador Christopher Stevens.  Khatallah has been openly defying the United States for more than twenty months. Now that he is in custody, the proper authorities should be given ample time to assess what intelligence he may have about ongoing terrorist operations against Americans. Khatallah is a foreign terrorist, captured by our special forces overseas for his violent attack on a U.S. facility. He belongs in Guantanamo and in the military justice system, not in the U.S. civilian court system with the constitutional protections afforded U.S. citizens. Our top priority should be preventing future attacks and bringing to justice the other terrorists who participated in the murder of four Americans in Benghazi.
The IRS “lost” emails from 6 OTHER employees involved in the targeting of conservative groups besides Lois Lerner.   Appoint a special prosecutor NOW!
We need a special prosecutor NOW to get to the bottom of the #IRS scandal.  SHARE if you agree!
Having trouble with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency?  I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at the #Yuma County Administrative Building tomorrow between 4 p.m. and 5 p.m.
The loss of life, serious injuries, and near complete destruction of Pilger from yesterday’s tornadoes is heartbreaking. While we continue to pray for the families and communities impacted by these storms, I encourage anyone needing assistance to contact my office directly. My staff and I are in contact with state and local officials and we stand ready to help secure federal assistance as needed.
Senator Grassley met today with the Iowa Jefferson Award winner, Jeremiah Anthony, of Iowa City.  Jeremiah was nominated by KCRG-TV9 and the Cedar Rapids Gazette for his work to combat cyber-bullying at his high school through social media. The Jefferson Awards Foundation, through a network of media partners, works to “identify and celebrate local unsung heroes who serve in communities across the country.”  More on the Jefferson Awards Foundation can be found here: http://www.jeffersonawards.org/index.html.
met veterans from Cass County honor flight at WWII Memorial Thanks for service Honor to meet these Patriots
Appreciate Sec Vilsack keeping AG frnt&ctr in trade talks w EU Must have substantive progress on ag B4 approved…TPA KEY to everything
Senator Grassley welcomed Eddye Vanderkwaak of Ankeny, a Jim Casey Young Fellow, who spoke at a roundtable sponsored by the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth and the Senate Caucus on Financial and Economic Literacy on Monday.  She described what worked and didn’t work for her while in foster care and what could be done to improve financial literacy for foster youth going forward.
NA
1/many needs of foster kids is help w managing $  Eddye Vanderkwaak-Ankeny& former foster youth spread word today inDC
Today, the North Dakota Petroleum Council announced that our state has topped one million barrels of oil production a day. That is the collective achievement of many individuals and companies that have worked tirelessly for more than a decade to build this important industry in North Dakota. It is possible because we built a good business and regulatory environment to attract investment and innovation to the Bakken.
It’s only reasonable that the Corps give due weight to projects that have state and local funding in place and also cases where the locals are doing more. For example, in the case of the Fargo-Moorhead permanent flood protection project, the state and local share is 55 percent and the federal government pays for 45 percent. Contrast that with other projects where local funding is not in place and the federal government pays for 65 percent and the locals only pay for 35 percent.
I am proud of our U.S. special forces’ accomplishment in capturing Amed Abu Khatalla, who was reportedly involved in the Benghazi terrorist attack on September 11, 2012. This is a great victory, but instead of holding Khattala at Guantanamo Bay where he can be properly interrogated for intelligence, it appears he will be transferred to civilian custody at which time he will receive the same Constitutional due process rights as any American citizen. Once again the President has made the wrong decision on how our nation should be handling terrorists that are a threat to Americans and our national security. The President is more focused on his legacy of closing Guantanamo Bay than preventing future terrorist attacks like what happened in Benghazi that took the lives of four American heroes.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-the-capture-of-ahmed-abu-khatalla 
Yesterday I spoke with Wolf Blitzer on @CNN The Situation Room regarding the escalating situation in Iraq and warned against opinions that the United States' should work with the Iran regime. The President's failure to layout a national security plan for the Middle East has left a vacuum of leadership in the region that Iran is quickly filling. By working with Iran, the United States would only be legitimizing their presence in Iraq.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmduwq_lieU&list=TLkFl71W5alMH3UjjlD1tFp4maQrPr6Vxf 
America is a nation built on the principle of the rule of law, not the rule of man. The President needs to take responsibility for the crisis at our border and send a strong message to the world that our immigration laws will be enforced. In my op-ed in the Lawton Constitution on Sunday, I discussed a 2012 policy President Obama enacted that is contributing to the surge we are seeing in unaccompanied children crossing the border illegally:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/the-lawton-constitution-obamas-free-pass-policies-lead-to-immigration-crisis
Sen. Johnson will appear at 8 pm CT tonight on Fox News Channel's The Kelly File to discuss the capture of the suspect in the Benghazi terror attack in Libya.
In honor of #JuneDairyMonth, Sen. Johnson has launched an Instagram photo contest! Wisconsinites are encouraged to take a picture of a dairy farm in their area and to share it on the senator’s Instagram account using the hashtag #AdventuresInDairyland.  The contestants with the most likes will get their photos displayed on the senator’s Instagram and Facebook pages and one lucky photographer will get her or his photo featured on Senator Johnson’s personal desk.
Retweeted Mike Dicks (@FHSMrDicks):  Starting our day @senronjohnson here we go! #rushnac2014 #omgrobots http://t.co/CTO11aKBcH
Watch Senator Johnson on msnbc discuss the situation in Iraq earlier today.
Suspect in Benghazi Terror Attack Captured in Libya: U.S.
#Benghazi attack suspect captured, en route to US
Sen. Johnson on #msnbc now discussing the situation in #Iraq.
Sen. Johnson will be on msnbc this morning at 9:30 am CT to discuss the situation in #Iraq.
Sen. Johnson calling into radio this morning in Monroe and La Crosse discussing the latest developments in #Iraq.
Congrats Team USA! #worldcup2014
This weekend, North Central College established The Margaret Youel Award to honor my friend & fellow stroke survivor Maggie’s perseverance, tenacity and unwillingness to give up in the face of difficult circumstances. I was very fortunate to have this young fashionista at Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago to lift my spirits. Congratulations!  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/UIXHDA
I am planning to offer an amendment to the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act that would block funding for a regulation that allows the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to dictate local zoning requirements in any community across the country.   If funded, the “Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing” rule would empower federal officials to assert the authority to force any community that receives a Community Development Block Grant to comply with zoning plans written in Washington.  This rule effectively allows HUD to carve up the country, block by block, according to its own priorities and preferences.
Local officials from Iron, Beaver, and Garfield counties stopped by my office today.  Rural counties with high levels of federal land ownership face serious challenges, and I appreciated the dialogue we had about the importance of local control in a wide range of issues facing their counties.  Many proposals in my conservative reform agenda aim to give power that has been concentrated in Washington back to state and local officials.  This group of officials is who I want solving problems for the citizens in Iron, Beaver, and Garfield counties.
It was great to welcome nearly 40 delegates to Capitol Hill today who are visiting Washington, D.C., on the 2014 Kansas-Hawaii Electric Co-op Youth Tour. More than 1,500 students from across the country take part in the tour to meet with their U.S. Representatives and Senators, as well as explore museums and memorials. I appreciated their thoughtful questions and enjoy meeting with this group each year. #YTDC
My office is now accepting internship applications for the fall 2014 session. Congressional internships are a great way for Kansas students to learn about Congress while at the same time gaining professional work experience. Having worked as a congressional intern myself, I know what a valuable experience it can be.  I encourage you to watch the video linked below and visit the internship page on my website to learn more. Completed applications must be submitted for consideration by July 8.
Earlier today, I got to welcome the fifteen newest Americans by leading them in the Pledge of Allegiance at a Smithsonian Naturalization Ceremony. After they recited the Oath of Allegiance, they waved their American flags.
Almost two centuries ago, our government promised Native Americans health care, education, and housing support in exchange for their land, minerals, and natural resources.  It hasn't delivered. As a result, Native American children are now among the most vulnerable populations in the United States.  These children, like all children, deserve better.
Pleased that my algae bill passed the Senate and now heads to the President for signature. This legislation takes critical steps toward protecting Lake Erie and Grand Lake St. Marys from harmful algae that has become a tremendous problem for fresh water bodies in our state. For the first time, we will prioritize the protection of Ohio’s fresh bodies of water, which is critical for our tourism and fishing industries. I will continue my work to ensure our bodies of fresh water are protected. 
Today I called for action on my Taliban detainee transfer resolution which demands an investigation into the national security impact of releasing five high-level detainees.  
MUST-READ: Court Rules Warrantless Cell Tracking Unconstitutional  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/06/11/cell-tracking-unconstitutional_n_5486458.html
Op-ed by Sen. Ron Wyden, Sen. Mark Udall and me calling for an end to the #NSA dragnet.   READ HERE: http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-wyden-nsa-surveillance-20140617-story.html.
I have long said that any talk of immigration reform must first start with securing the border. It's commonsense. If we changed the pathway to citizenship before closing the gaping holes in our border security we would have a flood of new illegal immigrants. We were right, but President Obama didn't listen.  Now our southern border has been flooded with children who have illegally entered the country, and our border security apparatus doesn't have the manpower or the resources to cope.  The President needs to listen and act on our recommendations to secure the border.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=7c066c5c-a604-4e69-a7b5-1a459fc9287d
My thoughts and prayers are with our neighbors in Nebraska beginning the recovery after two tornadoes struck yesterday afternoon. May God bless the families of the two who lost their lives in the storms.  http://www.omaha.com/news/reports-pilger-nebraska-hit-by-tornado/article_7acecb96-f547-11e3-983d-0017a43b2370.html
Emails don't just disappear.  They need to be found.  I will continue to demand accountability from the Obama Administration.
Rubio: Captured Benghazi Attack Suspect Should Be Sent To Gitmo: 1.usa.gov/1q96fhr  “It is long overdue that justice be delivered to the terrorists who conducted the attacks of September 11, 2012 against U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya and killed four Americans. The capture of Ahmed Abu Khattala is welcome news, and a testament to the bravery and skill of U.S. special forces and the FBI.    “The Obama Administration should immediately transfer him to the military detention center at Guantanamo Bay for detention and interrogation. In order to locate all individuals associated with the attacks that led to the deaths of four Americans, we need intelligence. That intelligence is often obtained through an interrogation process.    “At times, this Administration has been more interested in the politics of the war on terrorism than the execution of it, and we have not had an articulable detention policy in six years. I look forward to hearing from the Administration how they plan to obtain information from Ahmed Abu Khattala, where they intend to detain him, and what the next steps are for going after those responsible for these attacks.   “America remains at war and a return to the failed law enforcement approach of the 1990s is not an adequate response to the very real threats we face.”  
It was a pleasure to meet with Alabama Living Youth today!
Sen. Sessions appeared on WERC's Birmingham Morning News to discuss the border crisis. Sessions said that in order to stop the surge, the message must be sent to would-be illegal immigrants that if they come unlawfully they will be sent home. Listen here for audio:
Was glad to see USA Today recognize Hunting Island State Park as one of the best in the nation!  South Carolina has so much to offer.  http://www.usatoday.com/story/travel/destinations/2014/06/17/state-parks/10627119/
The entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in these PA teens. Keep it up Take Charge JA! Our country needs you!
Mississippians know the importance of efforts to preserve our natural resources for future generations. The Sportsmen’s Act would expand access to federal lands by hunters and fishermen while promoting the conservation of our nation’s habitats. Further, it would expand shooting and hunting opportunities on public lands, create more shooting ranges, and keep the price of ammunition from rising significantly by blocking EPA’s plans to ban traditional ammunition made with lead.
