Was honored to attend the New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence Hall of Fame luncheon in Amherst today. Congratulations to this year’s Hall of Fame honorees, who were recognized for their outstanding dedication to preventing domestic and sexual violence in our state and ensuring that victims of these crimes have the proper support and services they deserve.
Was in Manchester this morning for the Veterans Count Salute Our Soldiers breakfast. Veterans Count has done so much good for service members, veterans, and family members and is a model for other states and communities across the nation. Was also great to see Junior ROTC students from West High School, who were part of the Honor Guard at this morning's breakfast.
Are you signed up to receive our e-newsletter? We'll be sending out our latest edition of the Boozman Bulletin later today. Sign up on our homepage to get it in your inbox.
Indiana once again is in the top 10 states for business-friendly tax climates.
Thank you to the Scouts and veterans who came out to the town meeting in Meridian! #idpol
Member of the audience snapped a #SenatorSelfie at the Greater Houston Partnership annual State of the Senate luncheon today
Delivering an update on the state of the Senate to the Greater Houston Partnership and discussing issues that have bipartisan support like approving Keystone, reforming our antiquated tax code, and reforming our broken immigration system.
Cornyn Presses For More Info on Ebola Research, Urges Expedited Development of Vaccine:
It is a travesty that one in every four women will experience domestic violence in her lifetime and as we mark the month of October as National Domestic Violence Awareness Month, we should join together in condemning and putting an end to these abuses.   Too many of us can name friends, family members, and neighbors who we know have suffered from domestic violence. We must join together to protect victims. As Americans, we are blessed to live in a nation that is a refuge for the persecuted and a land of opportunity for all men, women, and children, and it is vital to the health of our nation and the wellbeing of every individual that we have zero tolerance for such crimes.   Moreover, the United States should lead the world in raising awareness of all people facing the plight of domestic violence, especially those who have no recourse within their reach. Our hearts weep for those women – such as Reyhaneh Jabbari, a 26-year old Iranian woman who just this week was hanged for being accused of killing her rapist – and thousands of unnamed souls trapped in the dark corners of the world who are brutally punished by even their own family members for their beliefs, or sometimes for nothing other than being a woman.   We should join in solidarity with all who face the bondage of domestic violence, and with a unified voice we should declare and protect the dignity of each person, and their right to be safe from danger in their own homes and communities, wherever they may be.
This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. We need strong presidential leadership stepping forward to protect American citizens from Ebola.
SHARE if you want answers: http://1.usa.gov/1tdAeXt
Fifty years ago today America faced a choice very much similar to the choice we face today.   There’s still great hope for America, now as in 1964, if we choose wisely.
First opened in 1947 with only two types of soda and two full-time employees, Admiral Beverages in Worland is a true Wyoming success story. They now employ 500 employees in Wyoming alone, along with producing and/or distributing Pepsi, Dr Pepper and MillerCoors products across eight states. Thanks to A.J. Jenness for showing Diana and I the bottling facility on October 20. It was interesting to see the state of the art bottling techniques they are using.  #WyoWorks
Nearly every Coors and Miller beer is made with some Wyoming barley, the best in the world. Thanks to Tom Crichton, Dave Dougherty and Scott Heessel for the tour for MillerCoors Barley station in Worland on October 20. The facility collects enough barley in a year to make 87,500,000 cases of beer. #WyoFact #WyoWorks
I have two bills that will work together to rein in out-of-control spending and reform our broken budget and appropriations process.
NA
Interested in interning?  Know someone interested in a Congressional internship experience?  I am currently accepting applications to intern in my Washington, Bismarck, and Fargo offices during spring 2015.  Applications due November 1 and available through my website.
Our men and women overseas are dedicating their lives each day to protecting the homeland and American interest abroad. Yesterday I had the opportunity to speak with some of our soldiers who are serving in Lithuania. Continued aggression and hostilities in Eastern Europe at the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin has brought instability to the region, and the U.S. must continue to provide support to our NATO allies as they stand up to Putin.
The afternoon I headed to Winchester to tour the F.W. Huston Medical Center Jefferson Clinic and visit with staff. Community Hospitals like F.W. Huston Medical Center play a vitally important role addressing the unique health care needs of rural Kansas. Today's conversation focused on efforts by Administration to change the criteria for Community Access Hospital designation as well as unreasonable and irrational regulations. The doctors shared their concerns about too much time being spent on compliance rather than patient care. Thanks again to the entire Jefferson Clinic team including Chief Nursing Officer Douglas Norton of Lamont for the visit. It was also good to see Mayor Nancy Curry and Council Member Lorraine Herring also pictured below.
This morning I had the opportunity to visit Holton Community Hospital and learn about the vital role the facility plays in caring for their community. It was good to sit down with hospital administrators and local officials including Mayor Robert Dieckmann, Assistant City Manager Kerwin McKee, and former Kansas House member Becky Hutchins. Thanks again for sharing your thoughts and concerns with me.
Kansas: Where seldom is heard a discouraging word.
3 days left in National Seafood Month, Alaska! There’s still time to have an Alaska seafood feast, support our world-famous sustainable fisheries, and enjoy the health benefits of eating a diet rich in seafood. Alaskans know all about how seafood enriches our culture, economy, and especially our diet. What’s your favorite seafood to eat?
I want to thank Senator Bob Corker from Tennessee for coming up to Alaska. This morning, we went to a Commonwealth North event and discussed the harmful impacts many federal policies are having on Alaska, burdensome red tape holding back resource development, and his views on Ukraine and the Middle East. With Bob being the top Republican on the Foreign Relations Committee, his expertise on these issues was a huge addition to the Alaska conversation!
“A dismaying combination of perverse incentives, unfair laws, and lack of oversight makes civil forfeiture one of the most dangerous and blatantly unconstitutional policies America has ever seen.”  The government should never be able to take property from innocent Americans.    Read my entire op-ed HERE: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/10/28/rand-paul-op-ed
Reading With Kids Is Key To Their Success By Jeanette Rubio  This week, I was honored to visit students at Mary M. Bethune Elementary in Hollywood, FL, along with Hollywood Mayor Peter Bober, as part of “Read for the Record,” a national campaign by Jumpstart to promote literacy and early childhood education. I was one of millions of participants across the country using this day to highlight the importance of reading in the classroom and at home.  “Bunny Cakes” by Rosemary Wells was the book I was asked to read to a group of kindergarteners. It’s about two bunnies that get together to bake cakes for their grandmother’s birthday. To help bring the story to life, I was asked to wear a baker’s hat, which honestly felt a little funny at first – that is, until I walked into the classroom and saw the students’ faces filled with amusement. The ultimate reward of the day for me then came in seeing them listen attentively as I read the story, with several laughs along the way.  Since our four kids were babies, Marco and I have always made it a priority to read with them. Like so many kids and parents, Dr. Seuss was an early favorite in our house. Reading the Bible has also been a constant, along with whatever has been assigned at school. And as the years have passed, we’ve encouraged our kids’ own unique reading tastes, whether it’s about sports, horses, cheerleading or the reading classics we’ve all grown up with.  Like so many parents, we believe in reading because it helps kids in their development, nurtures their creativity, instills in them an interest in learning, and teaches them a skill that will ultimately affect their long-term success.  For allowing me to put this belief into action, I am thankful to Jumpstart, the Broward Children's Services Council, Broward County Public Schools and their partners for not only organizing these reading events but also providing over 40,000 copies of “Bunny Cakes” for children across Broward County to take and read at home. I am grateful to Bethune Elementary’s principal and teachers for welcoming me, and especially for the work they do every day to change the lives of their students.   And most of all, I am thankful to this wonderful group of students for warmly welcoming me to their classroom and allowing me to share in a day that reminds all of us of how important reading is for our kids.
NA
Sen. Sessions sounded the alarm over the Obama Administration's solicitation for 34 million green cards and work permits to institute executive immigration orders:  “This revelation provides startling confirmation of the crisis facing our Republic. The President is preparing to issue work authorization and ‘legal’ status to millions of individuals illegally present in the country, in violation of plain statute. His planned executive immigration order will nullify the immigration laws of the United States and its sovereign people. But rather than defend the legal rights and jobs of their constituents, Senate Democrats have surrendered them to this lawless scheme. The remedy lies in the hands of the voting public.”
This is a photo of my Field Rep placing down flooring during Rebuilding Together Philadelphia’s Eastern North Block Build. RTP brings volunteers together to focus on critical repairs and home modifications for low income homeowners -- many of whom are elderly, disabled, have young children, or are #veterans. Thanks for your commitment to the community, RTP! #BlockBuild
Happy birthday, Lady Liberty! 128 years ago, the Statue of Liberty was dedicated in New York by President Grover Cleveland. Thank you France, for a gift that keeps on giving.
Mark your calendar! The PA Military Finance Alliance is hosting "Making $ense of Finance" - a conference to help military personnel and veterans with financial and investment decisions - on November 8th in Philadelphia. Get all the info here: http://1.usa.gov/1wDB8Nn
