http://www.sentinelsource.com/opinion/columnists/guest/when-the-tax-man-becomes-big-brother-by-kelly-ayotte/article_f9892c2e-9984-5f50-94d4-b548880112a1.html
Texas was home to 1.9 million sole proprietors in 2010, with $85 billion in annual receipts that year
Small businesses account for 98.7% of employers in Texas
From 20111-11, Texas saw a 75% increase in minority-owned businesses, and a 22% increase in women-owned businesses
Senator Corker made the following statement in honor of Memorial Day, Monday, May 27. “My job gives me the opportunity to meet with members of our military serving all over the world. It is humbling and often emotionally overwhelming to be in their presence. On Memorial Day we remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country, and we can honor them by working to make the country they fought and died for even stronger. Tennessee has a long tradition of sending brave men and women into harm’s way. To the Tennesseans missing loved ones, I hope you will feel an especially strong outpouring of support this Memorial Day.”
I compliment PrezObama speaking out abt military sexual assault at Naval Academy speech It help when ComnderInChief  highlites problem
Yesterday I was able to visit the first responders, members of the Oklahoma National Guard, and neighbors in Moore, Okla. who are emboldening the Oklahoma Standard by helping family members, friends, and complete strangers to clean up the devastation caused by the tornadoes earlier this week. Just as we have done after the bombing in Oklahoma City and the 1999 tornado, we must work to assist and support one another. We will persevere and move past this tragedy but will never forget the 24 children, students, and adults that were killed in Moore and the two individuals who were killed in Shawnee. My family and I will continue to pray for those who are suffering, or have been injured or displaced.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPQuDujw62I&feature=share&list=UUOKW-o3oYdFmrMNcTLVuaoA
Talked with WSOC Charlotte/Rock Hill about the IRS scandal and the backlog at the VA. We deserve answers, and our veterans deserve better.
Great to be a small part of such an important day for the outgoing seniors at the Hammond School
Honored to give the Hammond School commencement address in Columbia this morning. Congratulations graduates!
