Today, Senator Alexander joined Governor Haslam, Senator Corker, and Congressman Fleischmann in Clinton for SL Tennessee’s announcement that it will expand its auto parts manufacturing facility, creating 1,000 jobs over the next five years.   “SL’s announcement is yet another sign that Tennessee is the most attractive state for new jobs in the auto industry. SL’s growth from 40 jobs when it first came to Tennessee in 2001 to nearly 1,700 at the end of this expansion proves that Tennessee is the right place for companies around the world to invest.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=bdaa49d4-2c26-48bd-9a35-dcd13962fcd1&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658
NA
Our interns have been great ambassadors of our office and great tour guides of the Capitol. In this picture, Weston, from Jonesboro, is pointing out important aspects of Statuary Hall to this Rogers family. If you're interested in interning apply here http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships
On this day in 1868, Congress created the Wyoming Territory. Below is a 1865 map of area to become Wyoming Territory from David Rumsey Maps:
It was great to meet these young Hoosiers participating in the American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation and American Legion Boys Nation
NA
I appreciated meeting with Emily Walters of Caldwell and representatives from Tar Wars, a tobacco-free education program, this week. Earlier this year, Emily put her artistic talents to work and won a poster contest encouraging her peers to stay tobacco-free.
As negotiations between the Senate and the House of Representatives over legislation to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) continue, Senator Corker urged that lawmakers have the opportunity to review a complete Congressional Budget Office (CBO) score on any final conference VA bill before taking a vote.   “Our veterans deserve solutions to the systemic problems that plague the VA, and they also deserve a Congress that has the discipline to pay for legislation rather than drive our country deeper into debt,” said Corker. “The way the Senate rushed the VA bill to the floor in June was a complete disgrace. Neither the House nor the Senate should take a vote on the conference legislation until there is a complete score from the Congressional Budget Office so members have the opportunity to review the impact the bill will have on future generations. I want to thank the conference committee for their work and continue to urge them to keep their assurances that they will find a way to improve the bill and ensure it is totally paid for during the same time the money is being spent.” To read the full press release click here: http://1.usa.gov/1xc3EEB  
Read the latest on the fight to #StopObamasAmnesty, #SecureTheBorder, #StandWithIsrael, and more in our newsletter!
The recent extension of negotiations over Iran's nuclear program and further relaxation of economic sanctions is confirmation that the Obama Administration's policy of tempting Tehran to curb its nuclear ambitions through preemptive concessions is indeed a historic mistake.  The Iranians still have not taken any serious steps to rein in their nuclear program. The 19,000 centrifuges are still spinning. Not one pound of enriched uranium has left Iran. Research and development of ICBMs continues unchecked.  And, Iran continues to operate the world's most extensive and sophisticated state-sponsored terrorist network.  It is well past time to reverse this potentially disastrous course. A nuclear-armed Iran poses an intolerable existential threat to the United States and our allies; we cannot let this misguided diplomatic process drift on endlessly while they plot our destruction. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in urging President Obama to reverse course before it is too late.
Pleasure to join Sen. Jeff Sessions on the Senate floor yesterday to explain why it is critical that we #StopObamasAmnesty!
IT professional: “Whether it’s incompetence or deliberate obstruction, the IRS has no excuses for having handled this so poorly.” #SpecialProsecutorNow
Live near Globe and have any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at Gila County Supervisors Office Monday from 2 p.m. - 3 p.m.
NA
Just at funeral of fmrStSenator 96yr28 yrs a legislator I servd w him Knew him as least partisan Democrat Ppl b4 Partty that's Berl Priebe
Check out this video featuring six North Dakota exporters. 
“Maintaining the safety and well-being of citizens is the most fundamental role of our government, and these FEMA grants will help ensure that our local, state and tribal law enforcement and government agencies have the funding needed to train their employees and implement the programs needed to prevent or handle any possible challenges our state might face.”
“North Dakotans are rightly concerned about the safety of our communities, and we’ve been working hard to bring together key figures, including BNSF, federal and state officials, to ensure the safe operation of our railroads. This upcoming training will be a valuable opportunity to provide first responders with information they can use to better protect our communities and themselves. We want to thank GATX and BNSF for partnering with us to make this training a possibility.”
Congressman Paul Ryan gave a great speech at the American Enterprise Institute today on addressing our opportunity crisis.  He mentioned my proposal to reform higher education and my proposal for prison sentencing reform along with several interesting ideas of his own.  I welcome this debate on how conservative principles can be applied to solve some of the most pressing problems Americans face, and I plan to continue to be part of this dialogue.
Senator Mitch McConnell visiting with Kentuckians in Brooksville, Falmouth and Williamstown on Friday, July 25, 2014.
Sen. McConnell welcomes Dr. Noelle Hunter, her daughter Muna & her friend to the U.S. Capitol on Thursday, July 24, 2014. Dr. Hunter was visiting from Morehead, Kentucky. Read more about her story here: bit.ly/1jY220B
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour today with a stop in the other Washington — Washington, Kansas. Thanks to the nearly 20 area residents who attended and shared feedback on critical issues facing Kansas and the nation including overregulation, the lesser prairie chicken listing, the federal budget, importance of Ft. Riley and maintaining a strong military. I also appreciate the folks at First National Bank who hosted the meeting.
This morning, I had the opportunity to tour TravAlong Trailers in Waterville. TravAlong Trailers has more than 60 employees in Waterville and Manhattan who will produce around 800 steel and aluminum trailers for construction and agribusinesses this year. It’s always exciting to see Kansas businesses thriving, and at times catching the spotlight. Recently TravAlong participated in the upcoming Discovery Channel 2015 TV Series "How it’s made." Thanks to Tom Grieshaber and Buzz Harris for the informative and enjoyable tour.
Congrats to the Fort Leavenworth School District—USD 207—for being named among the best school districts in the nation. This recognition is a testament to the hard work of students, faculty and staff.
I enjoyed visiting Heartland Community Health Center in Lawrence this week. Heartland focuses on providing comprehensive health services through an integrated care model to residents of Douglas, Jefferson, Franklin, Leavenworth and Osage counties. I have supported community health centers throughout my time in Congress because they help underserved patients by providing a wide range of preventive and primary care services in their own communities. Community health centers also lower health care costs by reducing expensive emergency room visits and promoting disease prevention and wellness. I always appreciate the opportunity to meet with Kansas health care providers to gain insight on the unique challenges they face caring for patients. Thanks to Heartland CEO Jon Stewart and Communications Coordinator Sean Hatch for hosting my visit.
Enjoyed stopping for lunch at one of my all-time favorites — Our Daily Bread on Main Street.
I am proud to sponsor the Electronic Communications Privacy Act Amendments Act (S.607), bipartisan legislation to protect the privacy of American citizens online by updating the privacy protections for electronic communications stored by third-party service providers – including email and social media services. The importance of updating the privacy protections was recently underscored by an IRS claim that American Internet users “do not have a reasonable expectation of privacy” when it comes to their emails being accessed by the government. Americans rightfully expect their private communications to be protected from intrusion, especially by government bureaucrats. S. 607 will affirm Americans’ right to privacy and help bring this 1980s law into the 21st Century.
Look who walked into my Anchorage office today. This summer Mark Junge is biking 700 miles---on oxygen--- from Anchorage to Whitehorse, Yukon Territory to raise awareness for COPD. Alaska wishes you well! If you want to know more about Mark’s ride, here’s a link. http://bit.ly/1l1JurF
Great news for our state’s historical documents!  As of Noon today, the National Archives sealed the deal with Alaska to transfer 1,800 cubic feet of Territorial Court Records into the state’s possession.  That means marriage certificates, birth records and property history from our state's past will stick around in-state. See my letter of congratulations to the State Archives and all the participants here.
Tomorrow is the fourth commemoration of Ted Stevens Day, and I'm going to be outside enjoying our state with Alaskans at the JBER Air Show and a great picnic.  What plans do you have to enjoy the outdoors tomorrow?
Our tax code is hurting American workers and it's long overdue that we reform it. I discussed this and how to keep jobs in the U.S. on CNBC this morning:  
In case you missed it: Here's my speech to the National Urban League.  WATCH:http://www.cincinnati.com/videos/news/2014/07/25/7959585/
Can't make it to Cincinnati for the Urban League conference? You can still watch my speech live HERE at 8am ET: http://www.courier-journal.com/videos/news/politics/2014/07/25/13120763/
ICYMI: Rubio Delivers Senate Floor Speech On The Conflict In Gaza: http://1.usa.gov/1nGmgNr  Rubio: “I hope the United States continues to be firmly on the side of Israel, because there is no moral equivalency here. What is happening between Israel and Hamas is totally 100 percent the fault of Hamas. There is no moral equivalency here. All of the blame lies on Hamas. And for this crisis to end, Hamas must either be eliminated as an organization, or they must lay down their weapons and adhere to the true precepts of peace. Which is the desire to live peacefully with their neighbor Israel.”
Sen. Sessions: "The American people have begged and pleaded for years for our laws to be enforced.  We have people in our own country living in violence, fear, and poverty every single day.  They have demanded an immigration policy that puts their jobs, wages, and communities first. Every citizen should pick up the phone and ask of their congressional representative: where do you stand?”"
Please share the following with your friends and colleagues:   Sen. Sessions today urged members of the public to call their representatives and tell them to block President Obama’s plan to grant amnesty and work permits to another 5-6 million illegal immigrants through executive action. You can read the full statement at the link below:
Sen. Sessions issues warning to America: President Obama is planning to grant administrative amnesty and work permits to 5-6 million immigrants. Sessions, joined by Senator Cruz, urged the public to speak out:
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletters&id=1401. Please share, and have a great weekend!
What Kevin Bacon, Bill Cosby & Mr. Rogers have in common: 
Attention Pennsylvania High School Students interested in government and public service. Apply for United States Youth Program.  U.S. Senator Susan Collins, Congressman Cory Gardner, and Governor Chris Christie all participated as part of the program and it worked out well for them!
