In Manchester today, Senator Ayotte joined representatives from New Hampshire's disability rights community for a roundtable discussion focused on legislative efforts to break down barriers for individuals with disabilities. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1627
Tom Coburn and I penned an op-ed about why we don’t have an #Ebola vaccine -- what we choose to prioritize determines whether we will be prepared for the threats we face.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration designated this week as National Teen Driver Safety Week. Visit my blog to learn more about this campaign.
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from Connor, a Boy Scout working on his Citizenship in the Nation merit badge - I have chosen the topic of illegal child immigration from Central America. I realize that there are gangs and violence in Central America, but there are billions of people in the same situation and we can't let them all in. I believe that it would be cheaper to send them back to their home countries than to pay for them to remain in America.
NA
My recent town meeting at Moyie Springs and the dedication of the Kootenai Tribe's Twin Springs Hatchery gave me two opportunities to savor the beautiful overlooks of the Moyie River in Idaho's Panhandle. #Idaho
By all signs, Americans are preparing to send Washington a clear message in the 2014 elections.  The question is, will Washington listen?  We should set our sights on three big goals to make Americans feel confident in their futures once again: jumpstart the economy, safeguard constitutional liberties, and strengthen our national security.
"Tens of thousands of federal workers are being kept on paid leave for at least a month — and often for longer stretches that can reach a year or more — while they wait to be punished for misbehavior or cleared and allowed to return to work, government records show,” according to a report requested by Senator Grassley.  The senator wants to put a stop to abuses of unpaid leave that hurt the taxpayers.  Read more here.
This past Saturday would have been James Foley’s 41st birthday, but instead of celebrating another year, his family came together to remember his life. James was the first American gruesomely killed by ISIS, and our nation is fighting for justice to ensure such acts do not continue. Please take a moment today to remember the Foley family in your thoughts and prayers.
Sen. Johnson was in La Crosse late last week. He met with Dairyland Power Cooperative leadership to discuss forthcoming regulations of carbon dioxide by the EPA and the financial impact they will have on the cooperative and, ultimately, its members.
A great op-ed that mentions the Transportation Empowerment Act:   "All 50 states have Departments of Transportation. More than 70% of all transportation spending in this country is already financed and spent at the state and local level. Each state has very specific infrastructure needs, and those needs are most effectively addressed at the local level, where those making the decisions are held most accountable by the taxpayers.  "The federal gas tax is just another layer of taxation that finances another layer of unnecessary bureaucracy. When the money is sent to Washington, the politicians spend it and then borrow even more."
I also visited to the community of Kanorado, Kansas, today. There weren't many people around as corn harvest is in full swing. According to the folks I did visit with, there's still quite a ways to go before it's completed. I also stopped by Don's Service Station, the Post Office and City Hall. As far as I could tell, I was the only person in town wearing a tie.
Today, I held a Kansas Listening Tour Stop in Gove County. We discussed a number of issues including the need for effective coordination to stop Ebola, the Lesser Prairie Chicken, the importance of a Farm Bill, the convoluted tax code and Obamacare. I appreciated Quinter High School Teacher Mrs. Kelli Getz bringing her senior government class to participate, as well as the students' thoughtful questions. Thanks to Mr. Jack Tebow for hosting the meeting.
I had a great visit this morning on the Fort Hays State University (FHSU) campus with President Dr. Mirta Martin. Robba was on the selection committee, and we both want to assist FHSU for the benefit of students and our state.
This morning I welcomed participants to the First Alaskans Institute's Elders & Youth Conference. The theme of the conference is "Get Up! Stand Up!", and we're encouraging youth to speak up and get involved!  #GETUPSTANDUPAK #2014EY
Congrats to all the honorees of the HOPE - Helping Ourselves Prevent Emergencies - Women Who Rock event: Carolyn Duncan, Karen Head, Myrn McCord, Paula Peterson, Pam Penrose, June Walcott and Doreen Witwer. Hundreds of Alaskans from all over the Prince of Wales Island gathered to honor these 'Women Who Rock.' Thank you to all of these women for their work to help their communities be a better place to live, work & raise a family.
It was great to reunite with the wonderful and talented doctors from the Moran Eye Center who I worked alongside in Guatemala.
Read more about Obamacare's negative impact on mid-sized businesses: http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/on-small-business/mid-sized-businesses-still-very-concerned-about-and-unprepared-for-obamacare/2014/10/14/6ce27abc-5313-11e4-892e-602188e70e9c_story.html
My CHOICE Act will ensure parents have more choice in their child's education. Zip codes are for the post office, not for determining our children's educational future. #SchoolChoice  Read more about the CHOICE Act here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/issue/choice-act
We're kicking off our #veterans job training workshops across the state this week! Columbia this afternoon, Myrtle Beach tomorrow, Greer Wednesday and Charleston on Saturday.  More info: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott%E2%80%99s-statewide-veterans-job-training-initiative-kick-offs-today
Mission Kids opened in Montgomery County in 2009. Over the last five years, they have helped victims of child abuse, raised awareness, and promoted a willingness to come forward and seek help. I am glad they are a part of Pennsylvania.
I am leading an effort to call on the IRS to prevent tax refund fraud using stolen identities. Tax fraud directly harms millions of tax-paying Americans who play by the rules. The IRS has an obligation to make fraud reduction a top priority, in particular by identifying and holding those accountable who cheat the system by cheating honest taxpayers.
Wicker Report | Congress took steps earlier this year to provide farmers and ranchers across the country with a number of key program revisions. These new tools were included in a comprehensive “Farm Bill,” which was signed into law in February 2014. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) recently reported that progress has been made on “every (part) of the Farm Bill including risk management tools, farm loan programs, agricultural research, and disaster relief to farmers and ranchers.” But more work remains to be done.
