Speaking at the Memorial Bridge opening ceremony in Portsmouth
Historic day for the Seacoast as the new Memorial Bridge opens!
My staff and I are closely monitoring the recent flooding in South-Central Missouri and I urge area residents to continue paying close attention to weather conditions, heed all instructions from local officials, and contact my office if they need any assistance. To stay updated on road closures, shelter options, evacuation orders, volunteer efforts, and other important details, please visit MoDot.org or contact the Red Cross at (573) 364-3947.
Our Clay County Mobile Office is today. Come and visit will my staff.  They will be in Corning from  9 a.m. to 11 a.m. at the Ainley M B Community Center and in Piggott from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. at the Piggott Community Center.
Crapo speaking to folks in Coeur d'Alene: "Why does a federal agency need to know what book you bought on Amazon last week?" Like and Share if you agree. #CFPB #BIGDATA #idpol - Staff
Senator Crapo speaking to attendees of a community luncheon in Coeur d'Alene. #idpol #CDA #idaho
Back on the road this morning and heading to Coeur d’Alene from Lewiston.
Few more photos from today's tour of the newly-restored territorial Capital building. #idpol #Lewiston
Senator Mike Crapo LIVE with @KLEWNews. #idpol – Staff
NA
Senator Collins is speaking this morning with more than 400 people at the Portland Regional Chamber Eggs and Issues breakfast.
The Hill: Cornyn: 'Politicized' Justice Dept. Has Offended Texas:
Muchas felicitaciones to my friends at @univisiondallas as they celebrate their 25th anniv today. Oldest & largest Spanish-language TV station in N Texas.
My op-ed in the Austin American-Statesman: Voter ID Protects Voter Equality:
Today on NPR’s “All Things Considered” at 4pm ET, Sen. Corker will discuss his oped on the Obama administration’s increasing reliance on intelligence agencies to carry out U.S. foreign policy and the need for greater congressional oversight.  Find the air times in your area: http://n.pr/14oe9dh.  Read the oped in Foreign Policy: http://atfp.co/16jdMBj.
This economic recovery leaves a lot to be desired. Obamacare is a large reason why.   #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare: Hurting the economy and jobs. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
A pleasure to join my colleagues from the NE delegation this morning at annual Federal Fly-Back in Ashland. We had the opportunity to speak with a few hundred local business leaders and talk about our efforts on behalf of all Nebraskans. And of course, always grateful for the chance to spend time at the Strategic Air Command Museum.
Had another busy day in the Omaha metro area. Started out the morning with some media stops to discuss my work in the Senate. Then, I enjoyed several events and meetings with hundreds of informed and involved people from the area, including community and business leaders.
Honor BobbyKaufmann at  an event in his st rep district in Wilton  I was speaker as well as @patgrassley   Bobby a fine legislator
#ThrowBackThursday #TBT #HomeMeansNevada #BatteBorn
 Cc: Congressman Mark Amodei
“Today we are honored to recognize Spc. Benjamin, Sgt. Eklund Jr. and Sgt. Nord for their commendable service to our country. These Army veterans have each served our country with courage and honor. It is fitting and right that we should present them with the medals they earned as an outward sign of our country’s continued appreciation for the important work they have done protecting our nation and defending our freedoms.”
“Last summer, we broke ground to begin the first phase of the Washington Townhomes project and today these units are affordable, quality homes for over 30 families in our community. These homes are being constructed as part of a public, private partnership and are a good example of how we can meet the challenges our state faces when we work together.”
Congrats Jania Josette Tumey!
Although most of us hate to admit us, Fall is almost here, and that means hunting.  Unfortunately, since the federal government controls much of the land in Alaska, there are undue restrictions on Alaskan hunters.  That’s why I am spearheading an effort in the Senate to hunt on federal land, streamline the duck stamp process and remove antiquated restrictions on hunting and fishing equipment:
NA
The American people have not forgotten about the Benghazi attacks and the innocent lives that were taken that day. We deserve real, honest answers from our president and his administration, not a cowardly misdirection campaign.   Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/rand-paul-hillary-benghazi/2013/08/07/id/519270
http://www.christianpost.com/news/one-nation-under-god-101798/
My Southeastern Regional Manager James Fitzpatrick recently met with Bob Coates, and toured L3 SPD Electrical Systems in Northeast Philadelphia. L3 SPD Electrical Systems manufactures and supplies the U.S. Navy with power distribution systems installed on every surface combatant, submarine and aircraft carrier. Thanks for providing crucial systems for our heroes in uniform!
I was honored to participate in the Mississippi Military Communities Council meeting this afternoon in Jackson.
Just finished a terrific visit to the Nissan plant in Canton today to discuss their plans to expand and create 400 new jobs for Mississippians.
