Senator Ayotte met today with New Hampshire members of the National Automobile Dealers Association.
As we observe World Suicide Prevention Day, Senator Ayotte today renewed her call for Congress to take up and pass the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act Reauthorization, bipartisan legislation she is cosponsoring that would help support key suicide prevention efforts.  Too many families in New Hampshire and across our country have been touched by the tragedy of suicide, and we need to better inform the public of early warning signs, as well as work to reduce stigma, so that families and friends are better able to help loved ones in crisis.    If you or someone you know is in trouble, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is there to help and can be reached at 1-800-273-TALK. 
People in Missouri and across America are understandably frustrated with the lack of work in the Democrat-controlled Senate. What do you think the Senate should be focused on?
NA
NA
NA
I commend the U.S. House of Representatives recent passage of H.R. 5078, the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act.  This measure, if made law, would prevent the Administration and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from moving forward in its effort to significantly expand federal authority over virtually all water bodies of the United States, including on private property.    Ensuring clean, safe water is essential, but excessive overregulation is not the answer.  Learn more here: http://goo.gl/mhG8s3 
Maine Office of Tourism has announced that today is the official start of Maine's fall foliage season.  Learn more about one of Maine's most beautiful seasons (they're all beautiful!) at www.MaineFoliage.com 
Senators Collins and King joined the Maine State Chamber of Commerce in welcoming some of Maine's finest culinary treasures to Washington, D.C., including lobster, blueberries, potatoes, wine, beer and spirits, chocolates, and the original Whoopie Pie.    "Is there any food that is more coveted than Maine food?  I don't think so!" Senator Collins said to a packed Kennedy Caucus Room filled with Senators and Mainers living in Washington.  Among the Maine vendors serving up products were Cold River Vodka, Maine Aquaculture Association, Maine Potato Board, Oats Any Time, Maine Lobster Promotion Council, Wicked Whoopies, Cellar Door Winery, Gifford's Ice Cream, Wilbur's of Maine, Shipyard Brewing, Allagash Brewing, Little Lad's Bakery, Grandy Oats Granola, Backyard Farms, Raye's Mustard, W.A. Bean & Sons, Bluebird Family Ranch, Bixby & Co., and the State of Maine Office of Tourism.
For a half century, a package of federal programs called TRIO has been the key to educational opportunity for low-income, often first-generation college students.  Senator Collins met with TRIO leaders from Maine who thanked her for her strong support of the program and for making expanding access to higher education a priority.
Congratulations to Maine's Middle School and High School 2014 Principals of the Year!  Matt Nelson is a tireless advocate for the students and staff at Westbrook Middle School.  Cari Medd is an exceptional school leader who champions substantive and last school improvement at  Poland Regional High School.  Matt and Cari are two of Maine’s most amazing teachers who take on the challenge of educating our young people and helping them to realize their full potential.  Thank you to all of Maine's teachers, and congratulations Matt and Cari.
Congratulations to Cissy Perez of Corpus Christi and Barbara Warner of Frisco on being named Texas Principals of the Year. They are leading their schools with excellence and doing outstanding work preparing the next generation of Texas leaders.
Voting to #StopObamasAmnesty and to solve our crisis at the border isn't a hard vote. Let's vote.
I hope we can return to a day where there’s bipartisan support for protecting the free speech rights of every American. #DontRepeal1A
We cannot solve the crisis at the border until we end President Obama’s Amnesty. #StopObamasAmnesty
As Sen. Ted Kennedy said, "In the entire history of the Constitution we have never amended the Bill of Rights, and now is not the time to start."  #DontRepeal1A
The National Park Service has presented management alternatives that would restrict motor travel in some way on the Moose-Wilson Road within Grand Teton National Park. One alternative would establish a reservation system for driving on the road. The service is asking for comments from the community on different plans it has drawn up. It is important that the community be involved when it comes to determining local access to our national parks. I encourage you to click the link below to leave a comment and let your voice be heard. The comment period closes Sept. 15.
Across the country, Obamacare approval ratings continue to drop. It’s time the Senate majority allowed votes on sensible alternatives to alleviate the disastrous effects of the law. My Small Business Fairness in Health Care bill would help spur job growth by providing small businesses and their workers protection from some of the oppressive provisions in the law. Find out more at : http://1.usa.gov/1wfbf6o
On Tuesday, Senator John Barrasso and I were proud to congratulate Scott O’Tremba on being Wyoming’s 2014 Secondary School Principal of the Year. Scott is the principal at Lovell High School and known for his willingness to work with his community and ensure that the kids are always the priority. Keep up the great work!
Enjoyed a busy day today: floor speech, weekly press call, Indian Affairs and Commerce Committee hearings, and several mtgs w/ visiting Nebraskans. Also got the chance to present to Brian and Carey Hamilton – car dealers from Omaha – a copy of the law I worked to pass to cut the red tape hurting auto dealers.
Enjoyed meeting with pork producers from across NE who were visiting Washington for a national conference. We had a great discussion about trade and regulations affecting the pork industry.  Thanks for stopping by!
Video from my floor speech today: "Nebraskans expect more. Americans expect more. They expect us to do our jobs – to work together – offer solutions – debate – amend – and vote. There are many proposals I would love to vote on. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, but let’s at least start to have meaningful debate and real votes."  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAlJQUeEymo&feature=youtu.be
There are risks associated with any decision, but today the biggest risk is to continue on the current path of doing nothing.    ISIL now poses a direct threat to the American people and homeland and must be vanquished.
Senator Grassley congratulates Gary Hatfield of Taft Middle School in Cedar Rapids and Aiddy Phomvisay of Marshalltown High School on being named Iowa Principals of the Year by the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
“Ultimately, what will resolve these delays is greater rail capacity to not only catch up with delayed shipments but also to manage this year’s harvest. Because of our growing economy and dynamic farm sector, railroads must commit to investing in more rail infrastructure, which means more locomotives, more railcars and more crews. BNSF has made substantial commitments to increasing infrastructure and personnel, and now Canadian Pacific needs to make the same kind of commitment. It is also imperative that CP implement transparent and fair way to reserve cars and track orders for our farmers and elevators. The investments and changes we are pushing for will benefit not just North Dakota shippers, but also the railroads themselves as they grow with our state.”
Today I had the honor to speak at the In Defense of Christianity Summit where I discussed how freedom of religion is one of our most precious constitutional liberties.
The Department of Transportation informed my office yesterday that the city of Tulsa has been awarded at $10 million grant to rebuild and rehabilitate Riverside Drive. This major construction project will help to ensure the street is a safe and sufficient access point to, "A Gathering Place for Tulsa", a 75-acre recreational park set to open in 2017. I look forward to seeing this project through to completion from my position on the Environment and Public Works Committee and can only anticipate the benefits of this project for our great city. 
In an interview this morning with MSNBC, I shared just how sick and tired I am of people in Washington pointing fingers at each other, saying what we should do and shouldn’t do to take on ISIL. We have men and women in uniform already in harms way in the Middle East. It’s time Congress takes up my AUMF and settle this argument. My AUMF will force President Obama out of the shadows and remove any excuse for what type action or access to resources he needs to defeat this violent terrorist army.
Last night, I joined my Senate Armed Services Committee colleague Sen. Tim Kaine to discuss the threat of ISIL to the homeland. We both are calling for the president to deliver a comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIL, and we each explained our reasons for why Congress must be involved. You can watch a recap of our interview online here: http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/senators-debate-presidents-power-launch-fight-islamic-state/ 
Earlier this year, during hearings of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I had the chance to ask CENTCOM Commander General Lloyd Austin and the Director of National Intelligence James Clapper about the risks of arming and assisting rebel groups in Syria.  Their responses were very troubling.  As the president shares his plan for how to address national security threats in the Middle East, I hope to find his plan takes into account the concerns raised by these high-ranking officials.
During the series of town halls I held in August, many of you had questions about how our country should respond to growing threats abroad.  Many Utahns were concerned about the rise of ISIS in Iraq and Syria and Russian aggression towards Ukraine.  I responded to these concerns by asserting that as Commander in Chief, the president has the responsibility to come before Congress and the American people to present his strategy for dealing with foreign threats to our national security.  Tonight, President Obama is delivering a speech about his strategy for dealing with the turmoil in Iraq and Syria as a result of the growing power of ISIS.  His speech is scheduled to start at 7:00 p.m. MT, and this was the time that I was planning on holding my tele-townhall tonight.  Out of respect to the office of the presidency, I am planning to postpone tonight's tele-townhall by thrity minutes.  The event will now be held at 7:30 p.m. MT.  I look forward to discussing the president's speech with you along with any other topics you would like to discuss.  Sign up to attend the tele-townhall by phone here: 
Our political system isn't perfect, but it does keep us free.  But it keeps us free only to the extent that individuals are allowed to speak their mind without fear of retribution from the government.  It keeps us free only to the extent that individuals rich and poor alike are able to say what they want and join together to form voluntary associations for the purpose of influencing the outcome of elections.
NA
Senator McConnell honors @WildTurkey Distillery’s Master Distiller, Jimmy Russell, on 60 yrs of making #bourbon in #Kentucky. pic.twitter.com/xIaeWDOhpY
Senator McConnell: ‘If Congress is asked to support a strategy, it needs to be a strategy that is designed to succeed.  Not a mere restatement of current policy, which we know is insufficient to the task. The President must seize this opportunity to lead.  This is not the time to shirk or put off his solemn responsibilities as commander in chief. Because passing off this threat to his successor would not only be irresponsible, it would increase the threat that ISIL poses to Americans, by enabling it to secure its gains within Iraq and Syria.’
It was great to visit with representatives from Kansas Farmers Union yesterday during their visit to Washington, D.C. We discussed some of the most pressing issues facing Kansas farmers and ranchers including essential provisions of the Farm Bill such as crop insurance and livestock disaster programs. It was an honor to be presented with the Golden Triangle Award. The award is presented annually to Members of Congress who demonstrate leadership and support policies that benefit family farmers, ranchers, fisherman and rural communities.
I was in Lawrence last week to attend the Kansas Pharmacists Association's 134th Annual Meeting & Trade Show. This event gave me an opportunity to visit with a number of pharmacists from across our state and learn how they deliver health care in our communities. Pharmacists play an important role in our health care system. This is especially true in rural states like Kansas, where the local pharmacist is often the most accessible health care provider in a community. Here, I'm pictured with incoming Kansas Pharmacists Association President Jim Baumann and his wife Kathleen.
Yesterday, I met with the Kansas Association of Secondary School Principals (KASSP) 2014 Kansas Principals of the Year Cara Ledy of Wichita South High School and Mark Bloustine of Paola Middle School. Each year, KASSP recognizes middle school and secondary school principals for outstanding and exemplary leadership, and I’m pleased they are being commended for their contributions to Kansas students. During our visit, we discussed the need for more flexibility in federal education policy to enable schools to raise the bar and focus on preparing students for careers and higher education. I appreciated the opportunity to visit with them and learn more about how they work each to prepare students for the challenges of life. Thanks to Cara and Mark, and all Kansas education professionals, for their commitment to helping Kansas students reach their full potentials in the classroom and beyond.
The Washington Post recently published an inaccurate report on Alaska’s bypass mail system. So to set the record straight for those outside Alaska who read it, I posted a factchecker on my website: 
This morning I read a news report that Russia has begun building new military bases in the Arctic -- just more evidence that the U.S. is not appropriately stepping up its activities in the Arctic and investing in a region where commercial and international activities are increasing.
Today is International Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders (FASD) Awareness Day—chosen specifically today, the ninth day of the ninth month of the year as a reminder that expecting mothers should not consume alcohol during their nine months of pregnancy. Although Alaska has made great strides in cutting down cases in our state – reducing our rate by 32 percent in recent decades – we can still do so much more. In 2011, I introduced and passed a resolution in the Senate commemorating today as International FASD Awareness Day, and I am proud of the work that is being done to raise awareness and the efforts being taken to address this 100% preventable problem. For more information on what Alaska is doing to help this problem, click here: http://dhss.alaska.gov/dbh/fas/Pages/default.aspx   
TONIGHT: I am joining Sean Hannity on the Fox News Channel with a live response to President Obama's address to the nation. Tune in at 10:00p.m. ET.
In case you missed it- Here's CBN's coverage of my recent medical mission trip to Guatemala.  WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bPWx9UDTfg
I enjoyed meeting with Zach Huff today. Zach is an American who is an active duty combat soldier in the Israel Defense Forces and veteran of the recent Gaza operation. I will continue to stand with Zach and Israel
Today's MUST-READ: 900,000 Innocents Subjected to NSA Scrutiny- The violations of our rights are obvious, undenied, and undeniable.  http://reason.com/archives/2014/07/10/spying-on-innocents
Rubio Comments On Senate Passage Of Resolution Honoring Lives Of Slain American Journalists, Condemning ISIL: http://1.usa.gov/1pPABlM  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today welcomed the Senate’s passage, by unanimous consent, of a bipartisan resolution honoring the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and condemning the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) terrorist organization that brutally murdered them. In addition to Rubio, the resolution was sponsored by Senators Bill Nelson (D-FL), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), and Bob Menendez (D-NJ).   In a wide-ranging U.S. Senate floor speech yesterday, Rubio paid tribute to Florida native Steven Sotloff, and honored his noble and courageous work as a journalist in the Middle East.   “The second point, which I think is related to my comments here in a moment, is towards the family of Steven Sotloff who lost his life tragically in the Middle East over the last few days. We all are familiar with that horrific tale,” said Rubio. “Steven actually lived in Miami, Florida with his family, literally blocks away from where I go to church, literally blocks away from where I live. He was a member of our community and an American.    “As I said last week at his memorial service, Steven had dedicated his life to revealing the suffering and the reality of what was happening in some of the most dangerous areas of the world,” Rubio added. “And while he lost his life tragically, I think it is ironic and appropriate that in his last act, as he lost his life, he revealed the true nature of what we confront in that part of the world and the true nature of the Islamic State – and who they are and what they're all about.    “And this was a young man who, as I said, dedicated his life not just to journalism, but to journalism in the most dangerous part of the world,” Rubio continued. “And in so doing, was able to bring that reality to us even in the last moments of his life.” 
On Senate Floor, Rubio Calls On Reid To Hold Vote On Venezuela Sanctions Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1rGSp3W  Washington, D.C. – During a wide-ranging U.S. Senate floor speech on Tuesday evening, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) called on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) to schedule a vote on S. 2142, the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, a bill authorizing sanctions on individuals involved in serious human rights violations against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela. The legislation is currently being blocked from being unanimously passed by the full U.S. Senate at the behest of Citgo, the Venezuelan regime’s wholly owned U.S. subsidiary.    In recent weeks, Rubio has published an opinion column in Louisiana’s The Daily Advertiser challenging U.S. Senator Mary Landrieu’s block of the bill, and urged Reid to hold a full Senate vote in a letter.    “In Latin America, we have seen an erosion of democratic order, the rise of anti-democratic governments that threaten to erode almost two decades of democratic progress in the region,” said Rubio. “By the way, in this body we have endeavored to address one of those challenges in Venezuela – an outrage, a place full of corruption and human rights violations, an anti-American government that does everything possible to undermine us and our interests, not just the interests of their own people.   “And we’ve been blocked in our efforts to address it because somehow the Venezuelan government, acting through Citgo, a wholly owned company of the Venezuelan government, got lobbyists to come here to the Senate and lobby for blockage and stoppage of a measure that we were ready to pass by unanimous consent,” Rubio added. “And so I come to the floor to ask the Majority Leader to please schedule a vote on these sanctions on Venezuela because it will pass overwhelmingly.    “Do not allow lobbyists for the Venezuelan government to be able to come to Washington, D.C. and impede action on this matter,” Rubio concluded.  
It was great to see Betty Ruth, Executive Director of RSVP-Athens, Alabama in DC today!
Sen. Sessions is now speaking on the Senate floor on the collusion between the White House, Senate Democrats, and immigration and corporate lobbyists on the President’s planned executive orders. In his remarks, Senator Sessions will issue a specific challenge. You can watch live here:
Sen. Sessions, Ranking Member of the Senate Budget Committee, sounded an alarm yesterday over a government policy that currently allows welfare recipients to make cash withdrawals at ATMs located inside marijuana dispensaries.
Looking forward to welcoming Carly Fiorina to South Carolina for the first of my #WomenInLeadership discussion series. Learn more: ow.ly/Blvss
Thank you to the men and women in uniform who make tremendous sacrifices to serve our nation. #USO
The Battle of Lake Erie took place on September 10, 1813. The U.S. Naval Fleet, stationed at Presque Isle Bay, consisted of nine vessels and was under the command of Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry.   The fleet sustained heavy losses and damages during the first two hours of the battle. During this time, Commodore Perry's flagship, the U.S. Brig Lawrence, was disabled and suffered 80 percent casualties. Even after the Lawrence was disabled, Commodore Perry refused to surrender. Rather, he courageously boarded a small rowboat, traversed a half-mile through hostile waters, and transferred his command to the U.S. Brig Niagara.  Upon assuming control of the Niagara, Commodore Perry was able to outmaneuver the entire British fleet and forced their subsequent surrender. The victory solidified American control of Lake Erie for the duration of the conflict, enabling U.S. forces to retake Detroit and win further battles in the Old Northwest and the Niagara Valley.
Arnold Palmer represents the best of Pennsylvania. Happy birthday to the King!
Today I attended the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in honor of the Fallen Heroes of 9/11. Joined by my colleagues and the U.S. Army Band, we paid tribute to the victims and their families, and the first responders who ran towards chaos and destruction in order to save lives. #NeverForget
The Department of Transportation has awarded a $17.8 million grant for a collaborative initiative to support job growth by improving roadways in Claiborne, Franklin, and Jefferson counties. Improving these transportation routes is important to public safety and helps support economic growth in the region.
NA
