Yesterday Senator Ayotte played in the sixth annual Congressional Women's Softball Game.  Each year the Women of Congress take on the Press Corps for a match that benefits the Young Survival Coalition, an organization devoted to helping young women diagnosed with breast cancer.  This year the Women of Congress took back the trophy!! #CWSG
As part of her ongoing efforts to address the nation's growing heroin and prescription drug epidemics, Senator Ayotte (R-NH) has introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN) that aims to stop the abuse of prescription pain medication while also giving law enforcement the tools they need to prevent heroin use and addiction. Read more: 
The #EPA’s proposed water rule is another blatant overreach into American’s private lives and property by the Obama Administration. I co-sponsored a bill today with Senator Barrasso and 28 of our colleagues to block this EPA takeover of private and state waters.
Federal spending bills need to come to the floor, members need to be allowed to challenge them, and we need to move forward with the priorities that have been set for people in the public and constitutional way.
Every November 11th as a nation we take time to honor our veterans and reflect upon their service. These men and women selflessly give of themselves to defend our freedoms, and we are constantly humbled by their strength and courage. This year we would like to recognize our veterans who have served post 9/11 in a special “Welcome Home” tribute. It is my hope that the Senate will swiftly pass this bipartisan resolution so communities around our great nation can plan events for our post 9/11 warriors.  
Today I spoke on the floor about the growing threat in the Middle East.  I understand that our nation is weary of war.  I respect the sacrifices made by our service members and I work every day to ensure that our brave men and women, our veterans, are provided the care and treatment they deserve.  Their efforts should not be in vain.  Our service members served and sacrificed overseas so we could be safe at home.  We cannot in good faith let the Administration dishonor their efforts with a misguided policy.  The continued draw down of U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan will provide Al Qaeda, the Taliban and the Haqqani network with a safe haven to train operatives and plot further attacks against the United States of America and our allies.  Contrary to the campaign statement of the President and Vice President, Al Qaeda is not on the run.  I urge this Administration to avoid further actions that may endanger our nation.  Watch my floor speech below.
Did you get our latest newsletter sent to your email? If not, signup so you don't miss out. http://1.usa.gov/1lFmB0b
If you missed the interview with KASU Public Radio yesterday morning follow the link below to listen.
Getting ready to talk with The Alice Stewart Show. Listen to our live interview in 5 minutes.
The Environmental Protection Agency is trying every possible scheme to take over private and state waters in our country. Today, 29 Senators joined me in introducing a bill to stop the EPA’s extreme rule that will severely restrict homeowners and individual landowners in Wyoming and across America from making local land and water decisions. Congress already rejected the EPA’s first attempt to enact this rule – and we’ll continue do everything possible to make sure it’s never final.  
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is claiming that the agency lost the e-mails of Lois Lerner, the former director of the IRS Exempt Organizations Unit, and six of her IRS subordinates. By law, the IRS is required to archive these emails.  In 2010, under the direction of Lerner, the IRS targeted conservative groups for additional scrutiny when applying for a tax-exempt status. A huge trust deficit exists between the American people and Washington, and there is no better example of why than the ongoing scandal at the IRS.   To claim that two years of emails were completely and inadvertently lost is laughable on its face and potentially criminal. The IRS’s original actions to target groups based on political viewpoints were outrageous and disgraceful. To refuse to answer questions and provide evidence about the IRS’s illegal actions is a despicable abuse of power and a direct assault on our Constitution.
NA
It is always a privilege to present Congressional Award Gold Medals  to Idaho students.  Congratulations to Matthew of Caldwell, Devon of Ketchum and Cynthia of Shelley!  #GOLD2014
Congratulations to Connor Hoehle of Yarmouth on receiving the Gold Congressional Award Medal!  Connor earned this honor by logging more than 500 hours of voluntary community service, competing in a 5k winter race, and reaching several other impressive personal development achievements.  Way to go!
Maine Military Authority in Limestone is awarded a $19 million contract to refurbish aging Massachusetts bus fleet.  Good economic news for the excellent workforce at MMA and the County.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1yoiueS
Had a great time meeting with the Texans from Close Up, who are in DC to learn more about how our democracy works.
Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Cuellar Demand Answers From HHS on Security of Unaccompanied Minors Against Traffickers:
Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Cuellar Demand Answers From Obama Administration On Growing Humanitarian Crisis in South Texas:
Cornyn op-ed: Five things Obama must do to fix the border crisis
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 60 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
On Iraq and Iran, bad choices leave us with bad options.
An American hero: Kyle Carpenter threw himself upon a grenade to save his fellow Marines. We can never thank you enough for your service.
Watch as Senate Democrats refuse to say if Congress should have the power to ban books, movies, or groups such as the NAACP, the Sierra Club, or the NRA from engaging in political speech.  
The IRS can't even keep track of its own employees' emails, but will propose new rules to limit YOUR free speech. #AbolishTheIRS
America is on a collision course with the consequences of its addiction to spending money it doesn’t have. Without decisive action and a plan to rein in endless government spending, our country will face a true fiscal crisis in the coming years. That’s why I reintroduced my Penny Plan today to take into account our additional fiscal challenges. We can balance the budget by cutting total spending by 1 percent for just 3 years. Then we can start paying down the $17 trillion national debt. I was joined by Senators John Barrasso, Rand Paul, Jim Risch, David Vitter, Johnny Isakson, and Marco Rubio. 
Senator Barrasso and I had the pleasure of meeting with Kera Gallinger from Casper in my D.C. office, who at only 11 years old won the 2014 Jefferson Award, which recognizes those individuals who perform community and public service that make the world a better place. Kera started a yearly food drive when she was in first grade and now has collected over 12,000 non-perishable food items. Kera is a wonderful example of how one person can make a real difference in their community through hard work, no matter their age.
The next American energy revolution will be paved by those who use their ingenuity to discover clean, more abundant uses of all the energy resources that we’ve been blessed with. But regulations aimed at coal, especially those announced in the last month, are endangering that future. America should have an “all of the above” energy policy. This means developing new technology and advancing our uses of all energy, and not just those with the loudest political base. Let’s turn American ingenuity loose for a better tomorrow.
Great to visit with Nebraska FFA and Close Up students. Enjoy the rest of your trip to DC!
Today I met with participants from Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service to listen to their personal stories of resettling in Nebraska.
In the wake of disaster, Nebraskans are stepping up. Yesterday, 1,800 volunteers registered to help the town of Pilger recover and several organizations are now accepting donations for recovery efforts. Learn more about how you can help here: http://www.1011now.com/home/headlines/Tornado-Disaster-Relief--How-You-Can-Help-263494831.html
I was honored to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony for Corporal Kyle Carpenter.  Falling on a grenade to protect his fellow Marine is the ultimate act of courage and sacrifice.  Kyle represents everything great about the United States, South Carolina, and the Marine Corps.    President Obama also did an outstanding job of honoring Kyle and explaining his sacrifice to our nation.    The Carpenters are an incredible family and they were rightly bursting with pride today.  God bless Kyle, his family, and all who serve our great nation.
Members of the Carroll Area Development Corporation met with Senator Grassley Wednesday during their visit to Washington, D.C.  They spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their community including: clean water regulations, natural gas transmission, and the Rural Hospital Demonstration Program.
Always enjoy seeing North Dakotans in Washington, D.C., and was glad to meet today with a great group of Medina High School students.
Enjoyed speaking with the North Dakota FFA students visiting Washington, D.C. to further their efforts to strengthen our state's ag industry.
On Oct. 29, 2013, I sent a letter with Sens. Levin, McCain, Menendez, Corker, and Graham urging the President to increase logistics support, intelligence sharing, security assistance, and arms sales and training to Iraq. Today President Obama said he is ready to provide these means to Iraq, but once again, the President is doing too little, too late. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/download/?id=8f6687b3-7409-44fc-b660-2dd0b42ea52a&download=1
It was a pleasure to meet with the 44 students from Oklahoma that are traveled this week to Washington with the 4-H Youth Development Program!
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe is on live now with KFAQ's Pat Campbell talking about Iraq as well as our veterans.
I delivered this speech today to outline the bigger picture of the conservative reform agenda.  I have noticed when I share information about specific proposals of this agenda, that many of you wonder why I am focusing on transportation funding, workplace flexibility, prison sentencing reform, and other issues, when our country is facing so many big challenges.  This speech is an answer to those concerns.  To fix our broken government it’s not enough simply to roll back ineffective policies that concentrate power in Washington—we must also roll out bold conservative reforms that empower the people closest to the problems to test and refine solutions that work best for their communities.
I enjoyed greeting students from Frankfort High School prior to their United States Capitol tour today. While they enjoyed their time in Washington, D.C., they were ready to get back home to Kansas. Travel safely!
Yesterday I met with General Frank Grass, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, to discuss a number of important budgetary issues that could impact the readiness and missions of our Kansas National Guard. General Grass is a Missouri Guardsman with strong ties to the Midwest. He understands the importance of preserving missions that are unique to Kansas.   The General was extremely complimentary of the work conducted by civilians and Kansas Guard in the Kansas Intelligence Fusion Center, which he visited in August 2013. Specifically, we agreed that it is critical to grow cyber capabilities to make certain our military is ready to combat cyber threats. General Grass also seemed eager to learn about the distinctive Air National Guard cyber unit in Kansas — the 177th Information Aggressor Squadron — at McConnell Air Force Base. I look forward to working with him to preserve the unique capabilities and skills Kansas National Guardsmen offer our country and our great state.
I love this video tribute to the Harry Race Pharmacy in Sitka, up for 'Good Neighbor Pharmacy of the Year' in a nationwide contest.  Small town people looking after one another with care. They've got my vote! Any Alaskan wanting to give them a hand in the contest, head to http://www.mygnp.com/
We have it in our power to increase our nation's energy needs with liquified natural gas and help out our allies worldwide, but we've just got to do a better job at expediting export licenses -- both for our economy and our national security.
I want to thank Sonta Hamilton Roach, a teacher at Innoko River School in Shageluk for traveling all the way to Washington, DC to share her thoughts about my legislation to protect and preserve Native languages -- and the challenges she faces in the classroom.
Two Administrations' mistakes cost Christians their lives, homes & traditions in Iraq.   READ:http://atfp.co/1piTgs2
Words can't express what an honor it was to spend time with today's Medal of Honor recipient Marine Corporal Kyle Carpenter yesterday. An amazing man. An amazing Marine, and an inspiration to us all.
Earlier today, Senator Rubio addressed the importance of restoring American values during a speech at the Faith and Freedom Coalition’s 2014 Road to Majority Policy Conference
ICYMI: Rubio: Situation In Iraq Puts American Lives At Risk: http://1.usa.gov/1qgTAZN  Rubio: “This matters because we can never again allow a radical terrorist group linked to Al Qaeda, or anyone for that matter, to set up safe havens from which they can carry out attacks against America. 9/11 may have never happened if Al Qaeda didn’t have a safe harbor and a safe haven in Afghanistan. We can’t allow that to happen again. We just can’t. American lives are put at risk by this.”
NA
Honored to be in attendance for Cpl. Carpenter's Medal of Honor ceremony. We are eternally grateful for his sacrifice.
 The Young People's Chorus of Erie rocked the Russell rotunda! 
The government's wasteful #sugar program harms food manufacturers, kills jobs and forces Americans to pay more just to feed their families. Congress can - and should - rein it in. First step: stop using taxpayers' money on this indefensible program.
Today, Senator Cochran and I cosponsored a bill to stop a far-reaching regulatory scheme that would expand the federal government’s regulation of water sources. Like many of you, I am opposed to this extreme example of the Obama Administration’s regulatory overreach.
Corporal Carpenter’s acts of heroism demonstrate the highest form of bravery and selfless sacrifice. He fought not only to save the life of his fellow Marine, but also for the protection of all Americans. We extend our deepest gratitude for his courageous deeds and are thankful for his incredible recovery.
The Hospital Readmission Reduction Program unfairly targets many Mississippi hospitals, which serve high-risk and vulnerable populations, for high readmission rates. This new bill would help protect our state’s hospitals by requiring CMS to use practical and impartial data to determine these rates going forward.
