Today at Calderwood Dam near Maryville, Sen. Alexander praised an agreement to preserve nearly 4,000 acres of land connecting the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and Cherokee National Forest.  Alexander, who considers the Smokies an important source of Tennessee tourism jobs in addition to recreation, said: “Today’s announcement means tens of thousands of Tennesseans and visitors will be able to continue to enjoy more hiking, hunting, fishing and boating.”  Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you have visited these Tennessee mountains—or if you call them “home.” http://tinyurl.com/c4gysjf
Today, Granite Staters pause to remember the Old Man of the Mountain. He was lost 10 years ago today, but lives on in the hearts of the people of New Hampshire.  http://www.ayotte.testing.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=935
As demonstrated by the recent FAA furloughs, President Obama is trying to make sequestration unnecessarily painful for average Americans. All of this is avoidable. Read my take in today's Washington Post.
During a recent appearance on a radio show, Harry Reid said the following about Obamacare, “Max [Baucus] said unless we implement this properly it’s going to be a train wreck, and I agree with him.”   “Like” if you think Obamacare is going to be a train wreck.
We're in Little Rock today. This morning we talked with the Delta Grassroots Caucus about economic development efforts in Eastern Arkansas and the Delta region. Congratulations on the $200 million investments announced this week.
Talked to FOX News’ Bill Hemmer this morning on “America’s Newsroom” about how today’s jobs report would be better without Obamacare regulations weighing down job creators.
Great news for Rexburg and eastern Idaho with the opening of the new maternity center at Madison Memorial Hospital.
NA
Who thinks America's immigration system is working as it should?
Later on Thursday, Senator Corker met with business and community leaders at an event hosted by the Bristol Chamber of Commerce. In this photo, the senator talks with Lt. Governor Ron Ramsey before speaking to the group at Bristol Motor Speedway.
Senator Corker was in the Tri-Cities on Thursday, where he met with constituents in Washington and Sullivan counties to discuss our country’s no. 1 economic and national security issue: getting our fiscal house in order. Corker began the day in Johnson City, meeting with students, faculty and local business leaders at an event hosted by East Tennessee State University.
A great honor to address the NRA convention this afternoon in Houston.
April '13: 165,000 new jobs under Obama: http://fxn.ws/12vXCzc  September '83: Over 1 million new jobs under Reagan: http://cnnmon.ie/Azu4Vg
Enjoyed the chance to spend the evening with my friends at the Institute for Policy Innovation.
NA
Pritzker nomination
This morning at the Hoff Peace Officers Memorial, we honored our fellow Nevadans’ heroic acts of courage. #BattleBorn
“These Army veterans played courageous roles in our state’s long, proud history of service in America’s armed forces, and we thank them for their sacrifices. We are honored to award Former Sergeant Tofteland with a long overdue Purple Heart and the other military honors he earned while serving in Vietnam. We are grateful that Former Private First Class Swital will again have the military awards he earned during his eight years of service to our nation. These awards are just one token of our gratitude for the many sacrifices these veterans made defending our freedoms.”
“Marjorie Johnson embodies what this federal support is all about. We have worked over the past two years to bring the resources needed to help Marjorie and others recover their homes and renew their city following the worst natural disaster in Minot’s history. Together, we are building a stronger city and a brighter future for everyone.” More info at: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=554c0302-a97a-491b-b583-8bcb619d8f9e
"Virtually every DOD witness who has come before the Armed Services Committee this year has testified that an additional round of sequestration in fiscal year 2014 would be devastating  for the Department."   Today, Chairman Carl Levin and I sent a letter to Sec. Hagel requesting a detailed plan for the implementation of the $52 billion sequester cuts facing the Department of Defense in FY 2014.  Having already endured almost $600 billion in defense cuts under the Obama Administration, it is important my colleagues and the American public have a clear understanding of what the future holds for our military capabilities and overall national security. Please take a moment to read the letter.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/levin-inhofe-seek-hagels-guidance-on-defense-budget-cuts
When we experience temperatures not to our liking, it gets labeled as global warming in the summer and climate change in the winter. Waking up to frost on my windshield in May made it a little confusing just what my climate alarmist friends would say we’re experiencing here in Oklahoma.    Yesterday’s temperatures were 10-20 degrees below average across the state, and April brought some of the coldest days in our state’s history. Our farmers are suffering because of it with wheat output expected to drop by nearly 50 percent this year due to the late-season freezes. All the while, activists are relentless in their attempts to drum up global warming hysteria blaming our state’s successful energy sector for extreme heat temperatures. The activists will expect Oklahomans to forget about our cold spring the moment a hot summer day sets in, but Oklahomans won’t be fooled – not when our crops have been affected and our job-creating energy sector is being attacked.   President Obama and others in his cabinet renewed their promise to confront the ‘threat’ of climate change, yet the mainstream media has said their efforts have been subpar as of recent. The Economist reported in March that scientists are beginning to backtrack their concerns for man-made climate change, citing that temperatures globally have not risen over the past decade. Maybe it’s time some of this hot air surrounding the global warming debate be sent down here to relieve Oklahomans and our farmers.
I enjoyed discussing the federal budget with Representative Mark Pocan last night. You can watch the video here: http://www.wpt5.org/Here_and_Now/ron-johnson-mark-pocan-discuss-federal-budget
Congratulations to Poland on its Constitution Day! 222 years ago on May 3rd, 1791 Poland adopted Europe's first modern codified Constitution. Poland continues to be a strong democratic ally and I will continue to urge the State Department to include Poland in the Visa Waver Program.
NA
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to speak to the Sabetha Kiwanis Club. I enjoyed hearing the perspectives of attendees on a range of topics, from the importance of protecting Second Amendment rights to making certain those in rural American have access to quality health care. We lead a special way of life in Kansas, one that is worth fighting to preserve for the next generation. That fight has been and will continue to be my focus. Thanks again to Doug Clark for the invitation to visit, and to the Sabetha Kiwanis Club invite and Club President Roger Young for the warm welcome.
We must never allow government contracts to be used to funnel money to enemies of America. I recently cosponsored the Never Contract with the Enemy Act (S. 675), legislation based upon lessons from U.S. operations in Afghanistan. This law would improve oversight and enable swifter termination of contracts being used to transfer U.S. tax dollars to opposing forces.
Yesterday, I had the opportunity to meet with Keith Imholte of SKF SEALING SOLUTIONS. SKF is an international company, but has had a presence in Nemaha County for almost 40 years. The Seneca plant manufactures more than 2,800 types of sealing parts and provides jobs to folks in five Northeast Kansas counties.
This week, I stopped by the FAA Air Route Control Center in Olathe and visited with control center staff, members of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association, and Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland. 
 
 The control center is one of 20 in the United States that directs air traffic in our country, and it was fascinating to see the equipment and technology used to keep our skies safe for air travelers.
Today in Kansas, flags are being flown at half-staff for the 31st annual Kansas Law Enforcement Memorial Ceremony. The ceremony will honor two Topeka police officers who died in the line of duty last year and will take place at the Statehouse. I want to express my gratitude for their service and dedication to their communities and to our country.
Tomorrow morning at 6 a.m. I'll be on the Ag on 580 WIBW and the Kansas Agriculture Network. I hope you'll tune in to hear me discuss agriculture and issues affecting Kansans.
Always great to be back in Fairbanks, especially for a fun event like the 10th Annual Spring Ladies Lunch.  Today I spoke about the importance of energy to women: we need to have a secure energy future to have secure families.
My subsistence listening session in Glennallen is starting in less than an hour at the high school.  Remember that if you can't make it there, you can watch live online by clicking on the feature item on my website, Murkowski.Senate.Gov, and that will send you to the live-stream.
I hope you and your families can enjoy Ohio's Free Fishing Days on May 4th & 5th. Here are a couple of my favorite Ohio fishing photos – my brother and me with Dad when we were young and me fishing with my kids.
NA
Today’s jobs numbers remind us that our labor force participation rate remained at the lowest level since 1979, meaning millions still have yet to see a real recovery and have given up hope of new opportunity.
Much of our foreign aid has no oversight. The waste and fraud that occurs remains classified information. I say we release this information so Americans can have a look at how their government is spending their tax dollars.
I want to congratulate my friend Terry on his new position. As we begin debating the next Farm Bill, I look forward to his continued advice and counsel. 
NA
More than 30 million immigrants will be granted legal status in 10 years; an additional 25 million will be granted temporary work visas, bringing the total to 57 million.
March 25, 2013
As a member of the Senate Energy Committee, I enjoyed touring SCANA's Summer Nuclear Generating Station in Fairfield County this afternoon.
Great seeing everyone at Union County High School this morning!
Please share and spread the word about this women's retreat for veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan on May 11. This is an opportunity for women to come together in a supportive environment and share their experiences. To our vets, thank you and God bless.
My regional manager, Steve Kelly, presented a letter of thanks to Selinsgrove High School student Leah Musser for voicing her support for combat valor medals in The Daily Item. Leah wrote, “Soldiers and drone pilots both do important work to keep our country safe, but the field soldiers face real danger each mission.” I couldn't agree more. To her left is her teacher, Mr. Harvey Edwards, who initially assigned her class the project of submitting a letter to the editor on an issue of interest.
