Stopped by WZID Manchester Christmas is for Kids Radiothon in support of Child and Family Services of New Hampshire.
Great to be at Big Brothers Big Sisters of Greater Manchester's 11th annual Start Something Big Breakfast this morning!  Wonderful organization that makes a positive difference in the lives of so many children in New Hampshire.
The Boxer-Blunt U.S. Israel Strategic Partnership Act passed the House and is on its way to the White House. This bipartisan bill is an important demonstration of both the House and Senate’s commitment to supporting our nation’s longstanding ally, Israel. I’m looking forward to the President signing this critical legislation.
We sat down with Capitol View's David Goins to talk about the lame duck session. Tune to KARK 4 News Sunday at 8:30 a.m. to watch the interview.
I support construction of the Keystone pipeline. This project is important to Arkansas businesses like Little Rock’s Welspun Tubular hired to make the pipe. I’m touring the facility today where hundreds of miles of pipe for the project is being stored in the company’s shipping yard. I’m confident we’ll have the votes to approve this project in the next Congress.
I join with all Hoosiers in mourning the loss of this heroic young man who paid the ultimate price for his country. His brave service will not be forgotten. My thoughts and prayers are with Matthew’s family and friends during this extremely difficult time.
NA
Today President Obama will nominate Dr. Ashton Carter to be the next Secretary of Defense. I welcome that nomination. Should Dr. Carter take over the helm at the Defense Department, it would coincide with an ominous development on a national security issue that he and I have dealt with together in the past. In 2008, we worked on a Bipartisan Policy Center report entitled Meeting the Challenge: U.S. Policy Toward Iranian Nuclear Development. I spoke about Dr. Carter and Iran on the Senate floor last night.
7,000 likes! Thanks for following Idaho. Hit “share” and “like” to help me reach 8,000. #idpol
Great lunch at Annabella's Bakery & Cafe in Richmond today!
A frigid start to the day on the new Maine Kennebec River Bridge connecting Richmond and Dresden!  But students from Marcia Buker Elementary School, Dresden Elementary School, and the Richmond High School Band warmed the day with their great spirit and music.  As Ranking Member of the Senate Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Collins secured a $10.8 million federal grant to help pay to replace the aging bridge.
Ezra’s smile caught my attention while she watched a press conference outside the Capitol. It was an honor to meet Ezra, her sister Estelle and the rest of her family. Thank you to Ezra’s father for his service in the Coast Guard. Best wishes to this family and all military families during the Holiday season.
Our nation was founded on a revolutionary concept: no man is above the law. Especially, the President of the United States.   #StopObamasAmnesty
We will fund the operation of the federal government, but we will not allocate taxpayer dollars to illegal amnesty.  #StopObamasAmnesty
I would urge every politician who spent the last year campaigning across this country saying, "if you elect me we will stop President Obama’s Amnesty", do what you promised. Honor your commitment to the American people and to the Constitution.   #StopObamasAmnesty
Go #Orion. A huge step toward taking humans farther than they've ever gone before!
Congress passed legislation this week targeting Nazis. Yes, Nazis. There was a loophole in current law that allowed Nazis who had left America to still collect Social Security benefits. No longer. Of course war criminals should not be receiving any taxpayer-funded benefits. I am an original cosponsor of this bill that is on its way to the president for his signature.
Ashton Carter has the knowledge and capability to serve as Secretary of Defense during these difficult times. He has proven to be a leading voice when it comes to articulating the damage done to our military by budget cuts.   I expect he will face tough questions at his confirmation hearing about President Obama’s failing national security policy, but I expect he will be confirmed.
NA
My Minot office has moved. We look forward to continuing to serve the people of the Minot region from our new location in the federal building (100 1st Street SW, Suite 107). Our regional offices provide a local contact for North Dakotans who need information or assistance with federal issues.
Did you know that today, you can now get gas for under $2 in Oklahoma City? The last time that gas prices were this low was on July 30, 2010. Read more here:   http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-12-03/first-u-s-gas-station-drops-below-2-a-gallon.html
I welcome the nomination of Dr. Ash Carter to be the next Secretary of Defense.  I have worked with Dr. Carter over the years and consider him qualified for the position and look forward to his confirmation hearing.  The unanswered question is how much influence Dr. Carter will have on one of the most dangerously insular White House’s in recent history.  Our military and national security face a daunting set of challenges ranging from the devastating impact of defense sequestration to a lack of an effective strategy to combat ISIL, a resurgent Russia, and increased tensions in the Asia Pacific.  Now more than ever the President needs the candid and independent counsel of his senior civilian and military officials to reverse the failures of the last six years, most importantly ending sequestration budget cuts to the Department of Defense. http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/12/05/uk-usa-defense-carter-idUKKCN0JJ1NK20141205
Together with Governor Rauner we will bring prosperity back to #Illinois.
Saturday is Thank A Miner Day. It’s a good day to remember that the Kentucky coal miner is the heir to a long and storied tradition. In fact, coal mining goes back to before Kentucky was even a state.  Dr. Thomas Walker in 1750 was the first person recorded in history to discover and use coal in Kentucky. His discovery would alter the course of a Commonwealth, and change the lives of millions of Kentuckians he’d never meet.  Mining technologies have come a long way since the 18th century. But in a world that sometimes no longer seems to value sweat and hard work, today’s miners are still working hard every day. They’re putting food on the table and giving their families a better life.  Yes, coal mining provides many good paying jobs for Kentuckians. But for so many, coal mining is more than just a job. It’s a heritage worth protecting and preserving.
While in Manhattan this afternoon, I had the opportunity to tour Mercy Regional Health Center (MRHC). MRHC is a 150-bed hospital providing a wide range of health care services to the Manhattan community and the surrounding area. During my visit, we discussed various topics including the impact of the Affordable Care Act and other federal policies on community hospitals and other health care providers. The ability of our providers to meet the needs of patients is greatly affected by decisions in Washington, D.C. I will continue to make certain I understand the effects of these policy decisions through conversations with Kansas health care providers. Thanks to MRHC CFO Jim Fraser for guiding my tour and to Jana Bowman for coordinating my visit.  [Pictured here: Back row (left to right): Joan Hoch, RN; Michelle Palmer, Sterile Processing Supervisor; Charisa Slingsby, RN; and Kristen Allen, Surgical Coordinator. Front row (left to right): Joe Buser, Surgical Assistant; Kathleen Foy, Unit Clerk; Sara Myers, RN; and Katee Nelson, RN.]
Back from Washington today, I appreciated the opportunity to tour and visit with employees of New Horizons RV in Junction City. Here, some of those employees are proudly standing in front of one of the quality homes they build. We visited about a number of issues, but our conversation focused on how the VA is failing them in their health and disability needs.   New Horizons is a family owned and managed company that has been building RVs for more than 25 years. Thanks to New Horizons President and CEO Phil Brokenicky for the informative tour.
Only in Alaska would we have a Santa on a Black Hawk helicopter!  The joint “mission” between the Air and Army National Guard spreads the good cheer of Santa to literally tens of thousands of children in Alaska---bringing children a new gift and a book and a goodie bag filled with fresh fruit, water, a toothbrush and toothpaste and school supplies. Operation Santa Claus is such a great annual tradition for rural Alaska that’s been going on for decades!
Even when they return home from conflict, our men and women in uniform still fight internally against the scars of war and despair. That’s why I am proud that a priority of mine to intelligently track military suicides to treat trauma more effectively has been added to the National Defense Authorization Act, which is headed to the Senate floor for a vote.
Visited the National Center for Water Quality Research at Heidelberg University today to discuss ways we can improve water quality for Ohioans.
Cops Seize Man's Property, Freeze Bank Accounts—And He Wishes They Would Charge Him with a Crime #passFAIRAct http://reason.com/blog/2014/12/03/cops-seize-mich-mans-property-freeze-ban
MUST-READ: 'How to Fight Civil Forfeiture' via @Reason http://reason.com/archives/2014/11/29/how-to-fight-civil-forfeiture
It has been great catching up with friends and legislators this week. I am joined here with Ranae Estes, Rep. Ron Ryckman Sr. (R-Meade) and his wife Mary Ryckman. I am grateful for their counsel and look forward to a new year working together on behalf of Kansas!
MUST READ: Senator Roberts' op-ed on the Lois Lerner - IRS investigations in today's Washington Times. This investigation is not over — not by a long shot.  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/dec/4/pat-roberts-irs-targeting-missing-emails-investiga/print/
Rubio Congratulates NASA On Success Of Orion Test Flight: http://1.usa.gov/1vUGBA5  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the successful test flight of NASA’s Orion spacecraft from Kennedy Space Center:   “I’d like to congratulate NASA, Florida’s entire space community and all the dedicated Americans who worked to make Friday’s test flight of the Orion spacecraft an overwhelming success. The Exploration Flight Test 1 mission was an important step forward in mankind’s quest to discover and explore the solar system, and in our country’s goal of one day leaving boot prints on Mars. It’s a testament to American ingenuity and only the latest of many recent glimpses into what lies ahead for the American people in the 21st century.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWLdQ1I4QN0
The President's nominee for Secretary of Defense, Ashton Carter, has a wealth of experience that I hope will lead to solid decision making and long-term strategic thinking. I look forward to learning more about his ideas and abilities through the confirmation process.     However, it does not matter how qualified a nominee is for Secretary of Defense if the White House will not engage them in decision making. The new Secretary must be empowered to develop a cohesive long-term plan to combat threats such as ISIS. America cannot continue to lead from behind on issues of national security at home and abroad, and this administration needs to let military and defense experts, not politics, drive our policies.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-nomination-ashton-carter-secretary-defense
On this day in 1933, Pennsylvania, Utah, and Ohio approved the 21st amendment, fully ratifying the repeal of prohibition. Today, Pennsylvania is home to more than 100 breweries throughout the state. #Cheers #PatsFacts http://bit.ly/patsfacts
