Today Sen. Alexander said he supported the subpoena issued by House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa, R-Calif., for Obamacare exchange documents Alexander and Issa previously requested. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you support this subpoena to stop the Obama administration from “keeping Congress and the entire American public in the dark.” http://1.usa.gov/1aXlWOF
ICYMI: Last night, on FOX Business's "The Willis Report" with Gerri Willis, Sen. Alexander talked about his call for Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to resign over the implementation of the Obamacare exchanges. Alexander said: "She should step down. If this was the private sector, that kind of performance would not be tolerated.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree.
NA
AMAZING SOX WIN!!!!!!!! WORLD SERIES CHAMPS!!!!! #BostonStrong
I am committed to fighting for Missourians who are being crushed by ObamaCare, but I need your input. Please share your story of how this costly law is impacting you, your family, and your community by visiting my website or by sending me a tweet using #MoObamaCareImpact.
This week, I joined Senator Marco Rubio and seven of our colleagues to introduce the "Delay Until Fully Functional Act." This bill would delay the individual mandate until six months after the Government Accountability Office (GAO) certifies that the exchange website is fully functional. Until we can achieve the real solution of repealing this law and replacing it with market-based reforms, delaying the individual mandate is the only fair course of action.
I just introduced a bill that will help folks in Wyoming by stopping the Administration from holding public land-use permits hostage in an attempt to acquire private water rights.  We won’t sit back and let Washington attempt to bully our farmers, ranchers and other multiple use permit holders. Congress needs to pass our bill immediately and prevent Washington from extorting Americans’ private water rights.
NA
As former Ambassador to Germany, I know good Bavarian food when I see it. Thank you Schnitzelbank Restaurant for hosting lunch today.
NA
If you and your children are going trick-or-treating this evening, I hope you have a fun and safe time. #Halloween #idpol
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I are co-sponsoring legislation known as the “If You Like Your Health Plan, You Can Keep It Act.”  During the debate over Obamacare, the President and others in the Administration repeatedly claimed, “if you like your health insurance, you will be able to keep it.”   Reports now indicate that keeping an existing plan may not be possible for millions of Americans comfortable with their policies, due to cancellation notices from health insurance providers under the new health care law.  Millions of Americans were misled by the administration in that if they liked their current health care coverage, they would be able to keep it.
VIDEO: I joined The Kudlow Report this evening to discuss today’s Budget Conference Committee meeting. Click the video below to hear my thoughts.
Staff members from Senator Collins’ Biddeford Constituent Service Center participated in the Heart of Biddeford’s Downtown Halloween event today. Together, they distributed candy and had an enjoyable time meeting hundreds of kids and their families. Happy Halloween!
Staff members from Senator Collins’ Biddeford Constituent Service Center participated in the Heart of Biddeford’s Downtown Halloween event today.  Together, they distributed candy and had an enjoyable time meeting hundreds of kids and their families.  Happy Halloween!
COGC & ATR Applaud Introduction of National Tax Transparency Act:
POTUS claims credit of deficit reduction caused by $600 billion tax increase he demanded and spending caps he hates.
Junior Texan Will Lourcey’s work providing meals to hungry children is an inspiration to all.  Congrats on being inducted in the Caring Hall of Fame.
Cornyn Bill to Protect Victims of Sexual Assault Passes Judiciary Committee:
Cornyn, Johnson Introduce A National Tax Transparency Act Following the Texas Model:
Will O-care actually increase # of uninsured because of ppl who can't keep what they already have and like?
Information for Those Affected by Severe Weather in Texas:
O-care roll out is evidence that central planning and federal government takeovers don't work.
POTUS has shifted the argument: From you can keep your health ins if you like it to if you lose your health ins under O-care it must be "substandard."
Michael Barone: Between 1970 and 2010 the population of New York state increased from 18 million to 19 million. In that same period, the population of Texas increased from 11 million to 25 million.
"I think a major reason why intellectuals tend to move towards collectivism is that the collectivist answer is a simple one. If there’s something wrong, pass a law and do something about it." -- Milton Friedman (1912-2006)
NYT's quote of the day" "Hold me accountable for the debacle. I'm responsible." KATHLEEN SEBELIUS
Adam Smith: "The statesman who should attempt to direct private people in what manner they ought to employ their capitals would not only load himself with a most unnecessary attention, but assume an authority which could safely be trusted, not only to no single person, but to no council or senate whatever, and which would nowhere be so dangerous as in the hands of a man who had folly and presumption enough to fancy himself fit to exercise it"
Next time you visit the Capitol, be sure to check out the bust of Prime Minister Winston Churchill in National Statuary Hall!
Millions of Americans are seeing their health insurance premiums skyrocket or losing coverage altogether. Obamacare is #AllTrickNoTreat #ObamaScare
What’s scarier than ghosts this Halloween?  #ObamaScare … because it’s real and it’s here. WATCH:
For hundreds of years people in Wyoming and the West have fought over it. Those who control it, control the means to live.  Few things are more precious and now the federal government is bullying people into turning their water rights over to Uncle Sam.  I joined Senator Barrasso in introducing legislation designed to put a stop to this abuse of power.
Last call! The deadline to apply for the spring U.S. Senate page program in Washington, D.C. is coming up on November 6. If you are a Wyoming junior in high school with at least a 3.0 grade point average, make sure to apply for this opportunity to learn firsthand how the U.S. Senate works and be a part of your nation’s history! Click on the link to learn how to apply.
Dems grasping at straws w/ unscrupulous attacks on GOP WRT DC Circuit nom Fact is that DC Circuit workload does not justify confirmation
SenMcConnell speech 2 Senate spouses said when Barb&I married almost 60 yrs only birds tweeted Now "Grassley Tweets more than the birds"
ICYMI: I spoke today about protecting privacy rights for millions of Americans. #NSA #Privacy WATCH:
“FEMA’s disaster declaration will provide much-needed assistance to the seven counties that have suffered significant damages during the severe winter storm that occurred earlier this month,” the delegation said in a joint statement. “These funds will prove especially impactful for our state’s rural cooperatives that incurred considerable costs trying to restore power and repair infrastructure damage caused by the storm.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=268ef870-eea6-4572-bc2a-350eb454a33a
Grateful to welcome another talented group of interns to my Washington, D.C. office this fall. They're bringing a lot of energy and skill to the work they are doing.
 
 We are always looking to welcome talented individuals to intern in my DC and state offices. Applications and informatoin available through my website. 
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships
I warned in 2011 that if the Obama Administration failed to negotiate a well-planned transition in Iraq, it would jeopardize the country’s long-term stability, and would threaten to undo all that American men and women in uniform fought and died for. Until Prime Minister Maliki takes the necessary steps to re-claim security and improve Iraq’s  structure in order to bring stability and prosperity to the Iraqi people, the situation will continue to deteriorate and U.S. security interests. President Obama must make clear the urgency of these reforms to Prime Minister Maliki during their meeting tomorrow.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-iraq-prime-ministers-white-house-meeting
If Iran is capable of negotiating while violating international law, the United States should be equally capable of negotiating while imposing new sanctions pressure. http://reut.rs/17vCjH6
The Senate unanimously passed my bill with Senator Durbin to expand school access to epinephrine, and now it goes to the President for his signature. This bill will save lives. http://1.usa.gov/1hxBS0t
59 million Americans can't access credit because they lack credit history. My bill with Senator Joe Manchin III would allow credit reporting agencies to use more complete information, such as on-time payment of utility bills, to evaluate credit worthiness. http://1.usa.gov/1h3PF0W
What's the scariest part of Halloween? Find out here: http://bit.ly/b-scared
I had the honor to meet with a great group of Utah veterans today during their #HonorFlight visit to DC.  
 
 There are more pictures here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/blog?ID=88afe9d6-83ad-4d78-a3dd-192e04d59779
#CoalKeepsTheLightsOn
Burlington, Ky. resident to McConnell: 'My wife & I are 54; We don't need maternity care & we don't need Obamacare.’
“We can help working Americans better balance the demands of work and family,” McConnell said on the Senate floor Thursday. “This bill will allow flexible work place arrangements. … It simply allows the option for employees to chose paid time off over work instead.”
“The Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act will help provide America’s workers with the flexible work arrangements they need. Countless Americans have become increasingly familiar over the past several years with the same reality: more and more to do, with less and less time to do it. And while Congress can’t legislate another hour in the day, we can help working Americans better balance the demands of work and family,” Senator McConnell said. “My legislation is a commonsense measure Congress can take to help alleviate that burden for millions of families by providing greater flexibility in managing their time.”
As a U.S. Senator, I am happy to give young people in Kansas the opportunity to learn about government and public service through Senate internships. Just a reminder that the application deadline for the Spring Session is tomorrow, Nov. 1. Please let your friends and family know if they might be interested. Applications can be submitted at the link below.
It's always a privilege to greet Kansas WWII veterans and thank them for their service.
It has been months since the Spring flooding in Galena and the community is still working to rebuild.  When I visited this summer, I found that FEMA wasn’t moving fast enough to help residents and may have been unprepared for the cultural and geographic challenges of a disaster in Alaska.  I have called for an investigation into what’s going on because this will not be the last natural disaster in our state, and I want to make sure mistakes are not repeated.
Happy Halloween, Alaska!  Today, I'm wearing the necklace one of my boys made for me in Kindergarten.  What are your Halloween traditions?
Why are US general aviation aircraft being stopped and searched by Customs & Border Protection when the aircraft hasn't crossed a US border?  Were Constitutional rights violated? See my letter to get answers on CBP unwarranted stops on general aviation aircraft:  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=a7bc0578-237e-425d-baf5-4a5c865ae3ba&ContentType_id=ae7a6475-a01f-4da5-aa94-0a98973de620&Group_id=d8ddb455-1e23-48dd-addd-949f9b6a4c1f
One year ago today I wrote the President following the terrorist attacks and the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi. As a former Marine, I was concerned about the damage it would do to those who serve our nation in harm's way. I am still waiting for a response. See my letter here: http://goo.gl/Ecer5X
Another great honor flight with our World War II and Korean War veterans today. God bless our Kansas Vets!
Rubio, Nelson Welcome Temporary Relief For Apalachicola Bay Water Crisis: http://1.usa.gov/17zT8hG   Washington, D.C. – The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) today announced it would grant economic injury loans under its disaster assistance program to residents of Franklin County, Florida to assist the area in coping with the economic hardships it is currently facing due to the water conditions in the Apalachicola Bay. Apalachicola is home to one of the largest commercial oyster fisheries in the U.S., and much of the local economy thrives on the health of the bay.
Senator Rubio Pushes for Delay on ObamaCare Mandate
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Pushes Legislation In Response To Glaring ObamaCare Problems: http://1.usa.gov/1aHFbgq  Rubio: “I want to fully repeal ObamaCare... But in the interim, we’re having real people call us every day about how concerned they are about the impact that it’s having on them.”
SENATOR SHELBY ASKS YOU TO SHARE YOUR OBAMACARE STORIES
 
 “I have received thousands of letters and phone calls about the disastrous effects of Obamacare. I want you to know that I hear you, and will continue to vigorously oppose Obamacare at every turn. But in the face of attempts by some to downplay the consequences of Obamacare, I believe it’s important that your story is heard more broadly. Write to me atwww.shelby.senate.gov and my office may contact you about sharing your story as well."
 
 Here is what one of Senator Shelby’s constituents in Athens had to say: 
 
 Note: This is an updated version of a previous post.
Sen. Sessions will be on Leland Live with co-host Cliff Sims at 5pm CT. You can listen here:
NA
In case you missed it, I sat down with American Spectator to discuss how we can improve education for all Americans and a little bit about my background.   Read it or watch the video here: http://spectator.org/archives/2013/10/31/great-scott/1
I oppose the UN Arms Trade Treaty.   Read my letter to the President here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/sites/default/files/documents/UNArmsTradeTreatyLetter.pdf
Glad that my press secretary, Steve Kelly, and staff from Rep. Patty Kim's office could put together a tour of the Pennsylvania State Capital for a local youth outreach group.
"My current health care coverage has been cancelled effective 12/31/2013." - Lebanon County, Pa. resident #Obamacare
Congrats to Freshpet Kitchens, which cut the ribbon on its new $26 million facility in Hanover Township, Northampton County. The 125 people at this plant work to distribute food and other products for cats and dogs to 11,000 stores nationwide. Glad my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, could be there on the big day.
Great to be with Ashley Palutis Fox43 on WPMT FOX43 this morning to talk about the need to end government by crisis and yesterday’s budget meeting.  http://goo.gl/a7w4Hy
Welcome Senator Cory Booker. Looking forward to working with you.
Good morning.  For those of you in the mid-state, I will be joining the FOX 43 morning news at 7:15 to discuss yesterday's budget conferee meeting.
NA
