Students from Pinkerton Academy stopped by Senator Ayotte's office last week during their visit to the nation's capital.
NA
NA
I questioned Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey at today’s Armed Services Committee hearing about the deadly attacks in Benghazi last year.
Many of you have recently asked about my position on Egypt. I have great concerns about the direction that the Egyptian government is heading under President Morsi’s oppressive leadership. That's why I'm cosponsoring a bill introduced by Senator Inhofe to delay the distribution of F-16s to Egypt until President Obama certifies to Congress that the Morsi regime will uphold its previous commitments under the Camp David Peace Accords, provide proper protection to U.S. Embassies, and bring stability to the country. http://1.usa.gov/WRKSDX
Today, I introduced a bill to improve America’s preparedness and response capabilities for chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats.    Whether these threats occur naturally, like pandemic flu, or are the result of an intentional attack, we must be prepared to quickly and effectively respond to all threats, including having necessary, life-saving medical countermeasures.  You can read more about this bill here: http://1.usa.gov/UFlym8
Here is what many Arkansans found in their inbox today. Did you get our latest Boozman Bulletin? If not, you can sign up on our homepage to get our next newsletter.
This week's column takes a look at the immigration reform proposals circulating Washington and lays out where we can make an immediate difference. One way is by holding employers accountable through E-Verify. Read more by clicking the link below.
I re-introduced the “Grazing Improvement Act” today. My bill will give our ranching communities the certainty and stability they need by extending permits and preserving grazing rights. It will keep Wyoming’s livestock producers on the land and in business.
Today, I joined Senator Orrin Hatch and 29 other Senators in calling on the President to not give unions special treatment under Obamacare.
I am pleased that several Senate Democrats now are supporting a full repeal of this misguided tax.
VIDEO: Maintaining our nations ports has to be a high priority as the Environment & Public Works Committee crafts our future water policy.  With Idaho being home to the farthest inland seaport on the West Coast, the Port of Lewiston, I know how important this is to trade and jobs in the state.
Earlier today, I spoke via teleconference with the Idaho Farm Bureau Federation. We talked about Washington needing to focus on spending reductions and crafting a good farm bill.
Senator Collins always makes it a priority to meet individually with Mainers -- either in Washington or at home in Maine.  Here are a few photos from meetings this week.
NA
Senator Collins is interviewed in this news story.  She explains that her concern is that if the Postal Service continues to cut services, it will drive away more customers.  Fewer customers means less revenue which could only hurt the Postal Service even further.
Speaking now on the Senate floor on the Violence Against Women Act. http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Today I joined Senators Pat Roberts, R-Kan., and Mark Udall, D-Colo., as a cosponsor of legislation to create a U.S. Senate Committee to Reduce Government Waste that would locate and eliminate ineffective, outdated or duplicative federal programs. It’s a simple but helpful way to cut down on spending and ease the national debt. Click the link below to learn more and read the bill language.
Ensuring that our nation is prepared and able to respond to a public health emergency is an essential part of our national security and an issue we can all get behind. Today I joined a group of bipartisan senators to introduce the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act, which will help guarantee America has the tools it needs for a well-developed and coordinated response to any biological disaster.
Fox News ran a spot today about Senator Marco Rubio and I working together to advance conservative principles in the immigration debate.
NA
Great column by George Will in the Washington Post today explaining why a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution is needed for Washington to make the tough choices. I support a Balanced Budget Amendment to set priorities and rein in spending.
After weeks of careful review and consideration, I cannot support Senator Chuck Hagel's nomination for Secretary of Defense. Read my op-ed in today’s Omaha World-Herald to learn why:
GRAHAM: Your testimony, as I understand it, Secretary Panetta, that you talked with the president of the United States one time?  PANETTA:  I talked -- talked to him on September 11th with regard to the fact that we were aware this attack was taking place.   GRAHAM:  One time?  PANETTA:  Right.   GRAHAM:  What time did you tell him that?   PANETTA:  I think that was approximately about 5:00 -- about 5:00.  GRAHAM:  General Dempsey, did you ever talk to the president of the United States at all?   PANETTA:  I was with the Secretary when -- at that same time.   GRAHAM:  Did you talk to the president?   DEMPSEY:  Yes.   GRAHAM:  You talked to him how many times?   DEMPSEY:  The same, one time.   GRAHAM:  How long did the conversation last?   DEMPSEY:  We were there in the office for probably 30 minutes.   GRAHAM:  So you talked to him for 30 minutes, one time, and you never talked to him again, neither one of you?  DEMPSEY:  Until afterwards.  GRAHAM:  Until after the attack was over.   DEMPSEY:  That's right.
Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta will testify on Benghazi this morning at 10 am.
Glad to welcome 2 my alma mater William Ruud as next president of the Univ. of Northern Iowa
Cong oversight of targeted killings resulted in PresObama releasing admin memos to intell cmtes. Shld incl Judiciary cmtes. Checks &balances
CMS Releases Final Rule on Physician Payment Disclosure
Iowa could lose millions on Russian ban of U.S. beef, pork imports
Today I introduced the Federal Communications Commission Collaboration Act with Senator Amy Klobuchar to help streamline decision-making.  http://1.usa.gov/XXX6ak
"This is the kind of legislation that will not only help to create jobs in North Dakota and Eastern Montana, but will also help us to achieve our long-sought goal of energy security. Currently, it takes about 180 to 270 days to permit an oil well on BLM land in North Dakota, compared to only about ten days on private lands. This is a no-cost solution that will help to make the federal permitting process more efficient.”
NA
This is the latest example proving that the Interior Department's mission under this president is to remove as much land as possible from state and private ownership.  Meanwhile, the economies of our local communities continue to suffer, unable to build small businesses, create jobs or generate revenue.  If the Interior Department continues to absorb the land around the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, it is only fair the department release immediately the lands the BLM has identified as suitable for disposal.
After a disappointing hearing with many unanswered questions and after his failure to comply with transparency requirements, I cannot support Chuck Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense.
Happy 101st birthday to my mother Roberta McCain - she is an inspiration to us all! Learn more about her remarkable life here: http://www.townandcountrymag.com/society/politics/roberta-mccain-interview
McConnell: ‘The election is over. The time to govern is now – to make divided government work for the American people, who chose it. We owe Americans action, not rhetoric. We owe it to the millions of college graduates out of work. We owe it to the strivers who find themselves still living in their parents’ basements. They’re all counting on us to enact real, bipartisan solutions – solutions that can get our economy moving again today and that can ensure greater prosperity tomorrow. Is Washington up to the task? Republicans are. And we’re still here, ready to work with the President as soon as he’s prepared to get down to business.’
This morning, Robba and I are at the 61st annual National Prayer Breakfast. The inaugural event was started in part by two Kansans: President Eisenhower and Sen. Carlson.  The event is a time to put politics aside and join with other national and international leaders to pray for our nation and for the world. It is live on C-SPAN 2 now.
As the Senate considers the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization bill, I urged my colleagues to support it today.  I told them 'You don’t give up when the cause is right, and this is far too important to too many around the country.' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnIDJOCCqyA&feature=youtu.be
Top of the morning from the top of the world!  My fish staffer has been at the Alaska Eskimo Whaling Commission Annual Convention in Barrow this week, where it’s been in the negative teens and twenties this week, to get the latest from the whaling communities.
The Eielson F-16 Scoping Meeting is going on right now at the Princess Hotel in Fairbanks.  If you can't make it, watch a live web stream on my website: http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Social-Media
I don’t think that killing American citizens without any judicial oversight is an appropriate activity for the president http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntLDsMnMhkg&feature=youtu.be
Dan, Thank you for the straight talk, the interviews and the friendship over the years. When news breaks for Wichita, I will miss discussing it with you. Happy trails and best wishes!
I had the opportunity to question Education Secretary Arne Duncan about No Child Left Behind waivers today. Decisions that impact our students should be made on the local level, not by regulation or mandate from Washington.  Check out the video below to watch the exchange from the HELP Committee chamber. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSk37bf3Vso
As you know we're still in a statewide drought, but some of KS is getting rain today. If you have moisture, let me know how much you are getting. http://ht.ly/hvBN4
Rubio & Bipartisan Group of Senators Introduce Legislation to Strengthen Mental Health Services: http://1.usa.gov/14VDHhl
NA
President Obama, there is no need to tax bedpans. I'm glad to join Sen. Bob Casey and a bipartisan group of senators in supporting a bill to repeal a $30 billion medical device tax in Obamacare.
Great to talk with Dom Giordano on Philly WPHT today. ICYMI, you our conversation is here:
Philly state Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams (D-8th) will be my guest at the State of the Union address. Tony is a friend of mine and a hard working legislator for the people of Philadelphia and Delaware County. I have been pleased to work with him over the years on education reform and job creation.
I’ll be talking with Dom Giordano at 9:50 this morning. Tune in as we discuss my bill to impose term limits in Congress:
