At tonight's Blount County Boys & Girls Club dinner at Maryville College, Sen. Alexander recalls Alex Haley's words to live by: "Find the good and praise it."
At tonight's inaugural Blount County Hall of Fame Dinner for the Boys and Girls Club, Sen. Alexander thanks Alaedin Gibril, a member of Blount Co Boys & Girls Club, for his warm introduction
Good news for New Hampshire: Senators Shaheen and Ayotte will lead the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness
NA
Great to see Phil, Amalia, and Joan Scontsas yesterday and congratulate them on their 100th year in business!
NA
Keeping all who were impacted by tonight's devastating fire in Kansas City in my thoughts & prayers.
Colonel Ernest C. Holland served our country in three wars and it was an honor to preside over a medal ceremony yesterday commemorating his service and sacrifice to our country.    See WFMY News 2 / Digtriad.com's story below. 
The groundhog predicted an early spring but winter weather is in Arkansas today. We're traveling from Little Rock to Fayetteville and this is what it looks like near Mulberry.
We're sitting down with Arkansas Week host Steve Barnes. You can watch our interview on AETN at 6:30 Friday night.
On the evening of February 19th, the University of Idaho hosted the McClure Symposium on Fiscal Issues with panelists U.S. Sen. Mike Crapo of Idaho, Rep. Mike Simpson, Sen, Mark Warner of Virginia, retired Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming, and the President of the Committee for a Responsible Fiscal Budget, Maya MacGuineas.
You can watch the McClure Symposium on Federal Fiscal Issues by clicking the link below. It begins at 8:00pm MST.
The Idaho Statehouse as I head inside for tonight's Fiscal Symposium. Are you joining us?
Cornyn Ranked 2nd Most Conservative Senator:
In Houston learning about Harris County's unique GIRL's Court, which helps young victims of trafficking/prostitution seal their juvenile records and learn the skills needed to transition to a safer, healthier life. Also pleased to announce the Human Trafficking Reporting Act, which will complement the efforts of those here today, including The Children's Assessment Center (Harris County) and Children at Risk, in the fight against human trafficking.
Pres. Obama: we must avoid these spending cuts I signed into law
Sen. Cornyn ranked 2nd Most Conservative Senator for 2012:
Are there ANY spending cuts President Obama doesn't deem brutal?
At the conclusion of a trip to Senegal, Mali, Algeria and Tunisia today, Sen. Corker said confronting the terrorist threat to the region requires international coordination.  “An increasingly dangerous spread of weapons and fighters across the region is also empowering al Qaeda to take advantage of impoverished and disenfranchised populations and ungoverned territories,” Corker said.  “It is clear that the international community needs a real, workable plan to combat the transnational terrorist threat confronting North Africa on a going-forward basis, rather than simply reacting to events as they happen, country by country..." Read more: http://1.usa.gov/ZrmE6E
If we want to turn around our economy, small businesses like Lodge Lumber here in Houston will be the key to doing so.
Pleasure to visit Texas Tool & Die in Dallas this morning. Small business is the engine that drives the American economy.
I heard some great ideas yesterday in Cheyenne. Today I plan to be in Powell at the Commons, 135 North Bent Street from 1:30pm-2:30pm. I then plan to be in Thermopolis at the Days Inn, 115 East Park Street from 5:30pm-6:30pm. If you live in the area, I look forward to seeing you at my next public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions.
Senator Flake and members of the Congressional Delegation meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
In case you missed it, I discussed the need to replace the so-called "sequester" with sensible spending cuts on KHAS-TV News 5 last night in Hastings. Watch the full interview here:
Thanks to the staff of Mary Lanning Healthcare, who took time out of their busy schedules to visit with me yesterday. It was great to spend time in Hastings and see Mary Lanning Healthcare's renovated facilities, where they provide quality healthcare to Nebraskans.
Wrapped up a great visit to the Meat and Animal Research Center in Clay Center today. Scientists there are making strong advancements in research and technology.
I am honored to serve as Ranking Member of the Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities for the 113th Congress. I look forward to working alongside Subcommittee Chair Kay Hagan (D-N.C.) to counter rising threats to our national security and ensure our military remains the finest fighting force in the world.   http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=cd001948-9ca7-4346-98e0-b3234be391a6
Winterset mtg 56ppl Q: PostOffice, debt, immigration,Hagel,Sequester, VA,no budget?Guns, Internet salestax,Egypt/f16s,VAWA #99countymeetings
56 ppl Indianola town mtg F&F, gun pro/against, Mental health, Benghazi, GlobalWarm, VAWA,sequester, pipeline, Immigration #99countymeetings
22 kidsKnoxvilleHS Q:immigration,DayinLifeofSenator, College$, Troopshome, Farming, GovtRegs, Obamacare, Gas$,Ethanol, Guns#99countymeetings
Grassley pushes for cap on commodity farm payments
Albia HS, 35 students, 5 teachers Topics: guns, rep. govt., citizenship, immigration, achievements, gay rights, marijuana. #99countymeetings
Senators turn the tables on Caymans investor Jack Lew
33ppl at Chariton town hall. Topics:Farm bill, Dodd-Frank,Medicare/EPA regs, immigration, UFOs, F&F, guns, sequester, CRP #99countymeetings
Osceola Town Meeting- 21 people, Qs abt Fast&Furious, Benghazi, impeaching Obama, SS, VAWA, NatlDebt, immigration, Senate approval of judges
TownMtg in Afton- 58ppl. Qs abt Sequester, spending, VAWA, FarmBill, SS, LineItem Veto, ClimChange, Egypt, guns, immigration, PreSchool cuts
Glad to have had the opportunity to participate in some good discussions about the farm bill today in Fargo and yesterday in Wahpeton. http://www.wday.com/event/article/id/75610/publisher_ID/29/
Five days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense. When it comes to Hagel’s controversial position on Israel, our greatest ally in the Middle East, is it too much to ask for a 60-vote threshold for his nomination? In 2000, Hagel was one of four Senators who refused to sign a letter to then-President Clinton affirming America’s solidarity with Israel in the face of Palestinian aggression. From his comments on Al-Jazeera TV to once calling himself “not the Senator from Israel,” his record is alarming and sends a concerning message to our allies and adversaries. While he has walked-back or totally reversed some of his positions in recent weeks, Senators should be given ample time to review his resume. My hope is those Senators who opposed Hagel last week will not change.
NA
Yesterday, in my address to the Utah House of Representatives, Representative Cosgrove asked a good questions about immigration reform efforts in D.C.  I explained that sometimes working in Washington is like going into the grocery store and you want to buy bread, milk, and eggs and you are told that you can’t buy bread, milk, and eggs unless you buy a bucket of nails, a half ton of iron, and a book about cowboy poetry, and a Barry Manilow album.    We could make a lot of progress in Washington with immigration reform, if we would pass the 70-80% of ideas where there is strong bipartisan support.
Yesterday, I spoke at the Greater Topeka Chamber of Commerce/GO Topeka Breakfast and had the opportunity to answer questions about sequestration, the national debt, and the need for Congress and the President to work together to address the economic issues we face as a country. We also discussed Topeka, Kansas-specific issues including levies, state taxes, and local investment. 
 
 It was good to see Topeka Mayor Bill Bunten and thanks to Steve Hahn for introducing me. I appreciate the Topeka Chamber Members’ attendance and commitment to our state’s capital city.
My thoughts and prayers are with all who were injured and the family of the individual killed in yesterday’s shocking explosion in Kansas City. Thank you to the emergency responders who reacted so quickly to this tragic incident.
This week, I enjoyed my student-led tour of Riley County High School, and was impressed by the school’s dedicated departments in art, agriculture, and science. I was also glad to hear that even in this rural community, enrollment numbers have remained steady.
The 40 year old Auke Bay Elementary in Juneau is being completely redone. They're installing ground source heat which will significantly lower the heating bills -- another great example of Alaskan ingenuity!
Talking with the good people at the Southwest Alaska Municipal Conference energy workshop.  The problem I'm working to overcome in Washington is that everyone thinks Alaska is rolling in energy.  We may be, but we're not allowed to develop it and we're not attached to anyone's grid -- so some of us are paying 50% of their income to keep their families warm.  This is unacceptable.
I talked with Fox Business Network this morning on why Congress must overhaul our broken tax system in order to spur job creation and economic growth. Check out the video:
In Dayton at the Montgomery County Ex-Offender Reentry press conference speaking about how we can improve lives and save taxpayer money.
Checking out the P&G Mason Business Center firsthand after my Fox Business interview there this morning.
Today I announced that I will be returning $600,000 to the United States Treasury – money unspent from my official operating budget.   This budget is the only budget I can control, and since taking office I have returned $1.1 million to the U.S. Treasury.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=712
Yesterday I appeared on CNN's Anderson Cooper 360 with Wolf Blitzer to explain why the sequester is a pittance.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzutZv3nftA
White House Press Secretary Jay Carney made it clear today the Obama Administration is picking winners and losers. Unfortunately for Kansans and for the hardworking employees of the American general aviation industry, the Obama White House has determined they are the losers. Click the link below to read my statement and the transcript from the White House Press Briefing.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=653a9975-1dc6-4a2b-80bc-23d542531508
Held a town hall meeting today with employees at the General Motors Fairfax Assembly and Stamping Plant in Kansas City, Kansas. What a great treat to visit with some of the nearly 4000 employees who produce the Chevy Malibu and Buick LaCrosse.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this terrible accident on the Plaza last night. I hope those still working the scene can make the area safe and determine the cause of the incident.
What a great turnout at the Town Hall meeting in Olathe---well over 200 people filling all of the space. There is great interest in seeing our great country's problems solved for their children and grandchildren's futures. It was really good to join my friends and colleagues Jerry Moran and Congressman Kevin Yoder.
ICYMI: Americans for Prosperity Releases 112th Congress Scorecard, Rubio Maintains A+: http://1.usa.gov/ZhIK7I
PHOTO RELEASE: Senator Rubio Tours The Iron Dome Missile Defense System in Israel: http://1.usa.gov/Yn9SiI
Senator Rubio Discusses the Middle East on Sky News: http://1.usa.gov/WRcxnp
Read what Senator Shelby had to say in Dallas County as he continues on his tour of all 67 counties in Alabama: http://www.selmatimesjournal.com/2013/02/18/u-s-sen-richard-shelby-visits-selma-talks-debt/
In a visit earlier today to Forest Hills Elementary School in Florence, Sen. Sessions spoke with WHNT to provide a Washington update.
Sessions will be appearing on the Dale Jackson Show at 8:05 a.m. CT. You can listen live here: http://bit.ly/KyaWMa
Truly an honor to visit Fort Jackson today and talk with some of the men and women who work everyday to keep our nation safe.
Talked about the importance of health care innovation and removing government road blocks with SCBIO in Columbia today.
Since being sworn in, I’ve been meeting and talking with local officials in Columbia County to address the town’s flood concerns. In 2011, I held a town hall in Bloomsburg to make progress on this issue, and I am so glad the U.S. Economic Development Administration has decided to fund this important project. This grant will go a long way toward keeping jobs in Pennsylvania and protecting the citizens of Columbia County.
PA Department of Environmental Protection announces their annual 24 hour live webcast of a nesting pair of peregrine falcons that live on the Rachel Carson State Office Building in Harrisburg:
Need a new passport? Sat., March 9 is Passport Day at Philadelphia’s Passport Agency on Chestnut Street. This day only, no appointment is necessary. Prep early for your family’s summer travel plans:
