Senator Ayotte joined Bosch Thermotechnology officials today as they presented grant awards to Manchester West High School and Londonderry High School to support science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education.  Initiatives like the Bosch Community Fund and the STEM grants that were presented today are so important to preparing and inspiring our next generation of innovators by making sure they have the education for success. #AyotteTour
In Londonderry today, Senator Ayotte toured Bosch Thermotechnology and met with workers there to learn about the innovative and exciting work they are doing.  Bosch's facility in Londonderry employs about 100 workers.  #AyotteTour
NA
NA
Enjoyed meeting with some of Indiana’s strongest employers representing the American Chemistry Council to discuss the economy
Fascinating tour today of Jackson Laboratory and an interesting conversation with Dr. Gareth Howell about important research into Alzheimer's, glaucoma, and traumatic brain injuries
Wishing Pearland the best of luck taking on Chicago in the Little League World Series tonight! #LLWS #PullTheTrain
Set your DVR! If you couldn’t make it to George Strait’s record-setting farewell concert, don’t miss it when it airs on Friday, August 29th!
Our last stop today was Devil'sTower   Quite geological rarity. NativeAmericans considered it and black hills sacred
BTW we saw half Iowa vacationing in SoDak. So to b truthful it's nice to hv Iowans come up and say"r u chuck Grassley " when u not in suit
We r in Hulett Wy eating and viewing biggies collection off Wild Bill Hickok at a museum by that name This was not a stop on honeymoon
After MtRushmore mrs G and I went to Crazy Horse monument Started in 1948 u can now see head of Chief When finished it will be worldLargest
Continuing revisit of honeymoon trip after 60yrs Rushmore faces same but environs improved beyond xpectation  Foundation is gr8 nonprofit
Senator Johnson gave a presentation today at Hsu's Ginseng Enterprises Inc in Wausau #Wisconsin and toured their facilities.
I am traveling all over Illinois working for you. You can follow along as I criss-cross our state using an interactive map on my website or on social media with #AugustofAction. Check it out: 
Here's a final reminder for my Logan town hall tonight.  If you can't make this one, I have other town halls planned over the next several days.
NA
"The powers reserved to the several States will extend to all the objects which, in the ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives, liberties, and properties of the people, and the internal order, improvement, and prosperity of the State. The operations of the federal government will be most extensive and important in times of war and danger; those of the State governments, in times of peace and security.”
Today I had the opportunity to meet with members of the Lenexa Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, Legislative Affairs Committee and Economic Development Council to discuss issues facing their businesses and the community. We discussed funding for transportation and infrastructure, which is important to Lenexa with I-435 and I-35  running through the city. Additional issues discussed were budget and appropriations and potential cuts to military personnel at Ft. Leavenworth and Ft. Riley. I appreciate the comments and concerns expressed as chamber members represent 700 businesses and thousands of Lenexa employees. Thanks to Lenexa Chamber Vice President Ashley Sherard for the invitation to attend. (Here, I'm pictured with Meritex Enterprises' Lonnie Cannon and Chamber President Blake Shreck.)
I am proud of my sons Nic and Matt for voting today in Ketchikan! Polls are open until 8 p.m. tonight…make sure you get out and vote!
Big day today in Alaska: primary election day. I hope everybody gets out and votes. If you need help finding out where to vote, click here: http://www.elections.alaska.gov/
Just incredible! Not only have we boosted ALS awareness to an all-time high, but the #IceBucketChallenge raised over $15 million! Have you challenged anyone yet? 
I appreciated the chance to share a DC update with the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce today and hear from hard-working Alaskan entrepreneurs who are really working overtime to build something special. It was also an honor to receive the Chamber's Spirit of Enterprise Award for having their back in Washington.
Mark your Calendars: I will be holding two town hall meetings in Johnson County next week. August 25 at Leawood City Hall, and August 27 at Tomahawk Ridge Community Center in Overland Park. Details below.
Yesterday's news of more abuse and misconduct at the Central Alabama VA is extremely troubling.  I recently joined Representative Martha Roby in calling on VA Secretary McDonald to visit the Central Alabama VA.  Read our letter here: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=1ca082c3-68ee-4e46-b5ac-a71eeb310016
Sen. Sessions and his wife Mary welcomed in to the world two new granddaughters, Joanna Turner and Phoebe Montgomery, who were born yesterday.
Had a great time in Columbia today honoring some of our state's hardworking certified nursing assistants.
Thank you for nominating me to do the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge! I nominate SC Senator Katrina Shealy, Miss SC 2013 Brooke Mosteller, and Congressman Jeff Duncan--you have 24 hours!
Civic engagement and leadership at its best. Congratulations to Emmaus High School senior Barry Seng on being elected to the Key Club International Board!
