Sen. Alexander released the following statement on his opposition to President Obama’s nomination of former Sen. Chuck Hagel as Defense Secretary and the senator’s decision today to vote against cutting off debate on Hagel’s nomination:  “Chuck Hagel is a patriot, but by virtue of his views and his experience, he is not the right person to lead the world’s largest military organization in these dangerous times,” Alexander said of his intention to vote against Hagel’s confirmation. On today’s vote to end debate, Alexander said, “The majority leader’s motion to cut off debate only two days after an important nomination is reported to the Senate floor is premature, as several senators have asked the nominee questions that deserve more consideration.”
In a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing today, Sen. Alexander pressed the Obama administration’s Office of Management and Budget (OMB) controller Danny Werfel on out-of-control spending, asking why there is “no plan from the president” to deal with the mandatory entitlement spending that Alexander argued is the primary driver of the nation’s spending crisis.   Alexander said, “Senator Corker and I have put on the table a trillion dollar plan to reduce entitlement spending over the next year—why hasn’t the president done that?” http://tinyurl.com/b855pjz
Great new web video from Republican Senators highlighting the need to rein in reckless spending and help boost job growth.
It has been 1,387 days since the Democrat-led Senate passed a budget. Meanwhile, the federal debt has skyrocketed to $16.5 trillion. That’s simply unacceptable. I’m co-sponsoring a Balanced Budget Amendment for my 6th time in Congress because it’s time to get serious about balancing the federal budget.
Today, I introduced a bipartisan bill to renew and improve the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF).   I have seen firsthand the role that the Land and Water Conservation Fund plays in maintaining North Carolina's reputation as one of the most scenic and unique states in the country. Click below to read more.
ICYMI: Approving the Keystone XL pipeline would positively impact Arkansas businesses and workers. I was happy to join other Senators to urge President Obama to approve the project.
I'm on the Senate floor with some of my colleagues who are in favor of approving the Keystone XL pipeline project. We're talking about why the project is important to our country. Watch it here.
PHOTO: Today is the first Senate Banking, Housing & Urban Affairs Committee meeting of this Congress, and my first as the Ranking Member of the committee.
VIDEO: This morning when I had the opportunity to question the president’s Treasury Department nominee, Jack Lew, I chose to focus on tax reform and to find out Mr. Lew’s reasons for reforming the code.  We must dramatically simplify our tax code by eliminating complexity, favoritism and loopholes, broadening the base and significantly lowering the rates.
Cornyn Statement on Hagel Vote:
Cornyn on Hagel: "Premature to close off debate on a nominee who hasn't responded to reasonable requests for information and to a White House who continues to stonewall.”
Obamacare Sticker Shock:  In Austin, younger, healthier people, and small businesses will see 169% increase in premiums in 2014
PHOTO: Great Meeting with San Marcos Mayor Daniel Guerrero and City Council Members:
PHOTO: Great meeting with the Border Trade Alliance in DC:
VIDEO: Cornyn: Time for the President to Show Leadership on Spending and Debt:
Cy-Creek Mirror: Cornyn, Senate GOP Introduce Balanced Budget Amendment:
Wash Post: Senate GOP launch Balanced Budget Amendment effort:
The Department of Health and Human Services’ delayed answers and non-answers about a health exchange under the new federal health care law made making an informed decision difficult for Wyoming.  I spoke with a Medicare and Medicaid Services official today at a Senate Finance Committee hearing.  Click below for more.
Direct or indirect attempts to manage the headwaters of our nation’s streams and rivers, is a usurpation of state authority.  I joined with Senator Barrasso and Representative Lummis today in opposing the secretary of the interior’s unilateral attempt to impose a National Blueways System.  Click below for more details.
Debates over $1 trillion deficits, the fiscal cliff, and the debt ceiling leave many outside of Washington convinced that the only way America will right its fiscal ship is to amend the Constitution. I agree, which is why I’m cosponsoring a bill that would make a balanced budget a constitutional amendment. The Balanced Budget Amendment would restrict Congress to spend no more than it earns in any fiscal year. Click on the link below to learn more.
I am leading a subcommittee of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions panel.  The Subcommittee on Children and Families has jurisdiction over issues including Head Start; child care and child support, such as programs that fall under the Child Care & Development Block Grant; the Family Medical Leave Act; National Service; women and children’s healthcare; and other issues involving children, youth, and families.  I’m looking forward to doing the work this committee is capable of producing.
Happy Valentine’s Day from my hometown, America’s “Heart City” Valentine, Nebraska!
Today, I joined all 44 of my Republican colleagues in introducing a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution. It’s time for Washington to come together to balance its accounting books, and I stand ready to work with members of both parties to find responsible ways we can reduce reckless government spending and get our fiscal house in order. Here’s more about why I believe our Constitution needs a Balanced Budget Amendment.
I’m so pleased that Nebraskans are staying in touch with me through Facebook, and I welcome your comments, likes, and shares on posts that pique your interest. If you’d like a response to a comment, or have a legislative inquiry, please submit your request through my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/email-me.   This will ensure that your question or concern is addressed in an efficient and thorough manner by me or a member of my staff. For time-sensitive requests, please call my Washington, D.C. office at (202) 224-6551.   I’d also like to remind you of my user policy for all those who post on this official page:   “I welcome your comments and hope that this official Facebook page will serve as a forum for civil discourse. Nebraskans appreciate the value of robust debate, but also understand the importance of respecting opposing viewpoints. I expect all language and discussions to be polite, and request that all postings on this page remain free of profane, obscene, violent or racist language, suggestions of illegal or illicit activity, and advertisements or solicitations of any kind. Furthermore, I ask that all postings refrain from discussions of political campaigns as this is an official Senate page. I retain the right to remove offensive or abusive comments and/or block users who offend this policy.”
NA
Grassley, Brown Senate Resolution Disapproves Proposal to Eliminate Olympic Wrestling
I will join any effort to turn around Olympic comm decision to drop wrestlingl. Iowa is capital of the sport. IOC shld b ashame
New GAO Report on Meth Ingredient Restrictions
ICYMI: Today I spoke at my first Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee hearing. Video:
Had a great meeting with Senator Harry Reid, Rep Joe Heck, Congressman Mark Amodei, Congresswoman Dina Titus, and Congressman Steven Horsford yesterday. #HomeMeansNevada
I appreciate and respect Senator Hagel's record of service to our country, especially as a decorated combat veteran. However, based on Senator Hagel’s testimony, on top of my existing concerns regarding his past statements and votes, I cannot support his nomination.
NA
Glad to work with Chicago's Mayor Rahm Emanuel to keep O'Hare Modernization on track.
Valuable meeting with Chicago's Mayor Rahm Emanuel to discuss gun trafficking and gang violence
The Iranian regime must immediately and unconditionally release Pastor Saeed.
This is the best link to participate in my tele-townhall event that is happening now.
I am starting my tele-townhall now.  You can participate right here on Facebook by visiting my profile page and clicking on the Ustream Live app at the top of my page.
“I am proud to introduce legislation with my friend Rand Paul that will allow Kentucky farmers to harness the economic potential that industrial hemp can provide,” Sen. McConnell said. “During these tough economic times, this legislation has the potential to create jobs and provide a boost to Kentucky’s economy and to our farmers and their families.”
This week, I recognized Emporia State University's 150th anniversary on the Senate Floor with Sen. Pat Roberts.  Founded to train teachers, I’m proud that Emporia State remains committed to their original mission and is successful in equipping our future educators — a profession whose work impacts the lives of all Kansans and Americans.
Next up in the 7 o'clock hour (CT), Steve Case and I are speaking with Neil Cavuto on Fox Business about Startup Act 3.0. Tune in and learn more about the bill I introduced today.
Between my personal meeting with Senator Chuck Hagel and his unsteady performance in his confirmation hearing, I am not convinced that he is the right person to run the Department of Defense. I am not inclined to support his nomination because of his grasp and vision on the key questions of our time: Iran, complexities in the Middle East, and the constant threat of terror networks. I have a responsibility to Alaskans to hear their thoughts about Senator Hagel during my Presidents’ Day work week back home, and I look forward to gauging their opinion.  It has been my long-standing belief and general rule that Cabinet nominees deserve an ‘up or down’ vote, regardless of whether we have a Republican or Democrat in the White House.  My vote today reflected just that.
Federal budget cuts are not just a wolf at the door for this country- the wolf is already inside.  Today I am demanding answers about how sequestration will affect Alaska.
Good to see a little bit of Alaska come to Capitol Hill tonight!  I was so happy to join fisherman, chefs and seafood suppliers to talk about how important it is to defending our nation’s sustainable fisheries.  Great food, great beer, great people.
Today, Sen. Mitch McConnell and I introduced legislation that will allow American farmers to cultivate and profit from industrial hemp.  The 'Industrial Hemp Farming Act' paves the way to creating jobs for Kentucky.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=707
" It opens Pandora's Box once you say you may well kill Americans in America without any judicial trial and with politicians making all the decisions." http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzJ-QgLxRPE
Late last night the Senate approved a resolution Senator Jerry Moran and I introduced to recognize Emporia State University's 150th Anniversary. My mother graduated from Emporia State and like so many other Hornets, went on to become a teacher. As their values statement says: ESU has a commitment to a positive, quality environment that nurtures academic and personal excellence in learning and teaching. Congratulations Emporia State!
Today in our Finance Committee hearing, I pressed administration officials about the regulatory Impact of Obamacare  http://ht.ly/hJ98f
Two important hearings today: Senate Agriculture Committee will consider disaster assistance. Watch live here: http://www.ag.senate.gov/hearings/drought-fire-and-freeze
The Washington Post on yesterday's Finance Committee hearing on the Lew nomination:  “Mr. Lew,” said Sen. Pat Roberts (Kan.), savoring the irony, “welcome to what some of the press have described as the Grand Cayman Ugland House rehab and restoration hearings.”
See video of my questioning of Jack Lew, the President's nominee for U.S. Secretary of the Treasury. Spoiler alert: He had a tax haven in the Cayman Islands, registered in a building President Obama called "the largest tax scam in the world." Here I told him General Aviation should not be vilified. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW6vJ0SdSsU&feature=youtu.be
Senator Rubio pens an oped for the Tampa Bay Times about improving access to high-quality education
Senators Introduce Child Interstate Abortion Notification Act: http://1.usa.gov/12P4HzN
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses GOP Response And Middle Class Opportunity Agenda On “The Mark Levin Show”
READ: http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/02/shelby_sequestration_wont_solv.html
I joined my colleagues in introducing a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution. States have to balance their budgets and families have to keep their checkbooks in order – it only makes sense the federal government should as well.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339677
In light of his shifting positions and disturbing record, I will not vote to advance Sen. Chuck Hagel's nomination for Defense Secretary.
Time to reform the sugar program. The government's wasteful program hurts families by causing them to have to pay more for food. Unacceptable.
On my way to the sugar press conference with Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Congressman Joe Pitts.
I'll be re-introducing the Sugar Reform Act with Senator Jeanne Shaheen in an hour. This bill eliminates a wasteful and unfair government subsidy that hurts families by causing them to pay higher costs for products made with sugar.
Great to hear from Pennsylvania's Commission for Community Colleges for ideas on ensuring access to higher education in PA. Thanks for coming by!
Today, I introduced a bill to repeal EPA’s flawed waivers that allowed 15 percent ethanol to be mixed with gasoline (E15).  The waivers amount to government bureaucrats issuing short-sighted regulations that negatively impact families and businesses across the country. Read more: http://alturl.com/yay3w
