NA
Today Sen. Alexander called for President Obama to ask HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to resign over the implementation of the Obamacare exchanges. On the Senate floor, Alexander said: “It is time for the President to ask the Secretary of Health and Human Services to resign.” “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/1abUQSK
Today Sen. Alexander called for the resignation of HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius over the implementation of the Obamacare exchanges. Alexander said: “Expecting this secretary to be able to fix in a few weeks what she has not been able to fix during the last three and one half years is unrealistic. It is throwing good money after bad.” “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that Americans deserve accountability over Obamacare. http://1.usa.gov/1abUQSK
TUNE IN NOW: Alexander to make an announcement on the #Obamacare  #trainwreck. Tune to C-SPAN 2 or watch online: http://cs.pn/i1Erdp
Yesterday Sen. Alexander introduced a six-page bill requiring the Obama administration to provide weekly reports on the Obamacare exchanges and said he would ask for unanimous passage of the bill today. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that the administration needs to provide all Americans with this information. http://1.usa.gov/1cgArzv
NA
Thanks to ObamaCare, many Missourians are being told if you like your doctor or your hospital, you actually can’t keep them.
NA
It was a great privilege to serve Missouri in the Congress with Ike Skelton and to benefit from his friendship and advice. No member of the Congress was more dedicated to America's defense and those who defend us than Ike Skelton. He loved our country and its history and will be remembered for his contributions to both.
The current Older Americans Act formula is unfair and out-dated. Time to update so the dollars follow the seniors.
Not only are millions losing their health care coverage under Obamacare but none of this is a surprise to the White House. So much for "If you like your doctor or health care plan, you can keep it." #DoesObamaCare
CBS News is reporting more than 2 million individuals have been told that their healthcare plans will not be renewed under Obamacare. #DoesObamaCare
NBC News reported that the Obama administration knew millions could not keep their health insurance despite the promise mad by the President. We need to repeal this law and replace it with healthcare reform that will work. I continue to work toward that goal.
During the debate of Obamacare, the administration repeatedly claimed that, “if you like your health insurance you will be able to keep it.”   Media reports now indicate that keeping your existing plan may not be possible, as millions of Americans are receiving, or are about to receive,  cancellation notices from their health insurance providers under Obamacare.  These drops in coverage and the website glitches are only the beginning of the many issues Idahoans and Americans face under this new law.
Visited with Mark Estess and Randy Simon of @AARPIdaho before beginning the tele-townhall. #idpol
Cornyn: D.C. Circuit Should Not Be Used For a Power Grab:
"Stand your ground" laws the subject of hearing in Senate Judiciary subcommittee just now, but preliminary question is: what is federal role?
Many thanks to all the Texans who joined us for coffee this morning -- it was great visiting with you!
Find out what #ObamaScare means for you in our latest newsletter. Please read and SHARE!
With bark beetles and drought we have a wildfire problem in our region, but we can do more to make it better.  Wyoming, Colorado and South Dakota lawmakers are asking the U.S. Department of Agriculture to step up efforts and cooperation with the timber industry.
The Senate majority’s vote today will allow for a debt limit increase through February 2014 without a plan or mechanism in place to cut spending. I don’t support it. $17 trillion is a massive hole we’ve dug for ourselves, yet the majority insists we keep digging deeper.
I had the honor of speaking to hundreds of Americans who joined coal industry workers at the American Energy Jobs Rally at the base of the U.S. Capitol on October 29. Coal has been providing our nation with the energy we need for generations and we need to be sure it has the freedom from excessive regulation it needs to continue to power the nation.
NA
I was proud to greet and speak with the Nebraska veterans who visited Washington D.C. through the Honor Flight program. I thanked them for their service on behalf of all Nebraskans.
I’m joining 1100 KFAB this morning at 7:40 CT. Be sure to tune in here!
Calling the Obama administration "irresponsible" for shielding witnesses to the deadly 2012 Benghazi terror attack, Sen. Lindsey Graham said Monday he'll hold up every executive branch appointment and nominee until more survivors are allowed to speak to Congress.  "I have nothing left available to me," the South Carolina Republican told Newsmax TV. "Fourteen months after the attack and we still haven't had access to the survivors.  "It's incredibly irresponsible of the Congress to allow, and the administration to basically shield witnesses who are relevant to a congressional investigation as to what went wrong in Benghazi."
As made clear by press reports worldwide, the federal government has established a practice of collecting enormous amounts of data with little to show for it. Protecting Americans from the very real threat of international terrorism is one of our government’s greatest responsibilities, but it must be done in a way that respects the privacy of law-abiding citizens. I am very pleased to join Senator Leahy in crafting this legislation and working with him to shore up additional support from my Senate colleagues. #NSA #Privacy Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/17qrNRj
Congratulations to MSU freshman and Minot native Chloe Ondracek who was chosen by the Council on Undergraduate Research to give a presentation at a conference held in Arlington, VA.  Chloe is a very talented student, and I enjoyed meeting with her and her mother, Dr. Pam Ondracek, today.
Spoke at a press conference today about bipartisan legislation we're introducing to prevent flood insurance rate hikes. North Dakotans need fair and affordable flood insurance rates. This bipartisan legislation ensures that FEMA completes an affordability study to ensure flood insurance premiums are affordable. It also includes an important provision that ensures communities in North Dakota and across the country are able to continue using floodproofed basement credits to determine their premiums. We need to make certain that we have affordable flood insurance that works for our communities.
  
 Click the following link to learn more: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=c0467e7b-f943-4198-9516-0910460a22f2
The federal government is set to spend nearly twice as much taxpayer money on global warming than on border security: http://dailycaller.com/2013/10/28/global-warming-gets-nearly-twice-as-much-taxpayer-money-as-border-security/#ixzz2j7O6Gv2V
What do you think about NBC News' discovery that the Obama Administration has known for the past 3 years that 50-75 percent of Americans would lose their insurance? http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/10/29/21222195-obama-administration-knew-millions-could-not-keep-their-health-insurance?lite
Washington, D.C. office is looking for college students from Oklahoma to serve as unpaid interns for Spring 2014. If you are interested in learning more about the legislative process and spending a semester in the nation's capital, you may fill out an application online at www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/internship. You must provide your resume, a writing sample, and three letters of recommendation. For more information, please contact Erica at 202-224-4721
NBC News report confirms what we've known all along: millions of Americans are losing their insurance plans because of Obamacare, and the administration knew it. http://nbcnews.to/1dFbgut
I am delivering a speech today at The Heritage Foundation to discuss what's next for conservatives.  The speech starts at 2:30 p.m. ET, and you can watch the live stream of the speech from the attached link.
As a member of the Senate Economic Mobility Caucus, today I introduced the American Savings Promotion Act – legislation to allow the creation of prize-linked savings accounts (PLS). At a time when the annual savings rate in the United States is just 4.1 percent, PLS accounts would incentivize personal savings by offering participants chances to win prizes based on savings account deposit activity while never putting an individual's savings at risk. While this innovative tool would offer the chance of big winnings, its real value is the promise of increased financial security for American families.
I am saddened to hear of the passing of my good friend, former Rep. Ike Skelton. Missouri has lost a tremendous public servant, and our service men and women have lost a tireless advocate. Robba and I send our heartfelt prayers to his wife Patty, family and friends during this trying time.
When the federal government shut down for 16 days, Alaskans across the state were impacted, and not just federal employees or those who rely on government services.  Whether you’re an air taxi operator waiting on a permit from the FAA, a crab fisherman awaiting allocation limits from NOAA, a forester in the Tongass told to shut down logging operations or a family shut out of a long-awaited trip to a national park, a government shutdown benefits no one and causes turmoil and chaos across the spectrum.  I am co-sponsoring the bipartisan End Government Shutdown Act to ensure this doesn’t happen again.  We are all adults, and I do not believe the threat of another shutdown should be used as a bargaining chip.
Today is Matt Shuckerow’s last day in my DC office.  I want to thank him for his tremendous service to Alaska for nearly three years!
As Alaskans, we understand very clearly the privacy rights guaranteed by the Constitution.  The government has no business snooping around our library books, property or who we call on our home phones or cell phones.  I’ve fought against this overreach for the last decade and today I’m taking it a step further by co-sponsoring a new bill to curb the government’s gathering of your phone records while making sure the information the NSA already has isn’t being abused.  Read all about the plan here:
Fun to visit w/ @PrezOno today to talk about great projects going on at #UC #CCM #HottestCollegeInAmerica
We can grow our economy and save vital programs like Social Security & Medicare, but we need adult leadership.
Must-read: The case for NSA reform http://www.politico.com/story/2013/10/leahy-sensenbrenner-nsa-reform-98953.html
NA
I joined thousands of coal workers at the #CoalRally this afternoon. Nearly 1/2 of the nation's electricity is generated from coal. Coal=Jobs. http://instagram.com/p/gDxQZEIMCP/
One of the particularly galling things about Obamacare is that those who created, upheld and signed the law don't have to live under it. That is wrong. Watch, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_WF99th1fU&feature=youtu.be
If Edward Snowden can access and leak some of our most classified intelligence, what is this Administration doing to protect your personal health information in the failed exchange?   Doctors take an oath to protect their patients’ privacy. It’s a sacred trust. Who in the federal government has taken a similar oath? These are answers that every patient deserves to know when they turn over their personal health and financial information to the Obamacare exchanges.
Today I voted in favor of S. J. Res. 26, a resolution to disapprove of the President’s exercise of authority to suspend the debt limit.        We must get on a path to balance our budgets, to rein in long term spending, to slash our deficits and to quit robbing the future of our kids and grandkids.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=bfd056f2-0501-43a1-8c74-0341a9f40c4f
NBC News reports Obama administration knew millions could not keep their health insurance. #MoreThanAWebsite 
 
 http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/10/29/21222195-obama-administration-knew-millions-could-not-keep-their-health-insurance?lite
Senator Rubio: ObamaCare Problems the "Tip of the Iceberg": 1.usa.gov/1dmZjqr
Fellow Floridians, join Senator Rubio for a cup of coffee at his DC office Nov. 14. Sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/Hdqety
NA
Click to read a copy of a letter sent to Congress by Chris Crane, head of the ICE officers' association, warning that special interests are focused on their bottom line rather than public safety in the immigration debate. Sen. Sessions earlier held a press conference with Crane earlier this year to address the challenges facing ICE officers.
Until recently, HHS was planning to award a no-bid contract for a Chicago company to educate the prison population about Obamacare enrollment. The Department only canceled the contract after Sen. Sessions sent a letter asking about it.  Following the cancellation, Sen. Sessions remarked: "Who knows how many similar efforts are being undertaken that the public never finds out about?"
Enjoyed Skyping with a 5th grade class at Bookman Elementary in Elgin this afternoon--great questions from the kids!
Congrats to Carlisle's  United States Army Heritage and Education Center (USAHEC), the 1st #Army museum to become a Smithsonian Institution Affiliate. A VERY select group.
NA
At Buckmans.com, a family-owned and operated ski shop in southeast PA and the Lehigh Valley, employee healthcare costs will rise by an avg $2,000 due to #Obamacare.
“But millions of Americans are getting or are about to get cancellation letters for their health insurance under #Obamacare, say experts, and the Obama administration has known that for at least three years.”
