ICYMI: On Tuesday, Boy Scout Troop 911 of Mt. Juliet came to Washington with a week events planned, only to find that many places the scouts intended to go were closed because of the government shutdown. One place that was open was the weekly Tennessee Tuesday constituent breakfast Sens. Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker hold, and since tours of the U.S. Capitol building were not available, Senator Alexander offered to provide one. Follow this link for more photos from Tuesday’s tour of the Capitol: http://1.usa.gov/19D5x6x
Appalachian Mountain Club is posting status updates on AMC operations, White Mountain National Forest trails, and the Appalachian Trail and New England Trail on their website to help those planning trips for the upcoming weekend.
Senate unanimously passed death benefits for survivors of fallen soldiers today. They should have never been put through this indignity. The President should immediately sign it.
Tomorrow, I will join Senate Republicans in a meeting with President Obama at the White House on reopening the government and dealing with the debt limit. This meeting needs to be a real discussion and negotiation about how we can reopen the government, reduce our debt and help our economy grow—not just another useless photo op.
Today the Senate passed the Honoring the Families of Fallen Soldiers Act (H.J. Res. 91), which would restore the payment of military death benefits that have been halted since the U.S. government shutdown on October 1.  Military families should not be left out in the cold because leaders of the very country their brave sons and daughters died for are failing to govern. It is one thing for Congress and the president to squabble over policy disagreements, but paying out these benefits is not a matter of policy, it’s a matter of principle. This was a promise to families of members of the armed services who voluntarily risked their lives for the United States.
This is good news for our state
VIDEO: Today, following Senate Finance and Senate Banking Committee hearings on the debt limit, I spoke on the Senate floor about the need to address the country’s long-term debt crisis.  In the Finance hearing, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said, ‘We've made progress on our overall debt crisis in the past few years, and I think that we can continue to work on those kinds of steps if you will simply pass this clean debt ceiling’ and do so in a way that involves no negotiations from the president in any way.  I reminded him that a major part of the progress we have made in the last few years was when we met the debt ceiling two years ago.  It was the Budget Control Act that put into statute over $2 trillion of reductions in our spending path, and that was attached to the debt ceiling bill in 2011. It was literally a debt ceiling negotiation that generated the only significant spending controls this Congress and this country have seen for years and years.  And yet the president refuses to take another step now that we have met the debt ceiling again and negotiate for further reforms.
The latest on Senator Collins' efforts to end the impasse.
President's spokesman calls bill to restore death benefits to military families "not necessary." I say it's our moral obligation. Read more: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsReleases&ContentRecord_id=ed3390a0-987a-4b97-b111-29526d0f0b37
Pleased Democrats decided to join Republicans to make sure families of fallen troops get the support they're due.
WH: "Pentagon told lawmakers before the shutdown that the death benefit payments ... would be cut off during a shutdown." But they won't say when the president was first told that death benefits would not be paid.
"Clean" Continuing Resoultion and Debt Ceiling = Blank Check
Will be live on Crossfire at 5:30 pm CT. Hope you'll tune in!
Every day our concerns are validated as we learn more about how Obamacare can’t deliver on its promises. #MakeDCListen #DefundObamacare
You can join United States Senator Mike Lee's tele-townhall now. Invite your friends and participate:
Today I questioned Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew about the Administration’s refusal to discuss long-term debt solutions in conjunction with an extension of the debt limit. The federal government has a spending problem, not an income problem. We have to pay our bills, but as we talk about borrowing more to pay them, it's fitting to talk about lowering our bills in the future so we don’t have this problem over and over and over. The Administration says, ‘we’ll talk later – after you give us the ability to spend more’.  No, let’s talk now.
yesterday opened offices in Washington and across South Carolina even though portions of the federal government remain shutdown.   "It’s pretty simple, if my staff is going to be paid they ought to be at work," said Graham.  During the government shutdown, Graham is donating his salary to the Wounded Warrior Project.
President Obama's spokesperson said the Congress-passed bill to restore death benefits to military families is "not necessary." As I said before, the government should not delegate our responsibility to provide for families of those who make the ultimate sacrifice for our nation's security. This is reprehensible. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/10/10/senate-approves-bill-to-pay-military-death-benefits/
Dick Morris writes in The Hill yesterday how Oklahoma could knock out #ObamaCare: http://thehill.com/opinion/columnists/dick-morris/327337-suit-in-oklahoma-could-knock-out-obamacare
Legislation to pay military death benefits passed both the Senate and House. I urge #POTUS to sign immediately.
Today Rush Limbaugh read one of my e-newsletters on his radio show.  If you haven't done so already, you can sign up for my e-newsletter here:  http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/signup
The House has currently passed 14 measures that would open parts of the government for which there is broad bipartisan support.  Democrats continue to refuse to compromise, and the Administration continues to intentionally make life difficult for Americans.  Of course these measures are in addition to the continuing resolutions that the House passed to fund the entire government while defunding Obamacare.  The Democrats continue to insist that we can't fund anything unless we fund everything.
My tele-townhall is happening now.  Invite your friends to like my Facebook page and participate:
My monthly tele-townhall will be starting in a few minutes.  Click here if you want to participate on Facebook: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Today, the Senate acted as it should by passing H.J. Res. 91, a resolution to make certain the Department of Defense has the flexibility it needs to provide families of fallen soldiers with the benefits they deserve during the government shutdown, rather than relying on humble donations.  This unfortunate wrangling has all been taking place while Army Rangers continue to carry out their missions to protect our freedom.
During each honor flight, veterans take time for prayer and Taps. I'm grateful to the Honor Flight Network and its volunteers for making these visits possible.
A little rain can't keep Kansas WWII veterans from visiting the memorial built in their honor. As always, it was a privilege to greet them this morning. Here, I'm pictured with Norm Karlin of Hutchinson.
Highlighted the lack of preparedness in the implementation of OH Obamacare exchange months ago. Still need answers from Administration.
Incredibly moving rendition of Taps at today's honor flight. God bless these Kansas Vets
Heavy rain couldn't keep these Kansas WWII vets from their memorial today. Always an honor to spend time with these heroes.
Joining the Kudlow Report on CNBC at 745p tonight!
Great call with a few hundred #SouthCarolina small business owners and the NFIB.
I am relieved that common sense has prevailed in at least one instance.  Survivor benefits will be delivered to the families of Sgt. Hawkins from Carlisle, Pa. and other heroes who have given their lives in the defense of our country.  It is a shame that Congress’s unwillingness to pass any funding bills added even one moment of worry in these families’ time of grief.
