At last week’s Tennessee Tuesday, Sens. Alexander and Corker met with Bill Hodge, Jeff Hunter and Brenna Irrer of Tennessee Wild, a group dedicated to protecting wilderness on the Cherokee National Forest. Follow this link to read more about the Tennessee Wilderness Act of 2013, introduced by Alexander and Corker, which would designate as wilderness nearly 20,000 acres in six areas of the Cherokee National Forest, while having no effect on privately owned land. http://1.usa.gov/18h63DM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeSQei65mGc&feature=youtu.be
Is VA wrongly denying disability benefits to #veterans? Washington Post has a telling article about Agent Orange and its effect beyond the Vietnam War.
Today the President will sign the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act -- a big win for 100% of students and borrowers.  This bill ensures that student loan interest rates never become unaffordable for students and parents.
Bobbi and I will be in Cheyenne tomorrow morning for the Wyoming "Komen Race for the Cure." Hope to see you there.
A few photos from my trip down in Hecla Mining’s Lucky Friday Silver Mine. Thanks to the great team there for showing me and my staff around today. #idpol #northidaho #silvermine
Just finished a tour of Hecla Mining’s Lucky Friday mine in Mullan. We went down 6,200 feet. #idpol #SilverMine #northidaho 
Passing through Shoshone County on our way to Mullan.
5,000 followers on #Twitter! Thanks for following, #Idaho. Like and Share to spread the word and keep it growing. #idpol
Monday, I stopped by for a visit with the Coeur d’Alene Press editorial board.  We talked about my role as the ranking member of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, as well as a variety of other issues facing the country.  Click below to read their story.
Big Government Knows Best?  Obama Forming “Nudge Squads” To Shape Americans’ Behavior:
My op-ed in the Houston Chronicle: Obama's Economic Plan Continues Tepid Recovery:
Good news for TX families. Tax-free weekend comes early this year. #backtoschool http://www.window.state.tx.us/taxinfo/taxpubs/taxholiday/d/
Want to stop the Obamacare train wreck? Here's how we do it:  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare: jeopardizing American jobs.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
A majority of Americans agree that Obamacare will be a disaster for their family's health care and for the nation's economy.  We can and should defund it. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
The Astros and the Rangers face off this weekend.  Who do you think takes the series?
NA
Sen. McCain and I wrote to President Obama again today, asking him a second time to consider Gov. Brewer's request for a federal disaster declaration for the Yarnell Hill Fire. More information below.
Our country faces serious fiscal challenges brought on by wasteful government spending and a lack of proper oversight. The so-called “Judgment Fund” is an example of this unaccountable spending. Over the past 7 years, Treasury has spent nearly $11 billion in Judgment Fund awards to pay court judgments against the federal government without requirements to report where the funds are going or why the government is liable in the first place. Hardworking taxpayers deserve to know how and why their money is being spent. My column this week details more about how I’m working to tackle this issue and bring accountability to Washington.
G8 opening at Meadow Vista Communities in Altoona! Happy to be a speaker...such g8 ppl
Please join us in Reno at the McKinley Arts & Culture Center on Tuesday, August 13, 2013 at 2:00pm for our Social Security Administration (SSA) informational event. The event will feature professionals prepared to answer any questions relating to Social Security and is open to anyone interested in learning more about the SSA. For more information or to RSVP please contact Senator Heller’s Regional Representative, Katie Pace, at 775-686-5770.
ICYMI: I asked U.S. Department of Energy chief to clear up discrepancies over nuclear waste via Las Vegas Review-Journal
I always enjoy meeting with WWII Oklahoma Veterans. They are living examples of the sacrifices made to protect our freedom. Paul Andert was named a knight of the French Legion of Honour at a Tulsa ceremony yesterday. – “We gave our today so you could have your tomorrow.” Read more here: [http://bit.ly/136elPZ]
President Obama will speak at the Disabled American Veterans convention tomorrow. He and Congress should act on the plan I developed with Sen. Tim Johnson to end the VA claims backlog. Illinois veterans have to wait an average of 529 days for their claims to be adjudicated, which is unacceptable.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=799
Veterans can meet one-on-one with more than 80 of the area’s top employers August 14 at Central #Illinois #Veterans Job Fair. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=834
Forest Service Chief Tidwell and I met with a group of air taxi operators in Ketchikan this morning.  They’re concerned about permit cuts by the Forest Service for their flights over the Tongass.  It is so beneficial for him to hear these stories about the impacts rules made in DC have in real-world Alaska.
I am not only to talking to Forest Service Chief Tidwell about the benefits of allowing access to the Tongass, but also showing him the beauty of Alaska's National Parks.  Anan Creek, which is about 30 miles from Wrangell and only accessible by float plane, supports one of the largest pink salmon runs in Southeast, and bears, eagles and sea lions absolutely love it.  As for Chief Tidwell and I, we loved seeing a mamma bear catching fish for her cub.
I am hosting U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell in Southeast because I think it is incredibly important for him to see just how remote the Tongass is.  Forest Service policies that work in other parts of the nation just don’t work here.   
 Yesterday, we made sure to stop by the Hollis Commercial Thinning Young Growth study site in the Tongass- it's an experimental section of the forest where they're trying to measure the effect of commercial thinning on young growth stands.
Great to see my friend Keith Maupin & his Yellow Ribbon Support Center honored. He's tireless in support of our troops.
In case you missed it, Senator Mike Lee and the American Thinker recently explained why Chief Justice John Roberts was wrong about healthcare.  It's a must read: http://www.americanthinker.com/2013/08/m-john_roberts_was_wrong_and_heres_why.html
NA
National security is one of government’s most important functions. So is protecting individual liberty. If the Constitution still has any sway, a government that is constantly overreaching on security while completely neglecting liberty is in grave violation of our founding doctrine.”  Read my entire Washington Times op-ed here:http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/aug/9/national-security-run-amok/?page=1
Earlier today, Senator Reid told radio station KNPR that he hopes Republican opposition to President Obama is “based on substance and not the fact that he's African-American.”  I am sincerely disappointed by continued attempts to divide the American people by playing to the lowest common denominator. Instead of engaging in serious debate about the failed policies of this administration – from the ever-increasing burdens created by the national health care reform plan to the tax and spend approach to economic recovery, along with countless others – Democrats are once again trying to hide behind a smokescreen.   Our country deserves more from those in Washington. I hope Senator Reid will realize the offensive nature of his remarks and apologize to those who disagree with the President’s policies because of one thing – they are hurting hardworking American families.  http://livewire.talkingpointsmemo.com/entry/reid-i-hope-gop-opposition-to-obama-is
Senator Scott discusses why he will not vote for a continuing resolution funding Obamacare.
Yesterday, Nancy Gudino from my Scranton office participated in a senior expo that was hosted by State Rep. Karen Boback at Misericordia University in Dallas, PA.  My office often participates at these events in order to offer information regarding services, activities, and information available to seniors.
NA
