Tomorrow, I will appear on KTVB’s “Viewpoint". Check your local listings.
Cornyn Honors Texas Independence Day: 
Courage and a love of liberty have long been defining characteristics of the Texas spirit. Both were exemplified 178 years ago when fifty-nine delegates convened in Independence Hall at Washington-on-the-Brazos to declare Texas' independence.  Inflamed by General Santa Anna's refusal to abide by the Mexican Constitution of 1824 and inspired by the United States’ first Declaration of Independence, the men produced their own Declaration and resolved ‘that the people of Texas do now constitute a free, Sovereign, and independent republic.’  The same love of ‘life, liberty, and property of the people’ that spurred the Texians at the Alamo and throughout the Revolution still lives in each Texan today. They fought for it. They died for it. We owe it to their sacrifice to carry the torch of freedom for future generations. And we will.  Keep that resolve strong and when anyone threatens our liberties, proudly say, as only a Texan can, ‘come and take it!’
An article in the Washington Post today said the following about President Obama's foreign policy and response to Russia invading Ukraine: "A president who has made clear to the American public that the “tide of war is receding” has also made clear to foreign leaders, including opportunists in Russia, that he has no appetite for a new one. What is left is a vacuum once filled, at least in part, by the possibility of American force."  Do you agree? http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/ukraine-crisis-tests-obamas-foreign-policy-focus-on-diplomacy-over-military-force/2014/03/01/c83ec62c-a157-11e3-9ba6-800d1192d08b_story.html
On Fox News Sunday, “We need economic growth, not new taxes.” Watch here: 
Senator Rubio addresses constituent concerns about the crisis in Venezuela in this week's "Constituent Mailbox":
En video español, Senator Rubio se dirige al pueblo Venezolano en edición especial de su "Constituent Mailbox":
Senator Rubio Discusses Russia, Venezuela On "Meet The Press": http://1.usa.gov/1kI9dpM  Rubio: “They are lying and this government is a government of liars, the Russian government.”
