Senator Alexander greets a young constituent from Johnson City at a recent Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast hosted by Sens. Alexander and Corker.   If you would like to join the senators on your visit to Washington, please click on the following link to learn how to sign up: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=TennesseeTuesdays
Senator Ayotte met today with Dave Alcox, who is a teacher at Milford High School, and his wife Chantal.  Dave is a recipient of the American Civic Education Teacher Award, which is given to exceptional teachers of civics and government.  Congratulations Dave, Milford High School is so lucky to have you!
I introduced the bipartisan “U.S.-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014,” a bill backed by 77 of my colleagues to reassert Congress’s commitment to Israel’s security and deepen our country’s defense relationship with our ally during this extremely critical moment in the Middle East region. America’s long-standing relationship and strong cooperation with Israel dates back to the presidency of fellow Missourian Harry S. Truman, and this bill will reaffirm and broaden the important U.S.-Israel alliance through security, energy, and trade. 
I am pleased that we could come together last evening as a Conference and compromise on much needed legislation to help address the grave problems at the Department of Veteran Affairs.  Our compromise will empower veterans with the Veterans Choice Card, allowing them to go outside of VA if they cannot receive care within 30 days or are more than 40 miles away from a VA facility.  We extend the TBI program, which helps veterans struggling with traumatic brain injuries.  Finally, we give the Secretary of VA the authority to fire VA executives for misconduct or unacceptable job performance.  Our men and women in uniform should have the commitment from their nation honored – that they will be cared for and receive a standard of service befitting their great sacrifice.
On this day in 1878, Thomas Edison and numerous scientists and astronomers on Henry Draper’s Expedition witnessed a total solar eclipse in Rawlins. Below is a picture of the Draper eclipse party with telescopes during the summer of 1878. Photo credit: Carbon County Museum.
I share Governor Pence’s concerns about the Obama Administration’s handling of these children. The best way to stop this humanitarian crisis is to reunite the children who have come to America with their families in their home countries. Doing so will deter more children from making the dangerous journey to the United States. 
NA
Op-Ed: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency continues to rely heavily on non-public data and undisclosed models when crafting major federal regulations, including the newly proposed sweeping mandate on existing power plants and costly Clean Air Act regulations.    Americans must have, and should have, access to the science used to support these rules that have broad and lasting effects.  Unfortunately, the Administration continues to disregard the most basic tenets of science—transparency and reproducibility.    If the American people are going to continue to foot the bill for these multimillion and multibillion dollar regulations, they should have access to the underlying data.  Costly and often burdensome environmental regulations should only be based on data that is available to independent scientists and the public.  Learn more here: http://goo.gl/TPdBwV 
NA
Great to speak with the Christians United For Israel Texas Delegation last week:
Cornyn: Reid’s Obstruction Guarantees Border Crisis Gets Worse, Not Better
The evidence shows that the amnesty President Obama announced in 2012 is driving record numbers of immigrants to enter our nation illegally.   Because of President Obama’s amnesty, children are being abused and exploited by dangerous drug cartels and transnational gangs. We must put an end to any expansion of this amnesty that puts countless numbers of vulnerable individuals, both immigrants and U.S. citizens alike, at risk.   The only way to stop the border crisis is to stop Obama’s amnesty. It is disappointing the border security legislation unveiled today does not include language to end Obama’s amnesty. Congress cannot hope to solve this problem without addressing the fundamental cause of it.
Israel is currently working to carry out the grinding work to eradicate these terror tunnels that have been built under schools and kindergartens designed to kidnap and murder young children. And I would note it is an enormously difficult task, one that might prove impossible were it not for the success of Iron Dome limiting the effectiveness of those rockets.   And so I would encourage this body to stand together united as one.... and speak in unison that we support the nation of Israel and that we will work with the nation of Israel immediately to replenish their Iron Dome supplies so that they can protect the citizens there and they can do what is necessary to eradicate the Hamas rockets and terror tunnels that are being used to commit war crimes: http://1.usa.gov/1zqRTNN
Greenlee County residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Greenlee County Courthouse Annex in Clifton TODAY from 2 p.m. - 3 p.m.
Graham County residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Graham County General Services Building in Safford TODAY from 9 a.m. - 10 a.m.
Hamas is a terrorist organization. They've got one goal -- to destroy Israel.  We're NOT going to let that happen.   If you agree, SHARE on Facebook.  #StandwithIsrael
The Associated Press explores the promise and price of Sovaldi, a new drug to treat Hepatitis C.  Senator Grassley and a fellow senator have asked the drug maker to explain materials that show the drug’s price originally was estimated to be much lower than it is on the market today.   Read the Associated Press story here:
Last week I met with Veterans Affairs Secretary nominee Robert McDonald to press for his support to allow veterans more options for health care and long term care (LTC) services in their home communities. I believe he is receptive to our ideas, and will work with us on these priorities to ensure our veterans receive the best care possible.  I look forward to working with Secretary McDonald to create more choice for our veterans in accessing health care services closer to home.
Today's Wall Street Journal includes an opinion piece Senator John McCain and I wrote about how we can strengthen our national security and help the U.S. economy by capitalizing on our natural-gas bonanza.  
In honor of today's 239th birthday of the Army chaplain corps, I want to share the story of Capt. Dale Goetz highlighted by the LA Times. An Army chaplain, Capt. Goetz was killed by a roadside bomb while traveling to several remote combat outposts in Afghanistan to hold services and counsel soldiers. He was the first military chaplain killed in combat since the Vietnam War. “Chaplain Goetz was completely committed to God, his Family and taking care of Soldiers,” one of his soldiers said. Join me in honoring and celebrating the courage of these Chaplains, the often unsung heroes to our men and women in uniform.  http://articles.latimes.com/2010/dec/02/nation/la-na-chaplain-20101202
Senator Johnson on The Daily Rundown earlier this morning: "There is one party that is the problem here and it is Hamas and their terror, not Israel." #StandWithIsrael
The Interstate Highway System is one of the great achievements not only in the history of the federal government, but in all of American history. It unified a sprawling, continental nation by investing in our common destiny. It simultaneously met the economic, social, cultural, and security needs of an emerging superpower. It was and remains a wonder of American innovation and self-government.  More than that, the Interstate Highway System was the daring, audacious work of a young nation, literally on the move, bristling with confidence in its future and its people. With the “Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956,” Congress threw off the yoke of the status quo and met the needs of a new generation.  Yet today, 58 years later, in a new century with new needs and new technologies and a new economy, Congress anxiously clings to that exact same policy like a tattered security blanket.  Six decades ago, federal highway policy represented a triumph of imagination. Today, our refusal to modernize that policy represents a failure of imagination.  So we’re here with the duct-tape and WD-40 trying to keep this 20th century bureaucracy in place rather than embracing the worthy challenge of building a new mobility policy for the 21st century.  That’s exactly what my amendment – the “Transportation Empowerment Act” – would do. 
My mobile office is visiting the veterans home in Ivins, UT today.  Come by if you are in the area to meet with my staff.
The protection of liberty afforded by the Fourth Amendment has only become more important as the government's ability to collect information has advanced.  I am the lead co-sponsor on the USA Freedom Act with Senator Patrick Leahy, which would limit the collection of bulk surveillance data of Americans by federal spy agencies.  I am optimistic that the Senate will vote on and pass this legislation sometime this fall.
NA
I encourage you to read #KansasCommonSense, my weekly newsletter. Stories this week include — VA reform legislation, visiting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, discussing Kansas priorities with HHS Secretary Burwell and more.
I encourage you to tune in to KNSS Radio at 8:10 a.m. CT. I'll be visiting with Steve and Ted and providing an update on the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Incredible photo of the Kansas night sky taken last night near Manhattan.  http://www.reddit.com/r/Astronomy/comments/2bxac1/central_kansas_skies/
Admiral Robert J. Papp started his U.S. Coast Guard career in Adak and is now America's first ever Special Representative to the Arctic.  I was thrilled that one of his first official visits was to stop by my office and talk about his new position and what the nation needs to prioritize in the months and years ahead.
NBA legend Detlef Schrempf came by my office with the Seafood Nutrition Partnership today, encouraging the healthy benefits of seafood in Americans' diet.  He was a strong supporter of our delicious fish even before he came in and met our office mascot Walter.  Detlef, thanks for all your great work!
Today's MUST-READ: The Robin Hood Fallacy http://www.heritage.org/research/commentary/2014/5/the-robin-hood-fallacy
“Unconventional and or uncoordinated,” Paul says of his style. When asked to describe his fashion sense, he exclaims, “It’d probably be a lack thereof, is what my wife would probably tell you.”  Read more: http://thehill.com/50-most-beautiful/2014/213522-sen-rand-paul-r-ky#ixzz38rabUB4j 
What a treat to visit the Olathe John Deere offices for an Olathe Chamber of Commerce Executive Roundtable today. We had a great conversation about the serious issues facing our nation, both at home and abroad, and how we will rise to the challenge.
I was pleased to meet with the interns at the American Bakers Association. These Kansas college students have spent the summer in Washington learning about policymaking and advocacy.
Rubio Comments On New Russia Sanctions: http://1.usa.gov/1rNyGVm  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s newly announced sanctions against Russia:   “I applaud President Obama’s announcement today of new sanctions against Russia. For months, I have urged the administration to target the key sectors of Russia’s economy in response to Vladimir Putin’s action against Ukraine. I am concerned, however, that these sanctions are apparently focused on new contracts, which will limit their impact.   “President Obama should make clear that additional sanctions will be imposed if Russia takes certain actions, such as continuing direct military intervention in Ukraine or continuing to arm the separatists.   “In addition, along with our European allies, I hope the President will also significantly increase our assistance, including military support, to the Ukrainian government.   “Russia’s continued aggression against Ukraine cannot go unanswered, and we need to do much more to make clear that we and the rest of the free world stand with the people of Ukraine at this important moment.” 
Rubio Addresses Federal Obstacles Hurting Florida’s Implementation Of RESTORE Act: http://1.usa.gov/1rCp3FB  Rubio: "Proper planning is going to be key in making sure spending is not duplicative and that the money is spent in the most responsible way possible. Unfortunately, this delay by the Administration has already impeded the success of restoration."
Rubio Warns Of The Threat Of A Nuclear Iran: http://1.usa.gov/1nEacLA  Rubio: “[S]omeday soon we will wake up to the reality that they have done a North Korea on us. They have acquired a nuclear weapon, they can hold the world hostage with that weapon, and there’s very few or little we can do about it.”
Following VA Secretary Robert McDonald's confirmation by the Senate this afternoon, Senator Shelby sent a letter with Representative Martha Roby requesting that Secretary McDonald provide a plan within 60 days that identifies the problems at the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System (CAVHCS), what can be done to correct them, and a timeline for implementation.  The letter also requests that Secretary McDonald visit the CAVHCS facility in Montgomery with Senator Shelby and Representative Roby in order to discuss the details of the plan.   Read more: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=1ca082c3-68ee-4e46-b5ac-a71eeb310016
Today, Senator Shelby delivered a speech on the Senate floor urging the nominee for Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Robert McDonald, to address the Department’s systemic problems.  He specifically discussed the findings in the VA’s recent nationwide audit regarding the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System and called for corrective action.   Watch Senator Shelby's remarks here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5vhqo9alQw&list=UUyMzDCRZrmhr_OGDjVuAeJw
Sen. Sessions' statement criticizing the House leaders' border spending bill can be read below:  “The Obama Administration has openly declared its plan to implement a unilateral executive amnesty for 5–6 million more illegal immigrants. This unlawful amnesty—urged on by congressional Democrats—would include work permits, taking jobs directly from millions of struggling American citizens.  Any action Congress might consider to address the current border crisis would be futile should the President go forward with these lawless actions. Congress must speak out and fight against them. It must use its spending power to stop the President’s executive amnesty.  That the House leaders’ border package includes no language on executive actions is surrender to a lawless President. And it is a submission to the subordination of congressional power.  After years of falling wages and rising joblessness, American workers are pleading for someone to hear them. How can it be that our President is brazenly advertising that he will nullify and strip away American workers’ immigration protections, and their own elected leaders will not rise to their defense? Or to the defense of our laws and our Constitutional order?  There are other grave concerns with the Granger package as well: because it does not fix our asylum rules and loopholes, the end result of the additional judges and hearings will be more illegal immigrants gaining asylum and access to U.S. welfare. It is a plan for expedited asylum, not expedited removal.  Nor will this package make our rogue President actively enforce anything, coming nowhere close to the kinds of reasonable enforcement activities needed to restore the interior application of our immigration laws.  And finally, a package that is silent on blocking executive amnesty creates an opportunity for Senate Democrats to add elements of their party’s open borders and mass immigration agenda.  This legislation is unworthy of support.”
Sen. Sessions earlier on the floor today explained another crucial reason for lawmakers to back legislation blocking Obama's executive amnesty: "It will stop [the President's planned] work authorizations for six million [illegal immigrants] who will then be able to take any job in America at a time of high unemployment and falling wages, thereby protecting American workers."  Sessions urged the public to find out where their lawmakers stand.
Today was a good step forward, but there's still plenty of work left to do.   Read more of my statement regarding the confirmation of new Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-confirmation-new-va-secretary
Come join me this Saturday at 10 am at the First Baptist Church of Columbia, South Carolina, for a special ceremony to honor our Vietnam War Era Veterans!  All who served and who wish to honor them are cordially invited.  Vietnam War Era veterans will receive a pin and a certificate commemorating their service. RSVP or learn more at 844-820-0146 (toll free) or www.scott.senate.gov/veterans.
If you had a permit for the original bridge or road and you are simply rebuilding it in the same place, why should another permit be needed?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLonSiRGvK8&feature=youtu.be
I look forward to working with Secretary McDonald on reforming the VA to serve our nation’s veterans and their families. Secretary McDonald is taking the helm of the VA during an extremely tumultuous time. Reports of mismanagement and negligence at VA Medical Centers across the country continue to come to light. Veterans are simply not receiving the quality care that they so richly deserve, and a broken claims process has forced tens of thousands of veterans to wait months or even years for resolution. I am hopeful that Secretary McDonald will provide the necessary leadership to restore faith in the system.
The continued legal wrangling over the Deepwater Horizon disaster has created an environment of uncertainty and delays. Funding has not been released or even obligated for the final projects that have been selected under the ‘RESTORE Act.’ The 10-year prioritized project list has also been put on hold. I urge those involved with implementing the law, including the Restoration Council and the Treasury Department, to move forward with plans to establish a funding priority list, finalize the needed regulations, and complete a comprehensive plan to carry it out.
This is a major step toward improving research and treatment for the 100,000 Americans living with muscular dystrophy.
ICYMI | Here is my interview from this morning with John McArdle on CSPAN's Washington Journal.
