LIKE or SHARE if you want to see Washington get out of the way of education. At yesterday’s hearing on college accreditation, Sen. Alexander urged witnesses to spend time focusing on quality education, cutting costs and  getting “Washington out of the way.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1bIJlYg
On Tuesday Sen. Alexander announced his bill, also introduced in the House by Rep. Blackburn, to include four Tennessee Civil War battlefields in the National Park System. http://1.usa.gov/18WUOol
Senator Ayotte, along with Senator Graham and Senator Wicker, is urging her Senate colleagues to find alternative savings to replace a provision in the budget agreement that cuts retirement benefits for current and future military retirees by approximately $6 billion.
Senator Ayotte's statement on the budget agreement: "I cannot support a budget agreement that fails to deal with the biggest drivers of our debt, but instead pays for more federal spending on the backs of our active duty and military retirees - those who have put their lives on the line to defend us. My hope is that both parties can work together to replace these unfair cuts that impact our men and women in uniform with more responsible savings, such as the billions that the Government Accountability Office has identified in waste, duplication and fraud across the federal government."
Do you think the federal government should be allowed to share your private data – like your social security number or home address – with federal agencies or “private research” organizations outside of the government? How about federal bureaucrats who want to store your personal information for up to four years for “research”?  That’s precisely what many in Congress want.    Below is a video of my concerns regarding Wyden Amendment #1, which would allow broad access to your personal data.
President Obama claims he has adopted Harry Truman’s motto, “The Buck Stops Here.” Unlike President Truman, our current president placates his critics by deferring to ignorance and pretending to be oblivious about current scandals within his administration.   To paraphrase Mr. Krauthammer’s column in the Washington Post today regarding the Obamacare rollout fiasco:   Mr. President, we don’t expect you to know how to write code, but we expect you run an administration that can.   http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/charles-krauthammer-obama-the-oblivious/2013/12/12/67acc91c-6363-11e3-a373-0f9f2d1c2b61_story.html
NA
NA
Harry Reid's Christmas wish list: "[T]here are certain things we need to do before the Christmas break. We need to do those two important bills, the budget and defense. We have to do the chair of the Federal Reserve system. There is an under secretary of state that is very, very urgent according to John Kerry. We have secretary of homeland security -- deputy secretary of homeland security, under secretary of the department of interior, the head of the internal revenue service, and the remaining judge on the DC Circuit."
Local communities have invested millions in drinking water system components but a change by the EPA would require them to be thrown away if the components contain a small amount of lead, despite posing no risk to public health. I introduced a bill today that would allow municipalities to use up their current inventory of drinking water fixtures. The cost of scrapping and replacing these parts would hurt already economically-strapped localities and this bill is just one small step we can take to help them save taxpayer money. My bill would save Wyoming communities hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Yesterday the Senate Finance Committee began the process to repeal and replace the current system that Medicare uses to reimburse physicians. Changes to the Medicare ‘doc fix’ are essential, but the fix must be on the books and paid for.
After careful review of the budget agreement, I believe it will do disproportionate harm to our military retirees. Our men and women in uniform have served admirably during some of our nation’s most troubling times. They deserve more from us in their retirement than this agreement provides.  The budget deal contains a one percent reduction in cost of living benefits for some military retirees. The provision could significantly impact military retiree benefits. For example:   •	A 42-year old who retires as an enlisted E-7 could lose a minimum of $72,000.  •	A 42-year old Lt. Colonel could lose a minimum of $109,000.  Source: Military Officers Association of America (MOAA)  I truly appreciate Congressman Paul Ryan and Senator Patty Murray for their work trying to write a budget that provides relief to the Department of Defense.  But this agreement does not do enough to protect those who have spent their lives protecting our nation.
Senator Grassley lays out concerns about accountability with the Internal Revenue Service and challenges that face the agency’s next Commissioner in a Q&A. Read more here:
Did you see this? PolitiFact names “if you like your plan you can keep it” #LieOfTheYear!  Article: http://bit.ly/1bIzuBy
ICYMI check out this video about tornado recovery efforts in #Illinois, the swearing in of new U.S. Attorney Zachary Fardon, the job-creating Illiana Expressway project, and more.
I can't vote for a bill that I disagree with. I can't vote for a bill I think is going to make our budgetary situation worse rather than better.
We are grateful for the law enforcement officials who kept individuals, including many Kansans, safe today. This incident is a reminder that we must remain vigilant and reaffirm our commitment to protecting this country and its ideals from those who wish to do us harm.
Today, I announced my 2013 Service Academy Nominees. Thanks to all who applied and interviewed for admission to U.S. Service Academies. Americans are fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country in the Armed Forces. Each of these nominees will do great things for Kansas and for our country.
Today, I voted to confirm Deborah Lee James to be the next Secretary of the Air Force.  I believe she can build on the positive momentum of a better partnership between Alaska and the USAF and help bring our new Pacific era into focus.
It’s Alaska vs. Colorado over the best ski town in North America!  Alaska: you only have about 3 hours left to vote for Eaglecrest Ski Area in Juneau, and right now, we are about 120 votes down.  Click here to vote:
Happy 377th Birthday to the National Guard. Always Ready. Always There. Thanks to the Ohio National Guard and all those who serve.
I explain why this budget deal would be a surrender for conservatives in an op-ed for Breitbart. Read here: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2013/12/12/Ryan-Murray-Deal-is-a-Disaster-for-Taxpayers
I applaud the FBI and the Joint Terrorism Task Force for protecting Kansans from a terrorist attack in Wichita. Today’s arrest is a warning to us all that we must remain vigilant against those who wish to do us harm. This vigilance is ever present in those that serve our nation in law enforcement -- at all levels of government -- and I am especially grateful for their diligence and hard work to keep us safe. http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/12/13/21891923-feds-say-they-disrupted-suicide-bomb-plot-by-worker-at-wichita-airport?lite
This morning I took to the Senate floor to discuss the importance of holding a strong line with regards to Iran's nuclear development. I see no reason to trust a regime that sponsors terrorism, undermines the international community through its support for Bashar al-Assad in Syria, imprisons Christian pastors for exercising their faith, and constantly threatens the legitimacy of the State of Israel. We must impose tougher sanctions on Iran.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkckPE1yXAM&feature=youtu.be
Watch Senator Rubio in an interview about the budget deal on America's Newsroom: http://bit.ly/1hRtF91
Earlier today, Senator Rubio discussed the budget deal and immigration reform on CBS This Morning: http://bit.ly/IU0YJm
ICYMI: Listen to Senator Rubio on last night's "The Mark Levin Show": http://bit.ly/1j3en2t
Senators Rubio, Hagan Introduce Legislation To Combat Human Trafficking In Child Welfare Systems: http://1.usa.gov/18Zq1Yc  “Earlier this year, Congress took an important step to combat human trafficking by reauthorizing landmark legislation, but significant gaps remain regarding human trafficking that targets innocents in our child welfare systems,” said Rubio. “While the vast majority of prospective foster and adoptive parents are well intentioned and eager to love these children, sadly, there are those who seek to exploit our children.  For children, adoptions and foster care should be a lifeline to a better future, not a path to hell as trafficking victims.”
NA
Sen. Sessions commented on Boeing's plans to locate a new research and technology center in Huntsville:  “I am gratified to hear that Boeing is expanding its commitment to the Huntsville area by developing a new research and technology facility in the community. This will add over 300 jobs by 2015. A top flight work force with great technical skill continues to draw world class businesses. I salute the local leaders in all areas where hard work made this possible.”
Read more here: http://www.nationalguard.mil/features/birthday2013/default.aspx
Enjoyed talking with the Zielke kids from Daniel Island on their visit to DC this week!
PolitiFact, a nonpartisan fact-checker released their "Lie of the Year" yesterday—President Obama's now infamous promise to Americans, "If you like your health care plan, you can keep it."    This lie has had consequences for all Americans, but for the approximately 4 million Americans who received insurance cancellation notices as a result of Obamacare, and the millions more who were duped into supporting an ultimately harmful policy, it hits especially hard.  Read Politifact's analysis here: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2013/dec/12/lie-year-if-you-like-your-health-care-plan-keep-it/
I will be opposing the budget deal. My full statement is here: http://ow.ly/rKIdj.
Today we honor the U.S. National Guard on its 377th birthday.  To every guard member, thank you for your service!
NA
Senator Wicker is speaking about his opposition to the budget deal on the Senate floor right now. Watch here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/.
