Yesterday I visited the TX border with a bipartisan group of Members of Congress and Senators from other states who are choosing to visit Texas and see firsthand the unique challenges our southern border poses and meet with Border Patrol personnel and local leaders who have stepped up to respond to this crisis. I wish that President Obama and Majority Leader Reid would do the same. I proposed a solution with my colleague Rep. Henry Cuellar that would eliminate the profit motive for cartels who are smuggling children from Central America into the U.S. under the current loophole in a 2008 law. Harry Reid would not allow a vote on our proposal before Congress adjourned and the result is a growing crisis without a solution.
Very encouraging to see Republicans in the House uniting to #StopObamasAmnesty.
Very encouraging to see Republicans in the House uniting to #StopObamasAmnesty.
Today I traveled to the McAllen Border Patrol Station, the Hidalgo Bridge, and Lackland Air Force Base to gather information from those responsible for apprehending and detaining Central American children illegally crossing our southern border. After visiting both DHS and HHS detention facilities, there is no doubt that once in U.S. custody, these children are treated humanely. There is also no doubt, though, of the severity of this crisis, which is expected to worsen once again as temperatures cool in coming months.   The U.S. Border Patrol, which has performed remarkably well under recent pressure, is forced to operate less efficiently in order to cope with legal constraints preventing them from safely and quickly returning these children home. This message of “inefficient operation” was driven home time and time again. While additional financial resources are part of the solution, I believe now, more than ever, that changes to current law to expedite the repatriation process are the key to solving this problem.
Just ran 5K in Dike Iowa famous Watermellon Days celebration   "Dike,, a Slice of Iowa "
Today I joined friends and fellow aviators at the Oklahoma aviation luncheon at the Oshkosh airshow. We had the opportunity to discuss the important reforms that have been made in the Pilot’s Bill of Rights since it became law two years ago and how the new Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2 (PBOR2) will expand on those reforms while cutting burdensome red tape for aviators. EAA Chairman and fellow Oklahoman Jack Pelton joined us and took questions. Oklahoma was well represented with people from Norman, Enid, Guymon, Ardmore, and Ada in attendance meeting with aviation companies looking to bring new jobs to Oklahoma. #OSH14  For those interested in the new PBOR2, please click here: http://issuu.com/jiminhofe/docs/pbor2_issu
I will be hosting a forum at Oshkosh AirVenture today at 10AM CST to get feedback on the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2. If you are at Oshkosh I hope that you will join us. If you were unable to make it, you can still submit comments and feedback on my website here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/feedback/PBOR2
The talk of Hays yesterday was the launch of SkyWest passenger service between Hays Regional Airport and Denver, Colorado. Access to reliable, local air service is critical for the economic development of communities like Hays, Kansas. This is a very exciting time as the community also looks forward to the groundbreaking ceremony for the terminal expansion this coming Tuesday.
Today both chambers of Congress passed with overwhelming majorities legislation in support of the "Iron Dome" missile-defense system. This will allow for continued operation of joint-efforts between the United States and Israel that have produced critical and life-saving defense technology. In recent weeks, the Iron Dome system has intercepted many of the thousands of rockets fired from Gaza into Israel.
Back in Alaska for the month, enjoying First Friday catching up with local artists.
Delivered cases of water to Waite High School in Toledo today. Monitoring situation closely with federal, state, and local officials.
NA
Joining ABC's "This Week" tomorrow morning - showed them around where I grew up. Visit abcnews.go.com/thisweek to see what time it will air in your area!
Thank you to all who came to honor our Vietnam veterans today - truly a day we'll never forget.
Medal of Honor Recipient General Livingston to Vietnam Veterans: You deserve praise, recognition, love, and respect. You have all of that here today.
To the young people with us who are looking for a hero, look around. Those who wear our uniform and protect our country are the true American heroes.
Humbled by the crowd that turned out today to honor our Vietnam War era veterans. Your service and sacrifice will truly never be forgotten.
