Congratulations to the White County Medical Center Auxiliary for 30,000 volunteer hours. The work of this organization and other similar groups throughout the state is invaluable to our medical professionals and patients in Arkansas who benefit from their great efforts.
One of the most iconic structures in the United States turned 150 years old this week.  The U.S. Capitol Dome was completed 150 years ago when the Statue of Freedom was placed at the top of the dome.  The statue depicts a female figure wearing a military helmet and holding a sheathed sword in her right hand and a laurel wreath and shield in her left.  CBS’ 60 Minutes did a story about the Capitol Dome, its history and the future. I  encourage all of you to watch the video by following the link below.
Wishing Baylor quarterback Bryce Petty good luck before the big game.
Got the chance to catch up with the Baylor Bears before they headed into practice for their last regular season game.
Cornyn Applauds Move to Enforce Background Checks on Texas Navigators:
Honored to meet WWII veteran Richard Overton, our nation’s oldest living veteran, at his home in Austin today.  Truly a member of the Greatest Generation.
Senator Cornyn joined Trey Ware to talk about Obamacare on KTSA this morning:
Looking forward to visiting Richard Arvine Overton, the nation’s oldest WWII veteran at age 107, at his home in East Austin.
If President Obama wants to improve income inequality, we should repeal the nation's biggest job-killer: Obamacare. #FullRepeal
Ever the salesman, President Obama has started yet another media surge on Obamacare. He’s peddling a faulty product. We need a new, step-by-step approach that is about more choices, competition and lower costs.  What would be more productive is if he and the Senate majority leader would stop blocking our efforts to really let people keep health insurance they like, more reasonably define small business, allow insurance sales across state lines and other measures that would succeed where this law fails.
Today I was given the opportunity to speak at the Wyoming Stock Growers Winter Convention in Casper. The House and Senate are working in a conference committee to resolve the differences between the Senate and House-passed Farm Bill but major issues still remain. I have been pushing several issues important to Wyoming, including finding new resources for managing brucellosis. This disease remains a constant threat to the marketability of Wyoming livestock.
Earlier today I toured the Fremont Area Medical Center and spoke about the impacts of Obamacare. So impressed by the commitment of its staff to creating a patient-centered environment and providing quality care.
Yesterday I had the chance to stop by the John Crane Orion manufacturing facility in Columbus. Always good to see thriving Nebraska businesses in action. I spoke with managers and employees about the plant’s exports to countries around the world.
Interviews with J Curtis Huckleberry are always enjoyable.
Just finished having coffee with constituents in Hennessey; I appreciated the opportunity to join State Representative Mike Sanders for this event at City Hall. We discussed the importance of energy production and the Obama administration’s war on fossil fuels. It’s good to be in the state hearing my fellow Oklahomans’ opinion on the government shutdown and their questions regarding negative implications of the new nuclear option deal.
My pen-pal Jackson continues his incredible stroke recovery. I'm thankful for his friendship. #NeverGiveUp
"With troubling and increasing frequency, bad actors leverage the complexity of our patent laws to extort illegitimate fees from unsuspecting businesses. Start-ups and small businesses that do not have large litigation budgets are hit particularly hard by this devious practice.  Of course, large companies and retailers are also negatively affected. Confronted with meritless litigation, these businesses must choose between doling out large payments to settle a frivolous case or paying significant lawyers’ fees to fight back. These unnecessary costs mean American consumers pay more for the products they buy.  No one disputes the value of intellectual property. But the recent abuses we have seen do not protect legitimate intellectual-property rights or the interests of inventors. Instead, they serve only to enrich opportunistic litigants or 'patent trolls,' who have no interest in innovation or patents."  Learn more about the bipartisan, bicameral effort to prevent abuse of our patent system:
Good to visit the US Marines protecting U.S. Embassy Libya in Tripoli - thank you for your service!
For four years, Alan Gross, an American citizen, has been unjustly detained and punished by the Cuban government. I encourage you to watch his wife Judy’s interview which aired on CNN last night. She tells Alan’s story and explains her ongoing fight to get President Obama to take action to bring her husband home.
Black Friday is in the bag, so is Cyber Monday, and that makes today #GivingTuesday!  It’s in that spirit that Greg from my Anchorage office is giving cookies to the Armed Services YMCA today.  The group will distribute the yummy treats to some of our service men and women who are single, living in the barracks at JBER and are far away from their families this Christmas.  If you are able, please consider giving to your favorite local charity so that all Alaskans might have a holiday season that is just a little brighter.  
 
 Pictured: Paulette Ramage, JoAnn Handy, Greg Kaplan and Kim Nahom
Just got the Christmas tree up in my DC office, and this year it's a beauty from Dirr Nurseries in Goshen, OH.
NA
NA
It was a pleasure to visit with nearly 1,000 of my friends tonight, including KFB President Steve Baccus, at the 95th Kansas Farm Bureau Annual Meeting in Manhattan. What a great turnout of producers and community leaders. I truly appreciate all the support, advice and counsel. There is no doubt, KFB is - The Voice of Kansas Agriculture.
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Transatlantic Alliance and Conservative Movement on SKY News: http://1.usa.gov/1g7i9px
Senator Rubio Concludes Official Visit to London: http://1.usa.gov/1azCCuY
 
 Rubio visits the House of Commons chamber, escorted by Member of Parliament Priti Patel:
Sen. Sessions responded to the President’s speech on the deteriorating conditions facing working Americans. Sessions pointed out that the President has been meeting with a small group of CEOs to craft an immigration plan that would displace U.S. workers:  “It is shocking for the President to give a speech about income disparity and falling wages while pushing an immigration plan that will hammer American workers and widen the disparity. The Congressional Budget Office confirms the White House-backed plan would reduce wages, reduce per capita GNP, and increase unemployment. The President says people are worried ‘the system is rigged’ and yet it is the President who has teamed up with a small cadre of CEOs to double the flow of immigrant workers when these exact same companies are laying off American workers in droves.   Wages for American workers are lower today than they were more than a decade ago—and take-home pay has fallen each year since the President came into office. A recent study demonstrated that all net job growth since 2000 has gone to immigrant workers while the number of U.S.-born Americans working has declined by 1.3 million.   The President’s policies also threaten college students who are about to enter a difficult economy. His plan would more than double the number of temporary foreign workers for wealthy tech companies. As Professor Ron Hira, a leading expert on H-1B visas, has noted, the visas are being used for ‘facilitating offshoring and providing employers with cheap, temporary labor—while reducing job opportunities for American high-tech workers in the process.’   Harvard professor Dr. George Borjas found that high levels of immigration between 1980 and 2000 caused the wages of lower-skilled American workers to drop nearly 8 percent. He also found current immigration levels have resulted in a $402 billion annual wage loss for workers but a $437 billion increase in profits for business owners.   It is time to have an open and honest conversation about our shrinking middle class and the consequences of our immigration policies on American workers and their wages. Unfortunately, that is not what we got from the President today.   The truth is that the policy formula favored by President Obama—more regulation, hostility to American energy, anti-growth taxation, surging debt, bigger government, more federal interference, government-run healthcare, and mindless immigration policies—are the cause, not the cure, for growing middle class distress.”
NA
Yesterday marked the lighting of the Capitol Christmas Tree in Washington DC--the Christmas season has begun!
Icymi, here's my visit to The Preston & Steve Show on 93.3 WMMR at Philly's Camp Out for Hunger this morning. Thanks for the good work you're doing guys! http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=audio&id=1214
Hosting a prescription drug roundtable with PA State Rep. Joe Hackett, Delco DA Jack Whalen, members of the Delaware County Council, and local residents.
Jumping on TalkRadio WPHT with Dom Giordano in just a few. Hope you can tune in:
Catching up with NBC10 Philadelphia's Tracy Davidson before going on with Preston & Steve.
Visiting The Preston & Steve Show on 93.3 WMMR at Philly's Camp Out for Hunger in a few. Come on by XFINITY Live! Philadelphia and make a donation. See you soon!
Looking forward to visiting with The Preston & Steve Show on 93.3 WMMR tomorrow morning and making a donation to the Camp Out for Hunger.  If you are in the area and able, donations are being accepted until Friday afternoon at the Camp Out for Hunger headquarters- outside of XFINITY Live! Philadelphia.
Had a terrific visit to DeSoto Central Middle School this afternoon.
