Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) today spoke on the floor of the U.S. Senate about a Federal Circuit Court of Appeals panel's ruling Friday that President Obama violated the constitution when he appointed three individuals to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012.  Alexander said, "These two [unconstitutionally appointed] members of the NLRB should resign immediately and pack their bags and go home with our thanks for their hard work—despite the fact that the 219 cases they voted on ought to all be vacated—and probably will be when someone brings a challenge to those cases. A new sign needs to go up at the National Labor Relations Board. Take down that sign that says 'Open for Business.' Put up a sign that says 'Help Wanted, Nominations Accepted.'"   Alexander continued, "Let me give you an example that might affect the state of Tennessee. We were very concerned last year when a complaint began to make its way through the National Labor Relations Board affecting the Boeing Company and its decision to put a plant in South Carolina. In other words, Boeing, from a state that does not have a right-to-work law, wanted to put a new plant in a state that does have a right-to-work law...Well, that eventually got settled after a lot of expense, but let's say we have a small supplier in the state of Illinois, which is not a right-to-work state, who might want to move to Tennessee or Virginia, which are, and someone files a complaint. Do we want a board there that's unconstitutionally placed?"
I’m considering legislation to stop pay for the unconstitutional National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) appointees. Watch my remarks from today’s Republican Leadership Stakeout on this topic.
This morning I joined the team at Mountain Talk Radio (KJMT-OD - 97.1 FM) in Mountain Home for their morning show. We discussed the debate over Second Amendment rights, aid to Egypt and my support for the No Budget, No Pay Act.  If you missed it, you can listen to the entire interview
If you are a small business owner in the Fort Smith area, you may want to check out this free workshop offered by the Arkansas Small Business & Technology Development Center, a cooperative program of the Small Business Administration and the University of Arkansas, Little Rock. The two workshops will focus on online marketing and start Thursday at 10 am at the Fort Smith Public Library Main Branch. Get the details by following this link
NA
News Release: The spring interns have arrived in my Washington, D.C., and Idaho offices.  As a former intern myself, I know how important it is for them to learn about the political process and federal government.
My colleague and Chair of the Senate Republican Conference, Senator John Thune (R-SD), delivered the weekly Republican address.  Senator Thune talked about the need to reduce our out of control spending and put us on a path to fiscal prosperity.  Hope you will take a look.
The Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus, presented Senator Collins with the Navy Distinguished Public Service Award in her Washington, DC office today.  This award, established in 1951, is the highest public service honor bestowed by the Department of the Navy and is awarded to civilians for service that benefits the Navy, Marine Corps and Department of the Navy.
VIDEO: Cornyn: If We Don't Get a Handle on Spending and Debt, Not Much Else Matters:
Amid all the distractions, why so little focus on 7.8% unemployment, with millions working part, not full time, and many having stopped looking for work altogether?
VIDEO: Cornyn: Hagel Does Not Understand Importance of U.S.-Israel Alliance:
NA
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel recently sent letters urging Bank of America and TD Bank Group to stop doing business with Smith & Wesson and Sturm, Ruger & Co.   I wrote a letter in response, urging Mayor Emanuel to keep his attacks on the Second Amendment north of the Red River and to let the companies know that their business would be welcomed in Texas.   Hope you'll take a moment to read and SHARE the letter:
Having one doctor per 3,500 people in New York City means one thing. It means something entirely different when that one doctor serves 3,500 people across more than 10,000 square miles, like in Wyoming.  Click below to watch video and to read my opening statements from a Senate Subcommittee on Primary Health and Aging hearing today about efficiency of the delivery of health care.
I’ve been asked about aid for people hurt by Hurricane Sandy and there’s been a lot of national media attention on the subject.  Unfortunately some folks insist on believing that many in the House and Senate are denying help to those folks.  In the Senate, I voted for legislation that would provide nearly $24 billion to the communities affected.  However, the majority rejected that proposal in favor of a $60 billion bill that included funding programs not directly related to Hurricane Sandy or even related to disaster relief at all.  I voted against that wasteful bill and against a similarly wasteful $50 billion bill from the House again this week, but the Senate passed it. The House had already passed a $9.7 billion emergency bill Jan. 4.  The Senate signed off on it and President Obama signed it Jan. 6. We should help those in need, but we shouldn’t take advantage of popular emergency funding bills in order to pay for non-emergency needs. Since there are emergencies every year, we should budget for them and not have to borrow money every time there is a natural disaster. We should also limit how many years a disaster is still called an emergency and paid for with newly printed money or new debt.
I discussed the importance of committees, a budget, health care and other topics with Wyoming Public Radio last week.  A link to the interview is below.
On the President’s immigration reform proposal: The bipartisan Senate framework deems border security a priority by making eventual citizenship contingent on measurable increases in border security. The President’s proposal doesn’t contain similar language. This provision is key to ensuring that border security is achieved, and is also necessary to ensure that a reform package can actually move through Congress.   The President’s proposal is also silent on a temporary worker program that will be needed to ensure that future labor needs are addressed.  This was one of the major failures of the 1986 immigration law, and we can't repeat that mistake here.
The Nebraska Wheat Board (NWB) and Nebraska Wheat Growers Association (NWGA) stressed the importance of trade during our meeting. Half of Nebraska’s wheat is exported annually.
Congratulations to Charlie Hough from Wheeler Elementary in Omaha for being a 2011-2012 National Parent Teacher Association Reflections Art Program award winner. His artwork is currently featured at the U.S. Department of Education. To view Charlie’s artwork, “An Alien in a World of Clones,” based off of this year’s theme “Diversity Means…” click on the following link:
 http://www.flickr.com/photos/92051579@N08/8359182162/in/set-72157632461511925
Please "Share" this update with your Friends on Facebook.  In anticipation of tomorrow’s hearing on gun control, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and I instructed our staffs to work to ensure various unloaded firearms, under law enforcement supervision, could be brought into the hearing.    Our goal is simple - to educate fellow Senators and members of the public how and why firearms are used by millions of law-abiding Americans for self-defense, hunting, and sporting purposes.  We also want to shatter the mistaken belief that guns in the hands of law-abiding citizens are a danger to society.    It is every bit as important we make that distinction as it is to note that one gun in the hand of mentally-deranged individual is one too many.    Our offices worked with various officials in local and federal law enforcement, as well as the Senate Sergeant at Arms, but it appears that the requirements to secure the weapons at the hearing are so impractical as to be unworkable.    Not having a full, honest, and open debate about firearms will only lead to further disenchantment and frustration by the American people on this important topic.
Is President Obama today going to say there's no need to link a pathway to citizenship to border security?  Mr. President, the last time we provided a pathway to citizenship and didn't secure our border was in 1986. We're never going to do that again. We're never going to allow people to have a legal status until we secure our border.
will be speaking with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 pm about Secretary Clinton's testimony on Benghazi and the immigration reform framework introduced today.
I applaud Japan for agreeing to Accept our beef. It's ridiculous that 8 yrs after a mad cow case that they used as an xcuse Our beef is safe
Stimulus spending &borrowing didn't work. Unemployment still near 8%. Time for spend reforms& to cut deficits to improve economy/create jobs
Grassley Outlines Shortcomings in Proposed IRS Whistleblower Regulations
Justice Department Pressed on “Too Big to Jail”
Concern Over Approval of Foreign Purchase of Taxpayer-Funded A123
Grassley Seeks Improvements from CFTC Inspector General’s Office
Cosponsored an immigration reform bill to address a growing shortage of highly-skilled workers in the United States. Learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/119fvmV
Had a great meeting with U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki. Looking forward to working with him to help Nevada veterans.
 http://1.usa.gov/118K3W3
It is encouraging to see President Obama, Senate Democrats and Senate Republicans commit to passing reforms that will create an orderly immigration process for those wishing to take part in the American Dream. For far too long, many in Washington have focused on the twenty percent where Democrats and Republicans disagree. We are making progress towards a proposal that focuses on the 80 percent where both sides of the aisle can come to an agreement.  Since November, I have had several conversations with Senator Rubio, as well as discussions with Senator Graham, Senator Flake and Representative Raúl Labrador about my views on comprehensive immigration reform. This bipartisan group of Senators has provided a reasonable starting point for Republicans and Democrats to work together. I support many of the principles included in this plan, and look forward to reviewing specific details in the weeks and months ahead. As the President prepares to release his own ideas for immigration reform, it is my hope that he looks to this bipartisan proposal as a blueprint for his plans moving forward. http://1.usa.gov/XaeLgr
“This decision is a real gain for North Dakota ranchers. More broadly, it is an important step forward in our ongoing efforts to foster a stronger trade relationship between the U.S. and Japan. By changing its age-based import limits, Japan now has access to a much larger amount of high quality, safe U.S. beef, and in turn our producers will have more opportunities to expand their exports and grow their businesses.”
ICYMI: Last night I spoke with FOX's Hannity on the Administration's short-sighted decision to move forward with the delivery of F-16s to Egypt: http://nation.foxnews.com/sen-jim-inhofe/2013/01/28/state-department-refuses-delay-delivery-f16s-egypt
The President knowingly tested the limits when making his controversial "recess" appointments last year, and I applaud the U.S. Court of Appeals' recent ruling that reaffirms his actions were unconstitutional. http://1.usa.gov/W9gi98
I want to thank Secretary Ray LaHood for his many years of service to the people of Illinois and this country, and I applaud his ability to bring people together.    I add myself to the many voices in Washington who agree that he will be missed.
I congratulate Senator Kerry on his confirmation to be Secretary of State. I look forward to working with him to strengthen our national security, promote American values abroad and support our democratic allies.
Yesterday I released this statement about the immigration proposal that was introduced in the Senate.  I was encouraged that the proposal contained many areas where there is strong bipartisan support to reform the system.  I have concerns that the guidelines of the proposal contemplate a policy that will grant special benefits to illegal immigrants based on their unlawful presence in the country.  Reforms to our complex and dysfunctional immigration system should not in any way favor those who came here illegally over the millions of applicants who seek to come here lawfully.  I will be formulating an approach that deals with points of agreement on several issues, with special attention to addressing border security and fixing our legal immigration system before we create special categories for those here illegally.
Sixty two senators voted against my amendment to require tiny spending cuts spread over nine years, so we could responsibly offset Sandy relief spending and avoid adding billions to our $16 trillion dollar debt.
“The problem is real. The solution will be painful. There is no easy way out. Everything must be on the table. And Washington must lead.” —The Moment of Truth, Report of the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform  Like President Obama’s Debt Commission stated, the time is now to cut spending. I’m committed to fighting for fiscal responsibility, and hope you’ll share your input. View the video below, and visit www.moran.senate.gov/ourfuture to join the fight.
On January 29, 1861, our state was founded on the ideals of personal freedom and individual liberty. The 152nd anniversary serves as a time to challenge all Kansans to carry on the enduring legacy of our founders.  I believe there are bright days ahead, and look forward to a prosperous future for our state. Click the link below to read my editorial.
It is thought to be compassionate to spend money. But how can it be compassionate to spend money that is not ours, that is the next generation’s?  Join the fight at www.moran.senate.gov/ourfuture.
I am so glad to see this project moving forward- we need to tackle the problem of suicide in our state from all fronts.  Evon Peter is doing good things in Interior Alaska and now his “We Breathe Again” project is getting national attention:
We don’t refer to it as Mt. McKinley we just call it “Denali.”  That’s what we’ve always called it.  Denali is an Athabascan word and it means “The High One.”  And as you think about this incredible mountain, you think that’s pretty appropriately named. All my bill I introduced today would do is make that name official:  http://1.usa.gov/115rRCn
Rep. Duncan and I just issued a Dear Colleague letter to members of House and Senate leadership requesting immediate action from both chambers of Congress to fully investigate the facts surrounding the Benghazi Attack.   http://paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=686
Yesterday, the Heritage Action for America announced 29 Members of Congress — six Senators and 23 Representatives — achieved Sentinel status in the 112th Congress by scoring a 90% or higher on the organization’s comprehensive legislative scorecard.   I received a 96%, and I will continue to vote to protect the freedom of all Americans in the 113th Congress.   http://heritageactionscorecard.com/scorecard/index.html#ky#state#Kentucky
It was great to meet with educators from the Kansas Association of School Boards today. We had a wonderfully productive conversation about the status and future of Kansas' schools and students.
Lots of excitement in Manhattan with GTM Sportswear's announcement of an acquisition which creates 500 new jobs in Kansas. Congratulations to owner Dave Dreiling, and to Gov Sam Brownback and KDOC Sec Pat George who were on hand for this major announcement.
Congratulations to the City of Leawood and Mayor Peggy Dunn for another successful year reported in today's State of the City Address. Thank you for your leadership as the economy continues to grow and the city receives recognition as a great place to live.
Thanks to Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren for his visit and speech in Overland Park last night hosted by the Jewish Community Relations Bureau/American Jewish Committee and Executive Director Marvin Szneler. I wish the Ambassador well at his Landon Lecture today Kansas State University.
Happy Kansas Day!
Senator Rubio Comments On President’s Immigration Speech: http://1.usa.gov/WzI2Ae
Senator Rubio Discusses Immigration With Rush Limbaugh: http://1.usa.gov/Yg2HeF   Limbaugh: “What you are doing is admirable and noteworthy. You are recognizing reality. You’re trumpeting it, you’re shouting it.”
In Senate Floor Speech, Rubio Challenges Obama To Avoid Immigration Bidding War: http://1.usa.gov/WdFI5k  Senator Marco Rubio: “In a few hours, the President will give a speech in Nevada. And early press accounts concern me. I don’t want to turn this into a partisan thing, though. Let me just say this.  If this endeavor becomes a bidding war to see who can come up with the easiest, quickest and cheapest pathway to a green card possible, this thing is not going to go well, folks. We have now a very common sense and reasonable set of principles, and I hope that the President will say today is that he hopes that that process succeeds. But if his intentions are to trigger a bidding war to see who can come up with the easiest process, this is not a good start.”
Senator Marco Rubio Discusses Immigration Proposal with FOX News’ Sean Hannity: Transcript: http://1.usa.gov/Xd8Veh
ICYMI: WSJ Editorial Highlights “Promising Senate Framework” On Immigration Reform: http://1.usa.gov/VjStrf
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Bipartisan Talks On Immigration Reform with Michael Medved: http://1.usa.gov/113ACge: Video: http://bit.ly/Uyooa0
Sen. Sessions, on the Senate floor just now, said this of the director of the U.S.'  top immigration law enforcement agency:  "At the center of this misconduct is John Morton, the director of ICE. The evidence that I am about to share with you leads me to the unfortunate conclusion that Mr. Morton can no longer effectively serve at his post, and perhaps more importantly there can be no comprehensive immigration reform as long as he's the person charged with enforcing it."
NA
Sen. Sessions: "A large-scale amnesty is likely to add trillions of dollars to the debt over time, accelerate Medicare’s and Social Security’s slide into insolvency, and put enormous strain on our public assistance programs.  We know already that the administration refuses to enforce existing law restricting immigrant welfare use, and in fact promotes expanded welfare use to immigrants—including food stamps, public housing, and Medicaid. I joined with four Ranking Members to obtain answers from the Department of Homeland Security about this evisceration of law, and the Administration has suspiciously defied three consecutive oversight requests."
I had the honor to be interviewed by some very courageous young people when I visited the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia for Teen Cancer Awareness Week. They asked me questions about finding inspiration and meeting challenges. I think they are the real experts in both.
I’m glad to see the Pittsburgh VA Legionnaires' outbreak is receiving the needed attention. It is critical that we ensure the safety of our veterans.
