Go Hogs! I'm ready to cheer on the #Razorbacks to victory tomorrow. Follow me on Instagram @JohnBoozman and tag me in your photo with your best Arkansas A.
If you missed our interview with KASU Public Radio you can listen to it here.
I'll be joining Jonesboro's KASU Public Radio for an interview in about 10 minutes. You can listen live at the link below.
NA
Last night, I attended an Indiana Canine Assistant Network event and heard inspirational stories about ICAN dogs that help Hoosiers with disabilities.
Capacity crowd for my town meeting this afternoon at Rathdrum City Hall. Thank you all for joining me! #idpol
Great audience and beautiful facilities here at the Priest Lake Event Center. Thanks for hosting my town meeting this morning! #idpol
There was no shortage of great questions at yesterday evening’s town meetings in Laclede and Sandpoint. Solutions to revitalize our economy, tax reform and the need to streamline government spending dominated much of the discussion.  I am looking forward to the remaining town meetings in Kootenai County today. #idpol    Friday, October 10   Rathrdrum 12:00 PM to 1:00 PM Rathdrum City Hall 8047 W. Main Street   Hayden 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM Hayden City Hall 83930 N. Government Way
The Kootenai Tribe of Idaho held a ribbon cutting ceremony for the launch of the phenomenal Twin Rivers Hatchery for white sturgeon and burbot--the leading hatchery of its kind in the world.  I was proud to offer the keynote remarks at the dedication along the Moyie River. #idpol
NA
NA
Cornyn Responds To Report That President May Defy Congress on GITMO:
Toured Lone Star College-Conroe yesterday with Rep. Brady and received an update from school and local business leaders about the college’s workforce development programs to help prepare students for quality careers
Cornyn, McCaul Request Enhanced Ebola Screening at Dallas, Houston Airports:
Even more evidence that the Fort Hood shooting was radical Islamic terrorism — not “workplace violence."
Make no mistake: Internet taxes are going to make it harder for small businesses to operate. #NoNetTax
Congrats to Hornady Manufacturing Company and Lincoln Industries for being named the 2014 Nebraksa Manufactures of the Year! http://www.omaha.com/money/lincoln-g-i-employers-named-nebraska-manufacturers-of-the-year/article_5e07d1ca-4fcd-11e4-97ee-0017a43b2370.html
As a few thousand of our troops will be sent to West Africa to aid in the Ebola outbreak, I am deeply committed to conducting rigorous oversight of this mission to ensure our men and women are provided the protection they deserve, and I will hold the Administration accountable. I have already been doing this the past couple weeks with enforcing transparency in how the Administration wants the U.S. involved in aiding the crisis, and I hope you'll read more about it here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-approves-reprogramming-request-for-ebola-response-effort
3,430+ people have died in West Africa from Ebola & the first death on American soil happened this week in Dallas. I met with Isovac, an Illinois company that manufactures a Patient Isolation Unit (PIU) to keep medical personnel & first responders safe from exposure to Ebola when assisting patients who have contracted the disease.  The CDC should use it nationwide in the fight against #Ebola.  More on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1D11f4D
Senator McConnell said he believes Nelson County’s HIDTA designation “will be a significant moment in this community’s ongoing fight against those who seek to benefit from the misery wrought by illegal drug use. I want to thank HIDTA Executive Director Frank Rapier for his leadership. I also want to thank our hosts, Chief Rick McCubbin and Sheriff Stephen Campbell. We are glad today to announce that Nelson County has been included in the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, or ‘HIDTA’ program.”
During an event in Bardstown, Kentucky, U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell announced Friday that Nelson County is now included in the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) program. A HIDTA designation provides agencies with coordination, equipment, technology, and additional resources to combat drug production and trafficking. Earlier this year, Senator McConnell spoke directly with the Acting Drug Czar Michael Botticelli to advocate on behalf of Nelson County’s HIDTA designation.    At the event, Senator McConnell said he believes Nelson County’s HIDTA designation “will be a significant moment in this community’s ongoing fight against those who seek to benefit from the misery wrought by illegal drug use. I want to thank HIDTA Executive Director Frank Rapier for his leadership. I also want to thank our hosts, Chief Rick McCubbin and Sheriff Stephen Campbell. We are glad today to announce that Nelson County has been included in the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, or ‘HIDTA’ program.”  Photo Courtesy of Fallon Glick of WDRB-TV
Congratulations to Captain Joel Jungemann for receiving his retirement flag today and for 26 years of honorable service in the U.S. Navy.  Capt. Jungemann has been serving as the Director of Plans, Policy and Strategy for Alaskan Command and Joint Task Force Alaska.  Thank you for your service to our nation and great state!
The tireless commitment demonstrated by 17-year-old Malala Yousafzai is to be applauded. Congratulations to this young woman for becoming the youngest Nobel Prize winner ever! Everyone can take heart in her optimism and courage in the face of cowardly Taliban threats.  Education is the key to moving everything forward worldwide for generations to come.
In Kwigillingok earlier this week I visited elder Agnes Lewis, to look at how her brick ceramic heater is using wind power to heat her home. Kwigillingok is one of 4 villages belonging to the Chaninik Wind Group that is using wind power to reduce their reliance on diesel.
Inspired by Nobel Prize winners Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi for brave activism and their fight for the rights of women and children.
Republicans do have policies & plans and do care about fixing problems in our nation's cities.   Read more HERE: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/10/10/in-ferguson-rand-paul-is-the-republicans-race-man/
More coverage from my visit to Ferguson: http://time.com/3490123/rand-paul-ferguson/
Coverage from today's listening session in Ferguson: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/10/rand-paul-meets-with-black-leaders-in-ferguson-111772.html
Today, I held a listening session in Ferguson, MO with leaders of the community. The goal of the meeting was to learn more about how we can fix the problems of criminal injustice together.  READ MORE HERE: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1228
Congratulations to Malala Yousafzai for becoming the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner. Malala's courage, vibrancy and wit should make all of us  proud.   http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2012/10/29/rand-paul-malala-yousufzai-pakistan/1663945/
ICYMI: Rubio: Why I Am Fighting For School Choice, A Lifeline For Low-Income Kids  Rubio: "Put simply, Florida’s Tax Credit Scholarship Program is an example of public policy at its best. It should outrage all Floridians – and all Americans – that the program is under attack by those who would rather protect their own narrow interests than the rights of parents and the well-being of children. Some say their selfish approach is just politics. I say it’s a moral outrage."
The Wall Street Journal reported that the Obama Administration will attempt to circumvent Congress, ignore the will of the American people and transfer prisoners from Guantanamo Bay to domestic locations, possibly including the Naval brig in Hanahan, South Carolina.  I have yet to see any plans or studies that show that transferring prisoners from Guantanamo Bay to South Carolina or any other domestic location will make America safer. We are talking about some of the most dangerous terrorists in the world, including planners of September 11th and the attack on the U.S.S. Cole. They should stay right where they are – in cells at the prison on Guantanamo Bay, far away from our schools and families.  If the administration attempts to push this idea forward it will meet serious opposition, period.  Full statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/us-senator-tim-scott-statement-guantanamo-detainee-transfers
Have you seen Pennsylvania native Bradley Cooper's latest comments on this great rivalry? Looking forward to a big Philadelphia Eagles win on Sunday night against the New York Giants! #FlyEaglesFly
Can't wait for the  Museum of the American Revolution to open! 
