Sen. Alexander said of his alternative proposal: “This agreement…will save billions of dollars in interest for all 11 million students taking out loans this year by dropping rates on all student loans.” Follow this link for more information on Alexander’s “Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act,” and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you want a long-term fix for ALL student loans instead of a “short-term political fix”: http://1.usa.gov/12ovodd
Enjoyed meeting yesterday with Caroline Carter and her mom, Peggy, of Dover, NH.  Caroline is a delegate to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's 2013 Children's Congress, helping raise awareness about diabetes and meeting with members of congress on Capitol Hill this week.
The Obama Administration announced the  delay of ObamaCare mandate for job creators, but that’s not enough. We need a permanent delay of this government takeover for all Americans. That’s why I joined Senator Ted Cruz today to cosponsor the ObamaCare Repeal Act, which will defund this flawed law.
During Senator Warren’s floor speech on #studentloans she mentioned “obscene profits” being made on the backs of students. Today’s Washington Post gives her two pinocchios for the claim.   Click below to read the article.
Yesterday I joined 45 GOP Senators in sending a letter to POTUS urging the permanent delay of #Obamacare. As the deadline approaches many Democrats and Republicans have expressed their concern for the program, its rollout, and its catastrophic consequences for the American people.    Read our letter below.
NA
This morning, I talked to Trevor Trujillo on Laramie's KOWB radio about my recent trip to visit over 160 Wyoming National Guard soldiers deployed in Bahrain.
Staff found this photo from my visit to the @Chobani factory back in May. #idpol #GreekYogurt
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I joined our Senate Republican colleagues in asking for a full delay of all components of Obamacare.  In the letter to President Obama, we write that Congress was not consulted on the decision to delay the employer mandate provisions in the legislation announced last week.  As such, the entire law should be shelved in order to avoid the economic harm it will cause to American families.  I have serious concerns that the administration has overstepped its authority to waive portions of the law without the consent of Congress.  Individuals still need a reprieve from this train wreck and I hope the administration will realize this, offer a permanent delay and work with Congress to enact reforms that will lower costs and increase access to health care.
Cornyn Opposes ATF Nominee With Troubling Track Record:
Surreal: Sen. McConnell offers to vote on 12 Obama nominees and Sen. Reid objects.  Can you say, "manufactured crisis"?
VIDEO: Obamacare: Broken Before it Even Begins:
Team Cornyn beat the now infamous IRS "Cheetahs" tonight 17-2. We were able to get the game in before the storm
Today in Washington at 12:00 p.m. ET, Senator Corker will be participating in a panel discussion regarding the future of the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force and reasserting Congress’ role in authorizing military involvement overseas. Senator Corker has called for Congress to consider updating the AUMF to address the changing nature of the conflict with al Qaeda and its affiliates now almost twelve years after the 9/11 attacks.  Watch a live stream here: http://bit.ly/1326CzY.
Today at 10:00 a.m. ET, the Foreign Relations Committee is holding a hearing on transition in Afghanistan.  Watch a live stream here: http://1.usa.gov/1daPQAj.  Senator Corker returned Monday from a weekend trip to Afghanistan and Pakistan to evaluate U.S. policy in the region.  Read more about his 4th trip to the region here: http://1.usa.gov/10JnhaS.
In Case You Missed It: Senator Corker penned an op-ed for the Chattanooga Times Free Press today about his support for the Senate immigration bill. “The Senate immigration bill has drawn support from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, chambers and universities across Tennessee, the American Conservative Union, the Southern Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, among many, many others, who believe as I do, that from economic, national security, deficit reduction and moral standpoints, our country must enact real immigration reform now,” wrote Corker. Read more: http://bit.ly/18Od9Co.
I agree with the lead Senate author of Obamacare, Democrat Senator Max Baucus, that Obamacare has become a "huge train wreck."
 
 Consistent with my long-standing position that no continuing resolution or other appropriations measure should fund Obamacare, I am introducing a bill to permanently defund the law: http://1.usa.gov/15jsl58
 
 SHARE if you're with me!
I joined my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee yesterday in demanding an in-depth analysis on how the Administration will prevent the new health insurance exchanges from becoming a burden on the federal budget and ensure exchange operations are self-sustaining, as required by law. Click here to read the letter we sent.
Yesterday, I signed a letter with my Senate Republican colleagues to President Obama urging him to permanently delay the implementation of ObamaCare.   We wrote:   “This law is unworkable and harmful to the economy and to American families and your actions to delay the employer mandate are an acknowledgement of this fact.  While your recent action provides temporary relief for some, we believe that all Americans deserve permanent relief from this onerous law, so that we can adopt common-sense reforms that will actually lower costs and that Americans support.”  Please 'Share' with your Facebook friends if you agree with our letter and believe Americans deserve permanent relief from Obamacare.
I'm visiting w @WiseSoph bc she does not blieve I do my own tweets.  We at DCA
If Senate Majority ldr calls nuclear option vote next wk, he'll go down in history as "destroying" Senate by his own definition from 2009.
I cosponsored legislation to defund #ObamaCare. Delaying the employer mandate is a clear admission that this is a deeply flawed law that cannot be implemented without devastating consequences. Stalling one part of this law adds confusion to an already complicated web of regulations, taxes and mandates that Nevadans simply cannot afford. To make a difficult situation even worse, the agency responsible for implementing portions of this law is under scrutiny for targeting conservative groups. Clearly, tax dollars should not be spent on this law. Press release: http://1.usa.gov/12uu4lc
Thanks to everyone who joined the conference call yesterday for an update on the Bison and Carpenter 1 Fires. I'm sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone affected and all emergency personnel battling the fires across Nevada. Stay Safe.
NA
In case you missed it: Good story from KFYR TV about the Student Loan Certainty Act- a permanent solution for students to access quality education at affordable rates.
This week, the Senate considered legislation to fix student loan rates. Senate Democrats once again used this as an opportunity to hike taxes with their bill S.1238. This bill would have only provided a one-year fix for 40 percent of student loan volume while permanently hiking taxes on certain retirement accounts. Students and parents need certainty in planning, which is why I voted against this legislation. I was also disappointed that the bipartisan alternative was not given consideration as it provided a permanent, common-sense fix for all federal student loan interest rates and would put a cap on consolidated loans, similar to the President's proposal.
Yesterday I took to the Senate floor to respond to President Obama’s aggressive climate agenda and voice my concerns that Gina McCarthy, the current nominee for Administrator of EPA, will be used as a tool of the administration to implement his destructive regulations. The truth is – their regulatory agenda will only cause more unemployment, lower economic growth, lower take home pay, and a less prosperous nation.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbdUW_jQ5i8&feature=c4-overview&list=UUk3W3ilX8vGG-300qzNpG7w
Expediting our country's liquefied natural gas (LNG) to the global market is a win for American jobs and for our own national security. A bipartisan group of 33 of my Senate colleagues agree, and we sent a letter to Secretary of Department of Energy (DOE) Ernest Moniz urging the department to prioritize and expedite decisions on permit applications to export LNG. Visit my website to read our letter: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-begich-32-senators-send-bipartisan-letter-urging-doe-to-expedite-lng-permit-applications
My amendment means an extra $115 will support every special education student in #Illinois and across the #USA, bringing us closer to keeping our promise to provide special #education to students with disabilities. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=810
NA
Great to see so many #Illinois constituents join Sen. Durbin and me in Washington for coffee this morning
Join me in honoring the 1963 Loyola men’s basketball team for breaking down barriers to help bring greater equality to our country. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=809 #Chicago Loyola University Chicago Athletics
I opposed the Budget Control Act, the legislation that created the so-called “sequester” which led to the furloughs. Instead, I supported several deficit reduction plans that made targeted cuts to inefficient and wasteful federal programs, as well as reforms that would generate savings by returning certain government functions back to the states. If these measures had been implemented, Congress would have had plenty of time to find responsible spending reductions and make necessary reforms. However, those plans were rejected by the president in favor of allowing the irresponsible across the board Defense cuts to take place.  Even with the sequester in place, President Obama still has discretion to determine where the budget should be cut. But rather than slow the growth of federal spending on programs with lower priorities, the president is choosing to put our national security in jeopardy by threatening high-priority programs and hollowing out our defensive forces, while crippling DOD civilian families who will be seeing a 20 percent reduction in salaries through the end of the fiscal year.
Tonight is the night of my monthly tele-townhall.  If you would like to participate on Facebook, click the following link:
After each work week in Washington, I always look forward to my drive home across our beautiful state. It’s no surprise that SmarterTravel has named the Kansas Flint Hills one of the 10 most iconic drives in America.
Not that anyone wonders why Congress has a single digit approval rating, but today’s Appropriations Committee vote is ‘Exhibit A.’ With hundreds of thousands of federal employees dealing with furloughs and concerns about paying their monthly bills, my colleagues voted to increase Congressional Office budgets for the next fiscal year.  What a lost opportunity to lead by example.  This is a ‘No’ vote I was happy to cast.
I just introduced legislation to prohibit the United States from sending foreign assistance to the government of Egypt, as a result of the country's military coup d'état.   Click here to read my entire statement and the legislation: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=888
In case you missed it: Last night, I appeared on Fox's On the Record with Greta Van Susteran.   Click here to watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzdmMsX_8p0
Jerry Moran and I just sent a letter to USDA Secretary Vilsack calling for haying and grazing of CRP lands for producers hard hit by severe and continued drought. http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=9054cfd4-30e4-4602-bae0-b530e93cda61
Rubio Backs Legislation To Defund ObamaCare
Rubio Draws “Line In The Sand” Over Debt Limit: http://1.usa.gov/16uVB8j
Rubio To Oppose New Continuing Resolution Unless It Defunds ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/1b31qRf
A prescription for a permanent delay of Obamacare. Just the medicine Americans and their businesses need.
NA
Sen. Sessions, along with Senate colleagues, visited with troops and military officials overseas during the Fourth of July holiday.
Senators: "[The health care] law is unworkable and harmful to the economy and to American families, and your actions to delay the employer mandate are an acknowledgement of this fact.  While your recent action provides temporary relief for some, we believe that all Americans deserve permanent relief from this onerous law, so that we can adopt common-sense reforms that will actually lower costs and that Americans support."
Talking with Tony Beam now on Christian Talk 660 AM in Greenville and calling WTMA in Charleston to talk with Tara at 8:45! Make sure to tune in! #southcarolina
Along with 12 PA Representatives, I am urging President Obama to stop the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's new coal-killing regulations. Coal is Pennsylvania's single, largest energy source.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, hosted a casework day in Reading yesterday at Rep. Tom Caltagirone's office. My staff holds events like these throughout the commonwealth to help constituents resolve issues with the federal government. Be sure to check your local paper for a casework day near you.
Looks like some good news - and about 250 jobs - for Delaware County:
Sports have always played an important role in breaking down barriers – from Jesse Owens to Jackie Robinson to Billie Jean King. The "Game of Change" should be included in that list of seminal moments in American history. The matchup between Mississippi State and Loyola in 1963 was a critical step toward erasing the racial divide. The courage of these young men and their coaches deserves to be honored.
