Sen. Alexander, former president of the University of Tennessee, shares a lighter moment with UT Chancellor Jimmy Cheek yesterday after discussing higher education policy in the U.S. Capitol.
Today I voted against Caitlin Halligan’s nomination to the D.C. Circuit Court. Halligan’s well-documented record of judicial activism and her extreme positions on a number of critical issues facing America make me seriously question her ability to impartially apply the law and uphold the Constitution.  The D.C. Circuit plays an important role as a check against the Executive Branch by directly reviewing the decisions and rulemakings of many federal agencies and it’s critical that President Obama nominate someone who will apply the law fairly and objectively.
Over 3,500 North Carolinians will be affected by the President's decision to cancel tours of the White House.  
 
 His message to the American people?  You Are Not Welcome.
The White House has a chief calligrapher who makes $96,700 per year.  The chief calligrapher has a staff of 2 who make over $180,000 per year combined.  That is almost $300,000 on handwriting, yet the President chooses to cancel tours of the White House to save money?    When the President places more importance on handwriting than allowing the American people to visit and tour the White House, it is clear that his priorities are out of line.  The White House belongs to the American people, not the President.
I welcomed the opportunity to visit with the President about our debt crisis. I hope this is the beginning of many conversations on the topic. Everything must be on the table if we are going to find a solution.
News Release: I joined a group of bipartisan Senators from all across the country to introduce the Forest Products Fairness Act.  It is vital to ensure Idaho’s industries are not at a competitive disadvantage. This legislation will help the forest industry compete on a global stage to bring economic growth and jobs to our state.
Proud to join Sen. Paul on the floor this afternoon. Video:
Heading to the Senate floor to join @SenRandPaul:  http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
COST OF ‘SNOWQUESTER’ COULD BE AS HIGH AS $71 MILLION. The heavy snow that was expected to pummel Washington turned out to be mostly hype (the snow total at Reagan National Airport as of 1 p.m. Wednesday was 0.2 inches) in all but one department: cost
Cornyn Presses Holder on Obama Administration’s Failure to Prosecute Gun Crimes:
Cornyn Questions Holder Over Death of Reddit Co-Founder Aaron Swartz:
The WH looks petty on this
Yesterday, Senators Corker and Alexander met with Delta Sigma Theta Sorority members from Tennessee at a weekly constituent breakfast the senators host each week the Senate is in session.
Today Sen. Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, commented on the death of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez. “Following the death of Hugo Chavez, it is my hope that all Venezuelans will have the opportunity to fully exercise their political rights, including freedom of expression and assembly, in fully free and fair constitutionally-mandated elections and build a more prosperous future for their country,” said Corker. http://1.usa.gov/W3BJIi
In my view, Obamacare should be fully repealed, and I have introduced legislation to do so.
 
 At a minimum, however, it should not be implemented at time when our economy is struggling so mightily, at a time when its implementation could push us into a full recession.
 
 Therefore, when the Senate votes on the Continuing Resolution, I intend to offer a “Restore Growth First” amendment which will delay funding of Obamacare. I believe we should continue to delay such funding at least until economic growth returns to historic averages, and I intend to object to consideration of any Continuing Resolution that does not include a vote to delay funding of Obamacare.
 
 Read the full statement on my Continuing Resolution amendment to defund Obamacare here: http://1.usa.gov/10fM6fI
Great time discussing how to unleash the private sector and allow small business to prosper with the Greater San Antonio & Hispanic Chambers of Commerce this morning at the SA to DC Conference.
Fred Thompson is exactly right: President Obama, unfortunately, is obsessively focused on pressing partisan wedge issues and embracing unabashed liberalism--and the media's refusing to call him on it.    Given the enormous fiscal and economic challenges facing our Nation, it's time for President Obama to stop being Campaigner-in-Chief and start being willing to work in a bipartisan manner to pass pro-growth legislation and help get Americans working again.
Great read from the Wall Street Journal editorial board this morning. Instead of furloughing meat inspectors, USDA should be cutting spending on travel and conferences with banquets and wine tastings.
Nebraskans remain opposed to ObamaCare and so do I. Families and business owners in Nebraska and across the country continue to face rising costs under this controversial law. I remain committed to doing my part to repeal it – in full or in part – and replace it with policies that promote more competition among insurance companies, reform our tort system, and embrace preventive care.
The Alice Boland case is 'Exhibit A' of a broken background check system. An individual who pleads ‘Not Guilty by Reason of Insanity’ should not be able to pass a federal background check and legally purchase a gun. As astonishing as it sounds, that actually happened.   Our legislation addresses the Boland case, and other similar instances, to ensure that those who have been declared an imminent danger to themselves or others aren’t legally able to obtain a firearm. I would expect overwhelming bipartisan support for our legislation.
will be holding a press conference today at 2:30 pm to introduce The NICS Reporting Improvement Act of 2013.   The legislation, which will be co-sponsored by Senators Mark Begich (D-Alaska), Jeff Flake (R-Arizon) and Mark Pryor (D-Arkansas) clarifies the circumstances under which a person loses the right to receive or possess firearms based on mental illness.    You can watch live online at the following links:  WCBD  http://www.counton2.com/category/259339/news-2-livestream  WCSC Live5News  http://www.live5news.com/category/219058/live-stream  WCIV ABCNews4  http://www.abcnews4.com/category/193350/wciv-live-stream
Senators Bash DOJ for “Evasive” Response on “Too Big To Jail” – The Untouchables - FRONTLINE
Grassley's offices offer internships for college-age students
Judnoms being considered under Schumer rule set by dems- 7 filibuster votes on Estrada. ~170 Obama noms approved last year So stop crying
Thanks Ceasar and Luke for your leadership in helping Nevada’s Filipino veteran community fight for deserved benefits. Via Las Vegas Review-Journal: http://bit.ly/YcOGfJ
Pleased to have the endorsement of the School Nutrition Association for our Sensible School Lunch Act.  http://goo.gl/FTh0z
National Defense has never been about politics for me; but sadly, this President  continues his dangerous pursuit to downsize American Forces at the most dangerous and timultuous times in recent history. I appreciate James Carafano's piece in the Washington Examiner about my record on defense.   I hope you'll take a moment to read: http://washingtonexaminer.com/james-carafano-jim-inhofe-for-the-defense/article/2523004.
http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=650
We must continue with new sanctions on Iran before it is too late. Video:
Always good to meet with members of the IBA, especially this great group from Southern Illinois.
Jared Kuper, 12 years old & fighting diabetes since 2009, is a friend and inspiration to me. Great to see you today Jared!
As Senator Paul was beginning his filibuster of John Brennan, I was asking Eric Holder some questions about recent claims from the administration that they possess the authority to conduct targeted killings of U.S. citizens with drones.
According to the Democrats’ own standards – and particularly when there are judicial emergencies in other courts across the country – now is not the time to confirm another judge to the D.C. Circuit.  And it is certainly not the time for us to consider confirming a controversial nominee with a record of extreme views of the law and Constitution.
Many Alaskans have asked me about drones today.  Let me tell you: I am extremely concerned about the Attorney General’s equivocations earlier today about possible drone strikes against Americans on US soil.  I believe the Administration should immediately clarify his comments, explain what authority it believes it has – and specify under what exact circumstances it believes that authority could be used.
Congratulations to my friend and colleague Congressman Don Young- as of today, he’s been on the job for Alaskans for 40 years!  I visited his office when I was 18 years old and working as a Senate intern in DC (can you spot me in this picture?) Don is fighting just as hard for our state now as he was back then!
As the nation prioritizes its spending, we must always keep in mind our oceans.  They are key to our economy, our defense and to our planet's health.  Thanks so much to the Consortium for Ocean Leadership for the Watkins Award today, but more importantly for pitching in with this important cause.
People are saying DC looks like a snow globe - but I think it looks like home!  My Washington, DC office opened early for business today and is giving Capitol tours.
Today the Alaska National Guard honored 5 Alaska Territorial Guardsmen in Ketchikan.  Henry Neligan, Ralph Devenny, Willard Reese, John Reese and Victor Klose received the long overdue recognition they deserve after they volunteered to defend Alaska during WWII.  I thank them and their families for their service
I’m hosting an Energy Jobs Fair in Youngstown - April 29th with the Ohio Oil and Gas Association and Youngstown/Warren Regional Chamber. Visit my website for details.
Visited with friends at the 2013 Ohio Farm Bureau’s Presidents Trip this afternoon. Always good to get their input.
NA
"I will not sit quietly and let President Obama shred the Constitution."  Watch my live filibuster on C-SPAN 2 by clicking the link below: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
"The fact that the Obama Administration has told a U.S. Senator that there is a circumstance where the government could target and kill an American citizen on American soil without charge or without trial is a stark example of an imperial presidency. This is what our founding fathers wanted to fight against. "  Watch my live filibuster on C-SPAN by clicking the link below: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Over the next few hours, I will be speaking on the Senate floor to discuss at length my opposition to John Brennan’s nomination to be director of the CIA, as well as my concern over the constitutionality of the use of drone attacks on Americans and on U.S. soil.   I am actively filibustering Mr. Brennan’s nomination until further notice. Tune in on C-SPAN now.
"I dont care whether it is a Democrat or Republican President, this is about authority.  The President should not have the authority to execute American citizens on U.S. soil without a fair trial."  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bufSAqefYM
Watch the video below to see my interview today with CNN's Wolf Blitzer about the White House cancelling public tours, the politics of perception, tax reform, the DC snow storm, and Senator Rand Paul's live filibuster on the Senate floor, which I fully support.  I #standwithRand  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5KgnfK8qBY&feature=youtu.be
I'll be joining Wolf Blitzer on CNN at 3:15pm CT to discuss the White House canceling public tours.   Tune in to learn more about the latest White House foray into perception politics.
The snow storm shutting down Washington couldn't keep me from meeting with my friend Scott today.  
 
 Scott was a 4th place snowshoeing finisher at the Special Olympics World Games in South Korea this year.  A talent that may come in handy if this snow keeps coming down!
NA
Rubio Comments On Venezuela's Future
Had the opportunity to talk education with some impressive  Clemson student government members and faculty--Ben Winter, Gail DiSabatino, Evelyn Sexton, McKee Thomason, and Katy Bayless
I'd like to thank Senator Rand Paul for answering my questions on the Senate floor about drone strikes against American noncombatants on US soil. The starting point must be: "We're not going to do that."
I am heading to the Senate floor to stand with my friend, Senator Rand Paul.
The White House cancels public tours because of the sequester. The federal government also decides to close offices in DC today due to the “snowquester.” FYI: My DC office is more than happy to still offer public tours of the Capitol and is open this morning to serve Pennsylvanians.
I'll be on with Dom Giordano in just a few minutes. Tune in as we talk about on-going efforts to cut smarter:
