IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Wielding the 100-question form students currently have to fill out to apply for federal financial aid, Sen. Alexander told a crowd in Jackson Friday about his push to simplify the application for students. Alexander said: “Cut this (form) down to a postcard … this is just government growing, and nobody is weeding the garden.” http://bit.ly/1h2x7MD
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, led a bipartisan congressional delegation mission last week that included stops in Afghanistan, Israel and Ukraine.  She, along with Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN)  and Congressman Stephen Lynch (D-MA), met with government and political leaders in all three countries.
NA
Yesterday was not a day of celebration, but a day marked by broken promises, numerous delays, and special exemptions.   A reflection on the four years since Obamacare became law.
NA
Today I introduced an amendment to the Ukrainian aid bill currently under consideration in the Senate that would sanction Russia’s Rosoboronexport, the sole state agency for export of Russian weapons systems and defense-related goods. Rosoboronexport is exclusively entitled to export the entire range of Russian armaments officially available for export, and it has supplied arms to the Assad regime in Syria, enabling mass atrocities.  My amendment would do three things:  • Prohibit the United States government from doing any business with Rosoboronexport and terminate any existing contracts or agreements; • Prohibit contracts with any domestic or foreign company that cooperates with Rosoboronextort to design, manufacture or sell military equipment; and • Authorize the President to deduct from our foreign assistance programs any amounts that a foreign state recipient spends on Russian weapons through Rosoboronexport.  Taking steps to meaningfully obstruct Rosoboronexport’s work and the revenue it provides the Russian state is among the most effective ways we can condemn Putin’s recent aggression. This specific economic sanction will harm Russian interests in a serious way without damaging America’s economy. This is one of many steps we must take to show that Russia’s invasion of the Crimea region is unacceptable.
NA
With this announcement, Southwest Airlines is acknowledging that Indiana is one of the most business friendly states in America and home to a vibrant, nationally-recognized airport. A growing and competitive airline industry is one key to Indiana’s economic success, and today’s announcement is a win for both Hoosiers who travel and the city of Indianapolis.
Last week, during a stop at Jenifer Junior High School, in Lewiston, we celebrated the passage of a comprehensive Farm Bill.  Included in that Farm Bill are two new initiatives that will assist pulse crops—healthy foods like peas, lentils and chickpeas—grown on the Palouse of Idaho and Washington.  Senator Maria Cantwell (D-Washington) and I led the effort to create the Pulse Health Initiative and a school nutrition pilot program for pulse crops.  The Pulse Health Initiative increases research at the University of Idaho and other institutions to study the nutritional benefits of pulse crops, including their ability to reduce obesity and associated chronic disease.  The pilot project brings new emphasis to healthy school meals made from pulse crops, making them eligible for the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s school lunch and breakfast programs.
Did you know that Maine’s maple industry generates more than 800 full- and part-time jobs and contributes nearly $30 million directly to the state’s economy?    Sunday was Maine Maple Sunday.  Where is your favorite sugar house?  
March 13th, 2014
Sen. Cornyn Announces North Texas U.S. Service Academies Forum:
NRO Cornyn Op-ed: How to Maximize Our Leverage with Putin:
Texas stands with Ukraine:
Many thanks to the U.S. Coast Guard, Texas General Land Office, Texas Division of Emergency Management and others working around the clock to reopen the Houston Ship Channel after this weekend's oil spill. We are grateful for their rapid response, clean up, and coordination efforts to ensure minimal economic and environmental impact.
In Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius, the Supreme Court has the opportunity to affirm our fundamental right to religious freedom.   Time and time again, President Obama has granted exemptions to the politically powerful, yet refuses to grant the same leniency to those for whom Obamacare's contraception mandate infringes on their beliefs.   I urge the court to unequivocally stand up for the First Amendment rights of all Americans and stop the government from forcing employers with valid religious objections to violate their faith. #SCOTUS
SHARE if you do too!
Quick poll: Obamacare was signed into law four years ago yesterday. Are you better off now than you were then?   Comment with YES or NO!
I am pleased that the Department of Energy (DOE) has decided to conditionally authorize export of liquefied natural gas to more countries through Jordan Cove in Oregon. In November, the Wyoming delegation, along with Colorado and Utah members from both the House and Senate, wrote the DOE asking it to do this. More markets mean more economic opportunity for Wyoming’s workers and the state.
Teton County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office Tuesday, March 25. She will be at the Jackson Town Hall from 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Today I spoke on the floor about two bills I have introduced to promote accountability at the IRS and protect taxpayers. The Stop IRS Overreach Act would prohibit the agency from asking ANY taxpayer ANY question related to his or her religious, political, or social beliefs. My other bill would require prompt responses from the IRS to taxpayers who contact the agency. The House has already acted to unanimously pass this reasonable legislation, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to support these necessary reforms.
This week we recognize the hard work of our country’s agriculture producers who invest their time, resources, energy, and faith toward the goal of feeding our nation. Happy National Agriculture Week!
Joseph Kony’s reign of terror across Africa has gone on far too long, and we cannot go on another year without bringing him and the LRA to justice. On my most recent trip to Uganda in January, I spoke with one of Kony’s wives and her daughter. She made a daring escape earlier last year with her children, and she has become a voice for the many more women and children yearning to be freed from the LRA. I am glad to see the President respond this weekend to my requests as well as the requests of many Americans to support those in Africa working to stop Kony and eradicate the LRA. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-the-deployment-of-us-special-ops-military-aircraft-to-uganda
We're step closer to catching Joseph Kony and bringing an end to the Lord's Resistance Army  http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/2014/03/23/aa468ca6-b2d0-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html 
Thanks to Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart and Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez for supporting Sen. John Cornyn's and my bill to give prosecutors the tools they need to end the modern-day slavery that is human sex-trafficking.  Read about our bill here: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1034
#Ukraine is a known hub for cybercrime. Sen. Mark Warner and I want the U.S. to establish a framework to deter these criminals. 
This wall of photos I have taken with each of my interns is mentioned in this article.  You can learn more about how to apply for internships with my office by visiting lee.senate.gov.
The buzz about Kansas City as a tech hub and hotbed for startup companies has been echoing on both sides of the Atlantic.
I just got off the floor of the Senate where I shared my thoughts on this 25th anniversary of the Exxon spill.  We have learned a lot in the 25 years since the Exxon Valdez ran aground.  So many of those who were impacted by the tragic events of that day, woke up this morning with the memories fresh in their minds. Our goal is to never have a tragedy of that scale happen again, and I think we have measures in place now to prevent it.  It is my hope that on this anniversary of something so tragic that we as Alaskans can continue to pull together and move forward.
This is great to see at the beginning of the fishing season!  I've been pushing for years that we should take full advantage of today’s technology and help our small boat fishing fleet do their work:
Just ran into the Top Hat Robotics team from Fairbanks here in the Seattle airport. They are on their way back home after beating 72 other teams from the West. They are now headed to the World Championships in a month in St. Louis. Congrats to these amazing young people!
Interested in applying to a U.S. Service Academy? My office is hosting informational sessions throughout Ohio. Dates and locations can be found here: http://1.usa.gov/1gtyXYg
This should help kick those Monday blues: http://www.detroitnews.com/article/20140319/SCHOOLS/303190061#ixzz2wQ3RLoXy
Thrilled that my bill authored with Senator Tom Harkin to help charities & co-ops offer pensions has cleared congress and is on its way to the Presidents desk.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=83c3818a-ed9e-4ed9-846c-10a75eead818&ContentType_id=ae7a6475-a01f-4da5-aa94-0a98973de620&Group_id=d8ddb455-1e23-48dd-addd-949f9b6a4c1f&MonthDisplay=3&YearDisplay=2014
ICYMI: Rubio: Encourage innovation by cutting outdated regulations: http://1.usa.gov/1mqtuE2
I'll be joining Greta Van Susteren tonight at 720, make sure to tune in to Fox News!
March 24, 2014
http://timesleader.com/news/local-news-news/1278457/GM-responds-to-Toomey-request 
Groundbreaking suffragists, reporters, abolitionists, & more - check out these amazing #PA women! #WomensHistoryMonth 
We are ... ! 
NA
Wicker Report | The “Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act” is a meaningful first step toward finding better options for real flood insurance reform.  It allows for a necessary review of how premium increases could affect communities and property owners if not phased in properly.  It also reinforces the need for FEMA to ensure its flood mapping methods are technically sound. 
