Sen. Alexander today sent a letter with all of his Senate Republican colleagues to the president calling on him to permanently delay Obamacare. In the letter, the senators said, “Given the widely-held belief by the American people that the Affordable Care Act will not fulfill its promises and will result in higher costs for American families, we implore you to listen to the American people. This law is unworkable and harmful to the economy and to American families, and your actions to delay the employer mandate are an acknowledgement of this fact.”  Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander: “Obamacare is unraveling, and it should be dismantled.” http://1.usa.gov/1djC6U6
This afternoon, Sen. Alexander met with Tennessee Farm Bureau President Lacy Upchurch to discuss agriculture issues important to Tennessee. "LIKE" or "SHARE" this post if the concerns of farmers in Tennessee matter to you.
Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor today to urge the Majority Leader to allow a vote on a bipartisan plan that would lower and fix interest rates for 100 percent of newly-issued federal student loans.
My colleagues and I are calling on President Obama to permanently delay ObamaCare for all Americans. I hope you’ll watch my remarks and share your questions below.
As I travel across our state, I continue from Missourians who are concerned about the cost and impact of President Obama’s health care law. Do you have a question about ObamaCare? Post your question below, or tweet me at @RoyBlunt using #AskRoy, and I will post responses.
If you're one of the 11 million students in the purple block, wouldn't you much rather be under our bill where 100% of undergrads see relief?
  
 Like if you agree #studentloans #DontDoubleMyRates
Washington Post’s recent piece on student loan rates calls the Reed/Hagan bill a “pathetic non-solution” and encourages Senators to “put their effort instead into finalizing a compromise plan that is well within their reach.” Our bipartisan compromise helps all students and provides a permanent solution.    Click below to read more. #studentloans #DontDoubleMyRates
NA
4-H is a great program that teaches life skills. Today we met with Arkansans participating in the Citizenship Washington Program.
PHOTO: 10-year old Carson, from Coeur d’Alene, stopped by to share his experience with diabetes. He was here representing Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation. #idpol
The U.S. Senate Finance Committee, led by Chairman Max Baucus and Ranking Member Orrin Hatch, have recently announced an approach to tax reform commonly referred to as the “blank slate” approach.  This method entails eliminating all tax expenditures and then evaluating which tax provisions should be reinstated to ensure each provision is appropriate and defensible.  As a member of the Senate’s Gang of Six, I am a strong proponent of this stragety and look forward to working with colleagues to move the process ahead.  My good friend and former co-chair of the Simpson-Bowles Commission, Erskine Bowles, appeared on CNBC to reiterate his support for “blank slate.”
Senator Collins today met with Quinn Ferguson, a 14 year-old from Poland Spring, Maine who is living with type 1 diabetes.  Senator Collins, who is cochair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, held her seventh consecutive Children's Congress hearing, in association with JDRF.  Also testifying was former Boston Celtics star, and now Miami Heat guard Ray Allen and actress Jean Smart from TV's "Designing Women."
Cornyn, Colleagues to Obama: Partial Obamacare Delay Does Not Go Far Enough:
Changing the Senate Rules by breaking them: "Not only would that put some of the more moderate Democratic Senators up for re-election in 2014 — Mark Begich, Mary Landrieu, Mark Pryor, Kay Hagan — into a tough spot — but, because the House is Republican-controlled, that legislation would die in the lower chamber. People like Begich, Landrieu etc would have to walk the political plank for not all that much."
Chron: Cornyn Believes 'Lawless' President is Watching Obamacare Implode
VIDEO - Cornyn: We Need a Permanent Delay on Obamacare:
Cornyn Calls on EPA Nominee to Work For, Not Against Texas:
House Bill 2 is an important step that will strengthen protections of innocent, unborn life and improve the safety and health of Texas women. I hope the Texas Senate will take swift action to pass this legislation for the good of all Texas children and their mothers.  Our nation was founded on the principle that we are endowed by our Creator with unalienable rights – among them, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. America’s founders knew that life comes first. Without life, there is no liberty; without life, there is no pursuit of happiness.  I am incredibly thankful for and proud of the principled leaders in our Texas Legislature and the many Texas groups who have brought this issue to the forefront, refusing to give up on this important legislation.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about the need for a permanent fix for college loan interest rates. The Senate majority continues to push for a plan that kicks the can down the road in place of a permanent solution and would only help 40 percent of students getting new loans. In June, I voted for a long-term, market-based solution that mirrored the plan President Obama offered. This would have permanently fixed the interest rate for 100 percent of students getting new loans, but it’s a plan the Senate majority now refuses to bring to a vote. Please click the link below to watch my speech.
Happy birthday Wyoming! We're 123 years old. President Benjamin Harrison signed the Statehood Bill to make Wyoming the 44th state on July 10, 1890.
The Obama Administration should pay more than lip service to bipartisan ideas on how to make sure doctors get paid to care for Medicare patients. Unless Congress intervenes to ensure more predictable payments to physicians, seniors‘ care choices could be limited as fewer providers accept Medicare patients. There have been a number of bipartisan commissions and proposals that would reduce costs for many seniors. These bipartisan suggestions are good, but they’ve been thrown away by the Obama Administration.
Video of the remarks I made on the Senate floor today in memoriam of the 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots killed in the Yarnell Hill fire. I was proud to be able to further honor these brave men.
The delay of the employer mandate reinforces what Nebraskans have suspected all along: the president's health care law is costly, unworkable, and incapable of living up to its billing. Today, I sent a letter with U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and 45 of my colleagues calling on the President to permanently delay #Obamacare for all Americans. ‘Like’ and ‘Share’ if you agree:  All American families and businesses deserve permanent relief from this disastrous law.
A great Washington Post editorial explains that there is already significant consensus between House Republicans and President Obama to address the recent student loan hike. Last month, I supported a similar long-term solution to keep student rates low and save taxpayers money. The measure, which was similar to the President’s proposal and the House-passed bill, failed. As the Post said, "Instead of continuing to fix rates based on politics and guaranteeing more distraction in a year’s time, lawmakers should finally end the mindless, recurring skirmishes over this issue."
Great discussion with students from Bob Jones Academy today in Washington.
Glad to meet today with the Olson family of Bismarck who shared information about their efforts to raise awareness about juvenile diabetes.
Today Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel responded to the letter Chairman Levin and I sent requesting he outlining the Department's contingency plans if sequestration for fiscal year 2014 is not averted. His letter clearly states that if sequestration occurs again in FY 2014, our military will likely be unprepared to deal with future contingencies around the world—a startling fact given the growing instability and threats across the Middle East, North Africa, and around the world. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-devastation-of-sequester-budget-cuts-will-only-be-amplified
I had a great discussion with Illinois Farm Bureau President Philip Nelson about why lock and dam infrastructure is key to the #Illinois economy.
The Senate should vote on the proposed bipartisan, permanent fix for student loans, because students deserve a real solution.
Working with Senator Bob Corker and Senator Mark Warner to fix #US housing finance system. No more bailouts on the backs of #taxpayers http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=808 Share if you agree and comment below.
I am encouraged that FBI Director nominee, James Comey, agrees that for 4th Amendment purposes there is no discernible, constitutionally significant distinction between an email that is 179 days and one that is 181 days old:
Delaying the employer mandate and exchange verification rules is the latest and most damning admission by the administration that ObamaCare was poorly crafted, remains unworkable, and, if implemented, will hurt American families, businesses, and our economy. The only solution is to fully repeal ObamaCare and start over with a more sensible, practical approach to fix our health care system.   Short of full repeal, however, those of us who care about the health care and security of the American people still have a duty to act. If the president has decided he won't enforce his law as it is written, then Congress should not fund any further implementation of it at all.
Here is the video of my remarks honoring the Granite Mountain Hotshots today. I wasn’t lucky enough to know them personally, but I sure wish I had. These were not men merely worth knowing – they were men to admire. May they rest in peace.
“I was pleased to have the opportunity to meet with Jack, Jaden, Deven and their parents during their visit to Washington, D.C. for JDRF’s 2013 Children’s Congress,” said Senator McConnell. “I am proud to support the Special Diabetes Program, which is making great strides in the development of medical technologies to treat this disease, and it is my hope that one day there will be a cure for type 1 diabetes.”
Sen. McConnell talking #coal and #Obamacare now on the Lee Cruse radio show on WVLK in #Lexington, #Kentucky #WarOnCoal
Congrats #JimmyRose of Pineville, #Kentucky for his amazing song he shared with America last night. #CoalKeepstheLightsOn Listen: http://bit.ly/13B4QJk
It was a pleasure to meet with Anna Gorsuch, the Kansas Delegate to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF) 2013 Children’s Congress, and her father Lance. Anna is one of more than 160 of JDRF’s young advocates selected to come to Washington, D.C. to educate Members of Congress about type 1 diabetes. During our meeting, we discussed the importance of diabetes research and the latest scientific developments in diabetes prevention and treatment. I appreciate Anna sharing her personal story with me, as well as the opportunity to learn more about how type 1 diabetes affects the daily lives kids across the country.
It's been a tough week for Soldotna, so I am happy to see so many come out to celebrate the grand opening of the Peninsula Radiation Oncology Center at Central Peninsula Hospital today!
There have been a number of Alaskans asking about the student loan rate vote earlier today, and I want to make it clear that I voted against moving forward with that one-year partial fix because I have co-sponsored a permanent, bipartisan and comprehensive solution.  America’s college students deserve the lowest loan rates possible, but they also deserve a permanent solution for all students.  Today, I voted against this band-aid one year fix that would only help some of them – paid for with a tax hike on hard-working Americans’ retirement accounts.  I continue to hope the Senate Majority Leader will allow a vote on the Bipartisan Student Loan Security Act I co-sponsored, which is based on a plan by the Obama administration and very similar to the loan bill passed by the House of Representatives.  I remain optimistic that we will find a solution to this problem, but urge my colleagues to put politics aside and keep our students from deeper debt.
I am a strong believer that individuals should be judged on whether they can do the job, not their sexual orientation – and that is why I was pleased to be able to support the Employee Non-Discrimination Act passing out of committee today.  Like any proposed legislation that affects employers and employees alike, the appropriate balance must be struck between protecting employees against discrimination in the workplace while also making sure employers are not unduly burdened with compliance costs – as well as striking the appropriate balance among legal remedies and redress.  Provisions in this bill attempt to address employers’ needs to run efficiently and reduce compliance costs, specifically prohibit preferential treatment and quotas, do not permit disparate impact lawsuits, and provide a religious exemption.  Improvements might be in order in the form of floor amendments, but discrimination should never be tolerated in the workplace.
NA
President Obama’s “Stimulus” and ObamaCare are proving by any measure to be failures…but this article raises an important point about how measurement can ensure tax dollars are spent effectively.
Fun visitors at this morning's Buckeye Coffee in Washington.
http://www.al.com/business/index.ssf/2013/07/huntsville_ranks_no_3_for_best.html#incart_river_default
Excerpt from Sessions' new op-ed on immigration: "The Senate immigration bill is Obamacare’s 1,200-page legislative cousin. It is a disaster on every level. Republicans should make no effort to salvage it or to offer even the slightest hope of revival. Instead, we should draw sharp and bold contrasts that earn the loyalty of our faithful supporters and the newfound respect of the millions of working Americans who have turned away."
Let's have a permanent delay of #Obamacare. I joined my colleagues in urging the President to do so.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/scott-senate-republicans-call-president-permanently-delay-obamacare
Met with some impressive young folks today from Lexington, Simpsonville, and Fort Mill to hear their stories about growing up with Type 1 diabetes
Visiting DC this summer? The National Gallery of Art has some stunning depictions of our commonwealth's natural beauty. Painter George Inness's "The Lackawanna Valley" is a great example. If you're in town, I also invite you to contact my office for a tour of the United States Capitol.
Wonderful story from The Daily American about Somerset County’s contribution to the USS Somerset, the Navy ship honoring the passengers of Flight 93.
Today, Senator Cochran and I joined all 45 Republican members of the Senate in urging President Obama to permanently delay implementation of Obamacare in recognition of the effects the contentious healthcare reform law will have on American families and workers who will face higher taxes and higher premiums.
