Senator Ayotte with members of the Bike/Walk Alliance of NH: Jeff Latimer (owner of Gus' Bike Shop in Portsmouth), Paula Bedard of Goffstown, and Ken Colburn of Meredith.
Senator Paul is right: the Obama Administration should answer these very legitimate questions about the use of drones against America citizens. Two years ago as a member of the Intelligence Committee, I raised my concerns about the use of drones, and I applaud Senator Paul for highlighting this important issue on the floor yesterday. I still have very serious concerns about the Obama Administration’s use of drones against U.S. citizens, and I will not support John Brennan's nomination for CIA Director.
Today I introduced the Careers for Veterans Act, a bill that would help create long-term, sustainable jobs for America’s veterans by transitioning the skills, licenses and credentials they gained through their service into jobs in the civilian workforce.  To read more about this bill, click below.
Last night, I joined a group of Republican Senators and the President for a discussion about our economy and our national debt.    The problems facing our nation are numerous, complex, and cannot be solved in a single night, but I am hopeful the President will work with Congress to fix our entitlement programs so they are viable for future generations of Americans and reform our tax code so that we can encourage economic growth, promote job creation, and provide a prosperous future for American families and businesses.
I commend Senator Paul for holding the President accountable and his persistence in trying to get a simple question answered from the administration: “Do you believe that you have the legal authority to kill a U.S. citizen on U.S. soil without due process?” It is without a doubt a question that deserves a clear and straightforward answer from this administration before we can move forward with the confirmation vote for the director of the CIA.  It is one of the reasons we are working to prevent the Senate Majority from ending debate on John Brennan’s confirmation until we get answers. This effort has been going on, and continues, on multiple fronts. While Senator Paul was pushing this on the floor, we were working behind the scenes to make sure we had the votes to sustain a filibuster if Majority Leader Reid tried to end it. And we are still working to ensure that we have the votes to block cloture until these questions can be answered.  Read more about the problems with John Brennan's nomination by following the link below
In this week’s National Cattlemen's Beef Association newsletter, I wrote about how the Grazing Improvement Act gives our ranching communities the certainty they need to stay on the land and in business.
I questioned Department of Interior Secretary nominee Jewell today on issues that are important to Wyoming. In case you missed it, you can watch video below:
The Wyoming County Commissioners delivered some straight talk to Jon Karl yesterday on ABC World News about the White House canceling tours.
I support the efforts of Senator Rand Paul and believe he deserves to get an answer from the administration.
Senator Crapo joined the President and others for the signing of the Leahy-Crapo VAWA bill into law.
Many of you have asked, and the answer is, yes, I do stand with Senator Rand Paul (R-KY).  It has been a long time since we have seen a filibuster like we did yesterday and I commend Senator Paul for his principled stand. He deserves to have his question answered from the administration.
News Release: The President has signed the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) into law, reauthorizing it for another five years. This was made possible thanks to the many advocates and victims in Idaho and across the country who assisted us in getting this legislation through Congress.  Unfortunately, there have already been four deaths in Idaho as a result of domestic violence, further proving the importance of having VAWA in place.  If this reauthorization saves just one life from domestic violence or sexual abuse, then our work has been worth it.
Everything is ready to go for the President to arrive and sign VAWA.
Many Idahoans come to Washington, D.C., every year for spring break. Some of you have probably heard that the White House has canceled public tours due to the sequester. While I think the White House could have found a way to continue providing this service to the people of Idaho, the U.S. Capitol remains open. My staff would be happy to assist you in setting up a tour of the Capitol building. Click the link for more information.
KTRE: Cornyn Argues for 2nd Amendment Rights in Senate Gun Control Debate
PHOTO: Good speaking again to leaders from San Antonio's business and hispanic communities visiting DC:
Great meeting folks from the American Diabetes Association yesterday:
Read White House response to Sen. Paul on drones for yourself:
Cornyn Offers Amendment to Exempt Soldiers and Veterans from Assault Weapons Ban:
Cornyn: Assault Weapons Ban 'Symbolism Over Substance:'
AG Holder defends DOJ handling of Aaron Swartz case
Texas Trib: "Texas' Two U.S. Senators on Wed helped stage one of the longest old-fashioned filibusters in years:"
Houston Chronicle: Cornyn, Cruz Grill Holder on Guns, Drones, and Prosecutorial Misconduct:
KSAT: Cornyn, Cruz Part of Tag Team Delaying Vote on CIA Nominee:
Senator Corker is participating in a Foreign Relations Committee hearing on U.S. policy toward North Korea this morning. Tune in here: http://1.usa.gov/12wF8EB.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will join hosts Norah O’Donnell and Charlie Rose on “CBS This Morning” shortly after 7:00 a.m. ET this morning.
Read and SHARE the text of the bill that would ensure American citizens aren’t killed with drones on U.S. soil: http://1.usa.gov/13Jiw3g
Proud to join Senator Rand Paul in introducing legislation to prohibit drone killings of U.S. citizens on U.S. soil if they do not represent an imminent threat.  Our Constitution restrains government power. The federal government may not use drones to kill U.S. citizens on U.S. soil if they do not represent an imminent threat. The Commander in Chief does, of course, have the power to protect Americans from imminent attack, and nothing in this legislation interferes with that power.
Reading tweets supporting Senator Rand Paul for taking a stand for liberty:
I voted against the nomination of John Brennan to be the director of the CIA today.  Before the vote I discussed the Administration’s refusal to answer questions about drone strikes against American citizens on American soil.  Senator Rand Paul stood on the Senate floor for nearly 13 hours asking for these answers.  For my full statement and link to video of my speech click the link below.
I'm pleased to see the House of Representatives focusing on tax reform. My recent column, “73,608 Pages,” expresses hope that my colleagues in the Senate will come together and find ways to create a simpler, fairer tax code for Americans. The House Ways and Means Committee is currently accepting tax reform proposals from constituents and I encourage you to submit your suggestions in a Word document to tax.reform@mail.house.gov by the April 15 deadline. Your input is important in this process. Click here to learn more:
Last night's dinner with President Obama and my Republican colleagues was productive and substantive.  I hope it will serve as the beginning of a new, long-overdue paradigm where people in elected office actually begin talking to each other about meaningful issues.    The discussions with the President about our long-term budget problems were candid and differences in philosophy were apparent.  However, also apparent was common ground on how to move forward.   One thing I am certain of -- the perpetual campaign will not solve the nation’s problems.    Finally, I shared with my colleagues there is no dishonor in trying and failing to solve big problems.  The long-term budgetary problems we discussed last night have defied bipartisan solutions for far too long.    I'm ready to try to solve the serious, long-term budget problems our country faces and can accept failure as an outcome.  But I cannot accept not trying.
Sen Levin will be missed when he lvs Senate especially for Congressional oversight He is strong ally for accountability. I thank for service
Speaker plannedfor sequester to keep Capitol tours open unlike WH- my office avail to help Iowans w Capitol tours&other DC tours
Reports from senators dinner w Pres Obama are positive-Pres listened& seemed to have cooperative attitude towards working w Congress. Amen
Holder concerned megabanks ‘too big to jail’
I support Chm Leahy's statement he will seek to subpoena drone docs. w/ Sen Paul filibuster shows Pres&Attygeneral must be held accountable
Senators Work to Close Loophole that Allows Terrorists to Stay in U.S.
Thanks to SenPaul for his 13hr speech on drone killing Hope it will get Obama  attn so he will answer myOct2011 ltr for docs on same subject
Senate internships applications due soon
When the U.S. Department of the Interior Sneezes, Nevada Feels an Earthquake. Video: http://bit.ly/10dqsoD
As someone whose family has been touched by breast cancer, I understand the importance of early detection. Women in underserved communities throughout Nevada rely on mobile mammography units and in this economic downturn, their access should not be compromised. This legislation is a simple way to help mobile mammography units continue serving women in our communities in an effort to help eradicate this horrible disease. I am grateful for Senator David Vitter’s support as we push this legislation forward. http://1.usa.gov/13Jk5hI
Last night’s effort by Sen. Rand Paul was a reminder that the Obama Administration continues to put forth controversial nominees and is failing on another campaign promise to bring transparency to the White House. Similar to Paul's 13 hours on the floor, I led the effort to block the nomination of Chuck Hagel for 13 days. Not only did I believe that he was the wrong person for the job, but this nomination was another demonstration where our leaders were failing to disclose vital information. If more Members had come in support of my efforts with Hagel, we could have stopped the most controversial Secretary of Defense nomination in our nation's history.   As my colleagues asked for last night on the Senate floor, we need more clarity from the White House on their drone policy. I strongly oppose the use of armed drones on innocent Americans. This is an important debate which is a result of the President's nomination of John Brennan to head the CIA. Whether through filibuster or blocking nominees, I will do whatever it takes to force this White House to be more transparent and held accountable.  As a member of the Intelligence Committee, I look forward to working with my colleagues to protect the Constitutional rights of all Americans.
I was one of 12 Senators to meet with the President yesterday to discuss our fiscal and budgetary challenges. It was a positive first step, but only a first step. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrQFg_pcxJY
I was pleased to join Senator Rand Paul early this morning as he questioned the White House's conduct of drone warfare. You can watch the video here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I7_NV4PY_w
NA
NA
Senator Kirk makes triumphant return at AIPAC 2013 conference after notable absence one year prior.
A federal rescue of debt-ridden states like Illinois cannot occur. Read my Reboot Illinois oped to learn why.
I have submitted several questions to Sally Jewell that I would like to see answered on behalf of my constituents before I can vote to confirm Sally Jewell to be the next Secretary of Interior.  I was encouraged by her commitment in her hearing today to advise the president to work with local stakeholders before designating national monuments.
Despite the sequester's cuts to my office budget, we have prioritized our budget to continue offering staff-led tours of the U.S. Capitol.  I would also like to recognize the Library of Congress, the Supreme Court, the National Archives, and the Bureau of Engraving and Printing for prioritizing their budgets to continue offering tours to the public.
This is what I was doing this morning at 12:18 a.m.  I would like to thank the thousands of Utahns who have contacted my office to show their support for Senator Paul and his filibuster.
Sen. McConnell: I was proud to join my friend, Sen. Rand Paul, on the Senate floor last night where he exercised his rights as an individual Senator in pursuit of an answer from the Attorney General concerning the rights of United States citizens.    That filibuster was extended, heartfelt and important, and I wish to say a few words in reaction to that effort, and as well on the nomination of John Brennan to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. The question he raised was entirely appropriate and should have already been answered by the Obama administration.
I’ll be on 1350 KMAN Radio tomorrow morning just after 9 a.m. discussing news of the day with Cathy Dawes. Tune in or listen online.
Yesterday, three representatives from Johnson County Emergency Medical Services came by to visit about the need to streamline the training process for military and civilian first responders. By standardizing military and civilian regimen training, our veterans could more easily transition into similar roles when they return home.
 
 I look forward to working on policies that allow our veterans to further contribute to the safety of their communities by applying the critical medical training they acquired while serving our country.
Welcome home to almost 170 soldiers from the Big Red One who returned yesterday after serving our country in Afghanistan for the last year.
One of the most important responsibilities of our government is to ensure the safety of American citizens, but it must be done while remaining true to the U.S. Constitution.  Today on the Senate floor along with Senator Rand Paul and other Senate colleagues, I shared my concerns about maintaining the rule of law and this Administration's refusal to rule out the use of drone strikes on American citizens here in the United States.
VAWA was signed into law today and will immediately provide more services and support to victims of domestic and sexual violence nationwide.  It was a long fight – and a crucial one for Alaskans – but starting today there are more protections in place.
It shouldn’t have to take a filibuster to get answers from this White House on drone strikes against Americans on US soil.  From Fast and Furious to Benghazi to Bill Allen’s Mann Act violations, Americans deserve transparency and clarity.
Alaskans know that with 60% of our lands owned by the federal government, the Interior Secretary has quite an impact on our state.  This morning, I asked Interior Nominee Sally Jewell a number of questions during her confirmation hearing in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.  She gave Alaskans a verbal commitment to work with us to boost responsible land development.  Listen:
This morning I spoke with the National Federation of Republican Women about how economic and energy issues aren't just political talking points, but rather priorities for women across the nation.  We all want better jobs for our families and future, and we want affordable energy to help us travel, stay warm and enjoy all that life has to offer!
Thanks to all the Alaskans who wondered how DC was dealing with our ‘snow,’ but this is what passes for a snowstorm out here.  Good grief!
The Ted Stevens trial was a prime example of the Department of Justice playing ‘hide the ball’ with evidence – and as a result, two prosecutors were found guilty of reckless misconduct.  I, along with my colleagues in the Senate, want to make sure the government doesn’t treat any more Americans like this:
Be sure to check out today's Dallas Morning News Editorial about the need for comprehensive spending and tax reform to create greater economic growth.
Tune in today at 1:00pm ET as I give Rush Limbaugh the inside scoop on my 13 hour filibuster.   http://tunein.com/radio/The-Rush-Limbaugh-Show-p20617/
This morning, I appeared on CNN's America's Newsroom to discuss last night's filibuster on the nomination of John Brennan.    Click the link below to watch my interview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNCLR-U9fII
Thanks to Sen. McConnell for coming down to support the filibuster and for helping save the floor for me tonight.  We are still filibustering 12 hours later.  Tune into C-SPAN 2 here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
More on my bill to restore integrity to the SNAP/food stamp program.
U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate’s Select Committee on Intelligence, issued the following statement regarding John Brennan’s nomination to be CIA director:  “Earlier today, I informed the White House that I would oppose further consideration of John Brennan’s nomination to be CIA director until Attorney General Eric Holder answered Senator Rand Paul’s question about whether non-combatant American citizens could be targeted by drones on American soil. Now that the question has been answered and the President has acknowledged that he does not, in fact, possess such authority, I intend to support cloture on John Brennan’s nomination and will vote to confirm him.”
Senator Rubio Comments On Brennan Nomination Vote:     “Earlier today, I informed the White House that I would oppose further consideration of John Brennan’s nomination to be CIA director until Attorney General Eric Holder answered Senator Rand Paul’s question about whether non-combatant American citizens could be targeted by drones on American soil. Now that the question has been answered and the President has acknowledged that he does not, in fact, possess such authority, I intend to support cloture on John Brennan’s nomination and will vote to confirm him.”
Last night, Senator Rubio returned to speak on the Senate floor as the Brennan filibuster continued.
Sen. Sessions today opposed the nomination of John Brennan to be CIA director, and he also voted against shutting off debate on the controversial nomination. To see the vote tally, please click here.
In case you missed it, the Daily Caller ran a story on Sessions’ oversight efforts about the enforcement of immigration law. Here is an excerpt from Sessions’ comments quoted in the piece:  “The data just provided by the State Department, like that recently provided by the Department of Homeland Security, dramatically confirms that federal public charge law is not being enforced,” [Sen. Sessions] said in a statement. “This helps explain a study showing that 36 percent of immigrant-headed households receive at least one major welfare program, adding billions to their cost…For those concerned about the size of government and the cost to taxpayers, this will be a major concern when addressing any immigration reform effort... When basic principles and laws like this are ignored, it is no wonder the American people doubt any promises of future enforcement.”
This morning I questioned Dept. of Interior Nominee Sally Jewell about the importance of a comprehensive,  all of the above energy strategy.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVNiEEUgTA8&feature=youtu.be
In a Senate Energy Committee hearing preparing to question Interior Secretary nominee Sally Jewell. Can watch on CSPAN3 or view stream here: http://www.c-span.org/Events/Confirmation-Hearing-for-Sally-Jewell-to-be-Interior-Secretary/10737438613-1/
Great news for PA: Senate Judiciary Committee Approves Three Pennsylvania Judicial Nominees.
My state director, Bob DeSousa, speaks with Youth Ambassadors from Philadelphia's Youth Network. This is a terrific program. Among other services, they offer career exposure and on-the-job experience in business. Thanks for the work you do to prepare Pennsylvania's future workforce!
Glad that my regional manager James Fitzpatrick could attend the Philadelphia Youth Network's Youth Ambassadors Program. The program is designed to improve education and increase economic opportunity for Philly's young people through internships, programs and career counseling.
NA
In case you missed it: On Fox And Friends this morning I discussed my conversation with the president last night. We need to reduce our dangerous over-spending.
On WILK's  Sue Henry show just now: There is a renaissance of manufacturing in western Pennsylvania right now. I've visited them. I've seen them. We have the cheapest natural gas in the world. Energy is a big part of how we can help bring back manufacturing.
My staff and I are glad to help Pennsylvanians:
I'll be talking with Mike and Sheinelle on Philly's  FOX 29 at 7:30. We'll discuss my meeting with the president last night and our dire need for spending restraint.
Good morning. I'll be on Fox And Friends at 7 a.m. to share some of my conversation with the president last night, our need for spending restraint and more. Hope you can tune in!
