NA
Do you trust this WH to implement the border security "surge"?
A 500% spending increase? The Corker-Hoeven amendment increases spending on the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Trust (CIRTF) from $8.3 billion to $46.3 billion.
ICYMI: The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb de facto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits. Read more about the amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/132d2SG
Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" tomorrow morning to discuss his amendment with Senator John Hoeven to bolster security on the nation’s southern border. See below to find the station and time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
At Frederickburg Iowa marking grave of CongMedalOfHonor recipient LeroyVokes Great Program especially StSenator Black history of suchSoldier
Att General didn’t disclose FBI drones in answer 2 me. He gave DEA&ATF specifics but no FBI which has been using since 2010. Just forgetful?
I will be on Fox News Sunday tomorrow to discuss the immigration bill.  Be sure to tune in.
It's interesting when I have individuals and groups come through my office telling me they'd like me to support this bill, I ask them, of course, why. Inevitably, they'll point to usually just one or two of the countless provisions in this thousand-page bill.  It's almost always because of one very discrete component they like. Perhaps they like the high-skilled visa reform. Perhaps they like the low-skilled visa reform. Perhaps they like some piece here or there. But it's always one or two, very discrete provisions. That's what causes them to say, “I want you to vote for this thousand-page bill.”  Inevitably I will ask them have you read the whole bill? If you haven't read the whole bill have you at least studied the whole bill, studied each of the constituent parts? Have you studied the implications of all the other provisions you'd be asking me to vote for? Inevitably, the answer is no.
Today I gave remarks at Max Lauver's Eagle Scout Court of Honor Ceremony in Salina. Max is the son of Dennis and Rhonda Lauver. As a former scout in Plainville’s Troop 109, I was especially pleased to attend and personally congratulate Max on achieving Scouting’s highest honor. Max worked diligently on his service project to build and install three tournament boards at the local baseball parks, which will be used by residents of Salina for years to come.
Wheat harvest is a special time of year in Kansas. What is your fondest memory or a favorite family tradition?   Safe cutting and hauling to all involved and on the roads.
Happy Solstice weekend, Alaska!  Hero Games in Anchorage, Midnight Sun Game in Fairbanks, or just being outside- it's one of my favorite holidays.  How do you celebrate our longest days of the year?
Sally and I receiving our 2nd place medals with Mike Fremont at the Paddlefest Awards Ceremony!
Beautiful morning on the Ohio River for 12th Annual Paddlefest with 2000 paddlers! Great race with Sally.
Sessions: "Already, in a short time, we have identified grave and deep flaws in the modified bill – both in terms of failure to live up to new promises made as well as some shocking changes that actually further weaken the underlying bill. The special interests who wrote these provisions know exactly what they do and designed them not to work – but I fear some of the Senators who sponsored this amendment have no idea they’re even there."
Wow.  This is terrific news.  http://abclocal.go.com/wpvi/story?section=news/local&id=9148017
Thank you Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams for inviting me to the Summer of Peace-Family Fun Day.
I had a lot of fun this morning at the Myers Recreation Center in SW Philly.
Great morning at the Summer of Peace 2013-Family Fun Day.   Sen. Williams, Rep. Brady, Rep. Harris, and I tipped off the basketball tournament.
