NA
Wishing a happy Father's Day weekend to all the dads out there.
NA
Happy Flag Day and Happy 238th birthday to the U.S. Army. Share this post to thank the troops who sacrifice for our freedoms.
NA
The immigration debate starts, the farm bill passes, I host another telephone town hall and more in this edition of the “Week in Review”
More than 27 percent of children in Arkansas struggle against hunger. While kids have access to healthy, nutritious meals during the school year, once students leave school for the summer, the chances increase that they go to bed hungry. The USDA provides funding for summer meals like at this location in North Little Rock. We talked with Mayor Joe Smith and kids who were having lunch today.
On June 14, 1777, the Continental Congress in Philadelphia adopted the Stars and Stripes as the national flag.
NA
News Release: Recently, reports have surfaced that the President is being encouraged to use his authority to designate federal lands as national monuments to prevent these lands from being used for oil and gas exploration. I joined nine other Republican Senators in a letter to President Obama expressing alarm at these reports and urging against unilaterally designating any areas as national monuments.  The President needs to remember that the modest economic growth the country has seen over the last five years has come from oil and gas production on private and state-owned lands.  Further, this production has helped lower energy costs and our dependence on foreign sources of oil.
Celebrating #FlagDay. The American Flag flying over the Library of Congress. #USA #OldGlory
News Release: I am co-sponsoring an amendment with Senator Jon Tester (D-Montana) that would add tribal representation to the Border Oversight Taskforce created under the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act that is currently being debated on the Senate floor.  Our amendment would add four tribal representatives to the task force: two from the Northern Region and two from the Southern Region.  Currently, the task force excludes tribal representatives despite sections of our borders running through tribal lands, including land in Idaho.
Did you know that Senator Collins has six constituent service centers around Maine?  Helpful staff in these offices are available to provide assistance with federal issues and agencies, such as the Social Security Administration, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Internal Revenue Service.  No appointment is necessary, and each office helps thousands of Mainers each year.  To find the nearest constituent service center near you, click here: http://1.usa.gov/10hZ2T2
RESULTS reduces state and local govt costs by fully compensating for assistance in detaining criminals here illegally #resultsnotpromises
RESULTS improves current ports of entry by allowing the GSA to enter into public-private partnerships #resultsnotpromises
RESULTS requires DHS to create real metrics for border security that measure actual outcomes #resultsnotpromises
Lots to celebrate today.  Happy 238th birthday to the US Army, and happy Flag Day.  Thanks to all the brave men & women who serve.
PHOTO: Great meeting Wesley Cossick, the NFIB Young Entrepreneur Award Recipient:
RESULTS cracks down on human trafficking by increasing penalties and targeting drug cartels and human smugglers #resultsnotpromises
Looking forward to speaking to & visiting w/ Texans at Faith & Freedom Coalition Conference this morning:
"The best way to put more money in people's wallets is to leave it there in the first place." -- Edwin Feulner (1941- ) Founder and President of the Heritage Foundation
Today on Flag Day and the 238th birthday of the United States Army, we celebrate the symbol of our great nation and the men and women who fought to secure our freedom around the globe.   Because of their brave sacrifices, the flag continues to serve as the brightest beacon for liberty and unlimited opportunity that the world has ever seen.
Senator Barrasso and I have concerns about President Obama possibly abusing his authority to unilaterally designate new federal monuments to repay political debts. We joined some of our colleagues this week in warning the president against using his discretionary powers to limit energy production on federal lands by designating energy rich lands as sites for monuments. Click the link to read the letter.
Yesterday I had the opportunity to meet with 8th graders from Cody Middle School who were in D.C. on an American heritage trip.
Today on Flag Day we remember the adoption of the American flag as a symbol of this nation. Our flag is not just a piece of fabric, decorated with stars and stripes. Our flag is a constant reminder of all those who have sacrificed everything for their country. It is a symbol of freedom, justice, liberty, and what it means to be an American. That is why I am cosponsoring an amendment to the Constitution to prevent the desecration of the United States flag. Changing the law may not change people, but most Americans want this symbol of our nation and history protected.
NA
It’s The U.S. Army's 238th Birthday today. Take time to help celebrate and honor their continued dedication to protecting and defending our Nation at home and abroad. Thank you for your service and keeping Americans safe.
I appreciate that the Department of Interior has extended the public comment period for the proposed Niobrara Confluence and Ponca Bluffs Conservation area. The hundreds of Nebraskans who have contacted my office on this matter have reasonable cause to be concerned about the federal government seizing or controlling such a vast quantity of private land. This extension will ensure local residents affected by the proposal have sufficient time to asses its potential impacts and voice their legitimate concerns.
The sexual assault crisis in our military is simply unacceptable. As I have said all along, this is not a gender issue; it is a violence issue. After working with my colleagues on meaningful, bipartisan legislation that will make a real difference in addressing this scourge, I am pleased the two amendments I cosponsored to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) were adopted.
Flag Day. Honoring our flag and reflecting on our freedoms.
Palmetto Girls State is a one-week leadership and citizenship training program, created to educate outstanding high school students about state and local government and citizenship.    Girls attending Palmetto Girls State experience governmental procedure by simulating political campaigns, elections, and the political process.  They also learn about the principles of citizenship and public service from guest speakers, expert panels and staff members.  The delegates, who are rising seniors in high school, are selected for the program based on the leadership skills and involvement they have shown in their respective schools and communities.  As citizens of Palmetto Girls State, the delegates are divided into groups of about 30 called "cities."  They will create local governments, devise political party platforms and ultimately elect a Senate, a House of Representatives, and state constitutional officers.  The South Carolina Department of the American Legion Auxiliary has organized and administered Palmetto Girls State since 1947.
Groupof8 well intended but misguided abt securing border b/4 legalizing. Imm. bill legalizes b4 border secure. Can’t make illegal once legal
If u r interested in business problem of patent trolling read SenSchumers article WSJournal June13  This is real problem Congress must deal
Today is FlagDay. Fly Stars&Stripes a symbol of liberty and freedom,,,a Beacon of Hope  Fact:Millions come here legal yearly 4OPPURTUNITY
Congratulations to the United States Army on its 238th Birthday. Just a reminder you haven't beat United States Navy football in the last 11 years.
Congratulations to Col. Klye Kremer as he accepts command of the 375th Air Mobility Wing at Scott Air Force Base. Thank you Col. David Almand for your service.
I heard from the CEO of Navistar, a manufacturer based in Lisle, about some innovative things they are working on in Illinois.
Iran’s presidential election is fraught with fraud & fear. Check out the op-ed I wrote with Irwin Cotler.
NA
The United States Army stands as the pride of this country and the envy of the world. Happy 238th birthday to the U.S. Army. #Kentucky #USArmy
Congrats to the more than 1,000 graduates from the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth. It was an honor to have U.S. Army Undersecretary Dr. Joseph Westphal in Kansas to speak to the graduating class this morning, which also marks a special occasion for the Army—the 238th anniversary of its founding.
On June 14, 1777, the Second Continental Congress passed a resolution adopting the American Flag. For the last 236 years, it has served as a symbol of hope and strength for Americans, just as it did here for Harveyville community members after a tornado ravaged their town in March 2012. Celebrate today by proudly flying Old Glory.
Today I visited Hoffman Pharmacy in Westmoreland. Here, W.H. and Trudie Hoffman have been caring for their patients for 43 years. Access to businesses that provide vital services determines whether small communities are able to survive and flourish.
I'll be joining Cathy Dawes on KMAN Radio 1350 around 9:30 a.m. CT this morning. Tune in or listen live via the link below.
Happy Flag Day! Great story about Findlay, Ohio, Flag City, USA -- patriotic community with a proud tradition.
Happy 238th birthday to The U.S. Army. Thanks for all you do, and let’s remember those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice to keep us safe and free. We cannot forget the generations of Army moms, dads, spouses, sons and daughters who too have sacrificed while loved ones have served near and far.
Here are two statistics that disturb me, and should startle everyone:  • African Americans in Kentucky are six times more likely than whites to be arrested for marijuana possession. • While African Americans are 13 percent of the total U.S. population, they make up 37 percent of the prison population.  What is the reason for these disparities?  Click here to read more: http://www.courier-journal.com/article/20130614/OPINION04/306140033/Sen-Rand-Paul-Fighting-racial-bias-federal-judicial-process
So far, we have more than 250,000 people who have signed up to challenge the constitutionality of the generalized warrants. We expect many more.  The Constitution is not a negotiable piece of parchment to be ignored or abused at the president's whim. Washington leaders are expected to obey and protect what they took an oath to uphold - and if this means taking them to court over it, so be it.  Click to read my entire Washington Times op-ed here:http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/14/liberty-versus-power/
While it won’t be a bin buster due to the ongoing drought and late freezes, wheat harvest in Kansas has begun. As your travels take you around the state over the next month be sure to watch for slow moving vehicles and farm equipment.  
Old Glory flying high over the Capitol Building on a beautiful Flag Day here in Washington.
I want to wish a very happy 238th Birthday to the United States Army.  Kansas is proud to have a strong army presence with the Big Red One at Fort Riley and the intellectual center of the army at Fort Leavenworth.  Happy Birthday and Go Army.
Republican Senators To Offer Border Security Amendment: http://1.usa.gov/120c1CX VIDEO: http://bit.ly/120c5T7  Rubio: “We do need to improve the border security part of the bill. … A bunch of senators have been working on it. A lot of Republicans want to be supportive of something, but need to be able to go back home and tell people that they have taken serious steps to make sure this never happens again. … It is going to have to be in there or this is not going to pass.”
Please join me in wishing a Happy 238th Birthday to the United States Army. Today we celebrate the strength of our soldiers who have fought to protect our great nation.   http://www.dothaneagle.com/news/article_936ae230-d48b-11e2-8fec-001a4bcf6878.html
Sessions just issued the following comment:   “I am not encouraged by Senator Rubio’s recent comment that ‘a lot of Republicans want to be supportive of something, but need to be able to go back home and tell people that they have taken serious steps to make sure this never happens again.’  This is the whole problem: it’s not about just passing ‘something’ and telling the American people we’ve fixed the problem. It’s about actually fixing the problem.  Yet the Gang of Eight has been inaccurately telling us for months that this is the toughest enforcement plan in history. Now they are telling us they have an amendment to make the untrue thing they said before true. If they want to repair their credibility they need to do more than ‘tell’ people things, they need to actually accomplish those things. For too long they have focused on spin and promotion—not substance.”
Sessions: "While the authors of this bill will inevitably tout the fact that adding 30 million immigrants to the nation will increase the GDP, they won’t say it will be at the expense of struggling U.S. workers—immigrant and native born—who are trying to support their families and climb into the middle class."
Sen. Sessions will be appearing on the Ed Morrissey Show momentarily to discuss immigration. Hope you can tune in.
Sessions will be LIVE on the Matt Murphy Show at 8:05 AM CT. To listen live, click here:
Today I joined my colleagues in the South Carolina delegation in asking the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to ensure South Carolina seniors continue to have access to critical health care supplies. If left unchecked, the current durable medical equipment bidding program could make it significantly harder for seniors to easily and affordably obtain necessary medical equipment.  Read more: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/south-carolina-congressional-delegation-asks-feds-ensure-access-health-care-supplies
NA
Getting ready to go On the Record with Greta Van Susteren at 10:10 on Fox News!
Good morning Pennsylvania. You can find my weekly update here. Happy Friday!
Happy Flag Day, America. Long may she wave.
The Stars and Stripes flying over Tupelo, MS. Happy Flag Day!
Great news for Mississippi's shipbuilders in Pascagoula: Today, the U.S. Coast Guard announced  a $76.8 million contract award to begin procurement of a seventh National Security Cutter.  Read more by clicking the link below.
I am pleased to announce the launch of my new website: http://wicker.senate.gov.   My website will serve as a one-stop shop for constituent services: applications for congressional internships and military academy nominations, tips on filing grant proposals, and instructions for filing casework.
