NA
Today Senator Ayotte attended the grand opening of Safran Aerospace Composites and Albany Engineering Composites new facility in Rochester.  Read more: http://www.boston.com/news/local/new-hampshire/2014/03/31/aerospace-companies-mark-opening-plant/USRspy8NKdV6gQiKp55KJK/story.html
On Friday, Senator Ayotte participated in a special ceremony at the State House honoring Sergeant First Class Paul Dimond (U.S. Army Reserves) of Manchester, who was awarded the Purple Heart Medal for his brave and extraordinary service to our country in Afghanistan.  Sergeant Dimond was injured in an IED explosion while serving in Afghanistan in 2011.  Even though the explosion took place five meters from him, he reacted quickly and accounted for the members of his team - and helped them get medical attention. 
I'm very proud Congress passed a version of the bipartisan bill that I introduced with Senator Stabenow to address our nation's fragmented mental health system. This is a great victory for the nearly one in four Americans who are living with diagnosable mental illnesses nationwide. It's also an important step forward as we work to reach our goal to treat these behavioral illnesses just like any other physical illness.
We are holding a telephone townhall tonight at 7 pm cst. Follow the link below to sign-up to participate.
A member of my staff will visit the following communities this week to assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Wednesday, April 2  Goshen: 9:30am – 12:00pm ET Goshen Public Library, 601 South 5th Street, Goshen  Williamsport: 10:00am – 12:00pm ET Williamsport-Washington Township Public Library, 28 East 2nd Street, Williamsport  Greensburg: 12:00pm – 2:00pm ET Greensburg City Hall, 314 W. Washington Street, Greensburg  Thursday, April 3  Bourbon: 1:00pm – 3:00pm ET Bourbon Public Library,  307 N Main Street, Bourbon  Friday, April 4  Brookville: 12:00pm – 2:00pm ET Brookville Public Library, 919 Main Street, Brookville
NA
Op-Ed: Getting out of Washington, D.C., and back to Idaho is rewarding enough; it is all the more so when I am fortunate enough to meet with Idaho students.  I recently had the opportunity to meet with students at Jenifer Junior High School in Lewiston to join them for some healthy foods made from Idaho-grown pulse crops—peas, lentils, chickpeas and dry beans.  During the consideration of the Farm Bill earlier this year, I worked with Washington Senator Maria Cantwell to establish a new pilot program that allows schools the opportunity to serve nutritious snack and lunch items made from pulse crops.  Consumption of these crops has been linked to reducing obesity and the risk of diabetes.  Currently, 17 percent of children aged 2 to 19 are rated as obese, which puts them at increased risk for diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels.  Much of the research regarding pulse crops has been done right here at the University of Idaho, and our farm bill provisions will expand that research and add new marketing and classroom possibilities for pulse crops.  Programs like these are a win-win for the state—ensuring our next generation of leaders have nutritious choices and great for Idaho agriculture.   
Cornyn To Reid: Stop Blocking Attempts to Get Americans Back To Work:
Obama Admin.: Deadlines... are made to be broken:
Ray Hutchison spent the majority of his life serving the people of Texas and working to advance our great State. His contributions and distinguished service will always be remembered.   From his time in the Texas Legislature, to leading the Texas Republican Party, to the countless good projects he spearheaded, his tireless work made our State a better place.   Heidi and I send our prayers and condolences to Kay, Houston, Bailey, and all of Ray's loved ones as Texas joins in mourning their loss of a committed husband, father, and friend.
Indeed, the biggest lie in politics is that the GOP is the party of the rich.
Disgraceful. Secretary Kerry, no US visas for Iranian hostage takers.
Looks like the Obamacare enrollment period ends like it started… #FullRepeal
Our national parks are important to Wyoming and to me personally. I want to see them preserved, but I also want people to be able to access and enjoy them. The trend recently has been to lessen public access and often the justification is that there isn’t enough money to keep things open. Yet, we’ve never been able to tell where all the money is really going. That’s why I’m calling for a formal review of the National Park Service’s structure and spending habits with Senators Lisa Murkowski and Tom Coburn. We need to know where the money is going and if there are better ways it could be spent. 
Today's matchup of the Elite #8ofWaste is between the Showy Staters and the USDA Pizza Ruts. Which is the bigger waste of your taxdollars - State Department stemware or a USDA study on U.S. pizza consumption? Vote in the comments section below.
Looks like the Beltway Boozers can punch their ticket to the #FinalFour in my Elite #8ofWaste. Thanks for voting! Next matchup tips off soon.
My staff will be holding local office hours in Greeley, Ericson, Burwell, Ponca, Walthill, South Sioux City, Arthur, Ogallala, and Grant in April. Check here to find out when my staff will be in your community to offer personal assistance with federal casework and other issues at the federal level. http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/state-office-hours
Congratulations to UND men's hockey team on big win and advancement to Frozen Four!
Did you know that Woodward and Weatherford, Oklahoma are among the top 10 fastest-growing small towns in the U.S.? These two towns serve as a reminder that investing in our nation's energy resources will lead to much-needed economic growth and job opportunities.  http://newsok.com/two-western-oklahoma-towns-are-among-fastest-growing-in-u.s./article/3947284 
What a great opening day WIN by the Milwaukee @Brewers!  #BrewersOpener
From a recent Deseret News editorial: "A system of laws must provide a way for an individual’s crimes to be weighed by a judge, whose duty it is to measure out appropriate punishment. Perhaps fearful of excessive leniency by some judges, in the past generation state legislatures and the federal government embarked upon a 'mandatory' path, largely stripping this discretion from the judge.  "As noted in the Deseret News report,'in the mandatory minimums regime, all the discretion previously held by judges now belongs to the prosecutor. Federal prosecutors have a fearsome 98 percent win rate at trial. Combined with extreme sentences, this gives them enormous leverage. Plead guilty and implicate someone in exchange for a lighter sentence. Maintain innocence and refuse to offer up other targets, and face a stiff minimum sentence when you lose.'  "This unfortunate combination puts bad incentives in front of accused criminals. And it does no credit to our system of justice. We commend the Senate Judiciary Committee for acting on SB1410, the Smarter Sentencing Act, and urge its passage by the full Senate and the House."
Following tonight's votes, around 5:30 p.m. CT, I will pay tribute to the Mulls — a Kansas family who tragically perished in a plane crash last month.
It’s Seward’s Day Alaska, and as we commemorate the sale of Alaska to the United States, I can’t help but think it’s the best $7.2 million our nation has ever spent!
It's Opening Day at Great American Ball Park. Let's go Reds!
Title should read: "Awkward photos my staff makes me take"   http://www.buzzfeed.com/bennyjohnson/17-awkward-photos-that-only-politicians-take
Sen. Sessions commented today on the current state of immigration enforcement in light of new reports:  “The preponderance of the evidence demonstrates that immigration enforcement in America has collapsed. Even those with criminal convictions are being released. DHS is a department in crisis. Secretary Johnson must reject the President’s demands to weaken enforcement further and tell him that his duty, and his officers’ duty, is to enforce the law—not break it. As Homeland Secretary, Mr. Johnson is tasked with ensuring the public safety and the rule of law. But Secretary Johnson is not meeting these duties.  American citizens have a legal and moral right to the protections our immigration laws afford—at the border, the interior and the workplace. The Administration has stripped these protections and adopted a government policy that encourages new arrivals to enter illegally or overstay visas by advertising immunity from future enforcement. Comments from top Administration officials, such as Attorney General Holder’s claim that amnesty is a civil right, or Vice President Biden’s claim that those here illegally are all U.S. citizens (apparently including someone whose visa expired yesterday), demonstrate the Administration’s increasing belief in an open borders policy the American public has always rejected.  The Administration’s lawless policies have not only impaired public safety but increased economic suffering for millions of vulnerable Americans by depriving them of their jobs and wages.  Unfortunately, Congressional Democrats continue to empower this lawlessness. Republicans must work to end it.”
Sessions: “[Jeremiah Denton] represented the best that America has to offer. His grit and bravery shined through from his dark prison cell deep in Vietnam, and it lit up the world… The entire United States Senate sends our prayers to his loved ones. And we send our promise that Jeremiah Denton will never be forgotten.”
Every Wednesday when the Senate is in session, I invite South Carolinans into my DC office for some sweet tea and great conversations.  These are some photos from our last few events.
NA
With the Penn State Women's Volleyball team and Coach Russ Rose this morning. Congratulations on winning the 2013 National Championship!
Great to be on campus in Happy Valley to meet with the Penn State Women's Volleyball team and congratulate them on winning the 2013 National Championship!
Wicker Report | The health-care law’s implementation has been fraught with problems at nearly every turn, from continuous delays to attacks on religious freedom.  I am hopeful that the Supreme Court case will be a victory for the constitutional protection of religious rights and that Obamacare will be repealed and replaced before any more damage is done to the health care, finances, and constitutional freedoms of the American people.      
