Debt: $17 trillion and counting
Like your health care plan and want to keep it? Not so fast...
Excellent analysis of why we shouldn't wait until after the next election to fight Obamacare. #MakeDCListen
Third-quarter University of Northern Iowa over South Dakota University 2814
Uni beat Illinois St 3/1 volleyball
This morning, I visited with Manhattan residents and fellow Lions Club members at their annual pancake feed. In addition to great food and company, the Manhattan Lions Club had free mobile health screenings and the Kansas Quality Woodworkers organized an arts and crafts show with more than 20 booths. It was good to catch up with Dee McKee and visit about education issues.
It may be a beautiful Fall day, 54 degrees and sunny in Anchorage, but we Alaskans know Snow is coming soon.  I'm spending the afternoon at the West High Ski Swap to get ready for the season ahead.
Joining my friend Dave Stieren on his radio show to talk about our the negotiations that opened our federal government, the nation's budget and deficit and what comes next.  Tune into KFQD right now
Statement On The Passing Of U.S. Rep. C.W. Bill Young: http://1.usa.gov/17T0CYF  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement regarding the death of Congressman C.W. Bill Young (R-FL):   “Floridians have lost one of the greatest public servants we’ve ever had in our state’s history.  For over a half century, Bill fought tirelessly for the Tampa Bay region and to strengthen Florida’s role as a critical part of our national defense.  Largely because of Bill Young, many of our nation’s brave men and women in uniform have called Florida home at some point in their careers, with many of them spending their golden retirement years here.  Throughout Bill’s career, our military and veterans have had no greater champion than him.  My thoughts and prayers are with Bill’s wife, Beverly, and their entire family.”
NA
Earlier today, Sen. Sessions issued a statement on the Department of Homeland Security. Here is some additional background information:  Background:   · The ICE officers’ association reports that they are “currently forced to apply [the President’s] DREAMer orders to detainees in prisons and jails,” and that “violent criminals are released every day back into communities.” USCIS adjudications officers report that they are under “pressure to rubber-stamp applications,” and “have become an approval machine.”   · Reports from border patrol officers that illegal alien assaults against agents, as well as unlawful actions to impede agents in their duties, are not being prosecuted.   · Research from the Senate Budget, Finance and Agriculture committee minority offices demonstrate that federal in-law welfare restrictions for non-citizens have been ignored by DHS.
Yesterday, our national debt reached $17 trillion, which translates to nearly $54,000 per United States citizen.    Recent short-term funding bills have piled hundreds of billions of dollars of additional debt on current and future generations of Americans.    Long-term spending reforms are needed so that we can start putting our fiscal house in order.
