Sen. Alexander’s legislation to help protect Tennesseans from “another nightmare meningitis outbreak” passed the Senate yesterday and is on its way to becoming law. Alexander said, “Tennesseans deserve this bill, which will make it clear exactly who is in charge of overseeing each compounding facility, so there will be no questions about who’s on the flagpole.” http://1.usa.gov/1ip6ykX
Watch Sen. Alexander on this morning’s “Squawk Box” (CNBC) discussing why Obamacare is the “wrong direction” for America –and describing specific Republican health care solutions to encourage competition and choice. LIKE or SHARE if you agree that Obamacare took our health care system in the wrong direction.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lznXkziuZdQ&feature=youtu.be
Today Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of women Senators to speak against sexual assault in the military and highlight the historic reforms included in the defense bill that would help address sexual assault in the military and better protect victims of these crimes.
As we mark the 150th Anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, we reflect on President Lincoln’s lessons that what unites us as Americans is much greater than what divides us.
Less than a week after President Obama proposed a temporary Band-Aid to his botched health care law, a new Washington Post – ABC survey shows Americans’ disapproval of ObamaCare has hit a record high. The fact is Americans don’t want this train wreck and I’m committed to dismantling it.
#Obamacare success story cited by President Obama last month turns out to be a failure thanks to multiple miscalculations by the Washington state health exchange. #trainwreck
A member of my staff will be in Tipton and Noblesville later this week to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. Details below:  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Tipton Date: Thursday, November 21, 2013 Time: 8:30 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. EST Location: Tipton Public Library, 127 E. Madison Street, Tipton  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Noblesville Date: Friday, November 22, 2013 Time: 12:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m. EST Location: South Meeting Room, Noblesville Library, One Library Plaza, Noblesville
I am pleased the Senate unanimously passed my bill to help give the Koehl family a sense of closure and to protect the integrity of our national cemeteries. My office and I have been working for more than a year with the Koehl family and the VA to remedy this unacceptable mistake. I truly wish the events that prompted the need for this legislation never occurred in the first place.
Spoke via Skype with the Henry's Fork Watershed Council on the 20th anniversary of their founding. The council has made significant milestones over the last 20 years on collaborative efforts to ensure the sustainability of the watershed. #idpol
“…that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.” President Abraham Lincoln gave the Gettysburg Address 150 years ago today at the dedication of the Soldiers’ National Cemetery in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.  Lincoln spoke for just over two minutes, but the powerful message of equality and freedom must never be forgotten.  Today we honor one of the greatest speeches ever given, and the man who gave it, our sixteenth president, Abraham Lincoln.
Senator Collins and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski led a group of ten women Senators today speaking out on the Senate floor against sexual assault in the military.  "The women of the Senate are united by the need for serious reforms that will enhance the military's response to sexual assault," said Senator Collins.
Senator Collins had the honor of meeting a true hero and inspiration, Army Staff Sergeant Travis Mills, who is one of only five quadruple-amputees from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to survive their injuries.  Travis is the subject of a new documentary titled “Travis: A Soldier’s Story.” He has since established the National Veterans Family Center, a camp for veterans and their families located at Camp Kennebec in Belgrade, Maine.
 
 More about the camp: http://www.veteransfamilycamp.com/
 
 More about the film: http://travisthemovie.com/
November is National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month and National Caregiver Month. According to the Alzheimer's Association, Maine Chapter, there are more than 15 million Alzheimer's and dementia caregivers in our country.
VIDEO: Cornyn Introduces Bill to Combat Sex Trafficking
Cornyn Introduces Bill To End Disenfranchisement Of Military Voters:
Senator Corker made the following statement after a meeting at the White House to discuss negotiations with Iran.  “Democrats have procedurally blocked the Senate from taking any action on Iran this week.  As such, we will closely monitor what happens in Geneva and examine the details of any interim deal.  After leaving the meeting at the White House today, I am still concerned we will trade away our leverage without ever forcing Iran to fully comply with its existing international obligations.  Because the Obama administration has not articulated an end-state for the Iranian nuclear program, I am also concerned the interim deal will become the final deal,” said Corker. “Congress must develop a bipartisan course of action that keeps the pressure on Iran and results in a final agreement that stops Iran from developing a nuclear weapon.” http://1.usa.gov/1bOeGIH
Today at 1pm ET on CNN with Wolf Blitzer, Sen. Corker will talk about his meeting at the White House on Iran.
Senator Corker said legislation unanimously passed by the Senate today will reinforce PEPFAR’s (the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief) success in combating HIV and AIDS globally. PEPFAR was initiated by President George W. Bush.  “PEPFAR has saved millions of lives in the global fight against HIV/AIDS, and this legislation will help reinforce those gains as the program transitions from an emergency U.S.-led effort to one in which recipient countries increasingly sustain the program themselves,” said Corker.  Read more: http://t.co/KDbiCpnwsu.
Today we honor the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln's Gettysburg Address.  Please watch and share:
Employees should have more say in determining their own rights than union leaders. I joined Sen. Hatch and others in introducing a plan that would protect the right to a secret ballot election when deciding to join a union and give employees the right to say no to having their dues or fees go to fund political activities they don’t agree with. Our bill puts the employee in charge of their money instead of unions. Click the link below to read the bill.
Great to meet with Major General Daryl Bohac today to discuss issues related to Nebraska’s National Guard. I'm grateful for his service to our state.
Today marks the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address. In that monumental speech, Lincoln called for a “new birth of freedom” in our country. His visionary words continue to inspire us as a nation.
Given all the problems they have created, you would think the White House would be trying to plug some of the holes in this sinking ship known as Obamacare.  Instead, they are out there recruiting more people to come on board. We shouldn’t buy a ticket on the Titanic.    Governor Nikki Haley and our state legislature understand the simple fact that expansion of Medicaid called for under Obamacare is unsustainable.  South Carolina was right to reject it.  We cannot afford this burden.
Senator Grassley continues to work for passage of military justice reform for sexual assault cases.   Senators are expected to vote this week on the Military Justice Improvement Act, which works to eliminate potential bias and make victims more comfortable in coming forward.  Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47519
Today, I announced my support for Senator Kirsten Gillibrand’s #MilitarySexualAssault legislation. #MJIA #passMJIA  http://1.usa.gov/1hV0iUl
Gussner Elementary in Jamestown is one of the three North Dakota schools to be named a Blue Ribbon School this year. This afternoon I was glad to extend my congratulations to two of the school's teachers as well as the school district's superintendent.
Congratulations to the three North Dakota schools that have earned the prestigious Blue Ribbon School distinction from the Department of Education.  
 
 Today I was honored to congratulate several Edgeley Public School teachers as they traveled to Washington, D.C. to receive formal recognition for their school’s achievement.
The President's meeting today with Senate leadership was an attempt to garner trust in him and in Iran to negotiate a deal on the country's nuclear weapons program. I declined the invitation because the President wants us to trust a country that has deceived the United States and concealed their nuclear program for over 20 years. He is asking us to trust a country that continues to support terrorism around the globe, continues to repress the Iranian people, and under President Rouhani's leadership has increased its support for the mass slaughter of Syrians. Until Iran takes clear and demonstrable steps to fulfill its obligations, I cannot seriously consider the President's request to ease sanction and thereby put our national security at risk. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-regarding-white-house-meeting-on-iran-deal
I want to hear how ObamaCare is impacting you and your family's insurance coverage. Please take a moment to tell me your story of ObamaCare. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/feedback/yourstory
I am looking forward to joining  The Kelly File tonight at 8:05pm CT. Tune into Fox News Channel!
It's time to end child sex trafficking. Today I co-sponsored two bills that will protect victims and help prosecutors go after traffickers.
 
 READ MORE: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=937
Abraham Lincoln gave the Gettysburg Address 150 years ago today, resolving "that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom – and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth."
In her confirmation hearing, Secretary Jewell confirmed to me that it was her belief and the belief of the Obama Administration that national monument designations should not be made without significant support from the local communities, officials, and stakeholders.  She might as well have said, "If you like your multiple-use federal land, you can keep it."    She recently made comments that suggest she would advise the president to designate national monuments  if Congress "fails to act" in accordance with the Administration's wishes.  I would suggest that if Congress fails to act it is because the local support that she claims exists for these monument designations does not in fact exist.  Like and share this if you agree that the president should not unilaterally designate new national monuments unless called for by an act of Congress.
Today we commemorate the #GettysburgAddress on its 150th anniversary: "The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they here gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth."
Must watch video: Senate Democrats on the Run from #Obamacare
Today, the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs passed legislation Senator Roberts and I offered to honor WWII Veteran and Kansan Lieutenant General Richard “Dick” Seitz. The legislation would designate the Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic as the “Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic,” and was included in the Veterans Programs Improvements Act, S. 1581, the committee’s omnibus bill.  Our country lost a great man, a dedicated soldier, and an American hero when Lieutenant General Dick Seitz passed away. Dick was a mentor, a friend, and someone I hold in extremely high regard. As a native Kansan who settled in Junction City following his military retirement, he never retired from serving. I’m grateful for his commitment to serving Junction City and am delighted to honor him by working to name the community-based outpatient clinic in his honor.
#KansasCommonSense: Health insurance cancellations due to Obamacare, Senate passage of compounding pharmacy legislation, visiting Phillips County Hospital and Medical Clinics, joining entrepeneurs at Hays Startup Weekend and more.
Alaskans know our state and our communities are on the forefront of Arctic changes and we need to be ready.  That’s why this morning I met with Sec. of State John Kerry to talk about the Arctic.  I pressed Kerry and the State Department to be actively engaged in creating a detailed action plan with a clear agenda laying out concrete goals.  We can’t wait around on this one.  We need a plan now.  http://1.usa.gov/1b69SQu
Held hearing today with Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.) on the important role of inspectors general in protecting taxpayer dollars.
Today we honor the Gettysburg Address. We still hear Lincoln’s call. Liberty is our goal, freedom our watchword.
“Woman Hailed by President as Obamacare Success Story Now Can't Afford Obamacare” Read more and share #YourStory at paul.senate.gov  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/woman-hailed-president-obamacare-success-story-now-cant-afford-obamacare_767868.html
This isn't really just about Healthcare–this is about Freedom of Choice. Share your Obamacare story HERE: http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Last night, I took the Center Seat on Fox's Special Report with Bret Baier.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzaX_d7G59Q
In case you missed it:  Last week, Fox's John Roberts highlighted my recent trip to South Carolina: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8NWpr2X-1A&feature=youtu.be
Momentum Builds For Senator Rubio's ObamaCare Bailout Prevention Bill: 1.usa.gov/1h19ANe  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today welcomed the support of several fiscal watchdog and conservative organizations for S.1726, The ObamaCare Bailout Prevention Act, a bill that would eliminate a provision of ObamaCare that allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of insurance companies at the Obama Administration’s sole discretion...
Senators Rubio, Tester Introduce Measure To Raise Military Pay: http://1.usa.gov/1aqjnbj  U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Jon Tester (D-MT) today introduced an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that would raise the salaries of active duty military personnel by 1.8 percent...
Senator Rubio Introduces Bill Preventing Taxpayer-Funded Bailouts Of Insurance Companies Under ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/18MPf5V  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced S.1726, The ObamaCare Bailout Prevention Act, a bill that would eliminate a provision of ObamaCare that allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of insurance companies at the Obama Administration’s sole discretion...
Senator Rubio: As we commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, there is no better tribute I can imagine than simply reading President Lincoln's immortal words: http://bit.ly/1elzbPL
Senator Rubio: No Bailouts For ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/1aDo6FO  The health-care law’s ‘risk corridors’ could result in a huge taxpayer burden.   With every passing day, ObamaCare’s flaws are being exposed in painful ways for the American people. What started as a broken website—and nonexistent Spanish one—is now snowballing into a full-scale disaster that makes it increasingly clear this law can’t be fixed...
The tech giant lobbying group, FWD.us, has launched a nationwide ad campaign arguing for ‘immigration reform.’ What you won’t hear from these companies is that the ‘reform’ they have in mind is doubling the number of guest workers who are brought in each year just to fill jobs—despite high unemployment. A recent article in Computerworld quoted Tufts Professor Karen Panetta warning that ‘students will face increasing competition from lower-wage H-1B workers if the federal cap on visas rises.’ Rutgers Professor Sal Hazman warned that those under 30 will be especially hard hit. And Ron Hira, a professor at the Rochester Institute of Technology, was quoted in the same article as explaining that these visas are being ‘used very extensively for cheap labor.’ Congress should resist the pressure from these special interests and President Obama and intensify our effort to get unemployed American workers—high and low-skilled—into these jobs.   -J.S.
Four cybersecurity experts testified on Healthcare.gov, and all had one conclusion: Healthcare.gov should not be used by Americans at present.     The main website and others it integrates with constitute one of the largest collections of personal data in history, and experts testified that if it hasn't been hacked already, it likely will be soon.   Read more here:  http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2013/11/19/healthcaregov-already-compromised-security-expert-says/?cmpid=cmty_twitter_fn
November 8, 2013
November 1, 2012
November 1, 2013
October 21, 2013
The United States Department of Justice has dropped an injunction that would have trapped needy kids in failing schools because of the color of their skin.
Tonight, National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA, will launch nanosatellites - or cubesats - built by students at Drexel University. Very impressive.
"This is it. I'm not getting insurance," Sanford told CNN. "That's where it stands right now unless they fix it."
It was a humbling experience to speak on the 150th anniversary of the #Gettysburg Address. How blessed are we as a nation to have been given a leader like Lincoln.
With Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr., before we spoke at this morning's Gettysburg Address commemoration ceremony.
Great to see Justice Antonin Scalia at the dedication ceremony for the 150th anniversary of Lincoln's Gettysburg address.
Dedication of Lincoln’s Gettysburg address is live streaming at 10 a.m. Hope you can take a few minutes to watch.
En route to Gettysburg National Military Park for the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln's address.
I am deeply concerned about the Russian proposal to use U.S. soil to strengthen its GPS capabilities. These ground monitor stations could be used to gather intelligence. Even more troubling, these stations could actually improve the accuracy of foreign missiles targeted at the United States.
NA
