Senator Alexander today joined several of East Tennessee's top higher education leaders, students, and parents for a roundtable at Pellissippi State Community College in Knoxville to talk about education.
Was in Greenfield today to hear from local stakeholders about the economic benefit of preserving New Hampshire’s natural resources and protecting outdoor recreational lands. Enjoyed visiting Crotched Mountain Rehabilitation Center and hiking the Gregg Trail, and appreciate their work to improve the lives of individuals with disabilities- including expanding access to outdoor opportunities.
The new travel regulations the Obama Administration announced today simply do not go far enough. I continue to believe that the best approach is a temporary suspension on all travel visas for those traveling to the United States from #Ebola-stricken countries.
Ranking Member Sessions and the Republicans on the Senate Budget Committee put together an excellent resource that documents the real world effects of Obamacare.
I enjoyed the opportunity to chat with Angie's List emerging leaders.
ICYMI: The Idaho National Laboratory leads the nation in nuclear research and provides jobs for thousands of Idahoans.  I am proud of the INL and continue to advocate for the lab in Washington.  Click on the link to read more about the economic impact the INL has in Idaho. #Idaho
Finally a tiny step in the right direction, but we should take the big step of enacting flight bans to keep Americans safe from Ebola.
We should lead boldly. No Washington games.  We will either pass a serious agenda to address the real priorities of the American people — protecting our constitutional rights and pulling us back from the fiscal and economic clifff — or the Democrats will filibuster or veto these bills.
Really enjoyed taking questions and talking with the kids at Lander Middle School on October 14. We talked about the importance of education and planning at a young age for what skills a person needs to get the job they want in their field of interest. #WyoWorks
When construction is completed, the Job Corps Center in Riverton will offer vocational and educational training to young people ages 16 to 24 in order to prepare them for a career and allow them to grow the skills for a high paying 21st century job. I toured the Job Corps Center site October 14 with Justin Swift, Glenn Hoyle, and Sandy Luers. #WyoWorks
I was impressed by Central Wyoming College’s cutting-edge pro-technical building, including the access to 3D  printers. While I was there they were constructing a bolt and nut through this state-of-the-art technology. Thanks to Jennifer Metcalf, Workforce and Community Education Specialist, for showing us how all the technology works October 14. #WyoWorks
Great turnout at tonight's #ISTAND event at University of Nevada, Reno. I'm proud to see so many students joining in efforts to end sexual assault on campus.
ICYMI: I wrote an op-ed with Senator Carl Levin in the Washington Post on why President Obama needs to stop ignoring Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko’s specific request for U.S. military aid to combat Russian aggression. As we argued in the op-ed, Ukrainian forces have demonstrated the will to defend their nation against superior rebel and Russian forces; what they lack is not will but means.   http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/carl-levin-james-inhofe-give-ukraine-the-weapons-it-needs-to-defend-itself/2014/10/16/06da647a-4fe2-11e4-babe-e91da079cb8a_story.html
I will be speaking to the students at Hillsdale College tonight at around 8:00 p.m. ET.  You can watch the video stream of the speech here.
This is 1st Lieutenant Lynn Taylor, who has defended our country piloting the A-10 Thunderbolt II.  This picture was taken before his first training flight to drop his first live 500 lb. bombs. #honorutahveterans
NA
#KansasCommonSense: Kansas Listening Tour continues in Nemaha and Doniphan Counties, addressing the Ebola crisis, Hiawatha Community Hospital visit, and more.
This morning I was honored to greet the Alaska Honor Flight made up of twenty WWII veterans and three Korean War veterans - along with their family, friends, and guardians traveling with them - as they departed from Alaska to their DC destination. To be there this morning as part of the sendoff and recognize what they did for all of us was really beyond awesome. You could see the excitement in each and every one of them.  It’s really a very heartwarming and special thing that we see with these honor flights.
Alaska-sized thanks to everyone who came to fight ALS at the Hip Hop Cycle event event at the Alaska Club tonight!
MUST- READ: 'Religious Freedom Dying at Altar of Political Correctness' http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/10/21/Religious-Freedom-Dying-at-Alter-of-Political-Correctness?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter
Ever wonder how the U.S. government spends your tax dollars? #WasteBook2014 WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gprIs14CeLQ&list=UUVfmzzKSutzOyJIikyseNHg
Planting the SEED of opportunity  By Jeanette Rubio  Earlier this month, I had the opportunity to visit The SEED School of Miami. As a college-preparatory public boarding school, SEED Miami is the first of its kind in Florida and just the third in the country. My visit there included sitting in on a classroom lesson, as well as touring the community living areas and the students’ dormitories. But for me, it was the time I spent talking to two young students that left the biggest impression on me. Much like I do with my four children, we discussed everything from their favorite subjects to what they want to be when they grow up. They told me about life away from home, and what it is like living and learning at SEED.  I can't think of a better name for this school than SEED Miami, since every day it is planting in each of its 61 students a tiny seed of opportunity and potential. If showered with support, hard work, encouragement and determination, this seed will grow to show these students that anything is possible – no matter who they are or where they come from. Even in the face of adversity, these children are taught that they can do more than just survive. They can thrive.  Marco often talks about what the American Dream means to him. The American Dream is what defines us as Americans and what makes us a special country where kids can grow up to achieve anything. And it is a dream that children everywhere must be constantly reminded that they can achieve, and then given the tools to go out and make it happen. I’m happy to see schools like SEED Miami doing just that.   Here are some pictures from my visit:
Rubio To Kerry: Cuba Should Not Be Allowed To Undermine Summit Of Americas: http://1.usa.gov/1ta1Gqe   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today expressed concern over the Administration’s mixed messages to the Panamanian government regarding Cuba’s participation in the VII Summit of the Americas to be held in Panama.    In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, Rubio urged Kerry to stand by the democratic principles the U.S. formally committed to during the 2001 Summit in Quebec City, and argued that the Castro regime’s continued oppression and habitual human rights violations make Cuba ineligible to participate.   “Furthermore, allowing a country that is a habitual violator of human rights and has not allowed a free election in over 50 years would damage everything that the Summit wishes to accomplish. Cuba should not be allowed to undermine the commitment to democracy made by the remaining nations of the Western Hemisphere during the Summit process,” wrote Rubio. “Moreover, the United States should not stand idly by if Panama does indeed intend to invite Cuba to the Summit.”    “I urge you to reaffirm the United States’ position that Cuba should only be welcome to participate in the Summit when the Castro regime abandons its repression of the island’s population and to ensure that the nations of the Western Hemisphere are left with no doubt that the United States will stand firmly behind the formal commitment it made at the Quebec Summit,” added Rubio.
In case you haven’t seen my #OpportunityAgenda, today I’m sharing 10 important facts about it.  1.Significant parts of my #SKILLSAct were signed into law this year, working to make #job training more efficient and better tied to local needs.  2. The #CHOICEAct puts education back in the hands of parents, and  out of the hands of bureaucrats in Washington. #SchoolChoice  3. The #LEAPAct enjoys bipartisan support, and makes South Carolina’s successful apprenticeship program a national model.  4. The #SEAJobsAct calls for using sound science to determine our coastal resources, and could create up to 280,000 jobs.  5. The CHOICE Act helps kids with special needs have access to the education they deserve. I have had the honor of meeting Ms. Rachel Lewis of Greenville who benefitted from a similar program, and talked about her story here - http://youtu.be/tqoivHUmtIU?t=6m5s    6. My Opportunity Agenda was inspired in part by my grandfather. I talked about his life and what he means to me here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHRwjBXoHKM  7. The LEAP Act would help fill our nation's 4 million vacant jobs, and is paid for by cutting wasteful government printing.  8. The  SEA Jobs Act would both help veterans with job training and emphasize #STEM education at colleges, universities and #HBCUs.   9. The CHOICE Act expands educational options for 200,000 children living on domestic military installations.  10. I’ll announce multiple new initiatives in the coming months to help ensure all Americans have the chance to succeed! Learn more at scott.senate.gov/OpportunityAgenda!
I'm in Erie today with local community leaders and elected officials discussing poverty, homelessness, and crime. Thank you for hosting me!
