I enjoyed talking to Dana Loesch in-studio this afternoon about my new role in the Senate Armed Services Committee and the outrageous Russian adoption ban.
The Morning Joe team interviewed Erskine Bowles about the need for debt & deficit reduction and entitlement reform. Be sure to check it out.
Speaking at TPPF event in Austin with moderator Stephen Moore
Hagel as SecDef "would bring huge cuts" to the military.
POTUS's annual State of the Union speech set for Tuesday, Feb. 12
Rivkin & Casey explain the myth of government default in context of debt ceiling debate
Honored to join Sen. McConnell and the new Republican Senators to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu.
In Israel today and was honored to meet with Prime Minister Netanyahu. Israel remains a stalwart ally.
Grassley Calls on Leaders to Involve All Members of Congress to Seek Fiscal Solutions
Thx to IPTV for opportunity 2 be on Iowa Press today. Don't forget 2 watch show tonite at 7:30 & noon on Sun in Iowa on Ia public TV.
Tahoe-area volunteers' efforts help in adoption of pancreatic cancer law.  http://bit.ly/VmWtKW
I think the FDA was trying to slip one by us when it released its report and opened up public comment on Frankenfish just before Christmas and during a Congressional transition.  We need to extend the public comment period on this to allow more Alaskans and Americans to weigh in and so that Congress can file legislation to fight this – and I am glad a “Coastal Coalition” is building from the Pacific and Atlantic to work together.
Thanks so much to the Kenai/Soldotna Chambers of Commerce for letting me catch up with them and talk to a joint meeting today!
I got a chance to meet a group of Soldotna High students who will be entering the elite ranks of our armed forces when they finish high school.  So proud of them!
Every time I travel in our state, I make a point of visiting schools to talk to Alaska's future- our kids.  Today, I got a chance to visit with the Soldotna High School Honors History class and the student council.  I am very impressed by the questions these young people asked and their knowledge of the issues facing our nation and our state!
On the air with Duane Bannock on KSRM Radio Kenai right now. Tune in live here: http://radiokenai.net
Jane took part in a naturalization ceremony today in Delhi Township, enjoyed meeting these new citizens
Meeting w workers at Dearing Compressor in Youngstown. Company growing because of Ohio energy production.
Catching up with grassroots GOP volunteers in the Mahoning Valley to talk about the issues we must address in Washington DC.
I want to thank Governor Sam Brownback and his drought response team for another successful roundtable. These meetings keep us coordinated as we work together to respond to the third year of this historic drought.
On this date in 1935 - Kansan Amelia Earhart is the first person to fly solo from Hawaii to California. 
Senator Rubio Marks National Human Trafficking Awareness Day 2013: http://1.usa.gov/RKBBMN
Senator Rubio Marks Three Year Anniversary Of Earthquake In Haiti: http://1.usa.gov/VUbm4G
“He knew exactly what he was doing. He should have told the President, ‘I cannot say that, Mr. President. I will not say that. I’d have to resign before I go out before the Committee and try to promote such an idea that our budget is going to pay down the debt.’”
"The Department of Justice is dedicating billions of dollars from the Deepwater Horizon criminal settlements to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation to fund conservation work along the Gulf Coast, and Alabama needs a voice in this process."
I enjoyed speaking to the Upstate Chamber Coalition in Greenville this morning. Great to meet so many smart, dedicated folks.
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs responds to my concerns regarding the outbreak of Legionnaire's disease at Pittsburgh VA facilities. Tune into KQV at 11:30 to hear more:
