U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) released the following statement after voting in support of the fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill, which funds the government through September 30, 2015.  The legislation contains full funding for 11 of the 12 regular annual appropriations bills, with the exception of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), which is funded under a temporary Continuing Resolution at the current fiscal year 2014 level, and expires in February 2015.   “It’s important that we prevent a government shutdown, and this bill adheres to the spending limits established by Congress last December and provides certainty for the remainder of the fiscal year, while also providing an opportunity to address the president’s executive action on immigration when the full Congress is under Republican leadership.  In addition to providing critical funding to combat ISIS and Ebola, the bill also includes important policy measures to boost manufacturing, prevent Obamacare bailouts for insurance companies, extend the ban on Internet access taxes, and provide schools with greater flexibility on school lunch mandates.”   Read more: 1.usa.gov/1BzhoNy
Travel and tourism support good jobs in Missouri. I’m pleased Congress approved a five-year extension of Brand USA to promote international travel to the U.S. This is an effort I’ve been very involved in, both as a member of the House and the Senate, and I’m glad to see it move forward to the president’s desk.
I’m very pleased the manufacturing bill that I introduced with Senator Brown is on its way to become law. This bipartisan legislation will help jump-start good-paying jobs and encourage competitive innovation nationwide. It’s also very important for Missouri, where nearly 10 percent of our workforce is currently employed in manufacturing.
One of Congress’ primary duties is to fund the federal government, but under the management of Harry Reid, the Senate has consistently ignored important spending decisions until literally the last minute. This forces senators to vote on large bills that fund the entire government, but inevitably include many items I do not support.  The bill that the House sent to the Senate does, however, make positive changes for Hoosier families. Reforms include cutting the EPA budget by $60 million and the IRS budget by $345 million, prohibiting an EPA regulation opposed by Indiana farmers and blocking any new funding to implement Obamacare. This is all in addition to necessities like funding our national security priorities and giving our troops a pay raise.   Republicans will govern not only more conservatively, but also more responsibly, when we take control of the Senate in January. Passing this bill and only temporarily funding the Department of Homeland Security will give Republicans more leverage to fight when President Obama tries to implement his promised executive amnesty order. But that was not the vote we had tonight. When that fight comes, Congress should not fund the president’s lawless behavior.
Senator Corker today released the following statement after voting against a spending bill known as a continuing resolution (H.R.83).    “I could not support this spending bill because it continues the regrettable precedent of spending above the budget levels established by the original Budget Control Act without proper offsets elsewhere in the budget,” said Corker. “Next year, controlling both chambers of Congress, Republicans will have the opportunity to govern responsibly by passing individual appropriations bills with more oversight of how taxpayer dollars are being used.”   Corker also commented on a Constitutional point of order raised by Senator Ted Cruz.   "While the president's executive actions on immigration are reprehensible and deserve a strong response, I value the oath I took to support and defend the Constitution too much to exploit it for political expediency,” said Corker. “The Constitution gives Congress the power to fund the government so to assert that the House-passed spending bill is unconstitutional is not only inaccurate but irresponsible."
I strongly oppose the $1.1 trillion spending package passed by the Senate late Saturday evening without the opportunity for amendments to be introduced or time for adequate debate. Our nation is not a dispensable ATM for unbridled, unchecked spending, and our nation can no longer afford for Washington to operate this way. My colleagues and I plan to revisit our spending priorities in a transparent and prudent manner as we work to restore regular order in the new Congress.  Rather than playing Majority Leader Reid's game of staying in Washington for procedural votes that don't require a single Republican, I chose to be home with more than 30,000 Oklahomans in meetings and events. I am returning Sunday, eager to vote for the tax extenders package and other serious legislation that awaits passage in the Senate.
Late last night, the Senate considered another Omnibus bill, known as the "cromnibus",and an effort by Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) to stand up for the rule of law. I voted in favor of the Cruz point of order to stop the President's executive amnesty for millions of illegal immigrants because I swore an oath to uphold the Constitution.   The point of order failed and then we were forced to consider another of Reid's massive spending bills to keep the government open. I hate that the Senate is run this way, and so do Kansans.   In a matter of days, the Senate will return to a Republican majority, closing the chapter on the Reid Senate. Instead of siding with Nancy Pelosi and Elizabeth Warren and shutting down the government at the holidays, we can instead look forward to the Senate Kansans want, one that can fight amnesty, repeal Obamacare, stop out of control spending, tackle over-regulation and address, head-on, the problems facing our nation.   And why did Nancy Pelosi and Elizabeth Warren vote no on the omnibus? Here are a few things that they could not support:  The bill cuts spending to the IRS following the unlawful targeting of conservative groups and the issuing of performance awards to employees owing back taxes.  The bill also continues the ban on federal funding of abortions.  The bill stops the transfer of terrorists held at GITMO to the mainland U.S.  Other provisions of the bill include: ·         cuts EPA’s budget by $60 million; ·         regulatory relief from Dodd-Frank regulations targeting derivatives; ·         prohibits funding to implement the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty ·         provides flexibility for struggling schools in implementing the new school lunch standards; ·         provides citizens greater ability to exercise their first amendment rights in regards to federal campaigns; ·         tells the EPA to withdraw the interpretive rule for agriculture exemptions under the proposed Clean Water Act restrictions on irrigation ditches and farm ponds (Waters of the U.S.); ·         prohibits EPA from restricting lead content in fishing tackle and ammunition; ·         prevents incandescent light bulb ban; ·         extends Internet Tax Moratorium for 1 year; ·         and it complies with Budget Control Act caps, spending declines in real terms and as a % of GDP.
NA
While I support funding the government, as well as several conservative priorities and provisions important to Alabama in the omnibus, I opposed the overall bill.   The omnibus fails to properly address President Obama’s action to grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants through executive fiat.  I remain firmly opposed to providing amnesty to those who have broken our laws and I stand ready to fight against the President’s executive overreach when Republicans control both the House and the Senate next Congress.
Sen. Sessions made the following comments on the passage of the 'omnibus' spending package a few moments ago:  “In perhaps its final ignominious act, the Reid Senate has ushered a 1,774 page omnibus funding measure through the world’s greatest deliberative body without a single amendment, a single chance for improvement, or a single opportunity for public participation.     “The United States Senate – challenged directly by the President’s unconstitutional immigration order – has laid prostrate and defenseless.  Reid and his caucus have aggressively blocked a vote on my amendment to prohibit funds for the President’s illegal action – a motion that received unanimous Republican support and also five Democrat votes when last offered.  Surely, Congress should not fund an action which violates our laws and imposes new laws we have refused to pass.  “But the Senate has made no attempt to defend itself, the Constitution and the citizens we are supposed to represent.  Once again, Senate Democrats rallied around their leader to serve as the Administration’s imperial guard.  They acted one more time to protect the White House at the expense of their own constituents.  Why can’t Americans get representation in their own Senate?  “President Obama’s order violates the laws Congress has passed in order to force on the nation laws Congress has refused to pass. His order gives work permits, photo ID’s, Social Security, Medicare and free tax credits to illegal immigrants – taking jobs, wages and benefits directly from struggling Americans and lawful immigrants.  “It is not a choice but a duty: the new Senate in January must have no higher priority than to block this amnesty and defend the people who sent us here.  Every American must use the days and weeks ahead to call their lawmakers and ask them simply: who do you represent?”
