NA
Because of the President’s unwillingness to work with Congress to prevent sequestration, these automatic spending cuts will go into effect today, March 1.  While I was hopeful we could reach an agreement that would make more prioritized spending cuts that would address real  waste, fraud, and abuse in federal spending, the truth is Washington has a spending problem and we need to begin to cut the size and scope of the federal government.  Unfortunately, the sequester plan was crafted by the President and, rather that working with Congress to avoid the cuts, he moved the goal posts by asking for yet another tax-hike.    Sequestration was the President’s plan all along.  He and his Cabinet do have some discretion on how these cuts will be implemented, such as whether or not to fill vacant positions or to cancel conferences and non-essential travel.  This week, the Senate voted on a plan to give the President even more flexibility allowing him to target cuts toward inefficient programs, but the President responded with a veto threat against this bill because it didn’t meet his demand for another tax increase to pay for government spending.  While the Senate rejected this proposal, it also rejected a proposal by the majority that not only included tax increases but also actually increased spending.
NA
Are you familiar with the services we can help you with? Need a passport, having an issue with VA benefits or the IRS? We can help. Learn how we can assist you with issues involving a federal agency.
Happy Anniversary Peace Corps! Thank you to the men and women who have served to improve the lives of people around the world and made lasting contributions to developing countries.
NA
NA
We will never be able to replace the precious lives lost from Mother Nature’s destruction, but Hoosiers proved that they will always come together in times of trial to help each other rebuild one day at a time. It’s the Hoosier way and it is something we can all be proud of on this somber anniversary.
My good friend and former colleague Phil Gramm talked about the hard work of governing in a recent Wall Street Journal piece.  Many of us in Congress are ready to make the hard choices that are required to govern and I hope that others will join us.  The challenges facing us from our debt crisis, to excessive regulations to soaring energy prices are too large to ignore.
VIDEO: I said earlier this year that we were going to get VAWA done. Today, we did just that.
Middle class got a 2% pay cut on January 1st as a result of Pres. Obama's payroll tax hike
2.4% reduction in spending after 19% increase during POTUS's first term hardly drastic
Cornyn Response to Keystone Environmental Report:
Cornyn Introduces Bill to Fight Human Trafficking:
Going on the Chad Hasty Show at 9:05 am CT to discuss the sequester, listen in if you can:
Zuckerman: "12.3 million today are fully unemployed (today), compared to 12.8 million in 1933 at the depth of the depression."
Can't find cuts?  How about paying union reps for doing NO govt work?
In response to reports of increased income at mortgage finance agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, Senator Corker, member of the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs committee, today said these profits must be used to repay taxpayers and reform our housing finance system after years of government dominance.  "It's great that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are showing an increase in income, but we need to remember that they are making money because the Fed's relentless mortgage asset purchases, artificially high conforming loan limits, and years of uncertainty over the new rules for private label securitization have completely crowded out private capital and made Fannie or Freddie the only viable execution option for new loans,” said Corker. “So while I am hopeful that taxpayers can quickly be repaid for their investment in the GSEs, any money that these government owned entities make must be allocated solely toward building a more sustainable 21st century system of housing finance that restores the private mortgage market after years of government dominance.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/XLn4yP.
There are currently thousands of pages of federal regulations, many burdensome to America’s job creators, towns and cities, and families. We can better help Americans and businesses by stopping bad rules and regulations before they start.
This week I joined some of my colleagues in introducing a bipartisan Senate resolution to proclaim March 2013 as “Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month.” Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States. More than 135,000 Americans are diagnosed with it each year, and approximately 50,000 people die from it each year. This month serves as an opportunity for provide information about screening for and prevention of this disease.
“A failure in leadership has forced our nation into yet another manufactured fiscal crisis. The so-called sequester is scheduled to go into effect, cutting federal funding across the board rather than targeting wasteful spending. The problem here, of course, is not that we are cutting spending. Nebraskans know that we have to rein in out-of-control government spending – and we will. The concern I have – and that many Nebraskans share – is that these cuts do not carefully target wasteful spending.”    Watch my full reaction to the so-called sequester that went into effect today in this week’s “Note from Washington.”
Happy Statehood Day, fellow Nebraskans! As we celebrate 146 years of the "Good Life," let’s take pride in our past and look forward to our bright future. I'm proud to call the great state of Nebraska home and to represent you in Washington, DC.
This is a major economic announcement for South Carolina as about one in every five jobs is tied – directly or indirectly – to the Port of Charleston. This new Inland Port will dramatically expand the economic ties between the Upstate and Lowcountry, creating greater efficiencies for Upstate businesses getting their goods to market. I commend Jim Newsome and the State Ports Authority for their vision, as this investment will help grow our economy and create jobs. -- U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham
was recognized by the American Conservative Union (ACU) for his conservative voting record.  The group honored him as an ‘ACU Conservative.’ 
 
 “Senator Graham’s ACU rating of ‘92’ for votes cast in 2012 shows a consistent commitment to conservative principles on a wide range of issues,” said  Al Cardenas, Chairman, American Conservative Union.
 
 The Senate, on average, voted the conservative position 39.28 percent of the time in 2012.
 
 Among the conservative votes Graham cast that were part of the group’s 2012 scorecard:
 
 •	Approving construction of the Keystone XL pipeline from Canada.
 •	Increasing domestic energy production through new oil and gas leases throughout the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS).
 •	Opposing the National Labor Relations Board’s union-backed snap elections limiting workers’ rights.
 •	Prohibiting the transfer of terrorist detainees from Guantanamo Bay to the United States. 
 •	Opposing the major expansion of welfare programs under the Obama Administration.
March 1 Our View: Grassley calls  for courtroom  transparency
Unsatisfactory Response from Justice Department on “Too Big to Jail”
In troubling economic times some good news: presObama announces start of US/EU freetradenegotiation/Japan announces joining. Trade=Jobs
Taken for a Ride
Listening to Pres news conf. MrPRES  u think more taxes more spending more jobs. Well govt xpends wealth Wealth created in private sector
Listening to pres Obama news conf.  Yes. Close loop holes to broaden tax base to do tax reform.  Don't close loopholes to spend more,Mr Pres
Why did Pres Obama wait til first day of sequester to seek sequester compromise?  Sequester was WH idea&law since 8/2/11
Sequester Scare Tactics Can't Mask Spending Realities
Senator Joe Manchin III and I introduced the Veterans Small Business Protection Act to help grieving veteran families.  http://1.usa.gov/Z7jUH2
NA
My bill with Sen. Toomey  will help to mitigate the devastating impacts of Obama's sequestration. Unfortunately, President Obama made a veto threat on my bipartisan-supported bill to keep it from passing the Senate. He is unnecessarily putting at risk millions of federal civilian jobs in an attempt to force even more tax increases on hardworking Americans. Tune in here to my interview with KRMG about this topic:   http://www.krmg.com/news/news/local/sequestration-affect-thousands-oklahoma-familys-pa/nWdZ3/
I just finished speaking with KJRH-TV while on a visit to McAlester. We discussed how sequestration could affect MCAAP and the surrounding community. Tune in tonight at 5PM CST.
The federal government spends billions on regulatory enforcement, which then sucks trillions of dollars out of the economy.  We should look at reducing this burden before we start closing national parks.
I enjoyed discussing "Cut This, Not That" with Greta last night.  Americans overwhelmingly recognize that much of the federal government's spending is bloated and wasteful.
This afternoon I spoke at the Walmart Foundation Kansas State Giving Program in Wichita. The foundation awarded more than $275,000 to area nonprofits for their efforts to combat hunger and strengthen the local community.  Public-private partnerships like these help make Kansas communities a great place to live, work and raise a family. Thank you to Walmart for investing in the place we call home.
Today, the U.S. State Department released its draft environmental assessment of the Keystone XL Pipeline, which it found to be environmentally sound. With the release of this draft analysis, the Administration has an opportunity to do something good for the energy security of our country and for job creation. I call upon the President to approve the project, progress through the permitting process, and allow the American workforce to move our country toward greater energy security with the building of the Keystone XL pipeline.
I met with members of American Legion and Disabled American Veterans this week to discuss their priorities in the 113th Congress. I heard their message loud and clear — the claims backlog is getting out of hand and must be resolved so that veterans receive the care they deserve. Another pressing concern is access to physicians in rural communities, and I’ve personally asked the Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki to address this need in Kansas and expect to receive answers soon. I remain committed to assisting veterans and their families, and will not forget what they’ve sacrificed for our nation.
So happy to hear Albert Kookesh has been released from the hospital and is headed home to Angoon.  Rest up, my friend, I know you will be better than new in no time
Congrats to the 144 Alaska Military Youth graduates!  These young people entered a tough program 6 months ago, and today, they are on a path that I know will lead to good things.  Make us proud.
Today is the final day for Alaskans to comment on the U.S. Air Force proposal to transfer the F-16s from Eielson to JBER.  I believe this move would harm Fairbanks' economy, undercut our state's military readiness and overwhelm and already overcrowded Anchorage housing market and fiscally-challenged school system.  If you submit your thoughts on my website today, I will deliver them to the Air Force. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Eielson-Closing-Argument
The Air Force’s plan to more the F-16s from Eielson AFB won’t save money- it’ll cost money.  Instead of wasting cash on a poor plan, why don’t we bring the F-16s home from Germany and base them at Eielson?  The Interior is the perfect strategic location.  This just makes sense.
This makes my blood boil.  All we are asking for is a 10 mile, one lane gravel road that would literally save lives. We are prepared to give the federal government Alaskan land at a 300 to 1 exchange rate just to get this road built in the Aleutians -- which to too many in Washington, DC seems out of sight, out of mind.  It is frankly unacceptable that we are still fighting for this, but I am prepared to fight as long as it takes for the people of King Cove.
Congrats to Kalmbach Feeds on 50 years of business. I toured their plant earlier today and bought some feed for our chickens that I'm putting in my pickup.
Happy birthday, Ohio! 210 years old today. The Ohio General Assembly met for the first time on this day in 1803.
Last night I appeared on Fox Business' Stossel Show with John Stossel to discuss our government's out of control spending.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocn8G40q8ns
Great editorial in the Topeka Capital Journal this morning.   "...The president does not seem to understand that we have a spending problem. He seems to think the only way to lead is by using scare tactics designed to make us believe the sky will fall if we do not increase taxes..."  http://cjonline.com/opinion/2013-02-28/editorial-spending-cuts-should-fall-obama
Summer internship applications are due today! Visit my website to read more and download the application.
 
 http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Internships
NA
NA
Earlier this evening, Sessions announced the implementation of the National Weather Service’s (NWS) upgraded Doppler radar at an event in Mobile:   “This upgraded Doppler radar technology will greatly benefit the people of the Gulf region. It can save lives. The ability to track and detect the effects of impending weather systems will inform the public and give our communities time to react with precise and timely information.”
Sessions issued the following statement on the need to reform the federal government:  "The President speaks of his deep concern for American workers and families, he fails to even submit to Congress his financial plan to help those workers and families… [In fact,] his golf weekend at the yacht club with Tiger Woods cost taxpayers over a million dollars—enough money to save 341 federal workers from furlough… [Federal] workers know firsthand how much waste and inefficiency exists in the government. Our Budget Committee office will look for a way to solicit federal employees to send suggestions for how to save money in their departments, agencies, and divisions. What is better? To furlough someone or to empower them to make their office more efficient?”
Sessions is hosting a press conference right now in Mobile regarding the Doppler radar upgrade which will warn residents of impending severe weather in the region.
NA
Another photo from today's groundbreaking at the Inland Port in Greer. A great step forward for our state's economy.
Great day in the Upstate - excited to be in Greer for the groundbreaking of the South Carolina Inland Port. Look forward to the Inland Port becoming a model for the nation thanks to dedication and teamwork right here in South Carolina.
I am cosponsoring a bill to repeal the employer mandate in the president's health care law.
I agree with United States Senator Mike Lee. There is plenty of waste to cut from the federal government long before we come close to essential services.
I'll be on with Dom Giordano at 9:20 to discuss sequestration. Hope you can tune in:
