Senator Alexander announced that he signed Senator Lisa Murkowski’s (R-Alaska) letter to the to the Secretary of the U.S. Dept. of the Interior, requesting that the department make all offshore oil and gas resources in the Outer Continental Shelf available for oil and gas exploration and development.   “By expanding energy research and development to all areas in the Outer Continental Shelf, we will be able to make more of our own energy resources available to power our economy,” Alexander said. “There is no reason we shouldn’t be using all the resources we have available to increase our energy security, create more jobs at home and reduce our reliance on oil from hostile countries.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=01d3668c-2523-46b2-af31-77fe29852b99
Happy Labor Day!  Let's work to grow the Texas and US economies so more American's can celebrate the dignity, self-respect, and the wages that come from honest work.  For some ideas see cornyn.senate.gov
As we gather with families and friends this Labor Day, remember the American worker and all those who wish to work.  As Calvin Coolidge said in a Labor Day address:  "I cannot think of anything that represents the American people as a  whole so adequately as honest work. We perform different tasks, but the spirit is the same. We are proud of work and ashamed of idleness.  With us there is no task which is menial, no service which is degrading. All work is ennobling and all workers are ennobled."  Today, too many Americans who want work are deprived of that opportunity.  The nominal unemployment rate is 6.2%.  The number of unemployed is 9.7 million.  The number of Americans who want work but have stopped looking is 2.2 million, and the number of discouraged Americans who have given up looking for work is 741,000.  The number of underemployed Americans is 19.4 million.  These are people who are unemployed (9.7 million), want work but have stopped searching for a job (2.2 million), or are working part time because they cannot find full time employment (7.5 million).  The labor force participation rate is 62.9 percent--the lowest level of participation since 1978.  The number of Americans not in the labor force is still over 92 million Americans, as 11,472,000 million Americans have left the workforce since President Obama took office.  These are not mere statistics—these represent real people, real families, people who have had their hopes and dreams crushed by a President and Democrats in Congress whose faith in Progressive politics will not be changed by the facts—their economic policies are a failure.  We can grow our way out of this problem. Ronald Reagan helped us do it in the 1980s and we can to it again now.  If the economy had recovered at the pace of Reagan’s recovery the  economy would be $2.2 trillion larger this year.  It's all because he put his faith in America's workers to make their own decisions that unleashed a new era of prosperity for the nation.  President Obama has done the opposite and because of destructive Obama  policies, the economy has lost $6.4 trillion cumulatively since the recession ended--$20,388 per person.  We owe it to the American people to get the economy going again.  Many look for some silver bullet or innovative policy proposal, but it all goes to one basic question: Whom do you trust more, the government, or the workers?  I trust the workers. The American worker is what has made our nation the envy of the world. American workers create jobs, growth, and opportunities for themselves and the next generation. And, it is the American worker who deserves our confidence, support, and respect once again.
Happy Labor Day to all the hardworking men & women of #Illinois. Thanks for all you do to make our country run.
Robba and I had the chance to visit with U.S. Rep. Kevin Yoder in Louisburg today. Thanks again to Colby Jones for driving Robba and me in the Labor Day parade, and to Ted Halpin for the loan of his classic Oldsmobile convertible for this event. I hope Kansans are all having an enjoyable Labor Day.
I have always been proud that Kansans know the value of a hard day’s work and appreciate the prosperity our state gains from that work ethic. Several communities across the state are celebrating Labor Day today with parades, including Louisburg, where Robba and I spent the morning. Here's a photo of the Color Guard that led off the parade, members of the local American Legion. It was great to see folks and listen to what the residents had on their minds.
Hope everyone is having a wonderful and restful Labor Day!  What are you up to?  I wanted to share a nice/national look at how Alaskans are using our ingenuity and resolve to grow and eat locally despite our state's unique challenges.  We already know it, but now millions more Americans do.
As we mark Labor Day, many fellow Ohioans are having to take two or three jobs to make ends meet. Washington can and should do more to help. Here are some of my proposals for getting America back to work. My latest weekly column:
I was glad to join the Phillips County Farm Bureau for the Annual Meeting in Phillipsburg at the Huck Boyd Center. Huck was a mentor of mine, and it was good to there be among friends old and new discussing issues facing rural America and Kansas agriculture.
Hope you and your family are having a safe and happy Labor Day weekend!
I wish everyone a restful and happy #LaborDay.
