Was honored to be in Nashua yesterday for Honor Flight New England's reunion luncheon and welcome home our World War II heroes, who have taken past honor flights.
Mailbag Monday: Ben in Cabot emailed me recently about the VA claims backlog and asked what is being done to help process claimers quicker.
I've heard from many Arkansans who are concerned about the imprisonment of former Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi after he was arrested seven months ago while crossing the border to Mexico. I’m pleased to see that Sgt. Tahmooressi was released and is back in the United States.
Mike Enzi, Cynthia Lummis and I responded this weekend in the CST about the EPA’s plan to take over state and local waters.This blatant power grab will hurt property owners and small businesses in Wyoming and across the country. The EPA wants Americans to believe that the rule is harmless – and we aren't falling for it. Click here to get the facts about the EPA’s proposal:
Given the increasing risk of terrorist attacks within the United States, these changes are appropriate and a good first step. A full reassessment of cooperative travel agreements, entry procedures and our border security remains necessary to ensure protection of our homeland. I will continue to push my legislation that would examine the Visa Waiver Program and also provide additional tools to address Americans who have joined ISIS and other terror groups.
Our office is partnering with the Tennessee Department of Veterans Affairs (TDVA) to host a veterans outreach event and job fair in Knox County this Wednesday, November 5, from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. ET. The event will be held at the Tennessee National Guard Armory, 3330 Sutherland Avenue, and will feature prospective employers and representatives from the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, Tennessee Department of Labor and Workforce Development, Tennessee Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services, as well as Grantham University, Pellissippi State Community College, Roane State Community College, and the University of Tennessee.   For more information, visit TDVA’s website at http://www.tn.gov/veteran/tdvaevents.shtml, Facebook at www.facebook.com/myTDVA or Twitter at @TNDVA.
Congress shouldn't pass an Internet sales tax. Not in the lame duck. Not ever! #NoNetTax
EPA seeks absolute power to regulate Wyoming water. EPA should withdraw misguided rule.
Windsor Heights Dairy Queen is good place for u kno what
Q&A at UnityPoint at Home Health in Urbandale. 45 employees. Questions about Medicare.
Marking the 125th anniversary of North Dakota’s statehood at the grand opening of the North Dakota Heritage Center and State Museum in Bismarck. It is fitting and timely that on the 125th anniversary of North Dakota’s statehood, we gather to mark the grand opening of our newly expanded Heritage Center. I'm pleased to have worked with the legislature and signed into law as governor, legislation which authorized and funded this expansion of the Heritage Center. It is a vision we had going back to 2001 and now it is a reality. As our state continues to grow and diversify, it is important that we continue to document our story – where we came from, how we arrived here and how we and our ancestors built the great state of North Dakota. By preserving our heritage, we can help our state’s residents, new and old, better remember the lessons of the past and build our future together.
ISIS controls more money, fighters and land than al-Qaeda did on 9/11 and is committing mass atrocities against women, children, and ethnic and religious minorities in the Middle East.  Earlier this week I heard from expert witnesses about the threat ISIS poses to Chicago and the international community.  Read more on my blog:
I partnered with moms from across Illinois and former Chicago Bears player James "Big Cat" Williams to raise awareness about how cyberbullying is hurting our children.  Check out our new PSA:
Today my #battlebuddy Jackson Cunningham climbed all 103 flights in the #WillisTower with RIC. His recovery has been incredible, and I am inspired by every step he takes.   Check out NBC's coverage of the climb today: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNPe7-LHS4&feature=youtu.be
ISIS is both a local and global threat.  Earlier this week I heard from expert witnesses about the danger that ISIS poses to Chicago and the international community.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1DCMNhu
This is Wayne Harvey Bennion with his future wife Reva. He was attending Utah State when WWII broke out and he was drafted.  During his physical they said that he had bow legs and couldn't serve in the infantry so they put him in the medical corps.  He was in California for part of the war working in an office processing wounded soldiers coming home and then he was transferred to Georgia.  He met Reva in Georgia where he finished out his service. #honorutahveterans
Also this morning, 15 Linn County area residents joined me at City Hall in Mound City for a town hall meeting. The important issues discussed included fixing the dysfunction at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Thanks again to the veteran who shared his experiences with the VA – I will convey your story as a case study to the VA Secretary. Other topics included County of Origin labeling rules in the United States, VAWA, health care, the farm bill and the ISIS threat. Thanks to all who attended, including Sen. Caryn Tyson and her father-in-law, former state Sen. Robert Tyson.
This morning I visited a government class at Olathe East High School where we discussed the upcoming elections and the national attention on Kansas this year. The students also asked about my committee assignments and their impact on Kansas. I shared the work I do to support the University of Kansas Medical Center and their National Cancer Institute designation as well as the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility being built at Kansas State University. I always enjoy meeting with high school students because when I was their age, I first discovered an interest in government and history. Thanks to their teacher, Breanna Francis, for the invitation to speak to her students.
I told the #ArcticCircle2014 participants that there are "Two Arctics": the Arctic where investment is bustling and activity is being prioritized, and then other regions like Alaska where our infrastructure is lacking and the United States is falling further behind. There is a path forward for us that benefits America and our indigenous people through attention and directing resources to the north. Cooperation and collaboration can best be done among countries with the same goal and interest level. Here's my speech:
The First Amendment is clear, and its intent is not to keep religious people out of government, but rather to keep government out of religion. I'll continue to stand for religious freedom.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtD2po7SlCY&list=UUeM9I-20oWUs8daIIpsNHoQ
Great day in Charleston! #scenesfromsouthcarolina
I sat down recently in Erie with Millcreek Township Supervisor John Groh to discuss issues facing Pennsylvanians like Alzheimer's research, #vets healthcare and job training, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and how we can better protect our students in the classroom. Thanks for hosting me!
Right now, 99 senators cannot fully represent their states. I want to reopen the Senate and restore it to the deliberative body it was intended to be. Read more here: http://bit.ly/1t6Zmvj
Congratulations Imani Johnson -- promoted to field representative based in my Philadelphia office.
Wicker Report | The fall of the Berlin Wall remains one of the most iconic moments of the 20th century.  For nearly 30 years, the wall represented the great divide between communism and democracy.  On Nov. 9, 1989, the announcement that East Germans could travel to West Germany set into motion the wall’s demolition.  By 1991, the Soviet Union had collapsed, and the Cold War was over.
