Check out Wild Side TV’s feature “Trout in Trouble?” on the Dale Hollow and Erwin fish hatcheries that Sen. Alexander has fought to keep open. These fish hatcheries, which are threatened to be closed, are vital to keeping trout in Tennessee streams. As Sen. Alexander says, “If you catch a trout in Tennessee, there’s a pretty good chance it comes from Dale Hollow, and Erwin produces brook stock for fish across the country.”  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRJ1KWa8UeQ&feature=youtu.be
This week a member of my staff will visit Switzerland, Orange, Monroe, and Dubois counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Wednesday, November 5  Vevay 10:00am-12:00pm Switzerland County Public Library, 205 Ferry St.  Paoli 12:00pm-1:00pm  Orange County Complex, 205 E. Main St.   Thursday, November 6  Bloomington  8:00am-10:00am Bloomington City Hall, 401 N. Morton St.  Jasper  12:00pm-1:00pm Jasper City Hall, 610 Main St.
Election Day. Have you voted?
Libraries play an important role in our communities as a warehouse of knowledge, helping people remember the past and prepare for the future. I had a wonderful time speaking to the Chief Officers of State Library Agencies’ Annual Meeting in Jackson on October 22. Check out more of my Wyoming Works Tour here: http://bit.ly/1pi9OFA #WyoWorks
Visiting Performance Oil Tools/Wyoming Arms in Cody, I was able to see how these companies use state of the art machines to create specialized products right in Wyoming. While Performance Oil Tools manufactures important parts for the oil industry, Wyoming Arms crafts customized advanced sporting rifles. Thanks to Jeff Leisy, Tom Buckner and John Burns for the tour on October 21. #WyoWorks
In America, we enjoy a peaceful transfer of power because we understand and respect that the American people have spoken, regardless of our views or the election’s results.  I believe that America’s greatest asset is its people, and the success of our democracy depends on the American people going to the polls to cast their vote.  It is an opportunity for you to voice your views on the direction of our nation and to play a role in determining our future.  Today, our country faces many challenges that require our attention. How our government chooses to address them will depend on who the American voters determine are best suited for the job.  Undoubtedly, the decisions that will be made will carry implications for this and future generations.  I encourage all eligible voters—regardless of your party or your perspective—to go to the polls and cast your vote during these midterm elections. It is a great opportunity to participate in the civic discourse and have your priorities better represented not only in Washington, but at all levels of government.  http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/op-eds?ID=45438b53-7dde-4a5b-8237-14865d6e1ca2
As a part of National American Indian Heritage Month, I'd like to highlight today five facts about the Choctaw Tribe in Oklahoma:  -The Code Talkers were American Indians that used their native languages as military code. During World War I (WWI), the Choctaw language was used as code, and according to tribal documents there were 19 Choctaw Code Talkers during WWI, all born in the Choctaw nation which is now southeastern Oklahoma.  -One of the 19 Code Talkers was Joseph Oklahombi, who is known as “Oklahoma’s Greatest Hero” of the first World War. Oklahombi is also Oklahoma’s most decorated hero. Oklahombi was in the Thirty-sixth Infantry Division's Company D, First Battalion, 141st Regiment, Seventy-first Brigade during World War I who was not only a translator, but also helped defend St. Etienne territory.  -The word "Oklahoma" is derived from the Choctaw language.  -The color blue prominent in our state flag is associated with the color blue in the Choctaw flag during the Civil War.  -Pushmataha county is named for Choctaw warrior-diplomat Chief Pushamataha who is buried in the Congressional Cemetery in DC.  #NationalAmericanIndianMonth
With the help of the Chicago Innovation Exchange and countless mentors throughout Chicagoland, I am working with Chicago State University to help more local businesses and entrepreneurs thrive.  Read more on my blog about my Entrepreneurial Idol competition and find out who won:
Studies have found that kids who are bullied are more likely to commit suicide than their peers. Learn more about what you can do to help stop cyberbullying:
Providing every child access to a safe, first-rate public education remains one of my top priorities.  That's why I partnered with students from across Illinois to remind teens to "think before you tweet."  Check out the PSA that we filmed:
The health of our republic depends on an active citizenry that participates in the political process.  I hope you all find time to vote in today's election and make your voice heard.
Just voted with Cindy McCain in Phoenix! Don't forget to go to the polls today and cast your ballot!
I continued my listening tour this morning with a Labette County town hall in the community building in Altamont. Our discussion included how changes to the Senate rules are not beneficial to Kansans and rural America. Thanks to all the residents who turned out on Election Day to share your thoughts and concerns about the direction of our country.
At lunchtime yesterday I stopped at the Town Hall Building in Frontenac to host a meeting with Crawford County residents. We discussed a number of issues including the need for Critical Access Hospitals, immigration reform, federal transportation funding, EPA proposed regulation on navigable waters and overregulation of community banks. Thanks to all the Kansans who attended including State Representative Adam Lusker, former Senator Jim Barone and former Reps. Bob Grant and Ed McKechnie.
This afternoon I had the opportunity to tour the construction site for Pittsburg State University’s Bicknell Family Center for the Arts. When complete, the $33 million facility will serve as one of the Midwest’s premiere venues for music, theater, art exhibits and lectures. The generosity of lead donor Gene Bicknell, his wife, Rita, and their family is making an indelible mark on PSU and will help transform the future of the region. It speaks volumes that the Bicknell family long wished to remain anonymous in order to keep the focus on the true purpose of the project: academics, community and culture. Thank you to the Bicknell family and the more than 600 donors who have joined them in supporting the future of PSU. After 30 years on the drawing board, you have helped the new Center for the Arts at Pittsburg State become a reality.  It is an amazingly impressive performing arts center and the "Wow!" I said aloud as I drove down the street and saw it for the first time was truly an understatement. Thanks to President Steve Scott for showing the new Arts Center to me and, more importantly, for his tremendous leadership on this accomplishment. The ribbon cutting is scheduled for December 7.
I love this story about how a unit up at Fort Wainwright is making the most out of national Warrior Care Month, to push forward the healing process for our soldiers. Alaskans appreciate your service.
Welcome back to the Airmen from Pennsylvania Air National Guard's 201st RED HORSE after a successful 8-month deployment to Afghanistan & Southwest Asia.
Alzheimer's is a tragic illness that robs its victims of one of their life's greatest possessions - their memories. Working together, I am confident we can end it. You can learn more and get involved through the Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter and the Alzheimer's Association, Delaware Valley Chapter and learn more about my efforts here: http://1.usa.gov/1wuys6B #ENDALZ
