Senator Ayotte received confirmation from the Pentagon that in addition to reducing the cost of living adjustment for military retirees (including those medically retired due to injuries), the budget agreement that Congress passed last month would also reduce the COLA for Survivor Benefit Plans (SBP) (often for military widows), as well as Concurrent Retired and Disability Pay (CRDP) and Combat-Related Special Compensation (CRSC).
NA
I’m very concerned about the reports surrounding the plane that landed at the wrong airport in Southwest Missouri last night. I’ve landed at this airport before, and it’s tough to navigate in small planes – let alone an aircraft this size. People have every right to assume that they will arrive at their correct destination. As a member of the Senate Commerce Committee, I will insist that federal regulators do a thorough investigation to find out exactly what happened.
Families across North Carolina and our country have already received cancellation notices from their health insurers, and more bad news is coming—a second wave of cancellation notices are expected to hit millions more this year.     At this rate, we have more cancellations of health care coverage than sign-ups to #Obamacare. #brokenpromises
If you missed our discussion on Arkansas Week you can watch it here.
Signing up for our newsletters is easy. Go to our homepage www.boozman.senate.gov and enter your email. Here is what we sent last week.
I will be on FOX News "America's Newsroom" with Bill Hemmer at 9:25 am ET (7:25 am MT) to discuss Iran sanctions.
While I support ensuring the safety of our water and food supplies, we must also ensure that any new food safety measure reasonably address the problem without burdening producers and crippling production.  For this reason, I was pleased to learn that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) took a welcome step in announcing it would revise provisions of its proposed fresh produce rules that have raised much concern for Idaho’s producers and farms across the nation.  This proposed rule for growing, harvesting, packing and holding fresh produce has among its requirements, weekly testing of all agricultural water at a cost of $35 to $40 per week.  The FDA estimates that the cost of implementing that rule would cost a producer approximately $5,000 to $30,600 per farm, depending on size, with a total industry cost of $460 million.
Cornyn, Brady Op-ed: The Federal Reserve Needs a 100-Year Checkup:
If Obamacare has Capitol Hill staff worried, how should the American people feel? #MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
To be fair, "stuff-burger” might be one of the nicer things I've said about the "if you like your plan you can keep your plan" lie. #MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
Thrilled to welcome Paul Teller as our new deputy chief of staff.  Paul’s many years of experience working in Congress and his tireless work to advance conservative principles make him a tremendous addition to our team. I look forward to working with him to keep making Texans’ voices heard in Washington and to promote a positive policy agenda that will restore economic growth, rein in government overreach, and protect Americans’ personal liberties.
If you think Obamacare is bad (and it is), it's about to get worse. #FullRepeal
Only in Washington can you offer a solution that rights a wrong against our veterans and closes a tax loophole and have it flat out rejected by those running the Senate.
Last fall millions of Americans received health plan cancellation notices in the mail because of Obamacare. Now experts are predicting the coverage of millions of other hardworking Americans employed by small businesses could also be in jeopardy. "Like" if you agree it's time to repeal and replace this flawed law with patient centered solutions.
NA
In Duncan earlier today promoting stronger business ties between South Carolina and Germany.
NA
Thanks to the North Dakota National Guard's 188th for showing me their mission this morning. The skies over our nation’s capital are in good hands with the 188th. They’re doing a tremendous job, working around the clock to ensure that Washington, DC is safe. North Dakota is well represented by these men and women and we are extremely grateful for their service.
ICYMI: This past weekend, I appeared on Fox News Sunday and discussed the resurgence of al-Qaeda in Iraq and how the United States can be assisting to defeat the enemy without putting boots on the ground. We also discussed the strong evidence of terrorist connections in the 9/11 Benghazi attack. If you missed it, you can tune in here: http://youtu.be/kMN5htKgTcc
New York Post: 'Congress should live by the same rules it sets for the rest of America'
Be sure to check out my op-ed in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: A just lawsuit over Obamacare
With 1 week to go until the P5+1 nuclear agreement with #Iran, The White House must release the text of the agreement for all to review.
After attending the NLRB v. Noel Canning oral arguments today, I believe #SCOTUS  will find that president Obama's controversial recess appointments were unconstitutional.
Had a great time on Friday at my townhall meeting in Osborne. More than 65 people of all ages showed up to talk about ways to reduce federal spending, growing the economy and reducing unemployment, the farm bill, school lunch programs and more. It was nice having a group of Osborne high school seniors and their government class teacher Melissa Nech join. Thanks to the old friends who attended, others who introduced themselves and all who shared their opinions and suggestions.
Must-Read: http://m.nationalreview.com/corner/368047/study-extending-unemployment-benefits-increased-unemployment-more-3-percentage-points?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter
The next wave of cancellations, small-group plans.....When do these folks get a waiver?
Senator Rubio: Florida’s Abysmal ObamaCare Numbers Raise Likelihood Of Taxpayer Bailout: http://1.usa.gov/1gBUuL0  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio issued the following statement regarding today’s release of ObamaCare enrollment numbers that show only 21 percent of Floridians who have selected a plan so far comprise the 18-34 age group that administration officials have deemed crucial for the law’s survival:   “Because of ObamaCare, Floridians have lost insurance plans they were happy with, getting worse coverage, paying more for it, and now they’re on the hook as taxpayers for ObamaCare’s eventual failure. By any of these measures, ObamaCare is a failure.   “If not enough people sign up for ObamaCare, insurers will lose money and taxpayers will make up the difference. If not enough young and healthy people sign up, as is currently the case, taxpayers will have to pay even more.   “These enrollment numbers show that neither enough total people nor enough young people are signing up for ObamaCare, and it’s increasing the risk to taxpayers of bailing out health insurance companies. Congress should take the bailout option off the table right away by approving a bill I’ve introduced repealing this part of ObamaCare.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Sebelius, Congress Should Take ObamaCare Bailout Off The Table: http://1.usa.gov/1axoUxt  Rubio: "Now that health insurance companies have begun filing key disclosure documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), we see clear evidence that we’re heading for an ObamaCare bailout."
Great discussion at the Brookland-Lakeview Empowerment Center in West Columbia on our Opportunity Agenda today.
Stepping up efforts to protect religious minorities abroad. Religious freedom is a natural right. It belongs to all.
"To put this in perspective, there has not been a single month during the current recovery in which the private sector has posted a payroll jobs gain greater than the equivalent average gain during the Reagan recovery."
 
 http://1.usa.gov/1iIYoTP
Wicker Report | Encouraging more certainty and confidence among job creators would be a crucial step toward reviving the economy and keeping U.S. business competitive in the year ahead.  Congress should focus on policies that empower Americans – not the government – to fuel economic growth, while working to remove the negative effects of the President’s health-care law and curbing regulatory overreach.
