LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that Obamacare's "burdensome mandates on employers" will lead to an "Unhappy New Year for tens of thousands of Tennesseans" who count on their employer for health insurance:  “During 2014, many of the burdensome Obamacare mandates on businesses that the Obama administration delayed will be in full force. We've already seen how the president’s broken promise that ‘If you like your health insurance, you can keep it’ was an unwelcome Christmas present for 82,000 Tennesseans buying insurance on their own. Now, since nearly 13 times as many Tennesseans receive health insurance on the job, Obamacare threatens to bring an Unhappy New Year for tens of thousands more Tennesseans." http://1.usa.gov/1eosmJS
More of the same from the self-proclaimed "most transparent WH in history"
The year's most annoying words?
It's the final day of 2013. Are you making any New Year's resolutions for 2014?
Farm bill conferees shld know if same provisions R N both House &Senate bills, it shldn’t B touched-like actively engaged DO NOT TOUCH STAMP
Year in Review – Nov. 13: Protecting schoolchildren. Share your own stories using #My2013. 
 
 View more: http://bit.ly/my-2013
This last year has been a great year on social media.  I started the year with 15,000 followers on Twitter, and early this morning I surpassed the 100,000 follower mark.  My followers on Facebook have grown from 8,570 to 157,492.  As you read through this list of my most popular tweets from 2013, you will see the reason for this explosive growth.  We have all been engaged in a robust debate about the future of our country.  You will find a list of issues where we have come together to #MakeDCListen, and I believe we are making a difference.  I hope you will take the time to read this post, and if you are on Twitter, you can retweet your favorites.  I also encourage you to continue to engage in this dialogue, invite your friends and family to participate, and let's make 2014 a year where ignoring the American people is no longer an option for the ruling class in Washington, DC.
It was good to round out the year in WaKeeney this morning on another Kansas Listening Tour stop. Forty folks from around the area turned out to share concerns and give feedback on health care, the farm bill, education, new voting rules in the Senate and wind energy.
This week, I joined U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and 40 other U.S. Senate Colleagues in calling on U.S. Department of Labor Secretary Tom Perez who oversees the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) to stop its unlawful regulation of family farms.  Since 1976, Congress has exempted small, family-run farms from OSHA regulations, but in a 2011 memo OSHA asserted that on-farm grain storage and handling was not part of farm operations. The memo essentially expanded OSHA’s regulatory scope to nearly every farm in the country without going through the established rule making process that allows Congressional review and public comment, in defiance of the law.  This is not the first time this administration has proved that Washington’s values are not rural America’s values through regulatory over-reach into the family farm. I am committed to working with my colleagues to protect the individual rights of farmers and make certain OSHA does not continue to misinterpret the law.
As 2013 comes to close, I think of the blessings of family & friends but the missed opportunities in Washington to address our nation's problems.
