Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released the following statement on Wednesday regarding Syria:   "In reflecting on the president's speech and the many briefings I have received on Syria, despite my best attempts to discern it, I am left with the conclusion that the administration's strategy on Syria is incoherent and inconsistent. While I believe we have important strategic interests in the region, I could not at this time support committing U.S. military force in Syria in the absence of a well thought out strategy and plan to achieve definable military objectives that are consistent with our national security interests and those of our allies."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlErE4vSoTQ&feature=c4-overview&list=UUe_jD6bQuBwAo4CxwUm_ztw
NA
Exemptions from bad policy shouldn’t be given only to a chosen few, but to all. That’s why Congress needs to pass our bill that gives everyone the Obamacare waiver that the President is seeking for his allies. Read about it by following the link below.
Under Obamacare, people aren’t just losing their insurance—it's affecting their jobs and it's affecting their paychecks.
Over the past nine months, we've welcomed four new members to our team.
Hoosiers help me give you a voice in Washington by sharing your story with me
NA
NA
News Release: During the month of August, I was able to engage with many of you on the issues Congress must deal with this fall.  Since those travels, a great deal has developed in the foreign policy arena, with regard to Syria. Moreover, on the domestic front, the October 1 deadline for Congress to take action on the soon expiring continuing resolution (CR) and the farm bill is rapidly approaching.  I want to continue this discussion with a tele-townhall next Wednesday evening, September 18.  Click below to read more and to learn how to participate.
Karen, a member of my staff in Coeur d’Alene, attended yesterday’s #Sept11 ceremony. #idpol #neverforget
I oppose as conflicting with the First Amendment a "media shield law" that would allow the federal government to classify who is a "legitimate" journalist and who is not, like bloggers.
PHOTO: U.S. Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) met with Mexico Ambassador Medina Mora today to discuss the concerns over Mexico’s failure to meet the targets for water deliveries required under the 1944 Treaty, which govern water-sharing of the Rio Grande:
Cornyn, Colleagues Introduce New Bill To Support Victims of Fort Hood Shooting:
Corpus Caller-Times: Cornyn Announces Opposition to Military Action in Syria:
Putin is a big part of the problem in Syria, not the solution
Union leaders are right. Obamacare does need "fixing." A "fix" for EVERYONE in the form of a #FullRepeal.
FACT: In no small part thanks to Obamacare's complexity, as few as 5% of eligible employers have claimed the law's small business tax credit. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
I joined efforts this week to stop the Obama Administration from offering labor unions an exemption from Obamacare. The president likes to hand out exemptions to his friends, but not to the American people. Instead of exemptions from this train wreck, let’s get rid of this bad law. I’m working with Senators Lee and Cruz to defund the law and others to fully repeal it. I’m also supporting 15 other bills that would start dismantling this awful law a piece at a time. Click the link below to read more about the labor union exemptions and our efforts to stop them.
Calling all Wyoming students who are juniors in high school with at least a 3.0 grade point average: Interested in learning firsthand how the U.S. Senate works? Then apply for the spring session of the U.S. Senate page program. You’ll live in Washington, D.C. and be a part of your nation’s history! Deadline is November 6. Click on the link to learn how to apply.
I would love to respond to President Putin in the Russian media. Of course his 'Independent Judiciary’ will put you in jail if you publish it.
“This measure is structured as a joint resolution, putting both the House and the Senate on record that the Keystone XL pipeline project is in the national interest. If Congress can find it in the national interest using the abundance of favorable information that has accumulated over five years on the project, then surely the president can too. Add recent events in Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East to Congress’ support, and it is clear that the United States should seize the opportunity to band with its closest neighbor and ally, Canada, to ensure true North American energy independence. What could be more in the national interest?”
On Sept. 11, we hosted the North Dakota National Guard 1st Battalion, 188th Air Defense Artillery Regimen at a reception in the Russell Senate Office Building. In April, the 188th deployed to the nation’s capital in support of Operation Noble Eagle and serves as part of the integrated air defense system designed to protect the airspace around the National Capitol Region. The NDNG is the best in the nation and we are grateful for their service.
NA
Our bill unlocks the full potential of #Illinois river system turning the Mississippi River into an export drag strip for our state 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=news&id=861
Senator Bob Corker and Mark Warner's GSE reform bill will protect taxpayers from bailouts and fix housing finance.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=808
Thanks to all the people from #Illinois & Senator Dick Durbin for the Birthday wishes at our constituent coffee this morning.
NA
The president has not convinced Americans that the Syrian civil war represents a vital national security threat to the United States.  Neither has he adequately explained how the U.S. would achieve the limited objectives his plan seeks to accomplish.  According to the administration, even after the limited military action, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would continue to have access to the chemical weapon stockpile and the ability to carry out further attacks.  My greatest concern remains the likelihood that the proposed strike would leave Assad in power with access to these weapons and lead our country further into war.  The better path for the president would be to continue to work with our allies to secure Syria’s chemical weapons and ensure they do not proliferate throughout the region.
McConnell on Obamacare: What Kentuckians & Americans really need: a full repeal of this job-killing mess of a law. Watch full speech below:
In case you missed my interview with KCMO Talk Radio's Greg Knapp this morning, listen to our discussion about Syria and Obamacare via the link below.
Many of you, like me, are still concerned about Syria, and rightly so.  Last night, I shared my thoughts on the situation with KTUU in Anchorage.
I'm so glad my office was able to help the Last Frontier Honor Flight get its tax-exempt status paperwork processed. Now 25 of Alaska's WWII vets will fly to Washington, DC to visit the memorials built in their honor - at no cost to them.  Time was of the essence on this one, as the veterans range in age from 87 to 94 years old.  I know this will be a trip of a lifetime for them!  http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=197e2c0a-d2f5-41dc-ae40-93fd38819131
If you are visiting the Kansas State Fair this weekend don't forget to stop by my booth in the Meadowlark building and see the team from my Wichita office. They do great work on behalf of Kansas.
New video: Will Sebelius meet with SeaWorld's ObamaCare victims tomorrow? Watch: http://youtu.be/ccasDgu6kqE Read More: http://1.usa.gov/18TFTpF
WATCH: Shelby Talks Syria, Russia with NowThis News
 
 Earlier this week, U.S. Senator Richard Shelby (R-Ala.) spoke out in opposition to intervening in Syria’s civil war. Today Shelby sat down with NowThis News to further explain why he is skeptical of Russia’s latest move. 
 
 http://www.nowthisnews.com/news/sen-shelby-syria/
Sen. Sessions released the following statement after cosponsoring Sen. Cruz's Defund Obamacare Act of 2013:  “I have supported and will continue to support efforts to repeal, delay, defund, and block this unaffordable and invasive law. Obamacare will not only make health care less affordable but will reduce the quality of health care and patient choice, increase unemployment, and surge the nation’s debt. The Defund Obamacare Act is the latest effort to protect American families from this unwise government takeover.”
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions op-ed today in The Hill:   "We have heard repeatedly from House leadership that the Senate bill is 'dead on arrival' and that, instead, the House will pursue a comprehensive proposal in smaller chunks. Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), certain business groups, and anti-enforcement advocates have all expressed optimism about the House’s approach. Presumably, this is because they believe the House’s individual bills will be melded into the Gang of Eight’s proposal (either in conference or closed-door negotiations) to form a new comprehensive bill.   The House must disavow the Senate bill completely and offer it no hope of reprieve, reprisal, or resurrection. Instead, the House must refocus the immigration debate on the rights, needs, and concerns of U.S. citizens. By promoting the constitutional rule of law, rising wages, and economic assimilation, the House can ensure a better tomorrow for all U.S. citizens — immigrant and native-born alike."
NA
September 12, 2013
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, greets senior citizens at today's Senior Citizens Expo presented by State Senator John Yudichak, Senator David G. Argall and PA State Rep. Doyle Heffley. Several hundred residents visited the expo in Jim Thorpe, Carbon County today.
My Johnstown regional manager, John Frick, and Tom Squashic, plant manager of Jennmar in Cresson, Pa. Jennmar manufactures bolts, channels, and resins to help ensure safer conditions in coal mines. They employ 200 people at their Cresson plant. They're also concerned about the future of their business amidst President Obama’s War on Coal.
Here's my GoErie.com | Erie Times-News op-ed on the critical role the Battle of Lake Erie played in the War of 1812 - and the lessons it still holds for us today:
War on Coal update: EPA estimates that this rule would increase the cost of electricity from coal-fired power plants by as much as 80 percent. This would hurt thousands of Pennsylvanians involved in the mining industry, seriously harm our business climate, and raise our household utility costs.    http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323864604579069550916021262.html?mod=WSJ_hp_LEFTWhatsNewsCollection
I have joined Senator Ted Cruz in calling for a joint select committee to investigate Benghazi. The families of those who died on 9/11/12 deserve answers.
I believe the government ought to support competition and allow the free market to produce the best energy-efficient buildings at the lowest costs. They must also support the use of domestically produced materials such as sustainable wood and green technologies.
