Senator Alexander made remarks Tuesday at the funeral service of Senator Howard Baker in Huntsville, Tenn., where two bald eagles were part of the ceremony. Alexander called Baker an “eloquent listener” and a “great conciliator,” and told stories demonstrating the former Senate Majority Leader’s courage and love of Tennessee.   “Howard Baker knew how to make the Senate work. He understood that the Senate’s unique role as a place for extended debate and amendment on important issues until there is a consensus… How fortunate we were to know, to be inspired by, and to learn from Tennessee’s favorite son and one of our country’s finest leaders, Howard Baker.”   http://www.commercialappeal.com/news/2014/jul/01/howard-baker-of-tennessee-remembered-for-the/
No child should be subjected to violence. I’m glad the Senate passed the Victims of Child Abuse Act, and I’m urging my House colleagues to do the same so we can continue to help protect children in Missouri and nationwide from abuse. #VOCAA 
I spent the day in northwest Arkansas yesterday at meetings about growth with the NWA Council and the NWA Regional Planning Commission, capped off with a ceremony marking the opening of the Fayetteville Flyover. One of the themes throughout the meetings was infrastructure needs for the rapidly growing region and the ceremony was a reminder that sensible infrastructure investments save money in the long-term, create immediate jobs and produce decades of economic opportunity for communities. Linked below is a column I recently wrote on the need to reform Highway Trust Fund, which is key to long lasting growth and development, and an issue we need to address when Congress returns to Washington for a month-long stretch next week.
Encouraging to visit the Family Hope Center and see the great work Buckner International is doing in S. TX.
Just as those brave men did 238 years ago, let us affirm our commitment to a government defined by consent of the people—a transformative concept that launched America into becoming the greatest force for freedom the world has ever seen.  On this Fourth of July raise up your American flags high and wave them proudly. The spirit of our star-spangled banner makes us who we are. That spirit keeps us strong, safe, and free.
The "Affordable" Care Act strikes again: "New York Healthcare Premiums Are About To Explode" #FullRepeal
Diana and I are looking forward to spending tomorrow with family and friends at the Campbell County Centennial celebration. Happy Independence Day from our family to yours.
Maybe next #July4th, the U.S. Department of State will settle for a Costco run. #primecuts
Q&A w West Branch Lions Club 39 ppl Topics-Immigration, college loans, energy, farm bill, mental health, Obamacare, EPA regs
“While identifying cost savings are crucial to ensuring the long-term sustainability of the Postal Service, it makes no sense to close facilities in rapidly growing parts of the country, like Minot and western North Dakota. The Postal Service needs to consider North Dakota’s strong economic and population growth not only now but in the future when making a decision on the Minot facility.”
“In speaking with Secretary Vilsack, I made it clear that this rule could have far-reaching and detrimental effects on farmers and ranchers, as well as other businesses. Our farmers and ranchers are very concerned that the EPA is trying to step in and make land-use decision for them. We’re working to eliminate the proposed Waters of the U.S. regulation as it is clearly bureaucratic overreach."
It appears at this time the Department of Defense has randomly decided to enforce a decades-old agreement with the EPA that will end a vital program supporting our rural fire departments in Oklahoma. I am working with my colleagues in the Senate to send a letter to Sec. Hagel demanding a detailed explanation as to his decision. Today, I also reached out to the EPA for clarification on their interpretation of this very old rule. Many of our small fire departments depend on this program to have the proper equipment to respond and care for their local communities. I am working to get answers from the Obama Administration and to bring about a quick resolution that supports our rural and volunteer fire departments in Oklahoma. http://newsok.com/ban-on-defense-department-vehicle-sales-to-affect-oklahomas-rural-fire-departments/article/4984973
There are several reports of how Health and Human Services (HHS) has handled the situation of housing up to 1,400 unaccompanied alien children (UAC) at Fort Sill. In working to provide oversight over the past month and after visiting the children two weeks ago, my greatest concern has been that the Obama Administration has failed to provide information in a timely manner, and the information I and others involved have received is many times inconsistent depending on which government agency is providing it. As I told the Washington Free Beacon yesterday, no one seems to know exactly what is going on at any time, which has made it very difficult for Members of Congress to do our job to provide needed oversight of the Administration's decision to turn our military base into a housing complex for UACs.   http://freebeacon.com/issues/congressman-denied-access-to-facility-housing-illegal-immigrant-children/
How are you celebrating #4thofJuly? Share a photo on Instagram w/ #ILJULY4: http://instagram.com/senatorkirk
The #SAVE Act would stop sites like Backpage from selling underage sex.  Learn more: http://kirk.senate.gov/notforsale #NotForSale
On the 50th anniversary of the #CivilRightsAct1964, we remember leaders like Illinois Senator Everett Dirksen who fought for equality & equal rights for all.
No regulation without representation! #DitchTheRule
Today I hosted another Kansas Listening Tour stop at Norton County Hospital. Nearly 40 area residents joined me to share feedback on a number of issues facing our country including VA, immigration and overregulation. Thanks to Norton County Hospital CEO Rich Miller for helping to coordinate the meeting.
Today, the head of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI) stepped down. I have repeatedly called for the release of OMI reports on their investigations into wrongdoing at VA facilities. The fact is, many of the same VA facilities and cases receiving attention have already been investigated and the claims have been substantiated in years past – yet we do not know what action has been taken because the OMI reports are not made public. The release of past and future OMI reports will allow Americans, the press, Congress and veterans to see what the VA knew, when they knew it and what they did about it.
Here's a The Pratt Tribune article on my efforts to make certain veterans taking part in the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) program don't have a lapse in health care.  The ARCH pilot program has been operating since 2011 at five rural pilot sites, including Pratt, Kansas, and allows veterans to access health care services from community providers if they reside at least one hour from a VA medical center or Community Based Outpatient Clinic. Despite the overwhelming satisfaction of veterans who utilize ARCH, the VHA has begun shutting down the program, restricting veterans from the services they have come to rely upon and directing them back to VA facilities. I am seeking Secretary Gibson’s leadership to stop VHA’s plans to dismantle ARCH and make certain that veterans who are currently receiving medical services through ARCH will continue to receive that care.
Last night was a Norman Rockwell kind of evening in Clay Center — I’ve been joining neighbors, friends and community leaders for many years to celebrate Independence Day on North 5th Street. Each year the celebration also includes a grand march around the block. Thanks to Judge Ruth Brown for the invitation, and to Vern and Susie Swanson for hosting.
I traveled to Clay Center yesterday to visit and tour the Clay County Medical Center (CCMC). CCMC is a Critical Access Hospital (CAH) that provides a broad range of health care services to patients in Clay County and the surrounding area. CCMC also sponsors a Medicare-licensed hospice program called Meadowlark Hospice.   My discussion with CCMC administrators and staff covered various topics including unreasonable physician supervision regulations threatening hospitals’ ability to provide routine outpatient therapy services to patients, and the Administration’s proposals to cut Medicare reimbursements to CAHs and eliminate Kansas hospitals from the CAH program. When federal policies fail to take into account the realities of providing care in rural communities, we risk losing access to important health care services provided by Kansas hospitals and other health care providers. I will continue to advocate for regulatory flexibility for rural hospitals and other health providers to deliver the care that is essential to Kansas communities. Thanks to CCMC Director of Planning and Development Marcia Newell for hosting my visit.
What a great event for the day before July 4th: Today at Kincaid Chalet, 55 men and women from 29 different countries were sworn in as Americans at a naturalization ceremony in Anchorage.
What a great way to commemorate the Fourth of July this weekend: the Honor Flag is in Anchorage, and Alaskans can see and hold it for the first time tonight at the Anchorage Hilton before it is part of the 4th of July Parade tomorrow.
So thrilled and proud to be together with the descendants of Walter Harper as we name the NPS Talkeetna Ranger Station after him -- 101 years after he became the first man to summit Denali.  I was proud to introduce and pass legislation to make today happen: http://www.energy.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/6/sen-murkowski-marks-century-anniversary-passes-bill-honoring-first-athabascan-climber-to-summit-denali
Linked below is Sen. Sessions new op-ed on immigration in the National Review.  Here is an excerpt: "There is no doubt that the president’s lawlessness has now produced a humanitarian crisis. But — and much too little discussed — is the crisis he has produced for the American citizens and communities…On this July Fourth, it is time to focus squarely on the needs of the American people who have given their blood and sweat to deliver us this magnificent Republic…"
I am continuing to press for answers from the VA for South Carolina's veterans.  Here's an update: http://youtu.be/WJjdf9JWIiY
