Enjoyed taking part in Veterans Day events in Plaistow, Manchester, and Nashua over the weekend.
President Obama’s call for internet regulation hurts innovation, job growth, and is bad for consumers. Instead of circumventing Congress in favor of action by the executive branch, the president should listen to the American people who just spoke on November 4th and demanded that the Administration work with Congress to enact policies that will get our country back on track.
Happy 239th birthday, United States Marine Corps. Thank you to all who serve for your courage and service to our country. #USMC239
We live in a world where we no longer have to wait for the morning edition of the paper to read the latest news. We don’t have to wait for a delivery from the postman to get a message from a loved one. We don’t have to get in our car and head to a store to get a movie to watch or to shop for clothes, books and groceries. We have the ability to do these from the comfort of our homes thanks to the Internet.  These changes have come about, not through government fiat, but as a result of a hands-off policy that has allowed innovation to thrive. The ideas that the President is pushing will dramatically alter that dynamic at the expense of the consumer. His approach will stifle innovation, investment and ultimately lead to job losses in an industry that should be creating the next generation of career opportunities. Instead of relying on outdated laws to increase federal regulations and stifle job creation, Washington should focus on a pro-innovation agenda that promotes economic growth.
What does Veterans Day mean to you? Listen to what this important day means to me.
The Internet and mobile technology are important to our lives, economy and ability to share information. Rather than encourage this vital and growing economic sector, President Obama’s proposal will stifle innovation and flies in the face of repeated legal decisions. Using an 80-year old law to regulate the Internet as a utility is the wrong approach, and I urge the FCC to reject the president’s proposal.
Happy 239th Birthday to our U.S. Marine Corps. Semper Fi.   "Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world. But the Marines don't have that problem." - President Ronald Reagan, 1985.
As Yogi Berra once said, “It's like deja-vu, all over again.”
ICYMI: I joined Senators Jeff Sessions (R-Alabama) and Ted Cruz (R-Texas) to call on Senate leadership to immediately consider legislation to prevent the President’s foreseeable attempt to circumvent Congress to implement sweeping immigration reforms through the use of Executive Order.  Any reforms to our immigration laws must be the product of a full, transparent debate in the halls of Congress, not imposed through Administrative dictate.  No individual should gain any advantage or benefit toward citizenship or legal permanent resident status because of illegal entry into the United States, and I am deeply concerned about the President’s intentions to selectively enforce our immigration system to achieve his desired policy agenda.  To learn more about this action, click here:http://goo.gl/fZYR8L
My OpEd in this morning's Dallas Morning News: Time to Take Human Trafficking Seriously
The biggest regulatory threat to the Internet is "net neutrality."  In short, net neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet. It puts the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service, and what types of products and services can be delivered, leading to fewer choices, fewer opportunities, and higher prices for consumers.   The Internet should not operate at the speed of government
President Ronald Reagan put it best! Happy 239th birthday to the United States Marine Corps!
Western Wyoming Community College is playing a vital role in working with businesses to help provide the skills needed to fill important jobs around the state. While visiting the campus in Rock Springs on October 23, I was impressed by WWCC’s advanced training facilities, from its fully-operational closed-loop oil well training center to the new 7,500-square-foot workforce training center. #WyoWorks
Founded over 100 years ago in Rock Springs, John Bunning Transfer Co., Inc is a proud Wyoming company with over 160 employees and 75 trucks. Thanks to Chris Bunning, Dave Bunning, Kimberly Reeves, Derek Dudinsky and Andy Fletcher for the tour on October 24, along with talking to me about the important issues facing their business. #WyoWorks
Senator and Mrs. Grassley received the Rob Borsellino Community Service Award at the Beth El Jacob Synagogue 10th Annual Awards Dinner and Gala in Des Moines on Sunday night. The Grassleys were honored for their dedication to Jewish freedom, support of the state of Israel and worldwide Jewry. More information can be found here: http://www.betheljacob.org/index.php/support-us/10th-annual-awards-dinner-gala
Iowa Cong-elect Young will make Guiness Book Of Records bc he is only candidate in history to finish 5th in primary and still be elected
NA
NA
Bracken Walter ES Elementary School is an exemplary part of Nevada's education system, utilizing innovative strategies that prepare our youth for a bright future. The school had a feature video done on it. Last year, it was named as a prestigious Blue Ribbon School in Clark County.   Check out the video for yourself.
Hosted a roundtable in Fargo today to update agriculture producers on BNSF effort to improve shipping and upgrade rail infrastructure in our state.
“We have been pushing BNSF to make the kinds of capital investments necessary to serve North Dakota’s growing and dynamic economy. That’s why we asked Chairman Rose to return to North Dakota to make sure our producers stay informed about what BNSF is doing to improve service in our market, not only now but into the future.”
“Overly burdensome regulations are hampering our economy and hurting our businesses. A prime example is the EPA’s proposed Waters of the U.S. rule, which would heavily burden farms, ranches, small businesses, energy production and commercial development across North Dakota. This rule would expand the EPA’s regulatory authority to everything from small wetlands to ditches and it needs to be stopped. We’re working to do it now and will make it a high priority in the new Congress.”
On this date 239 years ago the Continental Congress approved a resolution that established the U.S. Marine Corps, a force that could fight for American Independence both at sea and on shore. Since its inception, the United States Marine Corps has tirelessly carried out the missions asked of it, from its first assault on the British Fort Nassau to the mission it continues to carry out against terrorism in the Middle East. Happy Birthday, Marines. Semper Fi.
We love our Green Bay Packers - what an awesome first half! #GoPackGo
Here is a photo of Boyd Dee Smith and his Wife "Iggy,” submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Tim Smith. The photo was submitted with this caption: “My father’s brother, Boyd Dee Smith, went to sea on the USS Dorado, as a Radio Technician.  The Dorado, we believe, was sunk by friendly fire off the coast of Florida.  The USS Dorado has not been found to this day.”
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Sherry Burton. This is a photo of her husband, Ralph Burton, while serving in Vietnam. The photo was submitted with this caption: "My husband Ralph Burton served in the Army from 1966-68.  He was in Vietnam as a convoy driver at a helicopter air base on a 13 month tour which included the 68 Tet Offensive where he spent two weeks in a bunker." Thank you for your service and for fighting to protect our great country.
Happy 239th birthday to the United States Marine Corps. I have the deepest respect for those who have served this nation to protect its people & principles. Semper Fi.
Today I visited Flint Hills Breadbasket to meet with Executive Director Maribeth Kieffer and learn more about their mission of minimizing hunger and poverty in the Manhattan area as a community food network. As co-chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus, I understand that hunger is so often an invisible tragedy. For 32 years, the Flint Hills Breadbasket has been collecting and distributing food with the help of many volunteers and churches to make certain no one in the community goes hungry. I learned that many of the individuals receiving food are actively trying to find employment and working to change their lives.   The organization is preparing for a busy holiday season, which will kick off with the annual Thanksgiving Basket program and the Annual Community Thanksgiving Dinner. Last year, volunteers made and distributed more than 200 Thanksgiving baskets to food-insecure families. Thanks again to the entire team at the Breadbasket for the great work you do helping individuals and families in need.
In case you missed it, I encourage you to watch tonight's 60 Minutes Segment on the Department of Veterans Affairs and its new secretary Bob McDonald. He recognizes that scandals at VA facilities across the country—including manipulation of veteran waitlists and appointments—represent how internal VA dysfunction impacts access to and quality of health care.   Secretary McDonald is working to hold individuals accountable, personally recruit doctors and nurses, streamline the convoluted website, make certain that new patients will see a doctor within 30 days and that no one will wait for their benefits. Our nation’s veterans should be treated like patriots, deserving of care from a grateful nation—not made to feel like a burden. I will continue to work so that Kansas veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice.
To get everyone in the Veterans Day spirit a day early, I wanted to share this really neat story that the Alaska press picked up on today. It’s amazing how the power of social media helped reconnect a WWII dog tag found in Nome to its owner’s family in Michigan!
The Obama administration puts its own special spin on the Taylor Swift hit "Shake it Off:" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaD5_XJl0AY
For a generation, Democrats stood up against Republican presidents who they deemed to be too eager to go to war—or too ready to put troops in harm’s way without the full consent of the American people through their elected representatives in Congress. Where have those Democratic protectors of the constitutional authority of Congress gone?  http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/11/10/obama-s-isis-war-is-illegal.html
A very happy birthday to my fellow U.S. Marines. Semper Fi.
Rubio Comments On President Obama’s Net Neutrality Announcement: http://1.usa.gov/1uXoqfQ  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, issued the following statement today regarding President Obama’s call for increased Internet regulation:   “The Internet is one of the greatest economic stories in all of history, one whose openness has given people unprecedented opportunities to innovate and create jobs. President Obama’s announced support for more government regulation of the Internet threatens to restrict Internet growth and increase costs on Internet users. Furthermore, applying heavy-handed Title II classification to Internet service sends the wrong message to international stakeholders that look to the United States for leadership in Internet governance, and undermines our support for an open Internet, free of government intervention.    “Instead of reclassifying Internet service under Title II of the Telecommunications Act, the FCC should allow Congress to update this law. I believe it should be a top priority of the new Congress to provide clarity on the FCC’s role in the modern communications landscape.”
NA
Read more about President Obama's claim that ObamaCare has reduced health-care inflation 'every single year' since it was passed: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/wp/2014/11/06/obamas-claim-that-obamacare-has-reduced-health-care-inflation-every-single-year-since-it-was-passed/
NA
I welcome reports that Secretary McDonald plans to reorganize the Department of Veterans Affairs for greater effectiveness and that he is considering action against hundreds of employees who "violated our values."  Our veterans should be first in line for the best health care as well as the other benefits they have earned.   I look forward to learning more about the VA Secretary’s plans and hope they will get the job done.
Great exchange with Sen. Casey about the need to get things done in Washington.  Thank you to the Committee of Seventy for hosting us.
NA
President Obama’s net neutrality plan would create uncertainty, discourage investment and innovation, and threaten the online experience that Americans rely on and enjoy. His regulatory proposal would undoubtedly be tied up in the court system for the foreseeable future. It is my hope that Chairman Wheeler will instead pursue a solution that follows the law and does not disrupt economic growth and job creation. We must work to keep the Internet free and open for everyone.
Attention college students: The deadline for spring internships in my Mississippi and DC offices is Nov. 15.  Apply now!
Wicker Report | Americans celebrate Veterans Day in many ways – from participating in community parades and patriotic tributes to saying a simple word of thanks to a service member. The right to cast a ballot on Election Day this month was just one reminder of how precious our freedom is and the importance of preserving it. On Veterans Day, we honor those who have risen to the challenge by serving in our armed services.
