Today’s disappointing jobs report shows a slowdown in hiring and that many Americans have stopped searching for work. This is another crucial reminder that defunding ObamaCare and boosting American Energy are the shortest path to creating economic certainty and increasing job growth.
In case you missed it, I sat down with Craig Cannon at KHOG 40/29 to talk about my concerns with the President's request to attack Syria. The Senate will be debating this proposal when we resume next week. So far I have not been convinced that President Obama's approach is the only way to address Bashir Assad's brutality. I continue to evaluate the President's case and the language of the Senate resolution, but remain opposed to military action at this point. Follow the link below to watch the interview.
September is Hunger Action Month. To fight hunger we are encouraging families to make healthy eating decisions. We joined the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alliance for a Cooking Matters at the Store tour at a Little Rock grocery store to see how families are learning the tools they need to put healthy and affordable meals on the table.
My thoughts on Syria and the President's lack of a strategy in the region.
Senator Coats speaks with Hoosiers at the Beef House in Covington.
Senator Coats hosted a roundtable discussion at Saint Mary-of-the-Woods College to hear from residents, business leaders and local officials in the Terre Haute area.
NA
NA
Senator Crapo spent the month of August traveling around Idaho visiting with constituents and local groups.
So what happened the 1st-10th times Assad crossed this red line? "Kerry ... said US intelligence can prove Assad has used chemical weapons at least 11 times... ."
Enjoyed a good lunch at Schoepf’s BBQ in Belton
Fox Rio 2: Sen. Cornyn Talks Balance Between Border Trade, Security [VIDEO]
CW39: Harris County Officials Campaign to Help Combat Sex Trafficking:
KSAT: Sen. Cornyn visits Eagle Ford Shale [VIDEO]
Monitor: Cornyn, Cuellar Talk Border Issues in Mission:
President Barack Obama will address the American people on Syria from the White House on Tuesday, he announced Friday.
Hard to believe I was there: "Richard Nixon was the first sitting POTUS to visit present-day Russia, traveling to Moscow in '72."
Still waiting for POTUS to make the case to the American people for military intervention in Syria
FACT: Even the union for IRS employees — who are tasked with enforcing Obamacare — wants to avoid the exchanges created under the law.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
We should decrease unemployment by promoting policies that encourage growth — not by driving Americans out of the workforce:
Speaking with Amarillo small business owners about how Obamacare is making it harder for their businesses to expand and create jobs. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
I'm not a pundit, I'm a senator. I back up what I say with actions, with votes and decisions. Therefore I am carefully studying the proposals for authorizing the President to engage in military action in Syria. I am reviewing the findings of Senate committees and the case the Administration is making, but so far, I haven’t seen any reason to enter a war and risk American lives when there is no clearly defined national security interest and allies have not been cultivated.
Congress is gearing up for a busy month and there are several major issues before the Senate including Syria, ObamaCare’s official implementation, and the debt ceiling. Read my thoughts on these issues in my weekly note from Washington.
Q&A today with Prof Ruud's Comms ethics class at UNI/28 students –Qs about Syria, ethics, process 4 determining votes, immigration
Enjoyed breakfast and discussing UNI and the future with President Ruud 2day at 8AM.
Today's #jobs report shows far too many Americans are discouraged and have unfortunately stopped looking for work. Nevadans deserve better.
During my recent town halls, it was clear that my constituents had many questions and concerns about military intervention in #Syria.  This week my office has received numerous phone calls, emails, and letters about this issue, and 1.7% of those contacting my office support military intervention.  An astounding 98.3% of my constituents that are reaching out to me do not want to see the U.S. military involved in the Syrian conflict.
The President's War on Coal is a War on Kentucky Jobs. The Friends of Coal-Kentucky Family Coal Rally was a great event in Western Kentucky. Kentucky Coal Association. 
Just a reminder that today is my office's application deadline for possible nomination to a Service Academy for the class entering in the summer of 2014. These include the U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy and U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.  We've already received 62 applications. Our country is fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country through the Armed Forces.
This morning I visited the Washburn Institute of Technology in Topeka, a nationally recognized innovator in career and technical education. I enjoyed visiting with faculty and students and learned about how the school serves both adult and high school students with career and industry specific training in construction, health care, human services, technology and transportation. Thanks to Dean Clark Coco for the informative tour.
It's a beautiful morning in Kansas as the sun rises over the Flint Hills. It's also a special day for our family - our veterinarian-to-be daughter turns 23, and Robba gets recognized by being inducted into her High School Hall of Fame for her accomplishments in music, teaching and education.
Little Diomede is one of the most remote communities in our state - closer to Russia than it is Alaska’s mainland.  Here, things are put into perspective.  The price of living, feeding and taking care of your family and making it through the winter are what’s important on this island.  I thank everyone on Little Diomede for their hospitality when I visited them and got to hear their concerns, and I thank the Coast Guard for letting me hitch a ride.
I have been getting a number of questions on this page about why I am still in Alaska given what is happening in Syria.  Quite simply, I think it is incredibly important to talk to Alaskans, both about Syria and the other issues facing our state and our nation.  I've been closely watching the Syria situation unfold and am headed back to DC this weekend to participate in this important debate in Congress next week.  Until then, I will continue to travel across our state and talk to as many Alaskans as I can.
This morning I am heading out to UAF's Toolik Field Station 375 miles north of Fairbanks.  Toolik is on the cutting edge of Arctic research where they are studying the effects of wildfires on the tundra, how insects and animals live in the Arctic, and working to gain a greater understanding of challenges and opportunities in the Arctic.  Their work is so important, especially as the United States takes on a greater role in the global Arctic discussions.
I am so glad we made it to Little Diomede today to talk with residents there about some of their concerns.  The Coast Guard crew and I were well prepared for Go Orange Day too as we got ready to fly from Kotzebue to Diomede!
By every measure, war with Syria is not good for America. What’s good for the Syrian rebels, Mr. Kerry, is not necessarily good for America. What’s good for this president politically is not necessarily good for America.  Read my entire op-ed here:http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/sep/5/rand-paul-no-explanation-for-a-questionable-interv/
The enemy of my enemy is not always my friend.  Here's a must-read from The Telegraph: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/10289944/Syria-crisis-al-Qaeda-seizes-village-that-still-speaks-the-ancient-language-of-Christ.html
While the numbers say unemployment rate dips again to a 4 year low, that was only because 312,000 discouraged middle class Americans stopped looking for work. Again this proves the President’s policies, especially #ObamaCare, continue to make it harder for small businesses to hire new workers.
 
 Source: http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2013/09/06/august-employment-report/2772875/
Great to be at the Wichita Chamber Congressional Summit with my friends and colleagues Lynn Jenkins (@replynnjenkins) Kevin Yoder (@repkevinyoder) and Tim Huelskamp (@conghuelskamp)
Photos from Sen. Sessions' visit to Wellborn Cabinet, Inc. in Clay County yesterday:
I sat down with NBC10 Philadelphia's Steve Highsmith, host of NBC10's @Issue, to share my concerns on Syria, ObamaCare and budgetary issues. The interview will run Sunday at 11:30 a.m. I hope you'll tune in.
My condolences to the friends and family of State Rep. Dick Hess who passed away this morning.
Happy Friday, Pa. Going on with Sunbury Newsradio 1070 WKOK's  Mark Lawrence in just a few. Hope you can tune in:
