Saying "I don't know" when it is ones job to know is hardly confidence-building, suggesting incompetence.  "Should have known" is the appropriate standard, unless of course you did know and are prevaricating.
Right now, America's sons, daughters, brothers, sisters, husbands & wives continue to risk their lives to keep us safe from the forces of evil.
 
 On this Armed Forces Day, we should not forget the sacrifices of these great patriots and their families.  The title of greatest generation of Americans belongs to each generation that stands on the wall in defense of liberty.
I always enjoy visiting with friends at the annual Aiken Electric Co-op meeting.
Nixon used IRS to intimidate political foes. One of his impeachment articles. People in this administration ought study history What works??
In '98 I served on IRS restructuring  Commission  Intimidation of IRS toward small business Same thing only now directed to political groups
We need to stop funding PLO as long as their schools teach hatred toward Israel
Congress! Don't b fooled by CBO projected decline in deficit All bc of capital gains taken last yr bc of'13 tax increase Same thing as 1986
US has no foreign policy. We shld remember what happened th last time we had no foreign policy. It was Sept 1939 Hitler started WWII Poland
MrSeib Wall st Journal left 1 important statistic out of his Tues article that Senate slowing judge approval: #approved187 defeated2
To the men and women of the Armed Forces, on this Armed Forces Day of 2013 I join all Oklahomans and Americans throughout the world to thank you and your families for your dedication to ensure the safety and security of the United States and our allies. Your sacrifice and selflessness will not be forgotten as we commit to support you as you return home from overseas, transition into civilian life, or continue your service to carry out the mission.
On this Armed Forces Day, I am grateful for the men and women in uniform who sacrifice to keep our nation free. In the words of President Harry Truman who proclaimed the our country's first Armed Forces Day in 1949: "America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand."
I want to applaud all the energetic folks who did the Fairbanks Heart Walk in the snow today. But even though the weather is foul they have the benefit of welcoming so many waterfowl and other birds into the interior. A birders delight! I went to observe one of the East Coast rituals of spring this morning - the Preakness. Its raining here too.
My Ketchikan staffer Sonia braved the rain for National Bike to Work Day- I am told it was a long and wet 15 miles.  I know the rain/snow across the state today kept some off 2 wheels.  How about you?  Did you Bike to Work today?
It’s Wear Your Life Jacket to Work Day, and although there’s a snowstorm outside, my Anchorage staff is ready for boating season!  A big Thank You to Joseph McCullough from the State of Alaska Office of Boating Safety for stopping by to teach my staff about all the different types of life jackets out there to keep Alaskans safe on the water.
Looking forward to joining ABC's This Week tomorrow to discuss the serious IRS reports and other troubling news from the last few weeks.
At Stepping Stones' 50th Anniversary Picnic Celebration in Cincinnati talking about the important role the organization has had in the community and in my family.
Reminder: We have a hearing next week as part of an investigation into improper IRS treatment of 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) organizations. If you feel that you or your organization have been wrongly treated, please email us your story to Constituent_Feedback@portman.senate.gov.
Need your input for Senate investigation into IRS targeting of nonprofit organizations.
Today on Armed Forces Day, my thoughts are with the hundreds of Pennsylvanian's deployed overseas in harm's way.
