Wishing you and your loved ones a happy, blessed Easter!
Wishing everyone a happy Easter.
Good Easter Sunday Morning—a day to celebrate the resurrection of Christ! Happy Easter to you and your family!
Bravo Senator Rubio
Happy Easter to you and yours
Truly saddening to see a young person suffer such a tragic injury. Thoughts and prayers are with Kevin Ware for a full and speedy recovery.
From my family to yours, wishing you a blessed and happy Easter!
"And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus. And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments: And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto them, Why seek ye the living among the dead? He is not here, but is risen..." Luke 24 - Happy Easter to you and your loved ones.
I hope you are enjoying the day with family and friends. A blessed Easter to all.
Sharon and I would like to wish a Happy Easter to all who are celebrating today.  May you all have a peaceful and joyous day with your loved ones.
I hope you and your family have an enjoyable and meaningful Easter. I am spending the day with family in Manhattan, where we joined the congregation of First Presbyterian Church. The Easter season is an important time to remember the sacrifices being made by so many Kansas serving abroad and all members of our Armed Forces. Their service is helping to protect the freedoms we enjoy in the United States, and I hope you will keep our service men and women and their families in your thoughts and prayers this Easter.
Last night was another exciting win for the ninth-seeded Wichita State Men's Basketball Team over second-seeded Ohio State. I'm looking forward to seeing the Shockers head to their first Final Four since 1965.
Praying for everyone involved.  Such a tragedy.
As Jane and I take time today to celebrate Easter with our family and friends, I want to wish you and your family the very best. We should all be grateful for God’s blessing.
Wishing everyone and thier families a very Happy Easter!
Congratulations to Wichita State! On the way to the Final Four. Keep it up and I think we'll be singing One Shining Moment in Kansas!
To all those celebrating, Kris and I wish a happy and blessed Easter.
