Senator Ayotte's staff will hold monthly office hours tomorrow, Tuesday, August 12, in Dover from 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM at the following location to assist Strafford County residents with federal matters:  Dover City Hall Second Floor 288 Central Avenue
I join all Missourians in remembering the family of Michael Brown and the Ferguson community as they grieve the tragic loss of this young man. His recent high school graduation should have been a beginning of better things.   Everyone deserves a transparent understanding of what happened here. I am fully supportive of County Executive Charlie Dooley and St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar calling for DOJ and the FBI to take a careful, open review of the events that led to this tragedy for everyone involved. 
Our farm tour is off to a good start. Learning about water quality research being done at Maus Discovery Farm in Atkins.
NA
Proud to present Vietnam veteran Ronald Wilke of Boise with a long-overdue Purple Heart. #idpol
Joined Senator Risch and Representative Labrador to present some outstanding Idaho students with @theaward gold medal. #idpol
WSJ: $90 million The sum the Israeli military estimates Hamas spent on the construction of 32 tunnels between Gaza and Israel, uncovered during the latest conflict.
To live his life in his own way, to call his house his castle, to enjoy the fruits of his own labour, to educate his children as his conscience directs, to save for their prosperity after his death --- these are wishes deeply ingrained in civilised man. Their realization is almost as necessary to our virtues as to our happiness. From their total frustration disastrous results both moral and psychological might follow." -- C. S. Lewis (1898-1963), British novelist Source: Willing Slaves of the Welfare State, first published in The Observer on July 20, 1958 http://liberty-tree.ca/research/willing_slaves_of_the_welfare_state http://quotes.liberty-tree.ca/quote_blog/C..S..Lewis.Quote.21B6 
Senator Corker is partnering with Google this month to host “Tennessee Get Your Business Online” events to help Tennessee small businesses grow their presence online.    At events in Jackson on August 13, and Nashville on August 15, Google experts will help small business owners create a free website, and those in attendance will receive the following:   - Customized domain name - Free web hosting for one year - Local business listing on Google  - Additional tools, training and resources    Both events are free and open to all Tennesseans.   To register for the Jackson event, click here: http://bit.ly/1sQF8sL.  To register for the Nashville event, click here: http://bit.ly/1kWPQhE.   The events will be the second and third in a series of "Tennessee Get Your Business Online" events organized by Senator Corker’s office and Google. In May, more than one hundred Tennessee small business owners attended a "Tennessee Get Your Business Online" event in Chattanooga.  Businesses unable to attend the events can still create a free website and access relevant resources by visiting www.TennesseeGetOnline.com.
Mr. President, bring Pastor Saeed Abedini home. #SaveSaeed
#WeAreN and we stand in solidarity with the persecuted Iraqi Christians: bit.ly/1sGJoeh  SHARE if you do too!
At home in Arizona doing Jury Duty. Wondering how many people will answer when they call "Flake"
I'll be holding some more constituent listening sessions on Wednesday, August 13th. The first is located in Gordon at The Coffee Nook at 9:45 MST. The second is in Rushville located at the Rushville American Legion 11:45 MST. I hope to see you there!  For more information including addresses and future listening session dates, visit my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=535034f0-ace4-4d1c-96e3-59f7e0d92b51 
Yet another speech today from President Obama without a strategy or vision to protect the homeland against an increasingly lethal ISIS threat.    ISIS has repeatedly expressed its intent to kill Americans and they are gaining increased capability.  President Obama should make it clear – ISIS is not just a threat to the Middle East, it is very much a threat to the American people and the homeland.
I talked w Dan Looker Successful Farming at farm abt crops on Grassley farm see iview at http://t.co/Cp81zv9DPf
“North Dakota is a dynamic, growing state and that means agriculture and other freight shipments have grown commensurately. We need to sit down like this to discuss what steps are and can be taken to eliminate backlogs and get agriculture shipments on schedule for producers, especially with the fall harvest fast approaching. We appreciate Canadian Pacific CEO and Director Hunter Harrison visiting North Dakota to meet directly with our producers regarding ongoing concerns about shipping agriculture products by rail.”
"Our veterans and their families have sacrificed much defending and protecting our nation. We need to do all we can to show our appreciation for their service. This federal grant will help provide much needed housing options for veterans and their families in need.”  
With their social security number prominently displayed on the front of their Medicare cards, Illinois seniors are at a high risk of becoming a victim of identity fraud. I want our seniors to have the same level of identification security as our servicemen and women.   Read about my solution: http://1.usa.gov/1B9w4Ee
This weekend I celebrated the proud culture of Korean Americans at the 19th annual Chicago Korean Festival. Honored to advocate for Divided Family members like Chahee Stanfield who haven't seen family in N. Korea in 60+ years.
Had a great time visiting the both the Haines and Baranof Island Brewing Companies. Not only are these small businesses empowering the local economy, they also boost community pride.
Hosted an employee townhall at Assurex in Mason this morning. Impressed by their work to help treat veterans experiencing Post-Tramatic Stress.
Another great town hall in Troy. It's great to see so many friends in the Northeast corner of the state, and it's great to have so many allies fighting along side me to stop Obamacare, roll back the crushing tidal wave of regulations and get this country back on track.
Thrilled to have such a large and engaged crowd for our town hall  in Atchison today. Good talk about the need to stop the Obama-Reid agenda and return Kansas commonsense conservative values to the Senate.
NA
Wicker Report | Like many Americans, I am deeply troubled by the crisis along our country’s southwest border. Since October of last year, more than 50,000 unaccompanied minors have been intercepted while trying to enter the United States illegally, overwhelming U.S. immigration services and facilities. One report indicates that an estimated 90,000 children will attempt to cross the border this year.
