Throw-Back Thursday: Sen. Alexander catches up with Kameron Myers of Franklin, Tenn., at this week’s Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast. In July of 2011, Myers and Susanna Johnson of Murfreesboro, Tenn., performed at Tennessee Tuesday, and Sen. Alexander congratulated them on their selection for the National Symphony Orchestra National Trustees’ Summer Music Institute, saying: “I hope their love of music – one of Tennessee’s great treasures that unifies our state like almost nothing else – continues and that they keep looking for ways to bless other lives with their great talent.” #TBT http://1.usa.gov/1aLyfzL
ICYMI: Check out Melissa Attias’ article in “CQ Roll Call” about the letter Sen. Alexander and other Senate and House Republicans wrote pressing the White House to release data it has collected on health insurance premiums in 34 states, after the administration released a report last week highlighting premium information under Obamacare’s federal exchanges in just 11 states.  Attias writes, “In a letter to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, seven GOP committee leaders expressed concern that individuals, families and small businesses will not have sufficient time to plan for premium increases that the Republicans say can be expected in 2014 because of the overhaul. ‘These negotiations have been conducted behind closed doors, without assurances that a fair process has been observed or that the negotiations will result in better insurance products for consumers,’ the leaders wrote. With open enrollment in the exchanges scheduled to begin Oct. 1, the Republicans maintained that delaying the availability of premium information until September ‘will only serve to limit the amount of time individuals and families have to budget for the substantially higher insurance costs many will face.’ They also expressed concern about how higher premiums could affect small businesses and pushed for releasing the rates to give them time to prepare.” http://bit.ly/13ElEwd
Sens. Alexander and Corker meet with Claire Schneider of Memphis, Tenn., at this week’s Tennessee Tuesday, a constituent breakfast held every week the Senate is in session.
Senator Ayotte joined Senator Claire McCaskill, Senator Jon Tester, and a group of retired female service members this morning to discuss critical reforms aimed at stopping military sexual assault.
NA
NA
In the wake of the egregious IRS targeting scandal, I introduced a bill to empower Americans and stop government abuse.
President Obama needs to stay focused on private sector job creation. Watch my conversation with Bill Hemmer on Fox News this morning discussing the president’s latest jobs pivot.
I’ll be on Fox & Friends this morning at 8:40am with Senator Manchin -- we will be discussing the passage of the Student Loan bill.   Be sure to tune in.
We're a co-host of the Senate Hunger Caucus. Today we discussed the importance of agriculture development and food security to solve global hunger during a Feed the Future progress report event. While we have a lot of work to do we're making great progress on this front.
Inspectors General play a valuable role in the oversight of government efficiency and effectiveness. That's why I authored legislation that would require the nomination of a person to each Inspector General position within 210 days of a vacancy, or the authority to fill the job would be transferred to Congress.
We're joining Alice Stewart in about 15 minutes. You can listen live at the link below.
NA
NA
The enormous data collection initiative being undertaken by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a serious cause of concern for me, and should be for those Americans whose financial and credit data is sent to the bureau each and every single month.  Last month, I requested the non-partisan Government Accountability Office to review the Bureau’s data collection practices, and they have agreed to investigate.
For several weeks, I have heard from numerous young people across Idaho concerned about the interest rate hike on student loans.  Last night, Senator Jim Risch and I supported the bipartisan Student Loan bill to bring interest rates back down to 3.86 percent from 6.8 percent.  This Student Loan measure will make it less expensive for students to plan for college and it links rates to the financial markets.  I would prefer to return to the private sector handling student loans to reduce government bureaucracy, but action was needed and we were able to reach agreement on a bipartisan solution to help Idaho’s young people.
George and Barbara Bush have given so much to the State of Maine.
Voter ID in Texas is FREE!
Do you agree with Eric Holder that voter ID discriminates against legal voters?  US Supreme Court doesn't.
Phoney scandals?: Benghazi, Fast & Furious, IRS, $17 T debt, soaring unemployment, train wreck health care plan, etc., etc.
VIDEO: Cornyn Responds to AG Holder Targeting Texas Voting Laws:
Bloomberg: Top Democrats Demand Tax Increase in Challenge for Baucus:
USA Today: GOP lawmakers want to block federal bailout for Detroit:
TPM: Cornyn Slams DoJ 'Bullying' of Texas Over Voting Laws:
SAEN: Holder takes aim at Texas in challenge to voting rights case:
PHOTO: Great meeting with Mayor Richard Garcia of Edinburg, TX:
"This decision has nothing to do with protecting voting rights and everything to do with advancing a partisan political agenda."
“Texans should not – and will not – stand for the continued bullying of our state by the Obama Administration.”
Cornyn Responds to Justice Announcement on Texas Voting Laws:
The Hill: Cornyn pushes amendment barring Detroit bailout:
Cornyn Announces Amendment to Bar Taxpayer Bailout for Detroit:
PHOTO: Great speaking to the TX delegation of Christians United for Israel yesterday:
My op-ed in Roll Call: Keeping the IRS Out of Your Health Care:
Jay Leno: “The Obama Administration admitted this week that under Obamacare you might not be able to keep your doctor. First, the President guaranteed you would be able to keep your doctor. Now, they’re saying you might be able to keep your doctor. In fact, today, the President was forced to change his slogan from ‘Yes We Can’ to ‘Perhaps We Could Try. We can’t promise anything.’”
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is holding a hearing today at 10:30 a.m. ET on the crisis in Egypt.  Watch a live stream here: http://1.usa.gov/14LNZCZ
Today, I joined United States Senator Mike Lee in sending a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stating that we will not support any continuing resolution that funds even one penny for Obamacare.   SHARE the news and co-sign the letter if you agree we must Defund Obamacare now: http://1.usa.gov/13HUt3H
Attorney General Holder's recent announcement is just the latest example of his politicization of the Department of Justice. Holder's refusal to accept the judgment of the U.S. Supreme Court regarding preclearance continues the Department's longstanding pattern of refusing to follow the law.  Likewise, Holder continues to attack voter ID laws, even though the Supreme Court has concluded that voter ID laws are supported by multiple interests that are "unquestionably relevant to the State's interest in protecting the integrity and reliability of the electoral process."
Unfortunately, the Defund Obamacare discussion with United States Senator Mike Lee and Senator Marco Rubio on the Senate floor has been postponed, but you can still show your support.
 
 SHARE if you agree we must Defund Obamacare Now!
Will join United States Senator Mike Lee and Senator Marco Rubio on the Senate floor around 11 am CT for a discussion on defunding Obamacare now.   Share the news and watch at the link below:
Tax reform should not be used to increase taxes on American families and job creators. That is why today I joined Senate Republican leadership and Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee in sending a letter to the panel’s chairman and ranking member stating that any comprehensive tax reform legislation should be revenue neutral. America faces long-term fiscal challenges due to the projected growth of entitlement spending, not a lack of tax revenue. Click below to read the letter.
The Senate is gearing up for a big debate on tax reform. Here are my goals and priorities.
Instead of promoting a regulatory regime that will raise energy prices, kill jobs, and hurt our economy, the president should be putting forth energy proposals that face reality. Read my take on his proposed climate change plan and its  impact on Nebraska families and businesses in this week's column.
Enjoyed meeting with Nebraska student senators from American Legion Girls and Boys Nation today.
Great discussion on ag education and the farm bill with Nebraska FFA President Spencer Hartman and Secretary Bryce Doeschot.
Congrats to the Norfolk Area Chamber for being named US Chamber of the Year in Oklahoma City yesterday! Well-deserved recognition for a committed group of Nebraskans working together to support our businesses and grow a wonderful community. #ProudNebraskan
If you weren’t worried about the federal government bailing out municipalities like Detroit -- now you should be.  Today my amendment to prohibit the federal government from bailing out municipalities which are facing bankruptcy failed by a vote of 14-16.  The failure of my amendment is a very disturbing signal. All Americans should keep a close eye on where the Obama Administration and Congress are heading in terms of bailouts for cities like Detroit.
I intro. bill this week 2protect ID of farmers after EPA released 80000 names&addresses Need more common sense atEPA. Sen Donnelly cosponsor
4groups of young people I had meetings w this morn: GirlsNation BoysNation FFA  and BoyScouts glad to hv Q&A
Asking celebrities to promote #Obamacare reminds me of the tactics used in the ‘50s and ‘60s glamorizing tobacco products.  Video: http://bit.ly/167DwR7
Congratulations Spc. Nathaniel Hill! #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Enjoyed speaking this afternoon with Raymond Salata, Christian Anheluk, Haley Lund, and Harshita Gaba.  These talented high school students are representing North Dakota during this year’s Boys and Girls State.
Had a good conversation today with North Dakota’s FFA state officers Mikayla Young and Charles Steinberger who are visiting Washington, D.C. this week to participate the 85th National FFA Convention.
The BUILD Act makes a good program even better. I look forward to seeing the bill through committee and signed into law so that we continue to see buildings restored and communities revitalized. Read my opening statement from the EPW hearing here: http://1.usa.gov/12ngJBx
I want to call attention to Iranian human rights case #NasrinSotoudeh, whose sole crime is being a human rights lawyer: 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=823
 
 Please share and comment below
I am proud to sponsor the Meridian International Center's U.S. Congress - Korean National Assembly Youth Exchange Program, which fosters better understanding between our nations. I met with this year's participants during their week as Congressional interns.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=824
Thank you to the Hispanic Access Foundation, the #Belarusian exchange students with American Civics Center and all our #Illinois friends who joined Senator Durbin and me for coffee this morning. Check out the photos featured below.
NA
Add your name to the letter that several of my colleagues and I have sent to Senator Reid to tell him we will not support any continuing resolution that provides funding for ObamaCare: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
Old McCain family photo - looking good in those sweaters! #ThrowBackThursday
"Going around telling people Obamacare’s ‘working the way it’s supposed to,’ or that it’s ‘fabulous’ or ‘wonderful,’ as several of our Democrat friends have done – well, that doesn’t change reality. It’s just words. It doesn’t change the fact that recent surveys show only 13 percent of Americans now believe the law will help them. Or that about half believe it will make things worse for the middle class. Or that actuaries are now predicting cost increases of 30 percent or more in my home state of Kentucky.”  “Just last week, as I often do, I met with employers from around Kentucky who expressed continued concerns about the impact this law will have on their operations. They want the Democrats who run the Senate to follow the House’s lead in delaying Obamacare for everyone – both businesses and individuals. They know it just makes sense to do so. And I know they want the President to sign the bill when it passes."
County fair season is in full swing and 4-Hers across the state are busy showing livestock, crafts, sewing projects and much more. As the largest youth organization in Kansas, 4-H makes a difference in the lives young people who are being equipped with skills that will help them become successful in life. Congrats to all participants, including Washington County 4-Her Heidi Stegman who received Grand Champion for her market goat. Thanks also to the parents, volunteers and local businesses who support these young individuals at the fair.
The 52nd annual U.S. Senate Youth Program is now accepting applications from high school juniors and seniors for its week-long government and leadership education program. Selected students will receive an all-expense paid trip to D.C. to take part in the program and a $5,000 scholarship. The deadline to apply is October 10, 2013. For more information, visit their website.
The National Park Service knows wild Alaska salmon better than to require high priced eco-endorsements giving us a seal of approval for sustainability.  After I raised questions about their new policy and how it risks taking Alaska wild seafood out of concession stands nationwide, I convinced the NPS director to rethink this policy.
Saturday is Ted Stevens Day, and I will be at the celebrations in both Anchorage and Fairbanks this year.  What better way to remember and honor Uncle Ted than getting out and playing in this beautiful Alaska summer!?  Find out more about all the activities planned here:
A heart-warming story about a class act and a hero.
Today, I issued a follow-up letter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation regarding my concern over the use of FBI surveillance drones on U.S. soil.  Click here to read the letter: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=902
Earlier the morning, I met with National FFA representatives, Brian Chism of Meade County and Ruth Ann Myers of Harrodsburg to discuss the future of agriculture in America.
Funding Obamacare is a huge mistake. Democrats are delaying the implementation of Obamacare until after 2014 for political purposes.  I think Obamacare should be delayed permanently. Watch, like and share if you agree.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akLNtSv7FUU
Proud to spend time with American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation Boys Nation students today. Keep up the good work!
Senator Shelby on Detroit: “The federal government has no business using taxpayer dollars to bail out any entity, be it a company, city, state – you name it. Americans pay too many taxes as it is; they should never have to pick up the tab for other cities.”
Senator Shelby: "I was pleased to support the bipartisan student loan reform that passed the Senate overwhelmingly yesterday.  This legislation provides certainty to students and their parents that educational loans will be accessible and affordable for young people pursuing higher education all while protecting the American taxpayer from undue risk.”
NA
WATCH: Senator Shelby tells NowThis News why Obama's policies are NOT conducive to creating jobs in Alabama
NA
Now that the bill I authored with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. has passed the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, Philly's Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs medical center may soon be renamed after Corporal Michael J. Crescenz. Corporal Crescenz was a Vietnam War veteran and Philadelphia’s only Medal of Honor recipient of that war.
I'm urging that a bill funding two government agencies be returned to the Appropriations Committee so that it can be reworked to fit under budget caps required by law. The Transportation-HUD bill the Senate is currently considering puts us on a direct path to bust the caps, to break the law, to spend even more than the statutory limits that we put in place just two years ago. This bill spends 10 percent more than FY13 and even more than the president requested.
For more than half a century, Mr. Winzer has been an unsung hero. World War II veterans are humble and often reluctant to accept recognition. After 69 years, I'm glad to be able to help him get the Bronze Star Medal.
My state director, Lt. Col. Bob DeSousa, awards Mr. Bert Winzer the Bronze Star Medal for his service in WWII, over 69 years ago. Mr. Winzer served as a member of the 1st Special Service Force, an elite commando unit known as "the Devil's Brigade." I am overjoyed that we were able to help him receive the medal that he earned.
The 56th Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 28th ID  is the higher headquarters of the 2nd Squadron, 104th Cavalry. The unit's mission is to develop situational awareness and knowledge in the area of operations, empowering the Stryker Brigade Combat Team to anticipate, forestall and dominate threats, ensuring mission accomplishment through decisive action and freedom of maneuver. Thank you for coming to Washington, and thank you for all you do for our country.
I value tremendously the chance to meet with members of the Pennsylvania National Guard. For years, these great patriots have defended our freedom around the world. The service of 2nd Squadron, 104th Cavalry in Iraq during 2008-2009 is a prime example.
Glad to meet yesterday with Lt. Colonel Leland Blanchard, Commander of the 2nd Squadron, 104th Cavalry, Pennsylvania National Guard, and other leaders of that unit. Thank you for all you do for us and for our country.
