Last week House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp introduced a proposal to rewrite the U.S. tax code. I am still reviewing the specifics of his proposal, but I applaud Chairman Camp’s effort to move the ball forward on reforming a tax code that is too costly, complex and uncompetitive. Reforming and simplifying our nation’s burdensome tax system will encourage economic growth, create more American jobs and make our country stronger in the global marketplace. Despite a political climate that rewards the status quo, tax reform needs to happen for our economy and global competitiveness. I will continue to join with Congressman Camp and others to move this complex issue in the right direction.
Weekly Op-Ed: Americans and people around the world have gathered by their televisions to cheer on athletes in the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics.  Idahoans earned two gold medals and one silver medal.  They contributed three of the U.S. team’s 28 total medals. Olympians inspire us to push beyond the limits of what we may think is possible.  Congratulations to Idaho and American Olympians on their extraordinary efforts during these Olympics and their many achievements. 
Senator Collins attended the 2014 Maine Fishermen's Forum in Rockport over the weekend - the largest event of its kind in New England.  She talked to a lot of great people who are committed to preserving Maine's proud fishing heritage.
In case you missed, you can read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here (http://1.usa.gov/1c1MKUP) and sign up to receive weekly updates from the senator by clicking here (http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj).
Even the Washington Post finally gets it — President Obama's foreign policy is based in fantasy not reality.
Hillary Clinton "completely silent" on Pastor Saeed Abedini's detention in Iran when she could have made a difference. #SaveSaeed
As we welcome AIPAC to our nation’s capital, why is President Obama tougher on Netanyahu than Putin?    We should be threatening Russia with isolation and making it clear Israel's security is non-negotiable.
Politico: #IRS hit from all political stripes on nonprofit rules
“Stop going on television and trying to threaten thugs and dictators,” U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham told President Obama. “It is not your strong suit. Every time the president goes on national television and threatens Putin or anyone like Putin, everybody’s eyes roll, including mine. We have a weak and indecisive president that invites aggression."
Senator Grassley discusses the need for fiscal discipline and accountability for the way tax dollars are spent in this Q&A.
President Obama's attempt to seek peace through apologetic diplomacy while defunding and dismantling our military has failed. Today our enemies don't fear us and our allies no longer respect us. It's time for President Obama to come forward and either fully fund our military or reduce expectations for the United States' leadership in the world. http://www.sacbee.com/2014/03/03/6204967/inhofe-putins-action-due-to-president.html
Today I am proud to release my 2012-2013 Accomplishments Report that highlights all that I've been able to get done for Oklahomans while serving you in the Senate. In my leadership roles, I have fought to preserve the founding principles that make this nation great and fought to make Oklahomans' voices heard and represented in Congress. Please take time to read more here: http://bit.ly/1krkD4g
Whenever government gets too big, it begins to trample on institutions of civil society. We must continue to ensure that the free exercise of religion remains uninhibited.
It was great visiting with Kansas representatives of the National Down Syndrome Society (NDSS) last week. I was especially pleased to meet Tavrick Lawless of Wichita. Tavrick is a high school senior and a self-advocate with Down syndrome. As a member of the Down Syndrome Society of Wichita and a member of the Self-Advocacy Board of NDSS, Tavrick gives presentations to groups who want to learn more about individuals with special needs.    During our visit we also discussed the hearing held Wednesday by the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee on Alzheimer's disease. As Ranking Member of this subcommittee, I had the opportunity to ask Director of the National Institutes of Health Dr. Francis Collins a question about the link between with Down syndrome and Alzheimer’s disease. Studies show that by age 40, almost all individuals with Down syndrome have significant plaques and tangles in their brains, which are abnormal protein deposits considered Alzheimer’s trademarks. But despite the presence of these brain changes, only about half of Down syndrome individuals develop Alzheimer’s symptoms. Here is my discussion with NIH Director Collins: http://bit.ly/1gNa1XJ.
I was pleased my former colleague Rep. Dennis Moore was willing to come to Washington and publicly share his personal insights during last week's Senate appropriations hearing on Alzheimer's disease. Rep. Moore's testimony undoubtedly gave Americans and individuals around the world who have encountered the same circumstance courage and hope. I encourage you to learn more about this important issue by reading the story that appeared in yesterday's Topeka Capital-Journal.
Like thousands of Alaskans, I’m watching Russia’s aggressive actions in Ukraine very closely.  Unpredictable regimes like Russia – and North Korea, Iran, etc. – are the reason that the Pentagon is moving its focus to the Pacific.  As we consider sanctions against Russia, I'm continuing to ensure Alaska’s essential military assets are ready for anything.
The Last Great Race is underway and every year I'm amazed by these 4-legged athletes.  Not only do these dogs run 1,000 miles on the toughest terrain on earth, they do it pulling a sled and a musher and they love every minute!  Keep up with all the Iditarod action here: http://iditarod.com
Sierra and Antone just got engaged. Taking happy pictures at the top of Alyeska. Congratulations!
Welcome home to the Ohio National Guard's 371st Sustainment Brigade who returned yesterday. Thank you for your service.
NA
PA History: Philly's Katharine Drexel is celebrated today as a saint of the Catholic Church for her inspiring life of service to the needy.
The Senate will vote this week on the nomination of Debo Adegbile for a top Justice Department post.  I do not think he should be confirmed. http://www.inquirer.com/opinion/commentary/20140303_Unfit_for_Justice_post.html 
