Please LIKE or SHARE and thank a veteran today. http://1.usa.gov/HDwA5I
Today we say thank you to the generations of brave servicemen and women who have served our country. We are a free and blessed nation only because of their service and sacrifice.
As we mark Veterans Day today, please join me in thanking our nation's veterans, active duty servicemen and women, and their families for their commitment to keep America safe. We owe these brave men and women a great debt of gratitude for their selfless sacrifices.
Today is a time when we look back and reflect on the service and sacrifice of our nation’s service-members and veterans.  These individuals selflessly give of themselves to defend our freedoms, and we are constantly humbled by their strength and courage.  While we may never repay the debt borne by those who paid the ultimate sacrifice, we must never waiver in our commitment to honor their memory by caring for those who continue the fight.
Thank you to our veterans. We salute the men and women called to wear our nation's uniform for their selfless commitment and immeasurable sacrifices to protect this nation and its ideals.
I am proud to say that I am U.S. Army veteran. But I think all of us, every American whether Republican or Democrat, veteran or not, would agree that we have a duty. We have a duty to remember, we have a duty to honor, and we have a duty to support those who have sacrificed so much to protect and defend our country.  When they complete their service, our veterans deserve to receive the care and support they need when they return to civilian life. THIS is the duty and call of every American.   So from this Army veteran to all of those who have worn the uniform: THANK YOU. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your selfless contributions and sacrifices to our great nation.
2013 Spirit of Freedom Award Recipients at the Boise Veterans Home:  Brian Alspach, Daniel Geib, Henry Parker, Chester "Kenny" Smith and Jack Crane. #veteransday #usa
Some images from the Twin Falls Spirit of Freedom Award ceremony. #VeteransDay #usa
Enough can never be said about the contributions, patriotism and sacrifice of our nations Veterans. "Like" and "Share" to thank our Veterans. #idpol #USA #VeteransDay
Senator Collins and Mark Swann of Preble Street write about efforts to end homeless for our nation's veterans.
Senator Collins speaking at Community of Sanford, Maine Veterans Day ceremony.
Senator Collins joined Teddy and Sandra on 94.9 WHOM this morning to honor all our nation's veterans and their families.
Honored to participate in a ceremony awarding the French Legion of Honor Medal to Texas veterans of the Greatest Generation who served in France during the war.
Thanks to all our veterans.  Please know you are never alone.
This Veterans Day, I am reminded of so many Texas veterans who have served and sacrificed on our behalf.   It is often said, "Texas defends America." Perhaps no other state has contributed as much to the defense of our nation over the course of American history. It is a legacy that Texans are deeply proud of, and it is an honor that we as Texans hold dear to support and care for our service members, our veterans and their families.     This Veterans Day I hope we are each reminded to value the freedoms and way of life these brave Americans fought to secure. And I hope we can show our gratitude and support to our veterans and the greater military community, not just on Veterans Day, but on every day of the year.
Senator Corker made the following statement in honor of Veterans Day: “It is humbling to be in the presence of our nation’s veterans and active duty service members, and I feel like the best way I can honor their service and their families’ sacrifices is to wake up every day working to solve the big problems facing our nation to ensure the continued greatness of the country they have fought to protect.”  Over the past year, Corker’s office, working in partnership with members of the Tennessee congressional delegation, local officials and veterans service organizations, organized a series of “Rally Point” events to provide veterans and their families with a one-stop shop to access local resources. Close to 1,500 Tennesseans have attended Rally Point events in Knoxville, Cookeville, Jackson, Gallatin and Chattanooga.
On the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of 1918, the fighting between the Allies and Germany ceased. Today, we commemorate that moment by thanking our veterans who have continued the quest to preserve our peace and freedom.  We should all be proud of our country’s long tradition of service. General John J. Pershing eloquently expressed his thanks in a letter to the troops who helped win the “war to end all wars,” that is just as relevant now as it was then.  Pershing wrote, “By willing sacrifice of personal rights; by cheerful endurance of hardship and privation; by vigor, strength and indomitable will, made effective by thorough organization and cordial co-operation, you inspired the war-worn Allies with new life and turned the tide of threatened defeat into overwhelming victory.”  We are so fortunate that throughout history, millions of Americans have come forward to fight tyrants, fascists, communists, and terrorists to keep us free.  Still, we live in a violent world, where the freedoms we enjoy remain exceptional to millions of less fortunate forced to abide by brutal dictators, oppressive regimes, and cultures of intolerance.  The persistent threats of terrorism at home and abroad are reminders of how precious it is to be an American and how fiercely our rights must be protected.  We are blessed to live in a society where men and women continue to fight for our flag. Since the terrorist attacks of 9/11, more than 3 million Americans have volunteered to defend their country, knowing full well the risks they may face. More than 50,000 are serving in Afghanistan right now.  They, like millions of veterans before them, are willingly putting themselves in danger to keep us safe.  Thank you.  President Calvin Coolidge once said, “The nation which forgets its defenders will itself be forgotten.” He was right.  Please join me on this Veterans Day in saying a prayer of thanks for our veterans. And, please find a veteran. Grab their hand. Look them in the eye and tell them, “Thank you for your service.”  We will never be able to express enough thanks for the troops, but they must always know they are treasured.  May God bless the veterans, may God bless all those who continue to protect our country, and may God bless the United States of America.
Fighting for our veterans and their loved ones is something I take very seriously in the United States Senate. Today we honor their service and sacrifice.
Whenever you see a veteran or someone on active duty, take a moment to thank them for their service. Their sacrifices make it so that we can live in freedom and in peace. Thank you veterans for all that you do.
I was grateful to spend the day visiting with Nebraska's brave veterans at several stops in eastern Nebraska. Thank you all for your service.
Today we honor the generations of patriots who have risked life and limb to defend our freedom. Please take a moment to pay respect to a veteran today. We owe our way of life to their service and sacrifice. Looking forward to visiting with many of our state’s veterans and joining Nebraskans at ceremonies today as we come together to salute our nation’s brave men and women who have served.
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to those brave men and women who have sacrificed and fought for freedom at home and abroad. May God bless you and continue to bless the United States of America.
Remember all the ppl who hv sacrificed to defend our freedoms&liberties  say "thanks" to Veterans on this VeteransDay. We owe them so much
Today, Americans join together to honor our country’s noble veterans who have made tremendous sacrifices to defend our nation. These men and women are responsible for spreading liberty and freedom throughout the world. I encourage every Nevadan to take a moment today to thank the veterans in their lives and also remember those currently serving in harm’s way. No doubt, we all wish them a safe return home.
 
 As we honor all of these brave men and women today, we also honor those who lost their lives defending the American way of life. Thank you to all who have served, who continue to serve and the families who support these veterans. I am humbled to have the opportunity to advocate on your behalf in the United States Senate, and remain committed to ensuring that our nation's veterans receive the benefits they have earned and deserve. http://1.usa.gov/19dwgAQ
Veterans Day is a time devoted to paying our respects to the men and women who have worn the uniform and sacrificed to make our nation great. Because of our veterans’ service and commitment for over a century, the United States has become a shining beacon for liberty and democracy across the globe. I am honored that more than 37,000 military families reside in the great state of Oklahoma, and roughly 340,000 veterans call our state home, attend our churches, and contribute to our communities. On behalf of Oklahoma, we are humbled by the immeasurable dedication of each and every one of them. Please take a moment to read the rest of my statement below.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-veterans-day
THANK YOU to the finest among us, the men and women who serve in our armed forces.
On #VeteransDay we remember all our veterans have done to keep us safe. Thank you to all Americans who risk their lives for the greatest force for human dignity and freedom in the world: http://1.usa.gov/1esMaiA
It is an outrage that #Illinois veterans wait 524 days for VA help. It is unacceptable that #veterans face an unemployment rate 3% higher than the national average. If you are a veteran, I want to hear about your experience. Tell me your story here: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=contact
May God continue to bless those who have blessed our nation with their service and sacrifice.
One of my roles as a United States Senator is to consider treaties signed by the President for ratification.  Treaties are an important tool for creating conditions in the world that are favorable to the security and economic prosperity of the United States.  However, many of the treaties recently negotiated by President Obama or considered in the Senate put international interests above the interests and sovereignty of our country.  The United Nations the Law of the Sea Treaty (LOST), the Convention for the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD), the Arms Trade Treaty (ATT), and the New START treaty with Russia contain provisions that diminish our defense capabilities, undermine important constitutional rights and processes, and erode our national sovereignty.    I have found that many Americans care passionately about the role we play in the world, and I want to hear your thoughts about the United Nations, treaties that are being considered by the Senate, and what aspects of American sovereignty need to be vigorously defended:
U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell honors our nation's veterans:  “On Veterans Day, we convey our gratitude to the men and women in uniform, past and present, who have bravely served our country. From the freedom fighters of the Revolutionary War to today’s veterans who fought bravely in Afghanistan, Iraq, and elsewhere around the world, today is the day we pay tribute to their service and sacrifice.  “Kentucky has a proud and honorable military history, as home to both Fort Knox and Fort Campbell, with thousands of soldiers and their families. The Commonwealth also looks with great pride upon the scores of brave National Guard members and Reservists who have given so much to defend our nation. Kentuckians have bravely served in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps.  “Kentucky is home to 335,000 veterans whom I am proud to represent in the U.S. Senate. They risked their all for their country.  “So this Veterans Day, we pay tribute to those who fought to defend this country. We express our thanks and our gratitude to those who are still with us. And we honor in our memories those who did not return home.  “We pay tribute to the families of our servicemembers too, because they have made a sacrifice as well by sharing with America their sons, daughters, husbands and wives.  “And finally, we pay tribute to the irrepressible American spirit that is essential to the survival of liberty. It is thanks to America’s veterans, and their heroic service, that we have upheld this spirit.”
On Veterans’ Day, we express our gratitude for the service of those who have protected our way of life and allowed us to remain the strongest and freest nation in the world.  We respect you, we thank you and we love you.
This morning I celebrated Veterans’ Day in Manhattan with a parade and ceremony organized by the Flint Hills Veterans Coalition. It was a privilege to say thank you to all who served.
Americans come together each year on November 11 to celebrate and honor our nation’s veterans. These brave men and women sacrificed to provide their children and grandchildren with the opportunity to achieve the American Dream, so it’s imperative we make certain they themselves have the opportunity to live the American Dream.  In Kansas and across the country, veterans face a myriad of challenges when they return home from service — from braving mental health conditions such as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, to the basics needed to enter the workforce like creating or updating a resume. With 34,000 servicemen and women expected to return home by February 2014, practical programs and services must be in place to help them transition from one chapter of their lives to the next.  On Veterans’ Day, we express our gratitude for the service of those who have protected our way of life and allowed us to remain the strongest and freest nation in the world. Let’s make certain whether veterans wish to start their own business, commence a job search, or go back to school, they are able to achieve the same American Dream they sacrificed so much to protect.  God bless our veterans: we respect you, we thank you and we love you.
Thousands of veterans call Alaska home, but not all wear their badges, medals or scars on the outside.  One of these veterans and heroes is Thomas Struth.  He fought in two wars and turns 100 tomorrow on 11-12-13. I thank him and all our nation's veterans  for their service on this Veteran's Day and everyday.
Happy Veteran's Day, Alaska!  We have more veterans per capita than any other state -- 77,000 statewide, which makes 1 out of every 10 Alaskans a vet.  They are our neighbors, coaches, teachers, police officers and community leaders, but most importantly they are our valued friends.  I want to thank each and every one of them today for their selfless service.
Among the veterans I remember today are my father and grandfather, both of whom served as Infantry Lieutenants in the US Army - one a veteran of WWI, and the other a veteran of WWII. They helped teach me early on that in order to preserve values we hold dear, like freedom, equality, and opportunity, sometimes Americans have to put on the uniform and put their lives on the line.   On this Veterans Day, let us recommit ourselves to continue to work to ensure that America's veterans have the health care they need, the economic opportunities they deserve, and the respect they have earned.
Thank you to the veterans who have bravely served our nation. We honor the sacrifices you have made to protect and defend us.
Today we thank all of the brave men and women who have served to protect and defend America.  
 
 Semper Fi
NA
"On Veterans Day, our nation pauses to honor the millions of Americans who have served their country and defended its people. Each generation, these brave souls have risen to answer the call. Alabama has a long, distinguished tradition of military service and is home to many of our nation's greatest heroes. Last night, in Birmingham, I was humbled to present an award to the Tuskegee Airmen, whose tremendous courage in the face of adversity is a lasting inspiration to all of us. Today, in Huntsville, I was privileged to participate in a breakfast and parade to honor the contribution of all who served. God bless our veterans, their families, and our country."  -J.S.
Truly an honor to spend Veterans Day at the VA Victory House in Walterboro. Thank you to all our veterans, and God Bless you and your families.
Looking forward to honoring our vets in a Veterans' Day Ceremony today at the VA Victory House in Walterboro.
Honored to attend the 54th annual Delaware County Veterans Day Parade today in Media.  Thank you to all of our veterans for your service.
Thank you to our military -- active duty and vets!
