United States Senator Mike Lee on efforts in the Senate to #StopObamasAmnesty.
President Obama’s Attorney General nominee deserves fair and full consideration of the United States Senate, which is precisely why she should not be confirmed in the lame duck session of Congress by senators who just lost their seats and are no longer accountable to the voters.   The Attorney General is the President's chief law enforcement officer. As such, the nominee must demonstrate full and complete commitment to the law.  Loretta Lynch deserves the opportunity to demonstrate those qualities, beginning with a statement whether or not she believes the President’s executive amnesty plans are constitutional and legal.
If President Obama wants to pursue a new AUMF for Iraq (and he should), it shouldn't be in the lame duck session. Those voted out of Congress shouldn't vote to put troops in harm's way.
“Cowboys and ranchers from across the state filled the room at the Fort Reno building at the Wyoming State Fairgrounds in Douglas Sunday afternoon. They were there to recognize the first 32 inductees into the Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame…(Sen. Mike) Enzi said he felt privileged to be at the presentation and he was thrilled to see that someone had come up with the idea to honor the cowboys of Wyoming, because ‘This is the Cowboy State.’”
UNI football host NoDakSt. Visitors hv won 33strsight games half UNI leads 7/0
Senator Grassley with UNI basketball Coach Jacobson's sons at a football game.
We already knew this was true, but the article just confirms it! #PackerFansAreTheBest
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Utah resident Brent H. Laurence. Brent is a retired US Army Colonel. He served two tours in Vietnam and in Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm. I am deeply grateful for his service to our great country in the US Army.
It is always a privilege to honor our veterans, and today was a beautiful fall day to ride in this WWII Jeep in the Topeka Veterans Parade. The parade is just one of the many events and parades across Kansas between now and November 11, Veterans Day, that will bring families and communities together to honor all those who served. Thanks to former Kansas Adjutant General Maj. Gen. Tod Bunting and the generations of men and women who have served our country with valor. God bless you, and God bless America.
Congrats to Candice McDonald Kotyk, owner of Salmon Berry Tours in Anchorage,  for receiving a Gold Star Award -- one of several tourism industry awards given out today.  Tourism is a key economic driver for Alaska, so the Mat-Su Convention and Visitor’s Borough honored several Alaskans who have been fantastic ambassadors for our state!
