IN CASE YOU MISSED SEN. ALEXANDER’S LATEST NEWSLETTER: On pushing for withdrawal of unconstitutional NLRB nominees and opposing pro-labor replacements, Alexander said: “I voted against President Obama’s two new nominees to the National Labor Relations Board, because I’m concerned with their ability to set aside their pro-union advocacy pasts to act as neutral arbiters between employees and employers.” Follow this link if you want to sign up for Alexander’s regular newsletter on what he’s been working on in Tennessee and Washington, D.C.: http://1.usa.gov/HHzRO6
NA
Thank you, William Murphy, for your service to our nation.  The people of New Hampshire are grateful!
Senator Ayotte is visiting businesses across the state as part of her ongoing dialogue with New Hampshire business owners, focusing on ways to help them grow and thrive.
The founder and former CEO of Staples Inc., Thomas Stemberg, wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal this week applauding the bipartisan bill I introduced with Senator King to streamline and eliminate burdensome government regulations. Families and job creators in Missouri and across America deserve more economic certainty and less government intrusion.
We're visiting with the livestock exhibits at the Sebastian County Fair. Programs like 4-H and FFA help cultivate an interest in agribusiness. For many participants, the county fair is the culmination of the hard work of raising livestock and involvement with other competitions. Great job to all the participants.
I'll be staying at some of our state parks next week during our agriculture tour. We talk about the backyard beauty in our state in this week's column.
NA
Hope you will join me in Idaho Falls on Saturday as a Vietnam Veteran receives a long-overdue Purple Heart.  Jerry Blackburn, of Leadore, served with the U.S. Army for two years during the Vietnam conflict.  He was wounded while defending an officer’s quarters in Saigon.  Click below for more information about the event.
Enjoyed my visit earlier this week with the Idaho Press Tribune editorial board.  We talked about the many important issues facing Congress this fall.
"The Nite Show with Danny Cashman" debuts on WAGM FOX 8 in Aroostook County on September 7th.  Senator Collins is delighted to be the first guest and to introduce Danny to the "taste of the County."  Watch to find out more!
“Fort Hood has long been a source of pride for all Texans, and the heroes who put themselves in harm’s way on that fateful day deserve to be recognized for their sacrifice whether overseas or at home."
“We must turn our attention to ensuring that the victims of this horrible tragedy and their families receive the full honors and benefits bestowed upon soldiers who are wounded or killed in overseas combat zones.”
"The victims and families have had to wait for far too long for today’s decision, but I hope they can take some relief in today’s outcome as they and the entire Fort Hood community continues to grieve."
Cornyn Statement on Fort Hood Verdict:
"Facts mean little to a politicized Justice Department bent on inserting itself into the sovereign affairs of Texas"
"We deserve the freedom to make our own laws...not to be insulted by a Justice Department committed to scoring cheap political points.”
CBS: "John Cornyn fired back saying...'we reject the notion that the federal government knows what's best for us.'"
Krauthammer: The choice in Egypt
Yesterday at an event hosted by the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition (USGLC), Senator Corker joined top military, business, and faith leaders for a lunch discussion on the importance of U.S. leadership in the world and its impact on Tennessee. “In Washington and throughout our country, we’re witnessing a debate about the role the U.S. should play around the world. I believe in American exceptionalism and that the United States has a unique and critical leadership role in the world that cannot be idled or abdicated,” said Senator Corker. “Withdrawal from leadership will make us less safe, have us miss opportunities for greater prosperity and stability, and potentially sow the seeds of greater indebtedness. There’s no nation in the world that is impacted as much as ours when there’s economic stability around the world. But the greatest threat to our ability to lead is our fiscal situation. I was asked recently in a discussion with young people about how the U.S. can regain our competitive advantage from a rising China. I said then and will reiterate today: we must get our fiscal house in order.” To read more and to watch video from the event, click here: http://www.usglc.org/events/nashville-tn-corker/.
FACT: Obamacare is likely to reduce patient access to physicians.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
NA
We have health care ideas. They will actually work and are more affordable.
Summer is ending and students are going back to school all across Nebraska. Check out my column this week about the importance of keeping education homegrown.
Final thoughts on my visit to Kansas celebrating our 59th wedding anniversary :  Ppl of Kansas r as friendly as Iowans They spoke as I jog
After visiting Dole. Center  went to Eisenhower museum  and Library  in Abilene Such a facility on the Plaines show Ike honored his roots
50 years later, Martin Luther King's #IHaveADream lives on. Join me in remembering his work 4 #freedom & unity. #DreamDay
Looking forward to returning to the #QuadCities this coming monday. 
 
 http://qctimes.com/news/local/kirk-making-first-trip-to-q-c-since-stroke/article_38765430-4b66-57de-a409-3edf0aaa2021.html
Glad to see so many people at at Chicago State University's 2nd annual Entrepreneurial Idol encouraging the 6 innovative finalists
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse and I traveled to northeast Asia this week to meet with leaders in the region.
This morning, I helped veteran-founded and operated company Patriot Outfitters celebrate the grand opening of their world headquarters in Saint Marys, Kansas. Patriot Outfitters, which employs 130 individuals, is one of the leading suppliers of tactical gear and equipment for members of our military with 26 retails stores around the country.
Last night I enjoyed meeting with the 2013 Leadership Kansas Class and alumni in Kansas City, Kansas. The program is an opportunity for individuals from across the state to further develop their leadership skills and learn more about communities, businesses and issues impacting Kansas. Here, I'm pictured with Kansas Leadership Alumnus Clint Robinson of Overland Park.
Ted Stevens left us just over three years ago, but his finger prints can still be seen and appreciated all across this state we all love.  Yesterday, we officially opened the new Samuel Simmonds Memorial Hospital in Barrow.  I made sure that Uncle Ted got the recognition he deserves for all his hard work in making this beautiful and very important new facility a reality for the people of the region.
My sons helped put themselves through college fishing in Alaska’s oceans, and my oldest tells me that this winter he will be fishing the Bering Sea.  As a mom, I worry for them.  But, knowing that there are 42,000 Coast Guard men and women out there on the water who are looking after for my sons and all Alaskans helps put my mind at ease.  This week I got to spend some time with these fine men and women at the CG base in Homer.
Helped open new GrafTech facility in Medina County. High tech manufacturing jobs coming to NE Ohio.
NA
Read my latest column in the Washington Times, "At last, common sense about Egyptian aid."   Click 'LIKE' if you agree we should finally end foreign aid to Egypt.  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/aug/23/paul-at-last-common-sense-about-egyptian-aid/
I was pleased to meet up with Ron Seeber of the Kansas Grain and Feed Association and Bob Tempel of Windriver Grain. 21st Century Agriculture at its finest.
What a pleasure and privilege to meet and share ideas with this outstanding group of young leaders of Dodge City, Ford County and Kansas. We had an instructive dialogue for two hours Weds. evening. They are all friends and supporters of KS Sen. Garrett Love and his wife Caley. Their scope and depth of areas of interest are truly impressive. Their ideas for our betterment and our future are far-reaching and worthy. Their input last night was very beneficial and positive. One leaves a meeting like this with a boundless optimism for our nation's future. Thanks, Garrett and Caley, for putting this meeting together. I look forward to a continuing dialogue with each one.
NA
South Carolina has some of the most amazing scenery in the world, and I would love to show it off as my cover photo! Please share your photos of our state by sending them to photo@scott.senate.gov   Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/sen-tim-scott-asks-constituents-share-images-“-our-south-carolina”-facebook-cover
Today, my Central PA Field Rep, Frank Mazza joined Congressman Bill Shuster and other elected officials for a tour of Halteman Farm in Franklin County.
Here's my town hall schedule for next week. Looking forward to hearing from you, Pennsylvania.
My constituent advocate for Pittsburgh, Shawn Conway, attends the ceremony for a very important historical marker - the birthplace of the banana split. Yes, America, Pennsylvania is responsible for this tasty treat. You're welcome.
Glad my southeast PA regional manager, James Fitzpatrick, could meet with the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association.
Good morning Pennsylvania. I'm on with WILK's Sue Henry at 9:30. Tune in and listen live here:
