ICYMI: Sen. Alexander joined Sen. Rubio in defending legislative prayer. Last week, Alexander signed an amicus brief in the U.S. Supreme Court regarding the Town of Greece v. Galloway case, in which the right of a town to start its board meetings with prayer is at stake.
Grateful for the courageous service and sacrifice of New Hampshire's Korean War veterans.
Newest #Obamacare delay “obscured in a maze of legal and bureaucratic language…”  #Trainwreck
I recently sat down with 40/29 in Northwest Arkansas to discuss how Congress can reach an agreement on the two different versions of the farm bill that the House and the Senate have passed, as well as our efforts to ensure that residents affected by the Mayflower oil spill do not get their compensation taxed by the federal government.
Today, Americans  learned of another major Obamacare delay that will impact patients and their access to affordable care. Instead of capping patient costs, the Administration changed the rules and hid it on an obscure bureaucratic government website. The reason Obamacare keeps getting delayed is because it doesn't work like the President promised it would.
Great to visit with the Idaho Statesman editorial board. Thanks for all the good questions.
Participated in a news conference, held in an Idaho onion field, to discuss the #FDA’s proposed irrigation water rules and my efforts to defund them with the #SCRAP Act. #idpol
Joined Chobani, Idaho Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Luna and the Meridian School District to talk about #USDA’s Greek yogurt pilot program. This is great news for our students, jobs and the economy.
Speaking with @KTVB about how the Greek yogurt pilot program and @Chobani's selection is a "win-win-win for Idaho's students, jobs and economy. #idpol 
PHOTO: Spoke and took questions from a packed house at a Judicial Watch reception. I have said it before and will say it again, I believe #DoddFrank needs to be repealed just as much as #Obamacare does. #idpol #BIGDATA #CFPB #JudicialWatch
Cornyn: Make Delays Permanent:
Know how your privacy will be protected in O-care health care exchanges?  Neither does the Federal Government.
Despite WH efforts to undo sequester, discretionary spending/deficits down; long-term debt dangerously high
Another O-care delay; why not delay for everyone?
Writing in U.S. News & World Report today, Senator Corker and Senator Mark Warner (D-Va.) highlight their legislation to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns. “A year ago, we set out to answer the question: how do we build a build a better system of housing finance for the future? The resulting legislation is the "Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act," which is sponsored by a bipartisan coalition of five Democrats and five Republicans from the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee… We have had five years to learn the lessons of the financial crisis and have the benefit of half a decade of hindsight. Economists, industry participants, many policy makers, and now the White House agree: now is the time for housing finance reform.” Read more: http://bit.ly/17mSvos.
Keep jobs in the United States -- #DefundObamacare now!  #DontFundIt
If the IRS is trying to polish up its image, it's awful hard to tell.  #AbolishtheIRS
This week there are media reports that hidden "in a maze of legal and bureaucratic language" on the Department of Labor website is another exemption from Obamacare for some insurance companies so they won't have to comply with limits on what they can charge people. If you are keeping score so far the Administration has given a break to businesses, Congress, and insurance companies, but not to individual Americans. I have said from the start that this law was unfair, too complex and unworkable. I will continue my efforts to dismantle it and put in its place a workable system.
Each day brings more news that ObamaCare is not ready for prime time. Today, we learned that the administration has delayed another key provision of the law that limits patients’ out-of-pocket costs, guaranteeing that ObamaCare will be anything but ‘affordable.’ The president has already delayed the law for big businesses, leaving the American people to face the disastrous impact Obamacare will have on their families, small businesses, and communities. Instead of following the president’s lead and selectively delaying the law for some, I remain committed to delaying  – and defunding – this law for all Americans.
I visited Mosaic last week in Omaha, and I was inspired by their work supporting individuals with intellectual disabilities. The highlight of my visit was meeting with Chris and his mother, Janey, who told me that Mosaic has made a big impact in improving their lives.
I applaud the Court’s calling out the Obama Administration for their flagrant violation of the law.  The court rightly rebuked the Obama Administration for delaying a decision on this important national security matter.    Yucca Mountain remains the appropriate nuclear waste storage site.  In addition, some of the first nuclear waste to be sent to Yucca Mountain would come from Savannah River Site.   Today’s ruling is positive news for South Carolina and our nation.
Glad Maquoketa kids R home fr Africa  Thanks 2 Mimi of my DsM staff for making it happen after Nairobi airport fire
Consumer protection measures limiting out of pocket costs are delayed for one year. #ObamaCare is not working.
“We are working to pass a strong farm bill for producers and consumers, as well as pro-growth legislation for the energy industry that will grow our economy, provide jobs for American workers and generate revenue. Along with a sustained effort to control spending, that will help us to reduce our debt and deficit. At the same time, we need to encourage investments in housing, transportation and other infrastructure necessary to support a growing economy. By making pro-growth legal, tax and regulatory reforms, we can unleash the imagination and innovation of the American people.”
Oklahoma is leading the country in defeating ObamaCare and exposing just how expensive and burdensome it will be on our economy. Yesterday’s ruling to allow Oklahoma Attorney General E. Scott Pruitt's case to proceed signifies a first-stage victory. Read my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/16NuHMy
I am pleased with Judge White’s ruling yesterday that signifies a first-stage victory for Oklahoma in the battle against ObamaCare. Read more here: http://bit.ly/17mikoK
Tomorrow join Congressman Aaron Schock & me at Bradley University Renaissance Coliseum at 9am for the Central #Illinois #Veterans #Jobs Fair. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=834 
 
 Don't miss out!
Today the DC Appeals Court said Yucca Mountain for nuclear waste storage is the law of the land. 1100 tons of nuclear waste are stored in Zion near Lake Michigan. We should protect the Great Lakes by moving forward with this project. http://wapo.st/1cKC8bu
Eliot Engel & I agree, harsher #Iran sanctions are needed now. We must not be fooled by Rouhani's "moderate" claim. 
 
 http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324653004578649983817604830.html
Only two days left until Central #Illinois #Veterans #Jobs Fair hosted by Congressman Aaron Schock & me. 
 
 Spread the word! http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=834
Read my op-ed with Eliot Engel in tomorrow's WSJ on why we need to increase sanctions to prevent a nuclear #Iran 
 
 http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324653004578649983817604830.html
 
 Please share and comment below.
I met with Rod Decker today in my Salt Lake office to discuss the effort to #defundobamacare.  Tune in to Channel 2 News this evening to watch the interview.
On Monday, the New York Times reported that an #Obamacare rule restricting out-of-pocket insurance costs for consumers, such as co-pays and deductibles, would be delayed until after next year’s election.   This provision was originally billed by the administration as a major cost saver for patients, particularly those with chronic disease.  But the cap was leading to huge premium increases, particularly for young families and students.  Faced with the obvious and predictable consequences of the caps, the administration again faces another embarrassing delay of this unworkable and unfair law.  The president realizes the political consequences of allowing the insurance premiums of voters to skyrocket over the next twelve months and is choosing to lay the burden on the chronically ill and most vulnerable Americans.  It is a desperate and shameful political move.  The best way to delay Obamacare is to defund it.  Once Congress returns from the August work period, the House should act quickly to pass a continuing resolution that funds the government, but not Obamacare.  It is the only responsible course of action to protect Americans from this ill-conceived and poorly crafted policy before it is too late.
"You mean to suggest that we shouldn't fight simply because we are so afraid of being blamed for it.  This is how we get into this mess.  When we say, 'well were afraid that the other side isn't going to cave, so we have to.'  So we cave, and we cave, and we cave, and we get Obamacare, and we get new entitlement programs that never go away.  This is how we get into trouble.  What we are dealing with here are the lives of individual Americans.  Fifty-seven percent of all Americans believe that Obamacare will make their family's healthcare situation worse, not better.  If we don't do everything we can - even if we think there is a risk that the other side will try to blame something bad on us - then we are not serving the American people.  The fact remains, good politics follow good policy.  Good policy here is to do everything we possibly can to #DefundObamacare."  Share this if you agree:
Sen. McConnell enjoyed meeting students from the Barbourville High School BETA Club today while visiting Corbin, Kentucky.
Following his visit to Corbin, Sen. McConnell enjoyed being interviewed by Larry Day of WEKC Radio in #Williamsburg, #Kentucky.
Sen. McConnell spoke one-on-one with Tanner Hesterberg of #WYMT TV in #Hazard, #Kentucky after his Corbin visit.
Sen. McConnell is speaking with constituents at Baptist Health in Corbin, #Kentucky about #Obamacare.
Thanks to the #Barbourville High School Beta Club for attending Sen. McConnell's speech in Corbin, #Kentucky today.
Hundreds of Kentuckians on hand today to hear Sen. McConnell speak at the Southern #Kentucky Chamber of Commerce luncheon in Corbin. Talking about #Obamacare and Kentucky's economy.
Senator McConnell thanking employees at Firestone in #Williamsburg, #Kentucky. During his visit, they talked about Obamacare, coal and Kentucky's economy.
Senator McConnell talking with employees at Firestone Industrial Products in Williamsburg, #Kentucky.
During a visit to Williamsburg, #Kentucky today, Senator McConnell & Firestone Industrial Products employees discussed #Obamacare, #coal & increasing energy costs.
From today's Kentucky Enquirer: St. Elizabeth Healthcare workers and U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell shared mutual concerns over the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, during a meeting the senator held in Florence.
 
 McConnell, R-Ky., told them Monday he would defund the ACA if he could, but said there’s little he could do with a Democratic Senate and president.
 
 “I want to pull this law out root and branch, and if we had the ability to do it, we would,” McConnell said.
The Kentucky Enquirer: Senator McConnell, health care workers decry #Obamacare bit.ly/1d1OVoC #Kentucky
Today, I spoke at the monthly Wichita Independent Business Association (WIBA) meeting about numerous topics including issues facing small businesses, technology and education. We need to make certain that as we face an increasingly competitive global economy, our kids have the opportunity to pursue careers right here in Kansas. I’m pictured with Gary Oborny and Chad Stafford of Occidental Management.
During my visit to the National Institute for Aviation Research (NIAR) at Wichita State University today, it was a pleasure to meet testing facility employees Colin Phillips and Caleb Brening. Not only is the NIAR the largest university aviation research and development institution in the United States, but it also seamlessly integrates business, government and university entities to advance aviation technology in the "Air Capital of the World."
In this week's Kansas Common Sense, my enewsletter: the USDA approves CP25 emergency haying and grazing, my floor speech on the ACA, visiting Minneapolis, meeting with Kansas bankers, and much more.
Federal overreach in Alaska can be as big picture as ANWR, but more and more, it is the little intrusions into Alaskans’ everyday lives.  I’m fighting it on a case by case basis.  Auntie’s Day Care in Wrangell was a victory, but it shouldn't take an act of Congress, or a meeting between a U.S. Senator and the Chief of the Forest Service, to inject some rational thinking into how the federal government works with Alaska.
My staff is helping to distribute coats and school supplies at the annual HUGSS & Coats for Kids event in Anchorage.  Catholic Social Services hopes to distribute coats and basic school supplies to 5,500 low-income kids today, and judging by this line outside the Sullivan Arena, they are well on their way to that goal.  My thanks to everyone who has come together to donate and help out for this worthy cause.
Sharing some clear examples of federal overreach with Alaskans this morning at the Dena'ina Center and laying out a better path forward. What suggestions would you add?
I picked a bountiful harvest of huckleberries this afternoon while I was waiting for the float plane.  Southeast Alaska has been fabulous this week!
The controversy engulfing the IRS seems to grow bigger every day -- check out my Cleveland Plain Dealer op-ed here:
In Case You Missed It: Watch my interview with John Oliver on Comedy Central's The Daily Show last night discussing Obamacare.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_pxyeg6Sfc
The Obama administration has delayed yet another ObamaCare provision until 2015. Instead of continual delays, we need a permanent delay for all. As I’ve said before and I’ll say it again, we need to dismantle, delay and defund Obamacare.
 
 http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/13/us/a-limit-on-consumer-costs-is-delayed-in-health-care-law.html?smid=tw-share&_r=2&
Rubio Tours Apalachicola Bay Area, Calls For Urgent Action To Restore Water Flow. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/15FmPbs
Sessions: Asylum Request ‘Abuses’ Should Put Brakes On Immigration Bill:   "The House cannot allow such actions to continue. They must use every power they have to end this absurdity. No immigration bill should advance until these abuses are ended."
Sessions will be on LIVE with guest host Cliff Sims at 10:30 AM CT. Listen live here:
Had a great conversation with the mayor and other city officials in Bennettsville
Started the day meeting with the Honda team at their plant in Timmonsville
Williamsport, PA is proud to host the 2013 Little League Baseball & Softball World Series! Meet the players here:
Great news: Crowley Maritime Corporation has reached an agreement with the Aker Philadelphia Shipyard to build up to 8 new tankers in Philly.
West Goshen Township in Chester County ranks in the top 10 best places to live. Horsham, in Montco, is in the top 50. Way to go Southeast Pa!
