Sen. Alexander yesterday spoke to members of the Nashville Health Care Council here at the U.S. Capitol Visitor’s Center about the “heavy mandates, heavy regulations [and] more taxes” contained in Obamacare, saying, “I voted yesterday to defund it, and I've voted several times to repeal it, [and] I’ll do it again.”
I've introduced a bipartisan amendment to protect private sector jobs in Missouri and nationwide. By solving a funding gap for America’s food inspectors, this amendment ensures that every meat, poultry, and egg processing facility is not forced to shut down for up to 2 weeks as a result of sequester furloughs. We have 148 meat packing facilities in Missouri. This is a big issue where we live, and it impacts families who really work hard to make a living. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this common-sense, bipartisan amendment.
Released earlier this week, the Senate Democrats’ budget is even worse than was initially reported - it contains $1.5 Trillion in tax hikes and, despite these increases, it still adds $7.3 trillion to our debt over the next 10 years.  Share if you believe that we can't tax our way out of debt when spending is the real problem.
NA
Did you know the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers operates campgrounds and recreation areas in Arkansas? Here's our latest column on legislation we introduced to keep fees spent at these facilities in our state.
Our Senate Page, William Jenner, was able to take a break this morning and come and visit with us in our Washington office. He's doing a great job and is a great representative of Arkansas.
“The release of illegal immigrants is unacceptable. Blaming this flawed action on budget cuts shows the Obama Administration isn't serious about real immigration reform and is instead using budget cuts to bypass Congress."
NA
VIDEO: My amendment to protect the Crime Victims Fund was agreed to yesterday during the budget mark-up.
News Release: The U.S. Senate Budget Committee agreed to my amendment to protect the Crime Victims Fund from being continually raided by the Administration and Congress.  This fund does not add to our deficit and operates at no taxpayer expense, while assisting over 3.7 million victims of crime.  My amendment will end this budget gimmick and protect this essential fund.
CBS Midland: Sen. Cornyn and Gov. Perry Discuss Budget and Homeland Security:
Cornyn Renews Opposition to UN Arms Treaty, Urges the President to Oppose:
PHOTO: Sen. Cornyn Meets with Gov. Perry:
PHOTO: Great meeting with Lt. General Mark Milley, Commanding General of the Army's III Corps and Fort Hood:
Meeting with my friend Governor Perry this morning, who is in town to address CPAC
Military and Veterans Educational Benefits
Great to have the opportunity to chat with Neil Cavuto live on Fox News.
Glad to discuss the Second Amendment with my Senate Judiciary Committee colleagues:
Employers find ANOTHER Obamacare fee. This one will cost them, collectively, $25 billion in 3 years.   That’s $25 billion less for paychecks
God bless bloggers. Great to join Blog Bash at CPAC.
Pleased to ask the President about pro-growth tax and regulatory reform at today's Senate Republican lunch. Hope we can work together to unshackle the private sector.
For a well-developed and coordinated response to any public health emergency, President Obama signed the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2013 into law this week. If you haven’t heard of it, that’s because it isn’t controversial or part of a partisan fight. Senator Burr of North Carolina has been the leader on this for years and his efforts will help make sure our federal, state, and local entities are all working together on our preparedness efforts.
I recently finished a book that I recommend to people who want to learn more about what makes our country great. It’s Hidden America: From Coal Miners to Cowboys, an Extraordinary Exploration of the Unseen People Who Make This Country Work by Jeanne Marie Laskas.  Even though she is from the east, she does a good job of explaining some things about western culture that people from the urban east may not understand.
The Senate Budget Committee passed a budget for the first time in years.  Unfortunately, it’s not balanced and increases taxes.  I voted against it.  Earlier today I spoke about an amendment that would at least lower the amount of the spending increase, but the majority voted against that proposal.
NA
I appreciate the fact that our Democratic colleagues finally marked up a budget in the Senate Budget Committee for the first time in four years.  Unfortunately, the budget presented by Senate Democrats raised $1 trillion in new taxes, dramatically increases spending over the next decade, and does virtually nothing to save Medicare and Social Security from bankruptcy.   This budget is a liberal, Democrats Dream and I’m proud to have voted against it.
Read thurs oped WallStJ by senatorMcCain on 40th anniversary of his release fr VietPrison. Thx for ur service John  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312549256928047105
Thanks to house Republicans for a budget that gets to balance.  SenateDeficitMajority budget never balances  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312519488237092864
8pm thurs nite the DeficitMajority of BudgetComm voted out a trillion$ tax increase&no balance in site. All Republicans NAY  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312519005334290432
Corporate tax reform came up in RepubSenator meet w Obama.  Pres pledged to seek agreement starting w "exchange of paper"  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312387590718365696
RepubSenators meet w Obama.  He said there would b a decision on Keystone pipeline b4 end of yr.  waiting for StDept to forward  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312387103843557376
Repubsenators had very good discussion w Obama.  He listened; answered Qs candidly; one problem: he insist on higher taxes/Medicare  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312386519195320321
Grassley Wins Support for Payment Reform and Even-Handed Farm Bill Spending Reductions
Grassley amendment safeguards tax reform for tax relief
In case you missed it: Sen Baucus and I spoke with Jon Scott on Fox's Happening Now to discuss our new bipartisan legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline.
Last night the Budget Committee adopted two amendments I sponsored regarding Obamacare. The American people should have the most accurate and complete information that the Congressional Budget Office can provide. http://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=c0868852-ad7e-4052-b62f-6e95675ec31e
This morning the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee held a hearing regarding JP Morgan and its 'London Whale' losses. I sought to focus on the role of 'Too Big to Fail' and ineffective regulation. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PoRygStbn0
In its simplest form, the conservative message is that we want people to prosper.
Thank you to Lt. Gen. Kicklighter and the other great Americans leading the Commemoration of the Vietnam War's 50th Anniversary. Learn more about this important effort:
McConnell: Obamacare should be repealed root and branch. And we are not backing down from this fight.
$85 billion is a lot of money, but sequestration cuts are only a fraction of the cuts needed to solve our nation’s debt crisis. Allowing the President to make politically motivated cuts is not the answer. This week, I introduced several amendments that outline smarter ways to reduce government spending than sequestration’s arbitrary, across-the-board cuts. As I work to pass these amendments through Congress, I am urging my colleagues to join me in identifying more spending reductions that target wasteful or inefficient government programs.
In case you missed my interview this morning on my amendments to reinstate the Tuition Assistance program for service members and re-open the White House to Americans, you can watch it below. This is an opportunity to use common sense and make decisions that benefit Americans.
This morning, I stopped by the American Royal and met with students at the FIRST Robotics Competition. I discussed the importance of strengthening curriculums in science, technology, engineering and math, as well as value of pursuing an education and career path in a STEM field.  Pictured here are students from Newton High School who talked to me about their robot and high school program.
This morning at 10:20 a.m. CT, I'll be on Fox News to discuss my amendments to the Senate Continuing Resolution (CR) including including one to keep air traffic control towers open, one to reinstate the Tuition Assistance program for service members, and one to re-open the White House to Americans.  I hope you'll tune in.
I am relieved that Alaska’s Fort Greely is back on track to help defend our nation from missile strikes.  I fought hard to keep the Greely missile Field One from being shut down & now early interception from Greely is more important than ever.  With the North Korean threat rising, it only makes sense that our strategic location be used to its full potential.
Year after year, Alaska reports the highest rates of domestic violence and sexual assault in the nation. These are not only statistics to Alaskans, they are real people. The sad fact of the matter is: we all know friends and families members who have been victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. The fabric of our rural Alaska communities is woven by a network of extended families. We must have a solution, and that solution must bring Alaska’s tribes, the State of Alaska and federal law enforcement together.  I invite every concerned Alaskan to offer solutions and ideas to my Rural Public Safety Initiative by submitting your thoughts on my website:
It hurts my heart that some Alaskans may think I do not fully support protecting Native women from violence with every fiber of my being.  It’s time to clear the air about my Violence Against Women Act amendment, so I ask that you bear with me for what is a longer than usual post.  Point blank: the provision everyone is focused on in VAWA was never intended to address the situation for Alaska tribes.  Now, I realize how the VAWA bill containing my amendment reads. Unfortunately, it does not explain why the bill text is written a certain way, or give any backstory.  Bills are technical legal documents, and it’s the Committee Report that tells the full story.  When you dig into the Senate Indian Affairs and Judiciary Committee Reports you find that they both state, in black and white, that this provision was focused entirely on overturning a US Supreme Court case and a federal district court case that restricted jurisdiction on reservation lands.  It’s a footnote in a large document, but it is a crucial one to be aware of.  The provisions were requested by reservation tribes in the Lower 48 to address problems with restrictive court decisions that prevented those reservation tribes from addressing domestic violence problems.  And the provision dealt with reservations alone.  In Alaska, we have one, and only one reservation: Metlakatla. The other 228 tribes have been described by the US Supreme Court as “tribes without territorial reach.” The expansion of jurisdiction over non-members of a tribe is a controversial issue in our state, and what works in the Lower 48, won’t necessarily work here.  Our solution begins in Alaska – with collaboration between the State of Alaska and Tribes.   Ever since the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010, I have been working on an initiative that brings tribes, the state, and the federal government together to the table to build a workable, sustainable solution for our people. It calls for cross-deputization of tribal or village law enforcement to assist in the enforcement of criminal laws in the state, offering alternative tribal diversion for certain offenses. I will post my ideas Friday and welcome any and all comments on my proposed approach. We can get mired down in jurisdictional fights for a long time and victims of domestic violence will not be helped. Let’s try to find workable solutions together.  The reauthorization of VAWA was extraordinarily important. We know that when it comes to Alaska Native women, we have much more to address. We cannot ignore the ugly reality that our state is faced with when it comes to domestic violence against Native women.
I got answers from USPS Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe about the impacts of budget cuts on Alaska post offices- including on bypass mail, the end of Saturday delivery and any possible layoffs.  Here’s what he said:
I have come to believe that if two people are prepared to make a lifetime commitment to love and care for each other in good times and in bad, the government shouldn’t deny them the opportunity to get married.
Today, I introduced the Life at Conception Act. The right to life is guaranteed to all Americans in the Declaration of Independence and ensuring this is upheld is the Constitutional duty of all Members of Congress.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/files/documents/LCA.pdf
Introduced the Accountability in Grants Act earlier this week. This Bill would prevent the EPA from giving your taxpayer dollars to programs & activities, taking place outside the U.S.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/files/documents/AGA.pdf
The Air Force is announcing today it plans to circumvent a Stop Work Order on the Light Air Support contract with Embraer. I sent a letter to DOD with  Jerry Moran and Congressman Mike Pompeo to reinstate that Order until the Beechcraft protest is reviewed. According to USAF documents, Beechcraft’s bid was 30% lower and preserves 1,400 US jobs at 181 companies in 39 states.
I joined Chuck Grassley in offering this Amendment looking for answers about the decision to the release 2,000 illegal immigrant detainees PRIOR to the sequester.
Obamacare starts collecting $23 billion in "fees" from employers over the next three years. Yet another tax on our struggling economy.
I joined Senator John Hoeven in introducing this bipartisan bill to finally approve the long delayed Keystone Pipeline to create jobs and improve our nation's energy security.
This coming Monday, March 18, Senator Shelby will mark his 1,800th career county visit.  Watch a video about Sen. Shelby's county visits here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YFxlJngKsk
NA
For those who missed yesterday's Budget Committee mark-up, Sen. Sessions questioned Sen. Murray's staff and forced them to admit that their actual deficit reduction is closer to $700 billion over 10 years, not $1.85 trillion as the have claimed.
Great to see students from Socastee High School in Horry County!
I believe in school choice. Every parent deserves a choice, and every child deserves a chance.
Share this if you believe the United States is an opportunity society! Watch the entire CPAC speech here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Dy405kjoU4
The groundbreaking for Creps United Publications, in Indiana County. Creps is rebuilding from a fire in October that destroyed their old facility. This new site will get almost 100 people back on the payroll. Congratulations!
Katelyn King, my regional manager for Southwest Pennsylvania, was on hand today for the groundbreaking of Creps United Publications at Windy Ridge Business Technology Park in Indiana County. Creps is one of the largest full-color advertising printers in the region.
With District Attorney Risa Ferman. I supported the Violence Against Women Act and other legislation to assist federal, state, and local, law enforcement in cracking down on violence in the community, especially violence that occurs within the family.
DA Risa Ferman shared with me the effective ways that her office investigates and prosecutes child abuse and domestic violence.
I visited Mission Kids﻿ with District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman﻿ today. This organization helps children involved in abuse to navigate the criminal justice system in a safe, comforting environment. This is surely difficult - but critical - work to assist and care for children in crisis. Thank you for having D.A. Ferman and I today, and thank you for what you do.
We can - and we should - make smarter cuts than those that will hurt our warfighters.
