Welding has become one of the most in demand skills in America today. At Eastern Wyoming College (EWC) in Torrington, students in the welding and machine tooling program are learning the skills that could help them get almost immediate job placement with significant pay. I have lawyers telling me nowadays that they should have chosen a career as a welder. These programs and others at EWC are teaching the essential skills that will help many Americans move into higher-paying jobs. Thanks to EWC welding instructors Stan Nicholls, Joel Alworth, Tim Anderson and Lynn Bedient, and the students, for taking the time to show Diana and I around the welding program and show us what projects they are working on. #WyoWorks
Thanks to Sage Truck Driving Schools in Cheyenne for showing me how they train about 150 students a year to become truck drivers. With an almost 100% job placement rate after graduation, Sage students are gaining the skills needed to move into a important career that helps keep America running.  #WyoWorks
 According to a key driver of U.S. economic growth, small businesses rank taxes and red tape highest among their list of concerns.  Senator Grassley's latest commentary discusses how America’s founders intended the levers of government to be limited, rooted in the rule of law, not overruling the republic of free people.  Big government restricts individual freedoms, redistributes wealth and undermines personal responsibility.    Read it here:
UNI beats Evansville 3/0 match
UNI ovr Evansville 25/12 second set
UNI volley ball over Evansville in set one 25/19
This morning, nearly 30 Lyon County area residents joined me at PrairieLand Partners in Emporia. The important issues discussed included education, rural broadband, health care, Ebola and the ISIS threat. We also shared an update on the progress of restoring Reading's post office. Thanks to PrairieLand Partners' Paul du Toit for hosting the meeting. Here, I'm pictured with Lyon County Commissioner Scott Briggs and State Senator Jeff Longbine.
This sunrise was worth getting up early for.   I encourage Lyon County area residents to attend my Kansas Listening Tour Stop at PrairieLand Partners in Emporia at 8:30 a.m.
Tonight, Robba and I attended the KidsTLC United for Kids Gala in Overland Park. It was great to see so many community members in attendance to help support the KidsTLC mission of transforming lives of children and families in the community. In September, I had the opportunity to visit their center and learn more about the psychiatric, behavioral and autism services KidsTLC provides to children and their families. A special thank you to all the sponsors and individuals who support KidsTLC and make a difference one person at a time. Thanks to KidsTLC CEO Gordon Docking for his hospitality and to Special Events and Fundraising Manager Shannon Moriarty for coordinating our attendance. Here, I'm pictured with David Cook of the University of Kansas Edwards Campus and Lenexa Mayor Mike Boehm.
It’s just about six years to the day that terrible injustice was imposed on a great man, a great Alaskan man, Senator Ted Stevens. I appreciate the work that Rob Cary has done with his book "Not Guilty: The Unlawful Prosecution of U.S. Senator Ted Stevens" in outlining what happened with Senator Stevens and the injustice that befell him. It’s through this awareness that not only we understand what happened with Senator Stevens’ case, but more importantly we can ensure that no person, whether a United States Senator or a man on the street, feels that their system of justice is so wrongly and unfairly applied.
In case you missed it- I joined Wolf Blitzer on CNN's 'The Situation Room' to discuss my visit to Ferguson and ideas of reform for our broken criminal justice system.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhjnyKJsB3I
