TUNE IN: Senator Corker will discuss the conflict in Syria, the crisis in Egypt and the NSA tomorrow morning on Fox News Sunday. For local listings, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Click "Like" and "Share" to help us wish Senator Corker a very happy birthday!
An absolute shame. Acts of violence against the First Amendment right to free exercise of religion should never be tolerated.
I’ll be following up with NSA IG on latest news of willful violations of some NSA authorities. If willful, there needs 2 B consequences
Touring the Rock Island Arsenal Joint Manufacturing and Technology Center Monday. Eager for a manufacturing progress update. #QuadCities 
 
 http://bit.ly/15eMDPD
I have been working against gang violence for more than a decade. #Illinois needs #ATF anti-gang coordinator now.
This morning I joined Fort Hays State University (FHSU) faculty, staff, students and alumni to dedicate the new Schmidt-Bickle Indoor Training Facility. The 50,400-square foot facility will be used year-round by all athletic programs at FHSU. It houses a 65-yard multi-sport practice field; batting cages; 70-yard, three-lane synthetic track and jump pits; a 5,000-square foot state-of-the-art weight room; and a team meeting room.  Don and Chris Bickle and Bob and Pat Schmidt, as well as the the long list of donors whose contributions funded this project are to be commended. Congrats to FHSU President Dr. Hammond and his administration, the FHSU Foundation President/CEO Tim Chapman, and FHSU Athletic Director Curtis Hammeke and the athletics department on a job well done.
This afternoon I participated in the Alaska’s Command’s (ALCOM) Arctic Speaker Series helping Alaska’s military leaders improve their knowledge and understanding of the Arctic. This is so important, especially as our men and women in uniform in Alaska are becoming a more vital link in our nation’s strategic defense.
Thank you to my friend Jed Yost at Jed's Barber Shop in Montezuma for a quick trim. There's no place like a small town Kansas barbershop to get sound advice and counsel on the challenges facing America.
Impressive stop with the Kansas Farm Bureau at the Jim Sipes farm southwest of Manter. They convert their entire wheat crop into certified seed wheat. Talk about value added. The Sipes family has it figured out.
Eight Mile Corner is the exact spot where KS, CO and OK meet. Cimarron Grassland Park Rangers provided a very interesting briefing of this wonderful Kansas natural resource.
In case you missed it, send me your photos from the great state of South Carolina and it might end up as my cover photo! Send photos to photo@scott.senate.gov 
 
 Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/sen-tim-scott-asks-constituents-share-images-“-our-south-carolina”-facebook-cover
 
 Here's a sample of some of the photos South Carolinians have shared so far:
