Sen. Alexander today introduced a bipartisan student loan deal that will lower interest rates for 100% of borrowers who have taken out, or will take out, a new federal student loan after July 1, 2013. Alexander said, “This long-term, market-based solution means that interest rates on all undergraduate loans—which are two-thirds of all student loans—will be 3.86 percent this year. Rates on all other student loans will also be reduced. This saves billions of dollars for the 11 million students who will borrow money to go to college this year.” Follow this link for more details on Alexander’s Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act: http://1.usa.gov/12YmksH
Senators from both parties reached an agreement today on legislation that protects students from a doubling of interest rates on new student loans.
Great to see Charles Henderson (Sandown) and Audrey Stevenson (Peterborough), who are representing New Hampshire at the National Young Leaders Conference in Washington this week.
NA
NA
I spoke on the Senate floor today about my hold on President Obama’s EPA nominee and reiterated my calls for the Obama Administration to end the bureaucratic bickering that has stalled progress on the St. Johns Bayou-New Madrid Floodway Project.
Americans need relief from high gas prices. Someone traveling across the state of Missouri could fill up with one blend of fuel in St. Louis, and a different blend of fuel in Kansas City. If one blend is in short supply, the other blend is not acceptable as a replacement – forcing consumers to pay more for gas in different locations. That’s why I’ve reintroduced the GAS Act to help reduce pain at the pump and provide more flexibility for families in Missouri and nationwide.
After much discussion and hard work, I am very pleased to announce a big victory for 100% of students & borrowers.   Click below to read
A new National Journal poll shows a majority of the country want to move the Keystone pipeline forward. We are about to convene a hearing in the EPW Committee where this would be a very important issue to discuss with President Obama's climate change officials, if they had been allowed to testify. Read this blog post to see how the President is on the wrong side of the American people on this issue.
I introduced a bill today to block the President from going around Congress to implement his national energy tax. Under my bill, the Obama Administration has to have Congressional approval before moving forward with their job-crushing tax. Thanks to Mike Enzi, Senator Lamar Alexander, Senator Rand Paul, and Senator Marco Rubio for cosponsoring the “National Energy Tax Repeal Act.”
I'll be on Foxnews' Happening Now with Jenna Lee at 12:20 pm (ET) 10:20 am (MT) to respond to the President's #Obamacare speech.
I wrote in Investor's Business Daily today about how President Obama’s Energy Tax will increase energy costs and crush jobs across the country. No President should be able to take such extreme steps on their own. It should be debated in Congress.
NA
NA
Presenting the @MilitaryAward to Coast Guard Boatswain's Mate First Class (BM1) Chase Severns, from Boise. Chase is an impressive young man.  #idpol
News Release: I opposed the President’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  Idaho business owners, farmers and ranchers feel the impact of EPA regulations daily and they should be able to expect that our government will not pursue federal policies when the benefits do not outweigh the costs.  During her nomination process, I had hoped to be convinced that Ms. McCarthy would move the agency in a different direction, but her previous actions and testimony before the EPW committee proved this would not be the case.  While I support ensuring that science, research and other tools are available to leave our air, water and soil better than we found them for future generations, layering on burdensome regulations, burying American businesses in more paperwork and imposing overwhelming penalties is not the best means to achieve this goal.
Yesterday, the U.S. House passed legislation that would delay for one year the employer and individual mandate provisions in Obamacare.  I applaud the House of Representatives’ action and hope that the U.S. Senate will follow suit.  According to a Wall Street Journal article, we are starting to see more and more businesses shift hiring practices toward an increase in part-time workers to avoid incurring higher health care costs.  For the entire U.S. workforce, employers have added far more part-time employees in 2013—averaging 93,000 a month, seasonally adjusted—than full-time workers, which have averaged 22,000. Last year the reverse was true.  Employers added 31,000 part-time workers monthly, compared to 171,000 full-time positions .  Obamacare requires employers with 50 or more full-time equivalent workers to offer insurance to employees working 30 or more hours a week or face fines.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Labor Leaders Feeling Obamacare Buyer's Remorse:
Obamacare: a lemon before it rolls off the lot #Lemoncare
Cornyn Applauds House Vote to Permanently Delay Obamacare:
Great conversation on the Gang of Eight's immigration bill, Benghazi, and more with Simon Conway earlier today.   Hope you'll listen & SHARE!
A confirmation day conversion from UN nominee Samantha Power? Does she really believe "America is the greatest country on earth" or are we still “a colossus that bestrides the earth?”
Just cast my vote against Thomas Perez for Secretary of Labor.
Mr. President, if Obamacare is "working the way it's supposed to," you've made a pretty strong case for fully defunding it.
Proud of the efforts of Governor Perry, the Texas legislature, and the thousands of Texans who got involved in the legislative process to speak up for the unborn. 
 
 Because of your efforts, HB 2 has been signed by the Governor -- an important step that will strengthen protections of innocent, unborn life and improve the safety and health of Texas women
Today I also voted against the confirmation of Gina McCarthy to be the Administrator to the EPA. She has played an active role in pushing regulations that target coal and other traditional forms of energy. The EPA is a weapon this Administration uses to advance policies it can’t get through Congress. The president’s energy agenda is an attack on Wyoming industry and workers. It will result in higher energy bills for our families.
Today I voted against the confirmation of Tom Perez to serve as the Secretary of Labor. Wyoming is a right-to-work state and our state’s laws are not up for debate. Since his nomination by President Obama, I have had concerns about his ability to fairly represent the interests of both businesses and labor unions. When I asked Mr. Perez about mine safety rules that would negatively impact Wyoming, his inadequate responses only reinforced my concerns about this confirmation.
Great to discuss ag policy with Nebraska FFA members from the Gothenburg and Sargent chapters in the Capitol today.
Congrats to Jack Hoffman and Team Jack on the big win last night at the EPSY Awards for "Best Moment!" Jack's TD run and courageous fight continue to touch America's hearts. #TeamJack
Grassley Speaks on Senate Floor about Nomination of Tom Perez
We are Americans first. We are Republicans, Democrats, Independents second. Thank you No Labels! #FixNotFight #MakeGovWork #ProblemSolvers
“This is a big step forward for the farm bill. The Senate has agreed to go to conference; now we just need the House to join us to get it done.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=58ee30ab-c797-40e4-bbae-f877bbf57651
Today I enjoyed speaking with Austen Larson, Megan Perius, and Garrick Voight.  These talented high school students were nominated by their teachers to represent North Dakota at the  National Young Leaders Conference held each year in Washington, D.C.  Learn more about this program: http://www.cylc.org/nylc/
Today the Environment and Public Works (EPW) Committee held a hearing on Climate Change. Click here to read my opening statement where I discuss the latest science that is continuing to put a hole in alarmists' global warming theory:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-at-epw-hearing-on-climate-change-its-happening-now
From The Hill:  “General Dempsey, at what point will you advise [Obama] that the defense cuts imposed will result in the dire scenario you laid out before our committee in February that ‘if ever the force is so degraded and so unready, and then we’re asked to use it, it would be immoral,” said Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.), the top Republican on the committee.  “When will the commander-in-chief be at the point of making immoral decisions?” Inhofe later asked Dempsey and Vice Adm. James Winnefeld.  “If the nation is threatened, we’ll go,” Dempsey said. “That’s the point: We’ll go, and we may not be ready to go.”  http://thehill.com/blogs/defcon-hill/budget-appropriations/311965-sequestration-looms-large-over-dempsey-confirmation-hearing#ixzz2ZPSeV7SU  Follow us: @thehill on Twitter | TheHill on Facebook
At every level of government we must do all we can to keep our communities safe, prevent senseless tragedies and save lives. #Illinois #Chicago http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=814 
 
 Share and comment if you agree.
My bill, part of No Labels  #bipartisan Make Government Work initiative, targets inefficient programs and cuts waste. Read about it here: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=816 
 
 Please share and comment below.
Best wishes to Nelson Mandela, one of the greatest inspirational leaders of our time, on his 95th birthday.
Thank you U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski  for helping combat gangs like the #GangsterDisciples who are responsible for #HadiyaPendleton's death http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=814
"Anyone showing this type of willful disregard for the law and ambivalence toward America’s essential principles of democracy should not be considered for a top post in any administration."
Hiking and horseback riding at Weaver's Needle in Arizona's Superstition Mountains circa 1990 #ThrowBackThursday
“In other words, if you’re a family in Covington facing a $2,100 premium increase under #Obamacare, then, really, what would you rather have: a check for $100 or so, or a way to avoid the $2,100 premium increase in the first place? I think the answer’s obvious. And I think most Kentuckians would agree that this is just another sad attempt by the Administration to spin them into wanting a law they don’t.
Today, the Fiscal Year 2014 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill was approved with bipartisan support by the Senate Appropriations Committee. The bill includes $404 million for construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF), an amount equal to the U.S. House of Representatives approved appropriations bill and a critical step forward for the lab under construction in Manhattan, Kan.  This bill is good news for Kansas and for the country: it means we’re on the way to constructing a modern, world-class facility — a vital component to protect Americans against biological threats. A great aspect for Kansas is that NBAF’s construction is yet another opportunity to develop our state as a research epicenter, ultimately creating jobs for Kansans in the fields of engineering, science and technology.
The European Union’s decision to prohibit member countries from cooperating with or providing funding to Israeli organizations located in eastern Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Golan Heights harms the peace process. Moreover, the EU directive seeks to dictate borders that are indefensible and discriminates against hundreds of thousands of Israelis, including many living in Israel’s capital, Jerusalem. I join those calling on the EU to reverse this decision.
After Senate Democrats ignored this issue, tonight the House acted to protect American individuals, families and businesses from the cost and complication of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) by passing two bills to delay both the individual and employer ACA mandates. Even President Obama has acted to temporarily spare small-businesses from the swarm of regulations, taxes, and headaches that accompany compliance with this misguided law.  The House’s actions are a step in the right direction, but we’re not out of the woods yet. The problem continues to be the entire Affordable Care Act. President Obama and Senate Democrats ought to reconsider delaying the individual mandate and stop forcing Americans to pay the price of ObamaCare-driven dysfunction.
I welcome my colleagues Senators Rand Paul and Ted Cruz joining me to co-sponsor the bipartisan Military Justice Improvement Act and building more momentum to protect military sexual assault victims by reforming the military justice system.  As the bill’s sponsor says: This is not a Republican idea or a Democratic idea.  This is a good idea.
Last night about 200 people packed the Westmark in Fairbanks to speak out about the Air Force proposal to move the Eielson F-16s to Anchorage.  I called in from DC to talk about the detrimental effects on both communities and about how the Air Force is talking out of both sides of its mouth.  Tonight- North Pole will have a chance to weigh in, and if you can't attend in person, you can comment online at www.keepthef16s.com
I’m looking forward to testifying against the USAF’s backdoor BRAC attempt of Eielson AFB tonight, and about how it will harm both communities involved.  The Fairbanks economy will suffer and will make Anchorage’s real estate inflation spiral worse, as Bill Popp of the Anchorage Economic Development Corportion shared with the Air Force.  Bottom line: this cost-cutting idea costs an extra $5 million the first year alone, it hurts our state’s two biggest economics and undercuts our military readiness.  I hope many Fairbanksans will come out and help make this case with me tonight.
Your Tax Dollars...Down the Drain: New audit by State Department Inspector General discovered that the Department spent $630,000 persuading 2 million people to “like” its Facebook.
Obamacare is a burden on business and hurts job creation. Let’s also delay the law for individuals and families. #TrainWreck
By nominating Gina McCarthy to serve at the helm of President Obama's overreaching EPA, he has essentially promoted his lieutenant in the war on coal to be commanding general. The President's war on coal is a war on Kentucky jobs and I will fight him every step of the way.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=893
In case you missed it: yesterday at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, I questioned Samantha Power, President Obama's nominee to be the US Ambassador to the United Nations.   Click below to watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpP_DP0l-fM&feature=c4-overview&list=UUeM9I-20oWUs8daIIpsNHoQ
I would like to thank Judge Napolitano for speaking at my Summer Intern Lecture Series earlier this afternoon.
Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chief of Staff, said during congressional testimony that he has provided President Barack Obama with options for the use of force in Syria. I would like to remind President Obama that this deliberation must include a vote in Congress.  http://news.yahoo.com/dempsey-says-us-considering-force-syria-145636712.html?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter
For the past year I have asked for justice for Pakistan's heroic Malala: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2NS8HbVAM-4
Just joined Jerry Moran for a radio conference to talk about NBAF funding in the Senate Approps bill passed in committee today.
Rubio To Obama: ObamaCare Has Already Failed, Implementation Must Be Defunded: http://1.usa.gov/1avlfxU
Sessions is speaking this afternoon at the 20th Annual Eagle Forum Collegians Leadership Summit at the Heritage Foundation. He will deliver remarks on how the GOP needs to fight the Senate immigration bill and broaden its appeal to working Americans.
Excerpt from Sessions' post in National Review's "The Corner":  "Politico reported this week that 'Big Business, Senate Republicans and Democrats backing immigration reform have a target in their crosshairs: House Republicans.'  Why is the business lobby so eager to pass the Senate bill? Is it because they believe its large influx of low-skill workers will increase wages or reduce them? The question answers itself.  Polls show the GOP lost the last election because we failed to connect with lower-income Americans… So the GOP needs to do some soul-searching."
I voted 'no' on the confirmation of Thomas Perez to be Secretary of Labor. I have great concerns regarding some of the decisions he has made, the professionalism and ethics of those decisions, and his overall management abilities – which the DOJ Inspector General reported as leading to a ‘politically charged atmosphere’ and ‘dysfunctional management chain.’  Read my full statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-statement-perez-nomination
Pittsburgh was and continues to be home to many of our Nation’s greatest mustachioed men. Whether it be former Super Bowl winning Coach Bill Cowher or current all-star closer Jason Grilli, Pittsburgh has certainly seen its fair share of individuals that succeed due to hard work, ability and intimidating facial hair.   With this in mind, it only seems fitting that Pittsburgh be the home of the American Mustache Institute.
No group is more deserving of our admiration than our veterans, and I'm glad the Department of Veterans Affairs has recognized Opportunity House's efforts. Congratulations!
Inspiring: Pittsburgh's Denise Zellous works with homeless women in transition. She's also the adoptive mother of five. Congratulations again on being recognized with the Jefferson Awards for Public Service.
Union presidents have written that the president's health care law "will destroy the very health and well-being of . . . Americans." I agree. What do you think?
