Boise State football kicks off tonight. Are you ready? Go Broncos!
KWTX Waco: Abbott, Cornyn Attend WestFest:
Post the questions you have for POTUS on his request for a congressional authorization to use military force in Syria.
President Obama's proposed congressional authorization for the use of military force in Syria
A GREAT BIG UPSET. PANTHERS beat Cyclones 28/20)
UNI scores TD leads ISU 28/20
ISU SCORED FG. UNI LEADS 21/20
ISU SCORES FG.  UNI lead 21/17
ISU SCORED.  UNI21/14
UNI  scores.  Leads ISU 21/7
UNI 7 ISU o after 9min of game
UnI scores leads ISU 14/7
Now 7/7 tie UNI / ISU
Back by DEMAND.   ready to report UNI v ISU FOOTBALL.  NOT VOLLEYBALL.  VB next Wed.Unless Reid  calls Senate  back
Setting up in Tulsa to talk with Chris Wallace on FOX News Sunday about Syria. Tune in at 8AM Central on your local FOX affiliate.
I am pleased president Obama has chosen to seek congressional authorization before proceeding with military action in #Syria.  Although I have yet to hear a persuasive argument that intervention in Syria is necessary to protect U.S. national security, today's decision will give the President the chance to make that case to Congress and to the American people.
Congress will soon use its Constitutionally-vested power to debate and vote on whether to intervene in Syria. America cannot afford another conflict that taxes our resources without achieving goals that advance American interests, and I will not support authorizing military action against Syria at this time.
Very sorry to see the loss of Pepe’s restaurant in Barrow. I've had many cups of coffee and dinners there with the Barrow residents, along with cabinet members and other visiting dignitaries. Lots of stories from Pepe’s have been shared over the years, and I can honestly say it’s become well-known on Capitol Hill for its tasty cuisine and warm environment. My heart goes out to Fran Tate and her family who have worked so hard to build this iconic business at the Top of the World.
So many Alaskans have been thinking and asking about the troubling recent events in Syria. After today's remarks by President Obama, I sat down and thought about where we are, what we heard and what I think.  I share the deep concerns of many Alaskans and Americans about Syria's use of internationally-prohibited chemical weapons against its own citizens. Given the incredible stakes at play globally, early today I was hoping to hear a clear plan from the President for our nation and our allies to send a signal to Syria and other nations that may consider similar acts.  But I heard inconsistencies instead: an urgent situation without a firm timetable; a targeted strike with no clear outcomes or goals sought; a President certain of his decision yet seeking a Congressional vote next month. In short: instead of conviction, we heard equivocation.  After the past decade, I am extremely wary of asking any more of our military men and women who already serve bravely and selflessly. However, I will not hesitate to call upon them when a need arises with a responsible, comprehensive plan mapped out.  I did appreciate the administration saying it wants to balance the urgency of the situation with the Constitutional process. However, if the President wants Congress to act, he should call us back now to engage in a vigorous debate about what smart next steps would be.
I will be on Meet the Press this morning after Senator Kerry to discuss Syria.
My thoughts on Syria: While I recognize the horror of citizens and their children being murdered by their own government, whether by poison gas or by bombs and bullets, it is clear we have no meaningful coalition of allies, nor detailed plan of action nor clear picture of our objective. I am especially troubled, based on today's briefing, that the president wants open-ended authority. That doesn't square with his highly publicized statement for limited action. That is yet another reason I cannot support the president's request. Under this lack of leadership, I am unwilling to place one single young American man or woman's life at risk. This Marine knows from experience a country never engages in an aggressive action without a clear objective, a plan of alternative actions and a clear exit strategy. It is clear to me we have none of these.
