Today in the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I had a chance to question Under Secretary Hickey on the backlog.   Click below to watch the exchange.
I'll join Jon Scott on FOX News at 11:10 am (ET) 9:10 am (MT) to preview Secretary Kerry’s meeting about Iran.
I wrote in IBDeditorials.com today on how #Obamacare disrupts the delicate relationship and bond between a patient their doctor.  The President knew of this special relationship. That's why he promised Americans they could keep their doctors. Now, the same law that’s caused millions of Americans to lose their health insurance is causing them to lose their doctors.
The House just passed the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act. The bill gives the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and U.S. Department of the Army authority to disinter ineligible veterans buried in national cemeteries who have committed a federal or state capital crime. Specifically, the legislation ensures the VA will disinter the remains of military veteran Michael L. Anderson who shot and killed Indianapolis resident Alicia Dawn Koehl on May 30 of last year. Thanks to Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks for her leadership on this issue.
Last night the chairmen of the Senate and House Budget Committees announced a budget agreement. While I look forward to reviewing the details, I am concerned that this deal may be another missed opportunity by Congress to make the tough choices needed that will secure our long-term fiscal future. I believe Congress needs to live by the budget levels it passed in 2011 or replace them with real, targeted spending reforms.
Happy 197th Birthday to our beloved Hoosier state. On this date in 1816, Indiana became 19th state admitted to the United States.
But how many health care policies have been canceled? Since enrollment started Oct. 1, 365,000 people have signed up on both the federal HealthCare.gov exchanges and the state-run exchanges.
Another victim of Obamacare — your local volunteer fire department.   Obamacare isn’t working, it is hurting millions of Americans, and it is time for a #FullRepeal.
The latest enrollment numbers confirm Obamacare has cancelled insurance for millions more Americans than it has been able to provide insurance. #MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
The Ryan-Murray budget deal is the product of a couple people and their staff sitting in a room and then presenting a take-it-or-leave-it deal right before a holiday.  If representatives and senators were to offer constructive amendments and debate spending bills in public we would get a better product. There are some good ideas in this budget, but like so many other deals, it puts off hard decisions until much later.  It charges people and states more for things, such as pensions and uses the money to increase spending in non-related areas. This plan spends more than current law.
During a Senate Finance Committee hearing today on the nomination of the next head of the Internal Revenue Service, I expressed concerns over efforts by the IRS to expand its role into tax preparation, while maintaining its role as tax collector and auditor. Government should stay out of what the private sector is already able to do. I also questioned the culture of inappropriate and excessive spending of taxpayer dollars by the agency.
Enjoyed hearing from Nebraska corn farmer Jon Holzfaster today about land and water use in ethanol production, a vital source of capital investment and jobs in our state. I appreciate the insightful comments he shared about claims surrounding the impact of farmers’ work on the environment. Nebraska farmers are excellent stewards of the land entrusted to them and take great pride in the resources that are not only their livelihoods but also their homes.
NA
Manufacturing is critical to the American economy, and its continued strength is key to putting Americans back to work. WATCH: http://bit.ly/1iXY5b5
What are your thoughts on the Ryan-Murray budget deal?  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-ryan-murray-budget-deal
Today the Obama Administration announced a new program called Farm to Fleet that would fuel U.S. Navy ships with expensive advanced biofuels. As poverty and hunger continues to expand for a U.S. population suffering from five years of this Administration’s failed economic policies, the President should concentrate on lessening the burdens and rewarding  farmers who are feeding our nation as opposed to feeding our Naval fleets. This is not about energy independence for the sake of national security but about appeasing the President's liberal base and siphoning critical funds for our military. Our country and our military could be energy independent tomorrow if the Administration would stop over-regulating our natural resources here at home. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-comments-on-new-farm-to-fleet-initiative-by-white-house
They missed the part about ‘dismantle’ and ‘something better’.
Congratulations to U.S. Attorney Zachary Fardon and lead prosecutors Jennie Levin and Bethany Biesenthal on this suburban pimp's sex-trafficking conviction. I'll keep pushing bills that give prosecutors the tools they need to go after sex traffickers and pimps like him. http://trib.in/18CpG84
Manufacturing helps drive the #Illinois economy. Senator Joe Donnelly and I sent a letter urging a Senate committee to keep American #manufacturing competitive.
This petition needs 100,000 signatures by the end of the day in order to receive an official response from the White House.  I have co-sponsored bipartisan legislation with Senator Leahy that would require the government to get a warrant to access the content of your email.  If you agree that your electronic communications shouldn't be viewed by government agencies unless they have a warrant you should sign this petition and share it with your friends.
I will be voting against the House-Senate budget deal that was recently introduced.    Rather than enacting reforms to make government more efficient, the budget deal makes more government more expensive. Sequestration is far from ideal, but at least it forced Congress get serious about excessive spending. This deal cuts into the modest gains taxpayers have won since 2011 by trading concrete spending reductions over the next two years for theoretical spending cuts a decade from now. In the meantime, the deal raises taxes on all air travellers, so that Congress can continue to ignore both waste in discretionary spending and the ticking fiscal time-bomb of our entitlement programs.  I do not envy House Republicans in their task of negotiating a budget with a Senate majority and president hostile to the very idea of having one. But the deal they have struck is not one I can support.  If there is a silver lining in this deal, it at least further confirms the need for Republicans to finally develop a comprehensive conservative reform agenda. Real reform involves not simply cutting dysfunctional programs, but fixing them so government doesn’t cost so much in the first place. And as Democrats continue to hide from those reforms at the behest of their special-interest clients, Republicans must begin to advance our ideas openly and transparently, not behind closed doors while up against artificial deadlines set by the forces of the status quo.   Tell me what you think about this budget deal in the comments.
My mobile office is a great way to keep in touch with my staff.  If you need help with a federal agency, if you want to learn more about internships at my office, or if you just want to come by and share your ideas, visiting my mobile office is a good first step.  Today my mobile office will be in Murray and Sandy.  You can find the details here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/11/december-2013-mobile-office-schedule
#KansasCommonSense: Kansas Listening Tour continues in Jefferson and Jackson Counties, insisting on accountability from the Administration on Obamacare costs, fourth anniversary of Alan Gross’ arrest in Cuba, visiting Shawnee Mission West High School, and more.
I am encouraged by the bipartisan budget deal announced by House and Senate leaders and am reviewing the details to make sure it doesn’t disproportionately impact Alaskans. We clearly must avoid another government shutdown, because what happened in October with the shutdown was harmful to our state and to the entire nation.  This is not a perfect deal by any stretch and it is not a done deal, but it would avoid a shutdown, keep us on the path of decreased spending and help avoid some deep cuts to the defense budget without raising taxes.  One shortfall of this plan is that it doesn’t deal with mandatory spending or tax reform.  So, we have a lot of work to do, but this is a step away from governing by crisis and towards getting government out of the way of economic progress.
Earlier today I met with Nagmeh Abedini, the wife of Saeed Abedini. Pastor Abedini is imprisoned right now in Iran. I stand with Nagmeh in her efforts to free her husband and bring him back home.
In the Ryan-Murray budget "deal" you will now have to pay more for THIS:
There is a recurring theme in Washington budget negotiations. It's I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today. I think it's a huge mistake to trade sequester cuts now, for the promise of cuts later.  READ, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1052
The Ryan-Murray budget deal falls far short of what is needed to address the nation’s fiscal challenges. It will not have any significant impact on the national debt, and, in fact, increases federal spending for the next two years. I intend to vote against it on the Senate Floor.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=c3290aae-578f-4eea-ade4-9eb876ebfbe2
My full statement at the Finance hearing today with the IRS Commissioner nominee. I told him the FAIR tax might be a way to get the IRS out of politics.
Senator Rubio: Budget Deal Threatens To Open Spending Floodgates: http://1.usa.gov/1iXtYRh  Rubio: “We need a government that creates less debt. We need an economy that’s creating more stable, middle-class jobs. And there are government policies that will further that. This budget does not do that.”
Obama Administration Official: Iran Wants Sanctions Relief In Exchange For No Irreversible Measures To Its Nuclear Program: http://1.usa.gov/1dqvNiB
NA
While healthcare premium hikes are deservedly getting a lot of negative attention, soaring deductibles are making out-of-pocket costs so high that some consumers will see little benefit from their expensive insurance.    Obamacare is a failed policy—it's time to repeal and replace!
Thank you to Austin Bond for this week's cover photo--a bald eagle in Murrells Inlet.  This is our South Carolina.
Joining Pope Francis and praying for the safety of nuns and others taken from their monastery by militants in #Syria.
Terrific win for the Philadelphia Eagles last weekend in the "Snow Bowl."  Check out this week's cover of Sports Illustrated | SI.com, which features Eagles QB Nick Foles and Guard Todd Herremans.
The National Flood Insurance Program should—and can be—self-sustainable. But to implement Biggert-Waters as is would be economically foolish, and wholly unfair to the 5.5 million policyholders who depend on it to work well. They deserve a fair opportunity to get this right.
NA
