Funny take by Jimmy Fallon and Mitt Romney on if President Obama will address concerns about the federal government's privacy violations and Obamacare's colossal failures in #SOTU address.   Watch and share!
Encouraged to see Nebraskans come together in Lincoln today for the Walk for Life. They are making their voices heard and taking a stand for the lives of the unborn. I am proud to stand for life in the Senate.
UNI women beard Bradley by 15 pts
Today, I held another Kansas Listening Tour stop in Cheney. More than 75 folks stopped by to discuss executive branch overreach, veteran and military issues, over burdensome regulations, and the need for Republicans and Democrats to work together. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas Common Sense. Here, I'm pictured with Cheney native and American Legion member Alan Nye.
On behalf of a grateful state, thank you and congratulations to the AmeriCorps members who graduated today after completing their one-year term of service in Alaska!
We need to encourage energy efficiency technologies in all sectors of our economy, while also fostering job creation. 
Tomorrow morning, I will appear on CNN's State of the Union at 9 a.m. Eastern time and NBC's Meet the Press. Tune in if you can!
Senator Rubio Concludes Official Week-Long Visit To Asia: http://1.usa.gov/1e5vYT9
 
 “My experiences touring Japan, the Philippines and South Korea have left a lasting impression, and I’d like to thank the people and governments of these countries for graciously hosting me,” Rubio said. “The opportunity to visit our embassies and service men and women was a reminder of their selfless commitment that nurtures and protects America’s relationships with allies around the world.
  
 “A strong, constructive alliance with Asia is critical to promoting economic prosperity, liberty and freedom worldwide, so that one day, democracy and free enterprise will eclipse the oppression and injustices that plague this world,” Rubio added. “This shared priority is vital to both the economic growth and security of America, and the future of humanity as a whole.”
 
 Pictured here: Rubio meets with South Korean President Park Geun-hye to discuss economic and security concerns at the presidential Blue House (Photo credit is given to The Blue House).
Senator Rubio Meets With Human Rights Activists In South Korea: http://1.usa.gov/1hWO7De
 
 “Being raised in and representing a community of Cuban exiles, I have friends, constituents and visitors to my office who know what oppression is because of their experiences as political prisoners in Castro’s gulags,” said Rubio. “Hearing firsthand accounts of the human rights violations that occur in North Korea affected me on a personal level.
  
 “Shin Dong-hyuk’s story was especially impactful, as it reveals to the world how the North Korean regime not only tries to break individuals’ spirits but also destroys families with its cruel tactics,” Rubio added. “Kim Jong-un’s complete disregard for human rights and people’s dignity is unacceptable, and a shameful inheritance from his father and grandfather.
  
 “As democratic nations, we have a moral responsibility to forge lasting and meaningful relationships, bound by values of individual liberty and peace, that put ending such atrocities at the top of our shared agenda,” Rubio said.
 
 Pictured here: Rubio visited with Shin Dong-hyuk, a human rights activist who is the only known person to have been born in a North Korean prison camp, spent his entire life imprisoned, escaped and lived to tell the story. He was born in 1982 and escaped in 2005.
I support the Supreme Court's decision to prevent the Obama Administration from enforcing the contraceptive mandate while ongoing litigation over this matter is considered.   The Court was right to provide relief from the misguided mandate which infringes on the First Amendment and religious freedom.    I hope the justices will conclude that this provision is unconstitutional.
