Earlier today, Sen. Alexander spoke at the Nashville Rotary Club and made the following remarks concerning Syria: “The President has asked Congress to authorize a limited military strike in Syria. I will vote ‘no’ because of too much uncertainty about what comes next. After step A, what will be steps B, C, D and E?  I see too much risk that the strike will do more harm than good by setting off a chain of consequences that could involve American fighting men and women in another long-term Middle East conflict. There should be other ways, more appropriate to America’s vital national security interests, to discourage and show our disgust with the Syrian government’s apparent use of chemical weapons on its own people.” http://1.usa.gov/19Bnyim
NA
NA
After careful consideration, I will vote no on Syria. Read my full statement by clicking the link below.
Last week’s column in the Reflector was misleading and a dishonest analysis of the true impact of #Obamacare.   I penned a response which was featured in yesterday’s newspaper. Click below to read.
NA
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: Many of you have been contacting me about the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and its monitoring of up to 900 million credit card accounts.  These reports are a cause of concern for me, and should be for those Idahoans and all Americans whose financial and credit data is sent to the Bureau each month.  The Dodd-Frank Act, which I did not support, established the CFPB with little oversight from Congress and I believe structural changes to the CFPB are essential.  The size and scope of CFPB’s data collection on personal financial accounts warrant proper government oversight, which is why I requested, and the Government Accountability Office agreed to conduct, an investigation into the CFPB’s massive data collection.  Ultimately, the CFPB’s structure must be revised to fit the models of traditional departments and agencies to increase transparency and accountability to the American people it was designed to protect.
FACT: With less than a month until implementation of Obamacare begins, many businesses are still unsure what their responsibilities are under the law.
 
 #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
I think a military attack on #Syria is a mistake. Watch and SHARE why:
I have not seen a proposal for U.S. military action in Syria that I support and I plan to vote “no” if given the opportunity. President Obama painted himself in a corner with his “red line” comments and now he is trying to transfer ownership to Congress. It’s unfortunate that he has put our country in this position, but it’s a no sale for me. We shouldn't use our military to intervene in the conflict without specific, definable and achievable U.S. policy and strategic objectives.
Hundreds of employers have cut jobs or slashed their employees’ hours in order to prepare for ObamaCare’s high costs.
In case you missed it: Sen. John Barrasso points to flaws in #ObamaCare in weekly GOP address.
#GreatLakes Week starts today. We must focus our efforts to protect one of the world’s greatest treasures. 
 
 More: http://1.usa.gov/15eHoQy
After 55 years on the air #Chicago will miss its radio legend Don Wade, my good friend. My prayers are with Roma & his family at WLS-AM 890
Before flying back to Washington D.C. this morning, I stopped by Turner House Children's Clinic in Kansas City, Kansas. In 2012, the clinic earned national recognition as a Patient-Centered Medical Home by the National Council of Quality Assurance. The quality of care provided by the medical home is paying off through positive outcomes for kids in KCK. Thanks to Executive Director Janet Burton for taking time to share the good things Turner House is making happen in Kansas.
I recently announced the members of my 2013 Kansas Service Academy Selection Board. The 20-member board will review the 75 applications for nomination my office received and interview candidates who are applying for admission to U.S. Service Academies. Our country is fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country through the Armed Forces. I’m certain the Selection Board will have a challenging time narrowing the field of qualified candidates, but I value their insight and thank them for their service.
Today, the 9th day of the 9th month, is Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder day – a tremendous concern to Alaskans.  Please join me in raising awareness throughout our state that no amount of alcohol is safe during pregnancy.
Proud to have support of Ohio Manufacturers' Association & Ohio Advanced Energy Economy for "cost-effective energy efficiency" bill.
Today, I issued a Dear Colleague letter urging my colleagues in both chambers to vote against U.S. intervention in the Syrian civil war. Read the letter here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=953
In case you missed it:  Yesterday, I appeared on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace to discuss Syria.  Watch below:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kO1IklqCo_Y
August 26, 2013
Thanks to John Jacobs of Lexington for this week's cover photo-- a pond in Graniteville.  This is our South Carolina.
Come to one of our info sessions to learn more!  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott%E2%80%99s-office-host-service-academy-workshops
I just learned the Commissioning of the USS Somerset (LPD 25) is set for March 1st at Penn's Landing in Philly.
NA
NA
I had the privilege to award the Bronze Star Medal to Bruce O'Neal, an 87-year-old WWII veteran from Hernando, Miss. http://bit.ly/17T6FlQ
Wicker Report | At this pivotal hour, the prospect of military action in Syria raises serious questions about the Obama Administration’s goals for U.S. involvement in the Middle East.  I am not alone in asking whether a limited military strike would truly advance the possibility of a negotiated peace settlement and an end to Assad’s violent and tyrannical rule.  Like the many Mississippians who have contacted my office in recent days, I am concerned that misguided tactics could have a profound impact on U.S. interests.
