NA
NA
Navy veteran receives Armed Services Expeditionary Forces Medal in ceremony at Ayotte’s Nashua office
Missourians and job creators nationwide are burdened with too many confusing, inefficient, and duplicative government regulations that continue to stifle economic growth. I introduced a bipartisan bill today to streamline regulatory burdens and help job creators, entrepreneurs, and innovators grow and hire more people. Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/16hyWzM
NA
PHOTO: I recently had the opportunity to visit with Idaho representatives from the American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation and American Legion Boys Nation.  I enjoyed talking with these student leaders about their experiences in the program and reminiscing about my time at Boys State.  Glad Kitanna, Ashton, Michael and Joshua stopped by my office!
According to a new CBS News poll, more Americans than ever want Obamacare repealed.  Thirty-six percent of Americans want Congress to expand or keep the health care law while 39 percent want Congress to repeal it. The poll also found a majority of Americans -54 percent - disapprove of the health care law, while 36 percent of Americans view it favorably and 10 percent said they are unsure. This poll should serve as a call to the president and those in Congress who passed the health care law to repeal and replace it with policies that expand coverage and decrease costs, not raise premiums and force employers to cut back on full-time employees.
I talked with @Joetalkshow ‘Pags’ about the most effective way to defund Obamacare.  You can listen here:
Cornyn Praises Defense Budget Cutting Funds for Russian Arms Firm Supplying Assad:
Coming up at 5:33 CT, hear my interview with @Joetalkshow ‘Pags’ about the most effective way to defund Obamacare:
"For Republicans, any tax increase is a non-starter. 'That kills it,' Cornyn said. 'We're not going to do that.'"
Looking forward to a discussion on defunding Obamacare with United States Senator Mike Lee and Senator Marco Rubio on the Senate floor around 2:30 PM CT.  SHARE the news and watch here:
Great conversation at the Heritage Blogger Briefing on how we can win the fight to defund Obamacare if the grassroots get motivated.  If there is ever a time to defeat Obamacare, it is now.
The House should take advantage of this opportunity by passing a bill that funds the government, but doesn't provide a penny to funding Obamacare.
Today I voted against the president’s National Labor Relations Board nominees Nancy Schiffer and Kent Hirozawa. These nominations were not only rushed through committee to the floor for a vote without properly answering questions by senators, but are part of a questionable deal with the majority to replace illegally appointed nominees to the board. I also voted against Mark Gaston Pearce. His aggressive leadership of the board has gone beyond what the board was created for.
Federal red tape and lawsuits are two of the biggest job killers our businesses face today. Senator Barrasso and I joined Senators Portman, McCaskill, and Donnelly today to introduce a bill that is designed to streamline and improve the federal permitting process. This bill would restrict environmental groups to a more reasonable deadline if they plan to bring a lawsuit against a project under the National Environmental Policy Act, among other improvements. The bill would also permit courts to consider potential job loss in weighing whether or not to stop a project.
Today, the Senate Armed Services Committee held a confirmation hearing of Admiral Cecil D. Haney as the President’s nominee to be the next commander of the U.S. Strategic Command. Among other important issues brought up to Admiral Haney related to U.S. nuclear deterrence and defense readiness, I discussed with him the value of the construction of the new command and control center at Offutt Air Force Base to STRATCOM’s overall missions.
Congratulation to Waterloo Iowa for reopening and improving BrownDerbyBallroom after 40yrs It brings  back memories to me.
I don’t trust the IRS or the NSA, and I certainly don’t trust the federal government to manage nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain. Watch: http://bit.ly/15u3zkt
Setting the record straight on the benefits of the Keystone XL Pipeline. It will create jobs and lower gas prices. Click the link for more information.
Had a great meeting today with Oxbow native Erin Sidwell.  Erin has been representing North Dakota well this summer while working with the Library of Congress Junior Fellows Summer Intern program.
Oklahoma Attorney General E. Scott Pruitt is scheduled to testify tomorrow at a House Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee hearing on the IRS's legal basis for expanding ObamaCare's taxes and subsidies. Rep. James Lankford will chair the hearing and I look forward to seeing AG Pruitt continue his efforts in the fight against ObamaCare.   For more information: http://1.usa.gov/131bEKg
My bill with Senator Ron Wyden & Senator Rob Portman protects vulnerable kids from pimps like the 150 arrested by the #FBI http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=767
My remarks on Col. Bud Day on the floor this afternoon:
Senator Mitch McConnell & Senator Rand Paul team up for school choice event today. Watch clip from @WHAS11 here: http://youtu.be/XVjQKv1nKGQ  #Kentucky
Wichita, Kansas, was recently named one of the top military friendly cities in the U.S. according to MilitaryFriendly.com. Their study takes into account the number of job openings, school campuses and registered veteran-owned businesses, as well as the cost of living and the local unemployment rate. Wichita is home to thousands of individuals with ties to the military, and I’m pleased to see the community is being recognized for supporting our brave soldiers and veterans.
Today my staff in Anchorage said farewell to Major General Michael Garrett who passed command of U.S. Army Alaska to Major General Michael Shields.  Maj. Gen Shields is no stranger to Alaska, as he led Ft. Wainwright's Stryker Brigade in Iraq from 2004 to 2006.  Alaska has the best and most prepared soldiers in the country and I know they will continue to be in great hands with their new commander.  Please join me in wishing Maj. Gen. Garrett well as he becomes chief of staff for the U.S. Central Command at MacDill AFB in Florida.
Eielson AFB and its F-16s are essential to our nation’s defense, especially given Alaska’s location overlooking the Pentagon’s new focus: the Pacific.   I’m glad the Defense Approps Subcommittee approved defunding a transfer for the next fiscal year.  The Pentagon has admitted that the ‘cost-cutting’ proposal to move the F-16s will cost taxpayers $5 million extra in the first year alone.  And now we are seeing mixed signals, with General Carlisle saying Eielson is in the running to house the new F-35s.  If Eielson is so ideal for the F-35s, why think about transferring the F-16s?  I asked that today:
Happy Alaska National Guard Day! Please join me in taking a moment today to thank our brave Alaska National guardsmen who so tirelessly serve our state both home and abroad.
George Brown from our Cleveland office was in the Valley today as they announced more flights into and out of Youngstown-Warren Regional Airport!
Check out my POLITICO op-ed with Sen. Jeanne Shaheen on the need for energy efficiency. It makes good energy & economic sense.
While Detroit decays and descends in bankruptcy, the President continues to send American tax dollars overseas to countries that burn our flag.   Instead of illegally sending that money to Egypt, we are better off spending that money at home, and tomorrow the Senate will vote on my amendment that would do just that.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=910
In case you missed it, I just appeared on CNN's The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer.  Watch my two part interview here:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkF5S_DPy9w   and here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj74w822g1A
This morning, I joined Sens. McConnell, Alexander and Scott in hosting "Success for Our Children: A Forum on School Choice."  The panels consisted of parents and students from Washington, D.C.’s top performing charter and private schools, as well as local school choice advocates.
 
 ‘Success for Our Children’ forum focused on raising standards, adding competition and strengthening our nation’s education system – a system that is broken. By nurturing the ideals of choice and individual freedom, we can find education solutions that direct our children toward success.
Last night, I appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity to explain that ignoring the Bill of Rights is what is truly dangerous. Watch, like and share if you agree.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAy67qQXcdA
Rubio: This Is Our Last Best Chance To Stop ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/16AHPlZ VIDEO: http://bit.ly/1cbEPTn  Rubio: “[I]f we pass a budget in September that funds ObamaCare, you did not do everything you could. You paid for this. You doubled down on it in ways that will have irreparable harm to our economy and to our country. This is our last best chance.”
Rubio: We Cannot Double Down On Bad Ideas Like ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/15tIxCw   Rubio: “What does work is a government that’s focused on making America the best place in the world to start a business or grow an existing one because that’s what creates jobs and middle class prosperity. And ObamaCare goes to the heart of that. It undermines that. It makes it harder and more expensive to hire more people, to start businesses, to grow existing ones.”
Great to join Senator Paul's school choice forum this morning. As someone who grew up in poverty in a single parent household, I know firsthand that education is the key to a successful future. Let's make sure all of our kids have that opportunity.
NA
July 27, 2013
Last week, the The Lancaster Chamber of Commerce & Industry  was named the Chamber of the Year by the American Chamber of Commerce Executives for the 2nd time in 10 years.  Congratulations to all of the members and staff of the Lancaster Chamber on all the hard work and this great award.
On President Obama's tax hike plan: Unfortunately, this administration never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity to grow our economy.
Pleased that the Senate has unanimously passed my bipartisan resolution with Senator Sherrod Brown and Senator Rob Portman to honor the Battle of Lake Erie's 200th anniversary. "We have met the enemy and they are ours."
Scranton's What The FORK Truck advances on LIVE with Kelly and Michael's Trucking Amazing Cook off. One step closer to winning $20,000. Good luck!
Unbelievable: From 2008-2012, the U.S. Department of Agriculture paid $30M in subsidies to farmers who aren't farming - because they're deceased:
Senator Wicker will be on Fox Business tonight with Lou Dobbs at 6pm CT to discuss Obama's so-called "Grand Bargain." You can watch it LIVE here: http://live.foxbusiness.com/.
