Welcoming Missouri Honor Flights on 10/2/13.
I know the government shutdown is creating a lot of uncertainty for Missourians. I'm keeping my offices open for you in order to ensure you still have a place where you can ask questions about federal services, benefits, and other issues. If you have questions or concerns, please call my staff or visit one of my seven office locations. http://1.usa.gov/LMKtv8
Looking forward to joining Gretchen Carlson today at 12:05 pm MT (2:05 pm ET) on her new FOX News show The Real Story.
NA
NA
The entire Idaho Congressional Delegation will not take any pay during this government shutdown.  Senator Risch and I will donate our pay during the shutdown to charity while Congressmen Mike Simpson and Raul Labrador will have their pay withheld.  Members of Congress should not get paid while federal employees are furloughed.
Most of government operating on automatic spending; real test is the debt ceiling.  Coming up mid-October.
PHOTO: Honored to award the Purple Heart posthumously to Hospital Corpsman Third Class Kenneth C. Davis:
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls on Obama to Cancel Trip, Democrats to Pass Targeted Funding Bills:
Senator Durbin complained about shutdown at National Institutes of Health.  Will he join Republicans in reopening it?
Looking forward to greeting Honor Flight DFW at their visit to WWII Memorial on Friday.
POTUS shared the pain: shortens planned 4 nation trip to 2?  How about Oval Office meeting with congressional leaders?
Obama/Reid shutdown: all because they refuse to apply O-care to Congress and give workers same break as employers?
After Houses Ds block funding for Veterans and War Memorials, House leadership will seek to override.
Risk to Obama/Reid on shutdown intransigence: will most Americans even notice difference in their everyday lives?
Obama/Reid strategy: maximize shutdown inconvenience/hardship.  How has "shutdown" impacted you?
WH advisor: "Sit back and watch."  Just a thought: how about doing your job?
MIA: President Obama on government partial shutdown
178 years since the Battle of Gonzales, and that same love of liberty continues to live in the heart of every Texan #ComeandTakeIt
We're starting to #MakeDCListen, but we've got to keep up the pressure… #HarryReidsShutdown
Yesterday House Republicans attempted to open WWII Memorial and fund the VA. Democrats refused.   Stand up for our vets. #MakeDCListen and say no to #HarryReidsShutdown
We can work together to respond to some of the worst harms coming from #HarryReidsShutdown, but Democrats don't want to. Instead, they want to play politics.
Creating a special #Obamacare exemption for Congress is completely unacceptable. Congress should live under the laws we pass and feel the pain of Obamacare like everyone else.
My staff and I have been in contact with the Department of Defense urging immediate issuance of new guidance to pay our men and women in uniform, as well as the civilians and contractors who support them, during a government shutdown. The language passed by Congress to ensure their pay should be interpreted to the broadest extend possible. America cannot afford to look weak on national security, especially in the 21st century when the threat of global terrorism is real and evolving.
Please see statement below on my office operations during the government shutdown.
I strongly support our military and veterans.  I never wanted to even partially shut down the government and am very disappointed that our Veterans ran into trouble yesterday while visiting their World War II memorial.
As a more than 20-year veteran of the United States Navy Reserve, I am proud to be standing in solidarity with the members of the Greatest Generation and their families as they visit the World War II Memorial. These soldiers gave everything in fighting for our freedom and the thought that they would not be allowed into their memorial because of the partisan divide in Washington is beyond the pale. It is time for all parties, the President of the United States, House Republicans and Senate Democrats to come together and find a compromise so we can re-open our government and ensure our veterans never again have to cross a barrier to their memorials in our nation's capital.  Read the statement: http://1.usa.gov/19m9t5C
I am proud to be here honoring our veterans from #Illinois at the World War II Memorial
Today I'll join World War II heroes from Illinois at the WWII Memorial. The shutdown can't stop them from seeing their memorial.
Partisanship should not stop WWII veterans from seeing their memorial. I'm looking forward to seeing them there tomorrow.
The Federal Housing Administration is getting a $1.7 billion bailout from taxpayers. This is why we need reverse mortgage reform.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=876
The House has acted to begin the end of this unnecessary government shutdown. It is currently on the path to approving the president’s request to fund veterans’ benefits, the National Guard, the National Institutes of Health, and to keep our national parks open.  The Senate should immediately take up these bills and pass them unanimously.  We proved on Monday that this can be done quickly when Senator Harry Reid allowed the military pay bill to pass by unanimous consent in a matter of minutes.  There is no moral or political justification for holding up these critical priorities.  I hope Sen. Reid will exhibit the same courage as Speaker Boehner, listen to the American people, and put an end to the president’s government shutdown.
This evening, House and Senate leaders will meet with President Obama to discuss a path ahead on the government shutdown. I’m hopeful the meeting provides movement; however, I am disturbed to hear that the President remains unwilling to negotiate. Americans expect Congress and the Administration to work toward a solution. For an update on today’s happenings in Washington and my take on the government shutdown, I encourage you to listen to my conversation with Neil Cavuto via the link below.
Tune in to Fox News at 3:15 p.m. CT to hear me discuss the government shutdown and a path forward with Neil Cavuto.
The battles we engage in need to be a lot less about Republicans and Democrats, and much more about what’s good for the country. The veterans that we met with this morning, such as Lew Dysart of Leawood (with son Bob), should serve as a reminder that there is a higher calling to what we do in our nation’s capital. There is something more important than the political skirmishes.
It's always an honor to have the opportunity to greet the Kansas WWII Veterans and thank them for their service and sacrifice.
I'll be headed to the National World War II Memorial shortly to greet nearly 90 veterans from the Kansas City area.
While DC seems broken and stalled out right now, my colleagues and I in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee are continuing to quietly do our work – getting legislation passed and signed to build momentum to energy security and energy independence. What we are doing here isn’t going to make front page news, but I believe I was elected to do a job, and I will continue to do it despite our government being shut down.
Welcomed OH constituents to office this morning for my weekly Buckeye Coffee. Short staffed with the shutdown, but I still want to hear from Ohioans.
In case you missed it: I just spoke with CNN's Erin Burnett and continued to offer to negotiate, but a negotiation involves two parties.  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABbyHP5o8tk
As a physician, I am trained to look for solutions to problems. The Republicans have offered several solutions and compromises in order to re-open the government.   Last night I discussed some of these solutions with Sean Hannity.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtQad4EGbuY
Despite House Democrats refusing to fund the National Park Service last night, @senjerrymoran,@replynnjenkins, @repmikepompeo, @repkevinyoder and I were able to ensure these proud KS WWII Vets were able to visit their monument this morning.
NA
It was an honor to have the opportunity to thank our Kansas’ veterans just in town on an Honor Flight at the WWII memorial today. This truly is the Greatest Generation. I was pleased to join Jerry Moran, Lynn Jenkins, Congressman Kevin Yoder and Congressman Mike Pompeo in welcoming them to their Memorial.
With thousands of folks on furlough, including a significant portion of my own staff, I will be donating my shutdown salary to charity. Members of Congress should not be given preferential treatment, period.
NA
As long as furloughed federal employees are not getting paid during this shutdown, I will refuse my paycheck too.
