IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out The Hill article, “GOP senators request new ObamaCare figures” about Sen. Alexander and Sen. Barrasso’s call to the Obama administration to provide Congress and Americans with detailed, accurate information about Obamacare enrollees.   “Sens. John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) and Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) on Wednesday wrote to Marilyn Tavenner, the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), seeking an update on how many people are covered under the healthcare law ahead of the second enrollment period that starts in November… They also want data on how many people have paid for their insurance plans and continue to do so, and how many people lost coverage after not paying their premiums.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=99d04db9-7179-4e26-b465-9903697dcf85 
NA
I met with local leaders in Poplar Bluff, West Plains, and Houston hearing their concerns about the Obama Administration's burdensome regulations and disregard for the law. The President isn't above the law and Congress should remind him of that. Please click here to read about the ENFORCE the Law Act, a bill I introduced to restore the system of checks and balances and curb the Obama Administration's runaway executive over-reach.
Here are some photos of my week. I had a chance to visit Nesbitt Discovery Academy, GE Aviation, Continental, Sierra Nevada, and Kee Auto Top.
NA
At a veterans recognition ceremony earlier this week in Twin Falls, I had the pleasure of presenting the Spirit of Idaho Award to Heidi Walker (pictured right), staff and administrators like Tom Mikesell and Tami Slatter (also pictured) of Hospice Visions for going above and beyond in their service to Magic Valley veterans receiving end-of-life care. Their commitment to the men and women who have served and their work to ensure they receive recognition for their service truly embodies the spirit of our great state. #idaho
Recently joined the 2009 recipient of the Spirit of Freedom Award, Bob Jackson,  in honoring veterans from World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and the Cold War. Thanks to Genesis Health for hosting this event at their Twin Falls Care Center and taking such great care of these American heroes.
Appreciated the opportunity to address the Bannock Development Corporation’s (BDC) Economic Development Conference at Idaho State University yesterday. My remarks outlined how federal tax reform would present great opportunity for job growth and overall economic stability. I am always impressed with the important work that BDC does in Pocatello and across Bannock County. Thank you for inviting me!
Aug. 29th, 2014
The Texas legislature, representing the will of the people of Texas, fought boldly last session to strengthen measures that protect innocent life and to limit the tragic impact of abortion on our society. Today's court decision is a setback, and would allow abortion facilities to continue operating under substandard conditions – that is a real war on women. I hope that the 5th Circuit will quickly reverse it. #Stand4Life
I wanted to give a message to our students: seize the opportunities that come with each academic year. Whether you’re starting kindergarten or finishing college, it’s an opportunity: an opportunity to work hard, attain new skills, and discover talents.  Don’t let anyone else determine your future for you. When critics don’t think you can get great grades, or make the all-star team, or be admitted to the most rigorous school, that should encourage you even more to do your best.  This is the best of the Texas tradition. We have so many great innovators before us who refused to accept failure.  You are fortunate to have parents and grandparents who have made sacrifices so that you may succeed, and teachers who work long hours to make sure you learn as much as possible. Thank them for all they do to help you succeed and honor them by making the most of every single opportunity.
“The National Corn Growers’ decision reflects the growing respect and attention Fargo and the Red River Valley are getting nationally for the work they’re doing with new and innovative technologies. The collaboration between the USDA-ARS and the National Agricultural Genotyping Center comes as good news for the North Dakota Corn Growers, NDSU, Fargo and our entire state.”
“We are working hard to provide the assistance our local officials need to not only prevent crime in our state, but also to help them alleviate the impacts of crime. To that end, these funds will help provide the support and care victims of sexual assault most need in their time of crisis.”
“Fargo, Grand Forks and the Red River Valley are already emerging as a hub of technology and innovation, and this kind of research is vital to creating the new products and services our companies will bring to market. At the same time, it bolsters the world-class research our state’s two largest universities are doing for our state and our nation.”
Come join this great crowd that showed up for my St. George town hall.  I shared a link where you can watch the live stream in a previous post on my Facebook page.
My St. George town hall is scheduled to start at 7:00 p.m. MT.  You can watch it here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/lee-tv-live
It was a pleasure to be on Kansas State University's campus today to learn about some of the projects funded through the National Institutes of Health (NIH). In the bottom right photo, I'm pictured with K-State Ph.D. Student Tori Davidson of Alta Vista. In the photo on the bottom left, I'm pictured with K-State's new Vice President for Research Dr. Karen Burg and Act for NIH President Pat White. In the top photo, I'm pictured with K-State Undergraduate Student Cody Simmons of Leonardville and Dr. Rollie Clem.
Visiting the future site of NBAF today with Under Secretary Brothers not only gave us a chance to get an update on construction – it also let us see firsthand the real opportunities being created for the talented young men and women of Kansas. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I was committed to making certain NBAF remained a top priority, and there is no longer any question about the project’s future. Kansas will become a research epicenter, and the construction of this modern, world-class facility will ultimately create jobs for Kansans in the fields of engineering, science and technology. NBAF will create up to 1,500 construction jobs and 450 permanent jobs, and will generate an estimated economic impact of $3.5 billion in its first 20 years.
This morning I toured the Central Utility Plant and the future home of National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) with the DHS Science and Technology Under Secretary Dr. Reginald Brothers and other members of the Kansas Congressional Delegation. I am grateful Under Secretary Brothers accepted our invitation to visit Kansas along with other important officials and get and update on the current status of construction. Developing these relationships is vitally important to our state as such an essential part of our national security apparatus moves forward.
Putin signaling his intent to invest in the Arctic is just further proof that America needs to take its role as an Arctic nation more seriously. If Russia understands the value of its position in the Arctic, then we need to as well. We cannot fall further behind other countries with our Arctic priorities. 
Congratulations to the 2014-2 Class of the Alaska Military Youth Academy! What a major accomplishment for these young Alaskans. I was so pleased to hear that many of them plan to take the next step and enlist in the various branches of our Armed Services. Good luck to them all for continued success.
In McCarthy this morning meeting with the National Park Service. We had a little hiccup getting here but what would an Alaska road trip be without some car trouble?
Today I toured the HAARP Facility in Gakona. Right now the Air Force is in productive discussions with UAF and Ahtna in finding a solution to keep this world-class facility open. I've expressed my concerns over whether or not it would be fiscally sound to destroy an approximately $300 million facility when it costs less than 1% of that amount to operate it each year. I am happy that the Air Force is considering those options regarding HAARP’s future, because the scientific and research benefits of HAARP could far outweigh the potential cost savings that would come from its closure.
America's veterans deserve our deepest respect and strong, continuous support. That's why I'm glad the VA has apologized for its bad decision to compare veterans to 'Oscar the Grouch' in a Lower 48 slide show. After the last few months of scandal and nationwide corner-cutting, the VA needs to rebuild trust, not parody those who served.
Had a good visit with members of the Gallia County Farm Bureau yesterday. Proud to receive the Friend of Agriculture Award.
Visited South Point Industrial Park this afternoon. Impressed by their new cargo river port which is expected to bring 1,200 jobs to the region.
Today I received a tour of the construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF), a Department of Homeland Security lab that will conduct critical research to protect our nation's plant and animal health and our food supply. I am proud to have lead the fight to win this economic opportunity for generations of Kansans. The lab is being built in Manhattan, Kansas and will be the premier facility of its kind in the world further establishing our State as a leader in this research.
Rubio: Attack On Florida School Choice Scholarship Is An Attack On The American Dream: http://1.usa.gov/1tKbw1A  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding a liberal coalition’s lawsuit against a 13-year-old school choice scholarship program that assists over 67,000 of Florida’s most economically disadvantaged schoolchildren:   “This frivolous lawsuit attacking Florida’s school choice scholarship program is an attack on the American Dream. We cannot continue to be an exceptional nation and our children cannot fully realize their American Dream as long as government policies condemn them to failing schools. That is exactly what this lawsuit is trying to do.    “Parents of economically disadvantaged students who want a better future for their kids should have the choice of sending them to better schools, and tuition assistance like this is a vital way they can make it work. This lawsuit will trap our poorest students in under-performing schools and give them no options to help them achieve their highest potential.” 
Great seeing folks in Fairfield and Lancaster counties today!
My Field Representative, Imani Johnson, had the pleasure of attending the YouthBuild Philadelphia Charter School Commencement Ceremony.  During her speech, Salutatorian Carmen Williams put on a construction hat and told her peers of a thought she had while looking at a home she volunteered to repair as a community service project ..."We were both broken, but had the potential to be rebuilt...". What an inspiration.  Valedictorian Jamal Johnson challenged his peers by saying "Do not let this be your only accomplishment, what you've done today. Excel more!" Way to go Jamal, and congrats to the entire class of YouthBuild Philly's Class of 2014! #ybphilly
