This afternoon, Senator Ayotte presented Kathryn Fernald of Londonderry with a Purple Heart for her grandfather's courageous service to our nation during World War I.
NA
NA
Do you need a website to promote your small business? Arkansas Small Business and Technology Development Center is offering free website development workshops to help teach business owners how to build effective, easy-to-maintain websites using free online tools. The workshop is coming to Clarksville, Russellville and Ozark. Get registration information on the link below.
We talked with KFFB 106.1 FM about several issues that we're hearing about from Arkansans including Obamacare, energy and our efforts to rein in the executive branch. You can listen to our discussion by clicking the link below.
On Saturday, April 26, my office will host an “Academy Day” session at Indiana University South Bend  to provide interested students with the opportunity to learn more about applying to one of the U.S. Service Academies. Representatives from my office and the service academies will be available to speak with individuals about life at a U.S. Service Academy and offer advice on the application process.  http://www.coats.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/coats-to-host-academy-day-in-south-bend 
A great tour of Corning's facility in Kennebunk - dedicated employees and good jobs in York County!
NA
NA
Read more about my legislation to reform the prison system here:
At the Prison Entrepreneurship Program in Houston, which equips inmates with the skills to start their own businesses, provide for themselves and their families, and be upstanding members of society upon release from prison.
AAS: Cornyn Op-Ed: Political Posturing Not Helping American Worker:
Today, Texans’ hearts are heavy as we remember those we lost one year ago in West, Texas.  The people of West have been a model of resilience, and I have been inspired by their ability to come together and help each other rebuild their community.   I ask all Texans to join Sandy and I in saying a prayer today for those who lost loved ones and suffered tremendous loss in the explosion last year.
Greatly appreciate Border Patrol, DPS, and all the staff for the excellent briefing and tour of the World Trade Bridge in Laredo.
Mr. President, the Obamacare repeal debate is far from over. #FullRepeal
A week ago the House and Senate unanimously passed legislation to #KeepTerroristsOut of the US. The President still hasn’t signed it.  President Obama should join a unanimous congress and sign the bill immediately.
Pleasure to join the Harlingen Chamber of Commerce this afternoon to discuss how we grow the economy with a great American Energy Renaissance and prevent the federal government from getting in the way.
The true face of intolerance emerging in east Ukraine:
The country music career didn't quite pan out, but things are going okay. #TBT
More regulation means stagnation. Get government out of the way and allow the private sector to create jobs, growth, and opportunity. #MakeDCListen
BuzzFeed's Benny Johnson boarded a flight to DC. You won’t believe what happened next…
Congress agrees that small businesses are the backbone of our economy, but many don’t seem concerned with or fully aware of how the federal policies created in Washington actually affect businesses on the ground. Here’s a link to an opinion piece I wrote about the hidden costs of regulations along with what we can do to rein in the rampant job-killing regulations that businesses are struggling under. The more we can free them from red tape, the more they can help drive our economy forward.  #jobs #smallbiz
Enjoyed dropping by Alma High School for lunch today. I had a great time visiting with students and faculty!
Thanks to all the Nebraskans in Red Cloud who came out this morning to my open coffee event. Looking forward to the next one tomorrow morning in Holdrege!
NA
The modernization of the I-44 corridor in Tulsa and the improvements to the surrounding roads and bridges have been challenging but will dramatically improve crosstown transportation in Tulsa. I-44 supports the nation’s economy and is critical to the shipment of goods throughout Oklahoma and across our nation. Additionally, the improvements will help eliminate traffic congestion and improve the safety of one of the state’s most dangerous stretches of highway. Please take a moment to read more here: http://www.fox23.com/news/local/story/Fallin-Inhofe-help-mark-near-completion-of-I-44/wS76Kak8JU-Qd4-rA-hzuA.cspx
I had a great town hall meeting in Ogden on Tuesday, and I am looking forward to my next town hall that will be in West Jordan tonight.  I hope to see you there.
Before my town hall in Ogden last night I had great meeting with the Youth Councils from North Ogden and Plain City at Kirt's Diner.  In one of the pictures, I am presenting the owners of the diner with a certificate of recognition for the 50 years of service they have provided to their community.  Afterwards, I was able to have a discussion about the Constitution, federalism, and other topics with the AP U.S. History and AP Government classes from Ogden High School. I appreciated their insightful questions and their willingness to come back to school in the evening.
After visiting the Hillsboro Kawanis Club today I stopped in Durham for a piece of pie and a visit with cafe owner Wendell Wedel. Great pie!
My own interest in public service was sparked by an internship in Washington, D.C. As an intern, I learned firsthand how a Congressional office operates and how the legislative process works.  I am proud to be able to offer this same opportunity in my Senate office today where I have interns year-round who work closely with my staff on behalf of Kansans. Thanks to my spring interns — Abby Naudet and Kyle Calvin — for your hard work over the past four months. I wish you the very best as you continue your studies and work to achieve your dreams.
After my town hall meeting in Harvey County, I enjoyed having lunch with 35 members of the Hillsboro Kiwanis Club. Thanks to club president and Hillsboro City Manager Larry Paine, as well as Mayor Delores Dalke for changing the date of their weekly meeting to accommodate my visit. I was especially honored that Larry and the Mayor presented me with the key to the city.  We had a good conversation about how agriculture, health care and education — the basics — are critical to the future of our state. It was also great to hear about the club's service activities. Civic organizations like Kiwanis Clubs do so much to enhance the quality of life in Hillsboro and communities across Kansas. Here, I'm pictured with Centre School District Superintendent Brian Smith and Hillsboro School District Superintendent Steve Noble.
This morning, I hosted a town hall meeting in Harvey County. Nearly 70 area residents stopped by the Halstead City Council Room to share feedback and concerns on a wide array of topics including agriculture, health care, rural telecommunications, education and how to keep Main Street alive and well. Here, I'm pictured with 2012-13 Kansas American Legion Department Commander Paul Sanford.
Yesterday I enjoyed hosting a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Kingman with nearly 20 area residents. We discussed rural telecommunications, aviation, manufacturing, federal regulations and student loan debt. Thanks to all the folks who came out to share a good dose of Kansas common sense.
While in Wichita this week I toured LDF Sales & Distributing, which sells and distributes a full range of beer, wine, spirits and non-alcoholic beverages in Kansas and Oklahoma. Thanks again to Larry Fleming, Chairman and owner of LDF Sales and Distributing, and Terry Parr, past National Beer Wholesalers Association board member and President of LDF Sales & Distributing, for the informative visit.
Kicked off my morning in Halstead for another Kansas Listening Tour stop.
Waiting for the wind to die down so we can get back on the ice.  Elijah Rock and I are passing the time talking about Point Hope traditions and enjoying bowls of alutiġaaq (caribou in gravy over rice).  It doesn’t get any better than this!
The bowheads are so close to shore. My state director Kevin Sweeney is going to help break trail for the crews so they can get out there.  I'm proud to have an Alaska staff that can jump right in and lend a hand!
Ice conditions here in Point Hope have improved and the whales are coming through. They're close to shore now. Captain Rex Rock's crew is getting their boat ready.  Could be an exciting day!
Spent the day on the ice off of Point Hope.  Whaling captain Ira Frankson took me to the ice ridge to scan the open lead for bowheads.  Ice conditions are not allowing crews to reach the lead right now, but the wind is blowing in the right direction and things could change overnight.
One car ride, two bus rides, two train rides and two brisk walks later, Jailyn has finally arrived to school and can work towards her dream of becoming a doctor. Jailyn and her family have made sacrifices for a better-than-average education and I look forward to speaking with Jailyn at my school choice event in Chicago next week.    Watch her story HERE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzdeWsspn-Q&feature=youtu.be
Great to visit a Kansas energy producer today. They are creating jobs and energy for Kansas and the nation.  Keep up the good work!
Great to visit Lane-Scott Electric Co-Op today and discuss my bill, recently signed into law, to provide rural co-ops and charities with the ability to continue offering pensions to their employees.
It was a pleasure to visit the brand new Dighton Pharmacy and visit with owner John Brunswig about economic opportunity in rural America.
I had the great opportunity to talk about and read about the U S Constitution to the 4th Grade class at Scott City Elementary School. They are very bright, interesting, fun, well prepared and full of questions.
Senator Rubio Comments On Crisis In Ukraine, Targeting Of Jewish Community: http://1.usa.gov/1iuh6jm  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the latest developments in Ukraine:   “The success of today's reported agreement in Geneva will be determined by Russia's willingness to immediately halt its efforts to destabilize Ukraine. President Putin's rhetoric earlier today should raise concerns about how serious Russia is about respecting Ukraine's sovereignty or in resolving this crisis peacefully.   “I am also deeply troubled by new reports that Jews in eastern Ukraine are being told to ‘register’ to separatist forces. This sort of intimidation and persecution is unacceptable and cannot be tolerated in the 21st century. It is important that the international monitors from the Organization for the Security and Co-operation in Europe deploying to Ukraine as part of today's agreement examine this issue closely to ensure that religious and ethnic minorities do not become targets.   “Despite today's agreement, we need to maintain the pressure on Russia because of its unlawful annexation of Crimea and take concrete steps to reassure our allies in Central and Eastern Europe of our commitment to their security. We also need to support the Ukrainian government's efforts to bring stability and security to all of Ukraine. The administration's announcement today of nonlethal assistance is a first step in the right direction, but much more is required.”
If President Obama is serious about acting on jobs, let's move forward with the #SKILLSAct! ow.ly/vTaLF #OpportunityAgenda
