In response to President Obama’s announcement last night that he plans to take unilateral executive action on immigration “between the November election and the end of the year,” Senator Alexander said:   “If the president is so eager to ignore the law, Congress, and the Constitution by granting amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants, he should do it now instead of waiting till after the election. That way the American people will be reminded as they go to vote just how much disrespect he has for the law and Congress and the American people themselves. We need a Republican Senate majority to stop this president and take this country in a new, more conservative direction.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=609fefb9-51b0-4568-83b3-fe9ca2f307cc
Manufacturing brings innovation, investment, and more jobs to our state and economy. I was glad that the House passed a version of the manufacturing bill I introduced with Senator Brown, which would put more people back to work by bringing together public and private agencies, businesses, universities, and other organizations to revitalize American manufacturing and innovation. The Senate should pass this important, bipartisan legislation. #MFGDay14 
Congratulations to the people of #Joplin on the reopening of the high school this week. This is a great time for the region and the state, and marks an important step in the rebuilding and revitalization of the community after the deadly 2011 tornado.
I just released a new statement on the current Ebola situation -- read by clicking below.  
NA
Cornyn Demands Answers on Ebola Screening Procedures:
A big thanks to the students, faculty and leadership at Blinn College in Brenham, TX, for hosting me and Sandy yesterday for a visit and tour of the College’s Agriculture and Applied Technology Sciences facilities. Blinn is leading the state in its academic transfer rate to 4-year universities. They're doing great work preparing students with a top-notch education both in the classroom and beyond.
Had a great visit with the folks at Independence Coffee Company in Brenham, TX yesterday. It's a true family-run-and-operated small business that roasted 2k lbs of coffee in their first year in 2003. This year they're on target to roast 270K lbs. A great example of the unlimited potential of our small business owners--the backbone of our economy. In TX, their hard work is encouraged by a business-friendly environment that combines low taxes, less regulations and limited government.
On this Yom Kippur, I wish Jewish people everywhere a meaningful holiday of reflection and forgiveness.
A pleasure to join the Houston Realty Business Coalition for breakfast this morning to discuss policies that promote growth because we Texans understand that growth is foundational to opportunity!
Check out the Enzi Insider for more information on what I’m working on in Washington! This week’s Insider gives you an inside scoop on legislation regarding the influx of unaccompanied alien minors crossing the southern border, small airport regulation relief, reforming the National Labor Relations Board, and more. Take a look!  
It was an honor to present Robert James from Gillette with the Purple Heart award. The ceremony took place last Saturday in Saratoga. Robert showed extreme bravery as a member of the Wyoming National Guard serving in Iraq from June 2006 through October 2007. He was injured by a roadside bomb while serving with the 1041st Engineering Company out of Rock Springs. We are very grateful for his service and courage and I want to thank him, and all our country’s veterans, for making the world a better place.
NA
“North Dakota’s ranchers and farmers have a long and successful history of good stewardship of the land and water, as they provide Americans with the highest quality of beef in the world. The Waters of the U.S. rule is not only a violation of private property rights, but it subjects our farmers and ranchers to a burdensome and costly new regulation. To make matters worse, it will also impede our efforts to build the housing, hotels, retail stores, roads and bridges necessary to maintain our high quality of life and our dynamic economic growth.”
The Heritage Foundation has an excellent piece on how President Obama’s recent address to the U.N. General Assembly is a reminder why the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty is a bad deal for America. I have worked to ensure this treaty can’t be ratified in the Senate. As Dr. Ted Bromund highlights, the voice of the American people and the will of Congress shouldn’t be bound to unelected international bureaucrats: http://www.heritage.org/research/commentary/2014/9/why-arms-trade-treaty-is-so-dangerous
Today Senator Johnson continued his Wisconsin Manufacturing Month tour by visiting Kondex in Lomira and Super Steel in Milwaukee.
There is no reason why over 35,000 of the most talented people in Illinois cannot find work, including 7,000 who have served in the post-9/11 era. On October 7 in Palatine, Illinois companies will be hiring veterans for over 2,000 jobs at my Veterans Job Fair.  I hope to see you there! 
It’s been an incredible week for Kansas City sports fans. The Royals have proven they belong, and will try to continue their postseason magic tonight in Anaheim. Two generations of fans will be cheering them on—Go Royals!
I joined CNN this morning to discuss the need for elevated screening levels at U.S. ports of entry. At a minimum, we should be conducting active screenings to prevent the spread of Ebola. 
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Obama’s Failed Policies, Restoring The American Dream: http://youtu.be/bojsJSIUa4M  Rubio: “This should also be an American century. This 21st century is an exciting time. We are not taking full advantage of all of the opportunities of this new era, and a lot of that is because of flawed policies of big government that this President and his allies in the Senate have pursued.”
ICYMI: Rubio: Wanted: An attorney general committed to the Constitution: http://bit.ly/1oGiRtW  ...  Last week’s announcement that Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. will leave the administration provides the president the opportunity to undo some of this damage by nominating an attorney general who is committed to putting the rule of law first.   America deserves a nominee to lead the Justice Department who is fully committed to vigorous application of our nation’s Constitution and laws without political bias or personal agenda. I expect the president will nominate a member of his political party to the position of attorney general. That is his prerogative. But Congress also must insist that the president nominate a professional lawyer who recognizes the special mission of the Justice Department and who can win the broad confidence of the American people.  ... 
As we approach the Veterans Day holiday next month, I would like to highlight the stories of Alabama’s veterans so that they know how grateful we are for their dedicated service to our nation. Visit my website to help me honor Alabama’s military heroes: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/honoring-alabama-s-veterans
Proud to see Piedmont Tech focusing on STEM education and presenting their research on Rocky Creek on Capitol Hill!
To those observing Yom Kippur, may you be sealed in the Book of Life for a good year.
Happy Friday, PA! Check out my recent work in today's newsletter!
Mississippians have done a great job of rebuilding and restoring the communities affected by the storms that ravaged our state in April. With continued support from federal and state agencies, I am confident that we will achieve a full recovery.
