ICYMI: Sen. Alexander released the following statement Wednesday on the administration’s delay until mid-September in signing final agreements with insurance plans to be sold on the health insurance exchanges on October 1: "I've been warning that a train wreck is coming with this law, but the truth is that no train wreck has ever had this many warning signs. The avalanche of last-minute delays should make every American anxious about the quality of the health care they'll be able to purchase in October and the security of the information they'll have to provide—proving again that this law must be repealed so that we can pass step-by-step reforms that transform the health care delivery system by putting patients in charge, giving them more choices, and reducing the cost of health care so that more people can afford it." Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that “this law must be repealed.”  http://1.usa.gov/158nDXe
Sen. Alexander released the following statement on Alcoa’s plant expansion: "Alcoa's announcement fits right into Tennessee's growing status as the premier location for auto suppliers. But for those of us who grew up here, it is much more than that. For thousands of East Tennessee's families during the last century, Alcoa's presence has meant good jobs, good schools and stronger communities." Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” to congratulate Alcoa on today’s announcement. http://1.usa.gov/1dTwToT
NA
It was fun running into the Meeteetse football team at the airport this morning.
The White House is trying to put Obamacare together with chicken wire and duct tape just to make it fly on October 1st.
A 45-year wait for an Idaho veteran to be recognized for his bravery and service to our country came to an end recently when he received his long overdue Purple Heart.  Jerry Blackburn, of Leadore, served with the U.S. Army for two years during the Vietnam conflict.  He was wounded while defending an officer’s quarters in Saigon.  It was a privilege and honor to present the medal to Mr. Blackburn.
Cornyn on new WH gun actions: "The President’s end-around Congress to impose new gun control measures flies in the face of Texans and the American people."
DMN: Hasan Trial Over, Cornyn, Carter, Williams Prepare to Push Bill for Victims:
POTUS planning to consult with Congress on conference call Thursday on his plans for Syria
FACT: Obamacare puts millions onto Medicaid as more and more physicians refuse to accept new Medicaid patients.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Unacceptable:
Have you ever visited the Smithsonian? By uploading a picture of your experiences there, your photo may even be chosen to be featured in an on-site exhibit in 2014. So far they have received photos from 49 states, but nothing from Wyoming. Help represent our state by clicking the link below.
This month I traveled more than 1,700 miles visiting 23 counties. I was pleased to see wonderful turnouts at the over 20 public events I hosted across the state. As the Senate resumes legislative session, I’m glad to have had the opportunity to hear directly from Nebraskans. You can read about my trip through the state on my website.
NA
U read my last tweets on town halls  Today for 33rd yr I complete my 99 county"every county every year " tour of Iowa to "keep in touch"
"This marks the fourth delay of the Keystone XL project since 2011, when the State Department issued its final EIS finding no significant environmental impact and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton informed me that the agency expected to make a decision by December of that year. This tactic of delay and deferral must stop. It is depriving America of jobs, hurting the American economy and hurting the American people.”
Hearing from Englewood families who lost loved ones to violence with Congressman Bobby L. Rush
Today Rep. Bobby Rush and I will hear from families of victims of violence and meet with members of the Englewood community in #Chicago.
The use of military force is the most serious exercise of our national sovereignty, and it should not be taken without support of Congress and the American people.   Using it in Syria for the sake of credibility is not a strong enough reason to intervene.  Until recently the President has been cautious in his approach to this situation.  I hope he will refrain from any decisions to push the United States further into this conflict, and that he makes the security interests of the United States his utmost priority.
My Farmington town hall is happening now.  You can watch it from my Facebook page by clicking the ustream tab. #utah #utahgram
My town hall in Farmington is scheduled to start in a few minutes.  If you aren't able to make it to the event, you can watch it online here: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senator-mike-lee-tv
AP: Ft. Knox getting ROTC training school, McConnell urged its relocation to Kentucky  http://t.co/ip6Q4CXqS6
This morning, I enjoyed stopping by the Lenexa Chamber of Commerce Coffee/5th Annual Football Kickoff Tailgate hosted by The Fiser Group. It was good to visit with chamber members about issues affecting their companies and community.
Today I marked Startup Day Across America with Congressman Kevin Yoder by visiting with entrepreneurs and innovators in Kansas City’s growing Startup Village. Building personal relationships with entrepreneurs is especially important for policymakers because our conversations offer insights into the health of our economy and the challenges emerging businesses face: an arcane tax code, a burdensome regulatory environment, limited access to capital, and a global battle for talent.  I enjoyed meeting with the owners of the following Startups located in the Kansas City Startup Village: Leap2, Local Ruckus, FormZapper, Handprint, Eye Verify, Squareoffs, Lantern, Traveling Nuker, Rocket Fuel and RFP365. The success of startups like these lead to technological advancement, economic growth and job opportunities across America. A startup-considerate Congress is apt to produce the smarter policies our country needs and Washington has long been looking for.
Today I had the opportunity to visit the KU Alzheimer's Disease Center and learn about the advancements they are making with patients – and I was very impressed. The KU Center is one of only 29 National Institute of Aging designated and funded Alzheimer's Disease Centers in the United States. The elite designation means that KU ADC is working to translate research advances into improved diagnoses and care for Alzheimer's patients, while also trying to find a way to cure and even prevent the disease. 
 
 Our consistent, sustained support of medical research like what is being done at KU ADC is essential to saving and improving lives, growing our economy, and maintaining America’s role as a global leader in medical innovation. This commitment will benefit our children and our country for generations to come.
 
 Thanks to Dr. Jeff Burns for the informative and impressive tour. Thanks also to Dr. Russell Swerdlow, Director of the KU AD Center, Dr. Rick Barohn, Deputy Director and Director of Frontiers: Heartland Institute of Clinical and Translational Research, and Lauren Aaronson, RN, PhD, Deputy Director of Frontiers.
Enjoying the Glacier Water at Soda Jerk!
Just wrapped up a tour of Valley Asphalt plant. Talked with workers about the facility and the good work they do.
Had a great roundtable at Colas Solutions in Cincinnati this morning to talk about Ohio's asphalt industry's efforts to be more energy efficient and create jobs.
Understandably, Americans are not eager to be plunged into another questionable or misguided war. Read, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree.  http://www.cnn.com/2013/08/29/opinion/paul-syria-obama/
#ThrowbackThursday: Remember when our government abided by the Constitution? Article 1 Section 8 states that only Congress has the power to declare war.
Joined by the Lindsey Wilson College Republicans
Very helpful to participate in a Kansas Society of CPAs Roundtable to hear their expert opinions of the unfairness and the pitfalls in the Internal Revenue Code. Very helpful suggestions and ideas.
Again troubling news for Obamacare. I have introduced legislation to end these exchanges if they are not ready. I also support efforts to defund the law.
Touring the University of South Carolina today, meeting with students and of course getting ready for the college football season to kickoff tonight!
Humbling to speak about Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. at services in North Charleston tonight.
Colin Deppen of The Bradford Era and I met for coffee at The Courtyard Restaurant in Smethport. Thanks for a great conversation, Colin.
Great visit to Clearfield and Jefferson Counties yesterday. Catch some of the highlights here:
Peaceful scene here at Allegheny National Forest. My thanks to Erin Connelly, forest supervisor, for sharing with me the issues facing this national treasure. Thanks also to State Senator Scott E. Hutchinson and State Rep. Kathy Rapp for being with us, too.
