NA
NA
NA
Subscribe to my YouTube channel for updated videos and radio appearances from my time here in our great state and in Washington.
Great visit with Lincoln University President Dr. Kevin Rome and Dr. Abdoulaye Bah this week. Enjoyed a good discussion, including Lincoln University’s work on mental health issues.
Glad to address the Missouri General Assembly yesterday. I enjoyed visiting with several folks that afternoon. Thank you for having me.
Last year, I wrote the IRS demanding that bonuses be suspended in light of the IRS abuse of the Constitutional rights of conservative organizations. They said then that bonuses were not permissible, but we heard in February that they went ahead and gave bonuses anyway.   According to a new report from the Inspector General of the Treasury Department, the IRS awarded $2.8 million in bonuses to employees who participated in illegal behavior -- including fraud, drug use, and failing to pay their taxes. 
I’ll be joining Bill LuMaye on his radio show this afternoon – tune in to 680 WPTF AM or listen by clicking below.
Washington Post has a great article on the ABLE Act. With 72 cosponsors in the Senate, it’s time to #passtheABLEact.
Latest update from U.S. Senator John Boozman's staff:   Senator Boozman remains in recovery following successful heart surgery at Mercy Hospital in Rogers, Arkansas.   Senator Boozman was taken to the hospital early yesterday morning, by his wife Cathy, after suffering pain in his chest and shoulder. He was, at the time of transport, alert, responsive and in good spirits despite the discomfort and pain. After running several tests, doctors diagnosed the Senator with an acute aortic dissection and he was admitted for immediate surgery. The surgeons who performed the operation, which lasted several hours, said that he responded well to the procedure.     The Senator remains hospitalized while doctors continue to monitor his recovery. He is awake and responsive, and doctors are pleased with the progress he has made. His family has been with him and has expressed gratitude for outpouring of support.       The Boozman family released the following statement:   “We appreciate the prayers, kind words and well-wishes that have come from Arkansans and people all across the country. Our number one priority is making sure John makes a full recovery. We are grateful for the excellent care the doctors, nurses and medical staff are providing. They are amazed at how well he has responded and we are anxious for him to begin the next phase of recovery. We know that if John had it his way he would be right back on the road in Arkansas, so the difficult part will be making sure he gets the rest he needs to get better.”  At the family’s request, Mercy Hospital cannot give out his room information or allow visitors.
NA
NA
April 22nd, 2014
DMN: Cornyn seeks to ease backlog of untested rape kit exams:
April 22nd, 2014
Don't let government get in the way of historic growth, opportunity, and good paying jobs. Embrace the great American Energy Renaissance!
Disturbing: "The IRS generally doesn't consider conduct issues when administering bonuses."
Tragic: America's middle class is headed in the wrong direction. To get back to rising wages and rising living standards for all we need more economic dynamism and fewer government roadblocks to growth.
NA
NA
SHOULD GOP win Senate, High on  our agenda in 2015 will be Keystone pipeline and more domestic energy
How can IRS gv bonuses 2 employees disciplined/not paying own taxes? More loss of public trust
NA
Retweeted Heritage Foundation (@Heritage):  The President's job is to enforce laws, not modify or ignore them. http://t.co/qAA2vsXT6W
Retweeted Rose Fernandez (@DigitalEdMom):  Best part. What it is all about. Our kids. @senrandpaul @senronjohnson @LIBREinitiative @jasonscrye @SchoolChoiceWI http://t.co/NVdtPFtnKj
Best wishes to my colleague @JohnBoozman as he recovers from emergency surgery. My prayers are with him. http://t.co/LVm9YMlZ8I
Senator Johnson discussing his lawsuit last night on On the Record with Greta Van Susteren
Welcome to Milwaukee, @SenRandPaul. Glad you'll see a great school in action. #schoolchoice   http://t.co/tIT3OtBWbE
The Small BREW Act will unleash the potential of our state's 67 small breweries and help #Illinois entrepreneurs grow.
Taking a tour of Revolution Brewing, one of 67 craft breweries in #Illinois. These small businesses employ 2,847 Illinois workers. I'm supporting S. 917, the Small BREW Act, to help them grow. http://instagram.com/p/nJEp4uMqBP/
I enjoyed participating in the "Pizza and Politics" event at Salt Lake Community College today.  I also appreciate those who participated in our discussion on higher-education reform.
Last night I spoke at the Larned Rotary Club meeting at Pawnee Valley Community Hospital, where the conversation centered around the frustration with inaction in Washington. Attendees brought up President Obama’s decision to extend the Keystone XL Pipeline comment period as yet another example of this administration prioritizing politics over what’s best for our country. Thanks again to everyone who shared their thoughts and concerns with me.
More and more young adults are calling in Kansas City home and leaving places like New York City, Boston, and Los Angeles in the dust.
This afternoon I got a call from the Air Force to relay their final decision to base the new KC-46A tankers at McConnell Air Force Base following a lengthy environmental impact review. There is no longer any question – McConnell Air Force Base is and will continue to be the nation’s super tanker base.   The upcoming arrival of the new KC-46A tanker fleet at McConnell translates into an economic boost for the community, which will endure for years to come as each phase of preparation is completed. I am grateful the efforts to ensure this outcome were successful and that the Air Force truly understands the value of air mobility assets in Kansas. I will continue to work with Air Force leadership to make certain the KC-46A delivery process runs as smoothly as possible.
Lindsborg downtown — one of the most unique, beautiful and vibrant Main Streets in Kansas. I had some useful conversations throughout town earlier this afternoon.
Congrats to the Cincinnati Enquirer Women of the Year honorees for recognition of their outstanding leadership and community service. I’m especially proud of my wife, Jane, for being among this year’s recipients. She is an amazing mom, wife, and devoted community leader.
Just saw where our recycling goes: Rumpke in Cincinnati is impressive; one of the largest, fastest & most technologically advanced recycling facilities in USA.
At a townhall meeting in Jackson County tonight to discuss the need to tackle drug abuse that plagues our communities.
NA
Student and parent panel at today's #schoolchoice event in #Milwaukee
Honored to meet with these incredibly bright high school students at my #Milwaukee #schoolchoice event this morning
In case you missed it, I penned an op-ed for National Review Online explaining a realist foreign policy. READ: http://m.nationalreview.com/article/376307/buckleys-realist-foreign-policy-sen-rand-paul
LT Verne Gibb from Topeka, was laid to rest with honor today at Fort Leavenworth nearly 70 years after his plane went missing on a cargo flight between Burma and India. His remains were finally found and identified by DNA. Some 15 million Americans served in WW II, and 400,000 gave their lives. They must never be forgotten.  Our heartfelt thanks to LT Gibb's daughter, and his entire family. Hats off to the Patriot Guard who served as an Escort of Honor.
Congratulations McConnell Air Force Base and Wichita!
Kansas Tourism has put together a nice video featuring the beauty of our state. Take a minute and enjoy! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOJQ9qX2QAg&feature=share
When parents have a choice, kids have a chance. The CHOICE Act is a vital part of my Opportunity Agenda.  http://scott.senate.gov/OpportunityAgenda 
In Aiken today to celebrate the Savannah River National Lab's 10th anniversary!
My Opportunity Agenda is founded on the principle that all Americans should have the opportunity to succeed.    Read more about it here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/opportunityagenda
Today, James Fitzpatrick and Phil Innamorato, from my Philly staff, served lunch at the Sunday Breakfast Rescue Mission in Center City.    Thanks to all of the wonderful staff and volunteers at the Mission who ensure our most vulnerable neighbors have 3 meals a day available to them everyday!
