NA
"If it's so right for the American people, why are his own supporters, including the largest unions - the Teamsters - saying that this law is going to destroy the 40-hour work week and destroy the health and well-being of millions of Americans?" she said.
NA
We're in Fort Smith visiting with local, state, and federal law enforcement about cybercrimes, human trafficking and the challenges they face.
NA
PHOTO: Yesterday, the Banking Committee held a hearing where we heard from Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke.
Detroit shrunk: "Detroit isn’t bankrupt because the city wasted a bunch of money on a particularly ill-conceived project or investment. Detroit is bankrupt, most fundamentally, because its population has shrunk to less than 2/5 of its peak, and its tax base has shrunk more than accordingly."
Can you say "overregulation?"
House revamps and passes eduction reform legislation; when will Senate get to education reform?
Universal coverage under Obamacare?: Currently, 23.7% of 18- to 25-year-olds are uninsured, compared with 28.0% in the third quarter of 2010. The uninsured rate for 26- to 64-year-olds, though, has been rising since 2009, now at 19.6%. It was in the 15% range during most of 2008.
Cornyn Demands Action From White House On Unacceptable VA Backlog:
PHOTO: In Austin hearing from TX groups about efforts to fight VA backlog through public-private partnerships:
PHOTO: Pleasure to meet with Dr. Ben Carson yesterday:
POTUS cherrypicking news on Obamacare rate shock: "For example, while Obama pointed to a reduction in premiums in New York state, state officials in Ohio say the average premium proposal for individual coverage next year is up 88 percent from this year’s average price as reported by the Society of Actuaries. In Maryland, CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield proposed a 25 percent increase in premiums next year, after first seeking a 50 percent increase."
Noonan: "The IRS scandal was connected this week not just to the Washington office—that had been established—but to the office of the chief counsel."
Gone to Texas
Putin's crackdown continues: dissident Alexei Navalny sentenced to 5 years in prison.
National Day of the American Cowboy is officially July 27! Senator Barrasso and I introduced a resolution that the Senate unanimously passed last week to honor the accomplishments and contributions of cowboys across the nation. U.S. Senator Craig Thomas started this tradition of naming the fourth Saturday in July “National Day of the American Cowboy” in 2005 and the day coincides each year with Cheyenne Frontier Days. Since Thomas’ passing, we have continued the tradition in honor of his legacy.
This is the second part of my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” constituent video. In this clip I address some of your concerns over the senate filibuster negotiations. Click the link below to understand why the filibuster is essential for the Senate.
In my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” constituent video, I discuss your concerns over student loan interest rates. Click below to see if your comment was mentioned and to find out more about this topic.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a fall internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply has been extended to July 26, 2013. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
American families invest time, resources, energy, and faith in growing their businesses, farms, and ranches, which many hope to pass on to the next generation. This legacy is undermined, and sometimes prevented all together, by the unfair death tax. I am proud to cosponsor legislation to fully and permanently repeal the death tax. ‘Like’ and ‘Share’ if you agree it’s time to repeal the death tax and read my weekly column to learn more.
I hate to say I told you so, but I told you so.  Every day we see stories like this about Obamacare -- rising prices, fewer choices, and more confusion for patients and providers.    We now have one less choice for health insurance in South Carolina.  In the days to follow, people will likely lose their choice of doctor as well.  Unfortunately, this is just the beginning of the disaster that will befall our country if Obamacare is fully implemented.
Sen Cruz speech in des Moines covers 2pts:defense of Constitution and promoting growth and  opportunity
I'm having lunch @Chris_Moody  talking abt no history on history channel
Working to Improve Military Justice System for Service Members
By putting partisanship aside, we can deliver a better America if we work together. 
 http://1.usa.gov/13qDPFv
ICYMI: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: Ideas for the VA: A bipartisan effort seeks to cut the claims
“We’re pleased Postmaster Donahoe has agreed to visit North Dakota to see firsthand the impact of economic and population growth in the western part of our state. Those growing communities are in need of reliable and timely postal services now more than ever.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=a537216a-556e-4a19-a726-089606cd7567
“This compromise represents a big step forward for students and families. Speaker Boehner has indicated that the House plans to take up the bill soon after the Senate passes it, meaning the legislation could become law before August, giving students the certainty of knowing they will have affordable rates for the coming school year.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=7661d1a0-e193-45c3-9d1b-2f1c39676d96
I will continue working with Senator Roy Blunt and Senator Mary Landrieu to end Russia's U.S. #adoption ban so #Illinois residents like Ed & Lara can be united with their adopted children.
Gas prices are too high in #Illinois. That's why I joined Senator Roy Blunt to introduce a bill easing federal regulations to bring prices down. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=815
The export-import bank, or ex-im as it is commonly known is an example of everything that's wrong with washington today. It is big government serving the interests of big corporations at the expense of individuals, families, and small businesses throughout america.
I stopped by Russell Regional Hospital and met with the new CEO Harold Courtois today. It was great to speak with Harold, a Russell native, about issues facing critical access hospitals like Medicare reimbursement rates as well as the many advances the hospital is making in medicine and health care delivery.
Congrats to the University of Kansas Hospital’s nine specialty programs that are nationally ranked in the top 50 by U.S. News & World Report. These rankings are: Cancer (#27); Cardiology & Heart Surgery (#23); Diabetes & Endocrinology (#38); Ear, Nose & Throat (#21); Gastroenterology and GI Surgery (#19); Geriatrics (#18); Nephrology (kidney) (#35); Neurology & Neurosurgery (#20); and Pulmonology (#17). Keep up the great work on behalf of your Kansas patients.
Yesterday, UAA Chancellor Tom Case, Director Talis J. Colberg and Alaska State Senator Charlie Huggins broke ground for the new Mat-Su Valley Center for the Arts and Learning on the UAA Mat-Su Valley Campus.   This is going to be a beautiful building, a great addition to the growing Mat-Su Valley  Campus and a huge asset for the students there.  This center is expected to be completed in December of 2014 and will seat more than 500.
Tomorrow, my office, my cousin and I are competing in an ALS charity benefit "Corntoss Tournament." So now that we've wrapped up work for the week in DC, we're outside in ninety degree temps and practicing to make sure we represent Alaska proudly.
I want to share good news with Alaskans who are getting ready to take out federal student loans for the coming school year.  The President, Senate Majority and Senate Minority are all saying they have reached an agreement to keep student loan rates low for all borrowers.  This agreement features the permanent fix I sought last week that would tie student loan interest rates to the U.S. Treasury’s 10-year borrowing rate, as the President himself originally suggested.  While it’s not exactly the bill I co-sponsored, that’s what consensus building is about – and it’s a lot better than hiking taxes on retirement accounts to pay for a one-year fix for one type of loan.
Fishery disaster funding, firefighter grants, icebreaker construction funds, tsunami debris relief, Coast Guard operations and considering an Alaska homeport for a National Security Cutter.  I'm so pleased that priorities for our state were addressed and funded through two appropriations bills that passed out of full committee and are ready for Senate consideration.  I also thank my committee colleagues for approving my amendment to reconsider federal flood risk regulations for communities and localities like some in Alaska that have developed their own -- because sometimes the federal government doesn't know best.  Find all the info here:
Important Wall Street Journal column from Peggy Noonan on bombshell revelation in IRS scandal. We now know top DC officials were involved.
"There are many significant and even tragic faults with America’s health care system, but Obamacare was never the answer. It is telling that this week some of the largest unions in the country have expressed the same sentiment."  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/19/a-union-cloud-over-obamacare/?page=1
NA
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses ObamaCare With Orlando Media: http://1.usa.gov/14mRaRb
Sessions' statement on Gunter Annex being named one of the nation's first core data centers:  “I’m extremely excited about the selection of the Montgomery Defense Enterprise Computing Center (DECC) site as one of the eight Core Data Centers for the DoD. This has been a tremendous effort over the past few years that has seen great collaboration between the local community, industry, the leadership at Maxwell-Gunter, and Alabama’s state and federal representation. DISA made a fantastic choice in naming Montgomery, which will mean future jobs and investment in the community.”
July 19, 2013
Great to be in Columbia this morning at the South Carolina Criminal Justice Academy for graduation. Thank you to the new graduates for their efforts to keep us all safe. #southcarolina
Happy Friday, Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly update. Stay cool and have a great weekend!
The Wall Street Journal says support of Obamacare is eroding. Let’s get rid of this train wreck and repeal and replace.
Great news for Shippensburg and Central Pennsylvania: Proctor and gamble's new distribution center will bring nearly 1,000 jobs.
