NA
Senator Ayotte released the following statement today regarding reports that the terrorist organization ISIS has murdered American journalist Steven Sotloff, a 2002 graduate of Kimball Union Academy in Meriden:  "My heartfelt sympathy and condolences go out to the family of Steven Sotloff. These despicable acts further underscore the threat that ISIS represents to not only Americans, but also to people of all faiths and nationalities who stand against ISIS's depraved and oppressive ideology. ISIS's barbaric murder of Americans must not go unanswered, and the president must produce a strategy without delay to defeat ISIS."
I'm enjoying my time in Arkansas. Here is a rundown of some of the meetings and events I've participated in around the state in the past month. 
Cornyn Calls on President to Work with Congress on ISIL:
Grim reports on the brutal murder of American journalist Steven Sotloff confirm what we already knew to be true: Vicious radical Islamists seek to spill American blood and we must take swift action to stop their rise to power and eradicate these extremists now. Members of Congress must unite to clearly and directly confront this evil.
Unacceptable. DHS should be enforcing the rule of law, not encouraging previously deported illegal immigrants to return to the United States. #StopObamasAmnesty
Our hearts and prayers go out to the family of Mr. Sotloff and all those who have suffered under ISIL’s barbaric behavior.  However, condemnation is not enough to deal with this scourge.  It is time we act decisively against ISIL wherever it resides.  Whenever American air power has been employed, in coordination with reliable partners on the ground, ISIL has been devastated.  It’s a tactic that should be aggressively pursued both in Syria and Iraq.  Mr. President, if you can’t come up with a strategy, at least tell us what the goal is regarding ISIL.
AFTER more than three years, almost 200,000 dead in Syria, the near collapse of Iraq, and the rise of the world’s most sinister terrorist army — the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, which has conquered vast swaths of both countries — President Obama’s admission this week that “we don’t have a strategy yet” to deal with this threat is startling. It is also dangerous.  The president clearly wants to move deliberately and consult with allies and Congress as he considers what to do about ISIS. No one disputes that goal. But the threat ISIS poses only grows over time. It cannot be contained. It must be confronted.
Holstein town mtg 28 ppl Topics-Social Security, immig, ethanol, Middle East, EPA regs, coal, wind energy, ISIS, highways, VA, electric cars
Q&A, tour w 32 ppl RJ Thomas Manuf. Cherokee Topics-Tyson plant closing, Reid obstruction, immig, ISIS, Middle East, Ukraine, natl security
Q&A w Storm Lake Rotary 29 ppl most Rotary mtg Qs focus on policy This time policy was immig otherwise Qs abt start in politics, 99 cty mtgs
Odebolt town mtg 37 ppl Topics-Benghazi, Citizens United, ISIS, EPA regs, VA, hydrogen, student loans, RFS, young farmer program
Rockwell City town mtg 49ppl Topics-iA pipeline, immig, VA, inversions, ChildCustody, cancer rsch, sec 179, EPA, debt, ForeignAid, IRS, ISIS
Did you miss Senator Johnson on Wisconsin Public Television's “Here and Now”? Go to WPT’s page to see the full interview on #ISIS and air strikes in #Iraq.  
Dress for Success Lexington is a model for serving the community. They are not just helping people – more importantly they are providing the tools and training for women to help themselves, and in turn do the same for others.
Thanks to the 50 Rotarians who turned out for lunch and a good conversation today in Emporia. We discussed the need for leadership from President Obama regarding conflicts in the Middle East, education, Startup Act 3.0, health care and Kansas' military bases. It was great to have Kansas State Representative Don Hill, Kansas State Senator Jeff Longbine and Emporia State President Michael Shonrock in attendance. Above, I'm pictured with Emporians Sam Purohit and Julia Pyle.
I enjoyed visiting with KVOE 1400 AM, Country 101.7 FM, Mix 104.9 FM and KVOE.com's Chuck Samples before I gave remarks at Emporia Rotary Club. Click the link below to hear me discuss a number issues including the Reading Post Office, my visit with Emporia State University President Michael Shonrock and changes at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
It was great to catch up with Emporia State University President Michael Shonrock prior to giving remarks at Rotary Club.
While I’m glad that the VA has assigned a nurse practitioner to its Wasilla facility to provide relief and care in the near term, I am not easing up in the least to press the VA for doctors and a sustainable solution that addresses why the CBOC has been unable to find physicians that will stay long-term and not only treat the patients but become a member of the community. 
Had a wonderful experience hiking on Root Glacier in the Wrangell-St. Elias National Park!
In case you missed it,  I spoke to Futures Magazine about monetary policy and more.   Check it out HERE: http://www.futuresmag.com/2014/08/24/the-alpha-pages-interview-senator-rand-paul
Microsoft takes a stand and defies court order by refusing to give e-mails to U.S. government.   READ: http://windowsitpro.com/paul-thurrotts-wininfo/microsoft-defies-court-order-will-not-give-emails-us-government
ICYMI: Rubio, Cassidy: Sanctions On Venezuela Are A Matter Of Human Rights: http://www.theadvertiser.com/story/opinion/2014/09/01/sanctions-venezuela-matter-human-rights/14948087/  ...  In June, the House passed its bill unanimously. Not surprisingly, the Venezuelan government opposes these sanctions and, just as the Senate was about to unanimously pass legislation to impose them earlier this month, Maduro’s regime succeeded in finding a senator to block them: Mary Landrieu.   The Senate Foreign Relations Committee assured Landrieu that the bill would not affect Louisiana jobs and has no bearing on Citgo’s operations in the U.S.   When the Senate reconvenes in September, she and the Democratic majority will face an important choice about whether the U.S. will continue to stand up for human rights, or whether we will allow repressive strong men like Nicolas Maduro to dictate America’s human rights policy.   This issue and this sanctions legislation is about human rights and is specifically targeted at individuals in Venezuela’s government who abuse them. It has nothing to do with jobs and energy policy.   It has to do with responding to the violent crackdowns we’ve seen in the streets of Caracas, and standing in solidarity with young Venezuelan leaders like Leopoldo Lopez, who’s been sitting in jail for months for opposing the regime so passionately and courageously. It has nothing to do with a Citgo oil refinery in Louisiana, as Landrieu and the Venezuelan regime would like Louisianans to believe.  ...
My heart goes out to the family and friends of Steven Sotloff – no one should ever have to go through losing a loved one in such a barbaric manner. I will continue to keep the family of Mr. Sotloff and all the victims of ISIS in my prayers.    This tragedy reemphasizes that it is far past time for the President and this administration to determine a strategy for countering ISIS. Our nation’s current foreign policy remains nearly impossible to decipher, while the threat of ISIS’ brutal brand of violence continues to put millions of innocents in harm’s way.    The President must establish, clarify and communicate to both Congress and the American people the next steps forward in regard to ISIS, and must do so quickly. Those in danger do not have the luxury of waiting.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has proposed a new rule that I think is inconsistent with existing law and it's very troubling for landowners. Certainly farmers, developers, even residential homeowners should be concerned about this rule. Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1oAjtjD
Wicker Report | As the situation in Iraq deteriorates, a radical offshoot of al-Qaeda is seeking to expand its influence. Known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), the terrorist movement has launched a barbaric campaign of torture, mass executions, crucifixions, and beheadings. Its savagery is broadcast to the world through gruesome propaganda online, including the recently released video documenting the horrific murder of U.S. photojournalist James Foley.
