Today, Senators Alexander and Flake introduced two amendments to the tax extenders bill that would rein in the wind production tax credit, what Alexander calls “the most conspicuous, wasteful taxpayer subsidy in Washington, DC.” The two-year extension currently being considered would cost taxpayers an additional $13 billion over the next ten years. Read more here: http://tiny.cc/33zwfx
Great to see students from Nashua Catholic Regional Junior High on Capitol Hill today!
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte enjoyed welcoming New Hampshire law enforcement officers to her Capitol Hill office.  She visited with officers from Lyndeborough, West Lebanon, Temple, Wilton, Salem, Chester, Merrimack, Hooksett, Keene, Windham and Manchester, and thanked them for their exceptional service to our state.  Here are a few photos from the reception.
Are employees at the ObamaCare processing facility in Wentzville and elsewhere being paid taxpayer dollars – all to do nothing? Americans deserve answers immediately. 
The The St. Louis Post-Dispatch & STLtoday.com noted my efforts to address serious allegations surrounding the mental health care treatment of Missouri’s veterans at the St. Louis Veterans Affairs hospital.
You can read my full opening statement from this morning’s VA hearing below. Also, you can stream today’s hearing by going to veterans.senate.gov
My staff will be hosting representatives from the Small Business Administration (SBA) in Vilonia and Mayflower tomorrow to help small business owners who were affected by the tornadoes.   The Vilonia event will be at Big Ben's, 1 College St. N from 10-11 am on May 16.  The Mayflower event will be at the Mayflower Senior Center, 1 Ashmore St. from 1:30-2:30 pm on May 16.
As required by our wager, Senator Donnelly and I recognized the UConn women's basketball team's win over Notre Dame by giving the senators from Connecticut treats from the South Bend Chocolate Company.
The Healthy Indiana Plan is an example of how the Hoosier state has been leading the way with innovative ideas and state-based solutions. I commend Governor Pence and his administration for their commitment to maintaining a consumer-driven approach that empowers participants and provides access to quality health care. Going forward, I will work with the Governor and our Congressional delegation to ensure the Obama Administration gives this proposal full and fair consideration. 
NA
NA
NA
VIDEO: During a U.S. Senate Finance Committee hearing yesterday, I questioned Health and Human Services Secretary nominee Sylvia Mathews Burwell about reductions to the successful and popular Medicare Advantage (MA) program and the practical implications for Idaho, which has one of the highest rates of enrollment in MA nationwide.  More here: http://1.usa.gov/1mYvYe8
Members of the Maine Warden Service’s Critical Incident Stress Management Team are in Washington, D.C. for National Police Week.  This special team provides peer support to wardens and other agencies that have responded to unusually severe or traumatic events.  Members of this group were recognized last year for their efforts in debriefing and supporting police officers who had responded to the Sandy Hook tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut.
Senator Collins contributed an article to Women's Health Magazine.  "The Need to Know... on Diabetes"
NA
VIDEO: Cornyn: VA Lacks Credibility 
Cornyn Responds To Shinseki Testimony: 
Senator Corker is partnering with Google to help Tennessee small businesses by hosting a Tennessee Get Your Business Online event in Chattanooga on Monday, May 19.  “As a former mayor and businessman, I appreciate the role small businesses play in communities across Tennessee,” said Corker. “I am proud to partner with Google to host this event and hope local businesses will take advantage of this outstanding opportunity to kickstart and build their online presence.”  At the Tennessee Get Your Business Online event, Google experts will help small business owners create a free website, and those in attendance will receive the following.  - Customized domain name - Free web hosting for one year - Local business listing on Google  - Additional tools, training and resources   The Google experts will also help train business owners on how to reach more customers online.  For more information or to register for this free event, click here: http://goo.gl/6C39cB.
Senator Bob Corker, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, today commended the committee’s passage of the Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act (S.1217), which he coauthored with Senator Mark Warner, and called on the Senate Majority Leader to schedule a floor vote on the bill this Congress. The bill passed the committee in a 13-9 bipartisan vote:   “After more than a year of discussions and a dozen hearings, I am extremely proud the banking committee took a significant step toward building a modern and more efficient housing finance system that provides access to creditworthy borrowers while protecting taxpayers from writing massive checks in the heat of a future financial crisis,” said Corker. “This bill serves as a model of how we can tackle the major challenges in our economy and should become the framework for how our housing finance system will ultimately look.”   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1sSaaQG. 
Freedom rocks!
Congress, not unelected bureaucrats, must lead the fight to keep the internet free, innovative, and growing our economy.
The dedication of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum is a powerful reminder of the terrorist attack on our nation almost thirteen years ago. #911Museum
After emails showed that Lois Lerner was communicating directly with the Department of Justice, I sent Attorney General Holder a letter asking him to reconsider his decision to not appoint a special prosecutor in the IRS targeting scandal. And now today more emails have surfaced, this time showing that #IRS targeting of Tea Party groups was coordinated from Washington D.C.—contrary to the Administration’s initial story that this was all done by lower ranking IRS officials in Cincinnati.  So we now know the Department of Justice was involved with the IRS targeting, and the Administration’s initial explanation about the targeting was false. This Administration has lost all credibility to investigate this partisan scandal, especially given that they have entrusted the investigation to be led by a major Democratic donor. A special prosecutor with real independence should be appointed immediately.
If your “best barbecue” list doesn’t have Texas at the top … your list is wrong.
Today I joined Senator Barrasso and Rep. Lummis in sending a letter to Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki regarding the failures of the department and the efforts to “game” the wait time reporting data on how quickly veterans received care. They are not delivering the high quality, prompt care our veterans deserve and we want answers.
The EPA, Keystone Pipeline, Russia, Israel, earmarks and aerial firefighting, more in the latest Enzi Insider.
The Wall Street Journal hit the nail on the head with a great piece on why the Senate has turned into the world’s greatest dysfunctional body.
I hope those in charge at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs are as interested in fixing what's wrong as they are in minimizing the political fallout
I'm joining the Coby Mach Show on KFOR 1240 AM at 5:10 CT to provide an update from Washington. Listen in here: http://v5.player.abacast.com/v5.1/player/index.php?uid=6156
Kaufman Trailer’s 75,000 square foot facility has brought good paying jobs to Beaver City, NE. I appreciated the opportunity to visit the facility last month to learn more about how this small operation grew into a successful multi-state business.
I was pleased to work on the highway portion of the six year transportation bill, which authorizes long-term funding and gives state and local government the certainty and flexibility they need to develop our nation’s infrastructure. I fought to include two key provisions to give states the flexibility to expedite road projects and streamline the environmental review process. That means lower costs, less red tape, and more common sense.
I want all of Nevada's U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and clinics to be thoroughly audited immediately.  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbYalIQbmpE
Here is Pam’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
DOT’s decision to award more than $17 million to improve North Dakota’s airports reflects our ongoing efforts to improve infrastructure across North Dakota, especially in the rapidly growing western portion of our state that continues to see increased demand at airports. It remains imperative that we work to meet this increased demand with smart investments that will develop airports so they can meet the demands of the businesses and individuals who rely on these airports to further the work that is creating the tremendous economic growth we’re experiencing.
Grand Sky is a tremendous opportunity for the Grand Forks region and also for Northrop Grumman. The company continues to work closely with Grand Forks County, the Air Force and its other partners to build this one-of-a-kind facility that will establish the Grand Forks region as the premier northern hub for UAS operations and innovation.
Mikey and I are honored to join our fellow North Dakotans and Americans today in pausing to observe Peace Officers Memorial Day as a formal way of commemorating all of the fallen officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice while upholding justice and protecting our communities. Our nation’s peace officers serve with courage and dedication as they work each day to ensure we can continue to live in peaceful and safe communities. It is important that we recognize the sacrifice and service of all of our peace officers, and especially those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. Today our thoughts and prayers go out to the families, friends and colleagues of all of our nation’s fallen peace officers, and we hope today’s memorials serve as fitting tributes to the important legacies of all fallen peace officers.
Today the EPW committee voted out of committee the MAP-21 Reauthorization Act (S.2322) that provides necessary long-term solutions to our nation’s transportation and infrastructure system. I was able to secure amendments in the bill, one of which that will continue to support transportation research and education and the other that will provide Natural Gas Vehicles access to HOV lanes. Please take a moment to read more here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-progress-on-map-21-reauthorization-act
Senator Johnson with the president of Jagemann Stamping Co. in Manitowoc, Ralph Hardt, after his company won the Small Business of the Year for the State of Wisconsin Award. Congratulations, Jagemann Stamping Co!
Senator Johnson would like to invite you to his town halls in Sturtevant and West Bend.   Information on the town hall in Sturtevant can be found here: http://1.usa.gov/T6tDRl  Information on the town hall in West Bend can be found here: http://1.usa.gov/1lDmYHG
If you like your doctor, that's just a nasty old "choice habit," says insurer of Obamacare era. http://t.co/nCWYvVZrFb
The era of Obamacare: "We have to break people away from the choice habit ... this fixation on open access." http://t.co/VgHPOCyecU
Every day, police risk their lives fighting gangs to keep our communities safe. Share to thank them for #NationalPoliceWeek.
I joined students from Southeastern Illinois College, Harrisburg, IL for coffee in DC. Let me know if you'll be visiting: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=visit_dc
Here's how to #RebuildAmerica: 
My tele-townhall is starting now.  You can tune in here:
Here's video of my remarks today on the VA allegations that began in Arizona last month - our veterans deserve answers, accountability and leadership from the Obama Administration 
Today I shared the experiences of veterans in Kansas and all across the country. Below is a clip focused on the experience of personnel at the Jackson, Mississippi, Veterans Affairs Medical Center who were visited by VA staff on Monday as part of what VA Secretary Eric Shinseki called the “nationwide, face-to-face audit” of the VA system. The feedback about their experience speaks to my concerns that the nationwide audit is simply damage control, and not truly a comprehensive and sincere look at the magnitude of the problems at hand.
You can watch the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing on the State of VA Health Care and Secretary Shinseki's testimony at the link below. 
This morning, I spoke to the TODAY Show about reports of treatment delays for wounded vets at VA hospitals across the country. Action must be taken immediately. 
President Obama’s appointment of his Deputy Chief of Staff to oversee this VA review is a clear indication that Secretary Shinseki isn’t capable of leading this himself. Why would you assign someone other than your Cabinet Secretary if you had faith in their abilities to lead and manage? The fact is, the VA needs new leadership. 
This morning I will question VA Secretary Shinseki directly about the VA's mediocrity and continued disservice to our nation’s heroes. Please tune in as I visit with Fox News at 8 a.m. CT about my plans for the hearing.
It's an important day in Alaska and across the country: Peace Officers Memorial Day.  As Alaskans mourn our recent fallen Alaska State Troopers, it's a valuable opportunity to stop and appreciate those whose vocation in life is keeping us safe and sound.  On behalf of a grateful state, thank you.
This week is National Book Week, and I'm thrilled to have donated my 9,500th book to promote Alaska reading!  I want to thank the Library of Congress for working with my office to make these donations possible. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=2d5ea529-d61d-4563-be0d-ad97ff8a4f1a
There's so much opportunity for innovation and research in the Arctic.  I'm glad that the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is enthusiastic about its Assured Arctic Awareness initiative, so we can get more data and information to move forward in the region intelligently.
The DATA Act was the result of a bipartisan, bicameral effort to upgrade fiscal transparency. Read about the successful legislation here: 
I’ve read David Barron’s memos concerning the legal justification for killing an American citizen overseas without a trial or legal representation, and I am not satisfied. While the President forbids me from discussing what is in the memos, I can tell you what is not in the memos.   There is no valid legal precedent to justify the killing of an American citizen not engaged in combat. In fact, one can surmise as much because the legal question at hand has never been adjudicated. Therefore, I shall not only oppose the nomination of David Barron, but will filibuster.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1158 
Until that memo is made public, I'll do everything in my power to stop David Barron’s nomination.   WATCH: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/05/14/Exclusive-Sen-Rand-Paul-Does-Obama-Recognize-the-Fifth-Amendment
It is completely unacceptable for federal agencies to hold legal hemp seeds that will be used for Kentucky’s legal hemp pilot projects. The seeds should be released immediately so Kentucky can implement the projects and we can move forward with the reintroduction of industrial hemp, which has great potential to create jobs in our state.
This week is National Police Week. Join me in honoring the brave law enforcement officers who have given the ultimate sacrifice to keep our neighborhoods and communities safe.
Kansas Electric Cooperatives, Inc. came by to celebrate the bill we were able to get signed into law to protect rural co-op pensions and to advocate a reasonable federal energy and environmental policy that will allow us to provide affordable and reliable energy to all Kansans.
It is always a pleasure to meet with the women of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Excellence in Public Service Series. The Eisenhower Series encourages, inspires, educates and prepares selected conservative women leaders to seek new levels of involvement in government and politics. Thank you for all you do for Kansas and for your communities.
Thank you to the Kansas Hospital Association for stopping by and offering your advice and counsel.
I was also honored to be named a "Guardian of Seniors' Rights" by the 60 Plus Association.
Earlier today Senator Sessions delivered a rebuttal to remarks from Senator Reid and Senator Schumer.   Reid and Schumer demanded that the House pass an immigration plan that would double the flow of new guest workers competing against jobless Americans.  Sessions vowed to keep fighting for struggling and forgotten US workers: "We are not going to be scared or intimidated into handing over control of our immigration laws to a small group of special interests."
NA
The Senate is closed for business. Used to have 9 amendment votes before lunch any given day. Senator Harry Reid's allowed 9 in the last 10 months. 
It is time to provide justice for victims of child pornography. 
In FY 2013, just 1.7% of National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding went towards researching a cure for Alzheimer's. We can do better. #ENDALZ
William Thaddeus Coleman of Philadelphia, PA is a Penn alum who served as the first African American Supreme Court law clerk.  This Saturday marks the anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education, in which Coleman co-authored the legal brief that led the U.S. Supreme Court to hold racial segregation in public schools as unconstitutional.  Pictured here is my Philadelphia Field Representative Imani Johnson at a dedication in his honor.
Yesterday, James Fitzpatrick from my Philly office met with Morgan Berman, who is a graduate of Philadelphia University's Blackstone Launchpad- which offers assistance and guidance to students who have entrepreneurial aspirations.   James and Morgan are also both graduates of Springside Chestnut Hill Academy in Philadelphia.
The highway program reauthorization bill clears the way for important highway construction projects in Mississippi and across the country.
Honored to meet with the family of fallen Enterprise Police Chief Randy Boykin. #PoliceWeek
Today, I met the family of Tupelo Sgt. Gale Stauffer who lost his life in the line of duty. #PoliceWeek
