The defense authorization bill includes legislation authored by Senators Ayotte and Murray to provide victims of sexual assault in all military branches with a Special Victims' Counsel -- a trained military lawyer to assist the victim throughout the legal process.  The bill also includes provisions authored by Ayotte and Murray that enhance responsibilities for the Pentagon’s Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office and provide Sexual Assault Response Coordinators to members of the National Guard and Reserve.
I am co-sponsoring several immigration amendments that are central to strengthening our nation’s border security. Click on the link below to learn more about these important amendments and please share you questions in the section below.
NA
We were busy in the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs today discussing pending legislation to help our veterans.
On Monday night, we held our third telephone town hall of the year. Read the recap and sign-up to be part of the next on by following the link below.
Bobbi and I are deeply saddened by the passing of Thyra Thomson. She was a dear friend, and we will miss her greatly.   In Washington, I have a picture in my Senate office of Thyra and President Ronald Reagan for all to see. It was taken in Cheyenne when she was Secretary of State. It is a constant reminder of Thyra’s leadership, her legacy and her commitment to our state and our nation.   Our heartfelt condolences go to all of Thyra's family. We are so fortunate that she chose to live her life in service to Wyoming.
I spoke this morning about the Senate Democrats' latest attempt to limit minority rights and end extended debate on important issues. If Democrats break the rules to change the rules, political minorities- and all Americans- will lose.
More employers expect health care costs to increase because of #Obamacare. http://cbsn.ws/13XThXD
NA
NA
NA
News Release: The hands-on learning experiences about the political and governing process that congressional internships provide are invaluable, which is why I am thrilled to have nine new interns in my Washington, D.C., and state offices for the summer semester.  To learn more about Rachel, John, Katharine, Angie, Max, Dave, Jake, Paul and Gary, click the link below.
Enjoyed meeting with teachers and students from Taylor View Middle School, from Twin Falls. #idpol
For thos who think we have all the border patrol we need: NYPD has 34,000 officers (302 square miles)   http://www.policymic.com/articles/11292/nyc-shooting-rate-rises-11-percent-but-bloomberg-slashes-nypd-by-6-000-officers   Border Patrol has  21,394 officers (200,000 square miles, as defined by Gang of 8 bill)   http://www.cbp.gov/linkhandler/cgov/border_security/border_patrol/usbp_statistics/usbp_fy12_stats/staffing_1993_2012.ctt/staffing_1993_2012.pdf
West Blast: Cornyn calls FEMA aid denial "inexcusable:"
The Cornyn RESULTS amendment would increase the number of Border Patrol agents by 5,000.
Cornyn Releases Text of RESULTS Amendment:
Go Spurs  Go! Game #3
Patriotic socks in honor of an American patriot. Wishing a very happy 89th birthday to President George H.W. Bush!
This debate is about one simple thing. If we're going to raise the debt ceiling, it should require 60 votes, not a simple partisan majority, so that we have a conversation about fixing the deep fiscal and economic challenges in this country.
Outrageous: even MORE evidence the IRS is out of control and should be abolished and our tax code reformed to be simple and flat.
Washington needs to get out of the business of deciding whether local schools are succeeding or failing. States should have more control over their education performance standards. That is why I have introduced an amendment to an early and secondary education reform bill that would provide for more state and local control by eliminating federal mandates on how educational agencies identify and improve low-performing schools. We need to remember the pressure that the states are put under by parents and legislatures, and let them have a little bit of flexibility.
NA
Spoke with CBS News this morning about possible State Department cover-ups and halted investigations.
Grassley Discusses the False Advertising from the Authors of the Immigration Bill
Nevada’s unique location and position as a world-class travel destination leave it highly vulnerable to our nation’s flawed immigration system. As a state that faces many of the same problems of other southern and southwestern border states like Arizona, Texas and California, Nevada deserves a seat at the table and should have a voice on the Southern Border Security Commission.   Today I filed my first amendment to the immigration reform legislation. The amendment expands the Southern Border Security Commission to include the southwestern state of Nevada.  http://1.usa.gov/15WUwb0
NA
As a friend of Kosovo, I was honored to receive an award from Prime Minister Hashim Thaci and discuss Kosovo issues.
Follow me on Instagram! You can do this by clicking the link or searching "Senator Kirk" on Instagram.
NA
Visiting Washington D.C.? Please stop by my office in Hart 524 & ask for a Capitol tour! http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=visit_dc
Aside from taking inadequate steps to secure the border, the "Gang of 8" immigration proposal has several other problems.  It diminishes Congressional oversight over how the reforms will be implemented.  The bill surrenders control of immigration law to the Secretary of Homeland Security and other unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats.  This bill is inherently unfair to the many who have tried to navigate our current broken immigration system.  Also, supporters of this bill have refused to do a cost analysis of this bill, and taxpayers deserve to understand what the costs of these reforms will be.    I am well aware that if this bill does not pass the Senate, we will still have an immigration problem the very next day.  That’s why I have been encouraging Members of Congress to support a step-by-step approach to immigration reform.  Let’s not hold hostage the things we can get done today because we are unable to iron out every contentious issue.    There are more than 40 individual pieces of immigration-related legislation that have been introduced in this congress alone – half of which I have sponsored, cosponsored or could support.  The only reason immigration reform is controversial is because the Senate refuses to take it step by step.
Senator McConnell met with Secretary of Transportation Nominee Anthony Foxx in his office in the U.S. Capitol this afternoon. The meeting provided Senator McConnell the opportunity to highlight the importance of several Kentucky transportation projects, including the Brent Spence Bridge in Northern Kentucky, Ohio River Bridges in Louisville and the I-69 Bridge in Henderson.
 
 “As Republican Leader, I am able to meet face to face with Administration officials to ensure that Kentucky priorities are brought to their attention,” Senator McConnell said. “I appreciate Mayor Foxx taking the time to discuss with me the importance of several Kentucky transportation projects and the challenges to building them during these tough economic times.”
Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with Kentucky students of the Kentucky Historical Society who are in DC for the National History Day program. Good luck in the competition. #NHD2013
The special way of life Kansans enjoy would not be possible without access to quality health care. Unfortunately, Washington health policies often fail to account for the realities of rural health care. Rural hospitals facing medical workforce shortages need reasonable flexibility to appropriately staff their facilities so they can provide a full range of services to their communities. A CMS policy requiring a supervising physician to be physically present when Medicare beneficiaries receive outpatient therapy service, the majority of which are low risk, jeopardizes access to important care.   To address this issue, today I introduced S. 1143, the Protecting Access to Rural Therapy Services (PARTS) Act to preserve patient safety and ease unreasonable regulations on hospitals. Click the link below to learn more.
Page 2
Page 1
There are no less than 15 different definitions of “rural” in our government.  Let me tell you- no other state in the country does rural like Alaska does rural, but some of our communities are rural by one standard, but not by others. That’s frustrating and inefficient, so today, in the Senate HELP Committee, we were asked to vote on creating a new Office of Rural Education – to create a new level of bureaucracy and use 5 DIFFERENT definitions of rural communities for school policy.  I just couldn’t support it.  I think we need to bring control of education from DC back home to our schools and school districts.
Thousands of Hmong-Americans worked side-by-side with American troops in Vietnam and risked their lives to support our efforts, and I believe they deserve a final honor of burial next to their brothers-in-arms.  I advocated for my Hmong Honor Burial bill earlier today by testifying before the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee.
I just had to share this beautiful bird’s eye view- quite literally- from Kodiak.  These young Bald Eagles followed the model plane as it flew around the island’s wind turbines.  What’s even more amazing- according to the Kodiak Electric Association, there have never been any birds killed by those turbines!  Very cool!  Find more info about the video here: http://bit.ly/13VToDi
Congrats to the Mahoning Valley on the dedication of the new billion dollar Vallourec seamless pipe mill. Fueling America's energy future and providing jobs in Ohio.
I also spoke with Jake Tapper from CNN's The Lead.  Watch HERE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWHa3vO5CfA&feature=youtu.be
Earlier, I appeared on Fox's Your World with Neil Cavuto.  Watch HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3VbftI0BwE
My good friend, Congressman Thomas Massie blasts NSA for spying on Americans on the House floor.   Press 'LIKE' if you agree!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=t5-Q5fSbofQ
I enjoyed meeting with students from the Kentucky Historical Society this afternoon. Kentucky is proud to have you as representatives in the national competition. Good luck!
"This Administration is saying that suspending the Bill of Rights is now the new normal. In my world, the Constitution still applies."  Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2013/06/12/sorry-mr-obama-constitution-is-not-negotiable/#ixzz2W1V80h00
Thanks to the Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles and National Hispanic Leadership Conference for hosting me at this morning's Latino Faith and Immigration Forum.
This morning, I spoke  at a forum on immigration, organized by the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference and Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles.  To read my remarks, click here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=848
Last night, I appeared on Fox's The O'Reilly Factor to discuss NSA surveillance.  Watch below.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GK9YcP_srMc
"This assault on personal privacy affects the Facebook generation more than anyone else. Your generation is completely digitized and uploaded. Everything you do is traceable via phone, email and bank records. And it is you, more than anyone, who should be outraged by this astounding assault on your constitutional right to personal privacy."  Click here to read the op-ed I wrote for millennials and Policy Mic: http://www.policymic.com/articles/48043/the-nsa-is-spying-on-you-here-is-how-you-should-fight-back
So glad I got a moment during today's HELP Committee hearing on the Elementary and Secondary Education Act Reauthorization to step out and meet the Steele family who were here for a tour of the Capitol.
Rules Committee hearing on GPO nomination today.
http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/06/sen_richard_shelby_calls_us_pr.html#incart_river_default
Sessions: "Who do we owe our loyalty to? Some business who would like to have more labor or to the American people who fight our wars, obey our laws, raise our children and pay their taxes to this country?”
Here is an excerpt of Sessions’ remarks on the Senate floor earlier today on the Gang of Eight’s broken promise to create a merit-based immigration system:  “Over the next decade, this bill would legalize well over 30 million immigrants. Only 2.5 million of those would be through the new merit-based system. And even among those 2.5 million, many will be receiving points for being family members.”  You can read more here:
NA
Always enjoy calling constituents who have contacted our office to discuss what's important to them.
Great to share some sweet tea with fellow South Carolinians at our weekly Palmetto Wednesday!
NA
This morning I met with representatives from the AARP Pennsylvania Office: William Johnston-Walsh, state director; James Palmquist, state president and Ray Landis, advocacy manager. Thank you gentlemen for taking the time to come to Washington.
I am deeply grateful to the organ donor and his or her family for the potentially life-saving gift to Sarah Murnaghan. Now that a suitable donor has been found, a prayer would help, too - a prayer Sarah's body accepts the new organ the way doctors believe it can. The judge gave Sarah a chance to receive a new lung. Now the surgical team at CHOP is giving her a chance at life.
Senator Wicker spoke on the Senate floor today about his priorities for solving America's broken immigration system --  specifically calling for more border security and enforcement.  Watch Senator Wicker's speech by clicking the link below.
Happening Now: Senator Wicker is on the Senate floor speaking about the immigration bill. You can watch his speech by clicking the link below.
In Case You Missed It:   Senator Wicker joined the Paul Gallo Show on Supertalk Mississippi this morning to discuss the immigration reform bill. Click the link below to listen to the interview.
