Today, Sen. Alexander attended the AutoConnect 2014 luncheon in Nashville, where he told leaders of the auto industry that in order to maintain its position as the nation's leading state for new auto jobs, Tennessee needs to defend its right-to-work law, continue to have the nation's best four-lane highway system, and provide a skilled workforce for the advanced manufacturers that are looking for a place to “build in the United States what they sell in the United States.”  Alexander said, “I’ve recently visited several of the new auto manufacturing plants and suppliers around the state. It is evident that our state is the right place for the auto industry and the many good jobs it brings. At a time when it’s too hard for Americans to find a job, Tennessee needs to continue to provide a friendly business climate to the auto industry with strong right-to-work laws, a skilled workforce, and the best highway system to keep attracting these new good jobs to our state.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=b3a081a8-0ba7-42bd-91eb-f4279844f6aa
Enjoyed having lunch with students from Milford High School's "We the People" program and their teacher, Dave Alcox. These outstanding students have a very bright future ahead!
Several of my colleagues and I on the Senate Environment and Public Works (EPW) Committee released a report today to shine a light on the truth behind the science and economic benefits of hydraulic fracturing.   The report documents a concerted effort by fracking opponents, including many within the Obama administration, to mislead the American people about the benefits and safety of fracking. The report debunks claims that fracking has a devastating impact on the environment with empirical evidence and outlines how states have safely regulated the process for decades.  You can read the report by following this link to my blog.
Great turnout for the town meeting at Emmett City Hall.  Thanks to those of you in Gem County who came out! #Idaho
Lively discussion in Horseshoe Bend!  Thank you to everyone who came out to the town meeting. #Idaho
A warm discussion during a cool morning at the Crouch Community Hall.  My next stop is Horseshoe Bend! #Idaho
Thanks to Rep. Raúl R. Labrador for joining me for a town meeting in Nampa, Idaho.  I always appreciate the opportunity to address Idahoans and their concerns directly. #Idaho
VIDEO - Fox News: Cornyn Calls for Hearings Following Report ICE Misled Congress on Detainee Releases:
Cornyn Calls for Hearings Following Report That ICE Misled Congress, Public on Detainee Releases:
Senator Corker continued his travels across West Tennessee yesterday, making stops in Madison, Chester and Fayette counties. He began the day in Jackson, meeting with West Tennessee mayors. Later, he spoke to students at Freed-Hardeman University’s chapel service. Corker wrapped the day in Fayette County, meeting with business and community leaders at a luncheon hosted by the Fayette County Chamber of Commerce.
The attacks in Ottawa and Jerusalem yesterday are stark reminders that while radical Islamic terrorism may have originated in the Middle East, it is not confined to that region.  Our great and good friends in Canada and Israel were targeted because both countries share the same core principles of tolerance and freedom that we in America hold so dear—and which are hated by the vicious terrorists whose ultimate goal is to destroy us all.   In Ottawa, a brave soldier named Cpl. Nathan Cirillo was guarding the symbol of his country's national resolve when he was brutally gunned down by a recent convert to radical Islam, apparently aggrieved by Canada’s support for the operation against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. This episode is all too reminiscent of the attack on Fort Hood in Texas in 2009 when fourteen Americans were slaughtered on one of our key military installations in a claimed retaliation for Muslims killed in Afghanistan and Iraq.   In Jerusalem, a three month old baby girl, Chaya Zissel-Brown, was run over by a car driven by a Hamas associate who deliberately crashed into a crowd of civilians embarking from a commuter train. This innocent baby was in fact an American citizen as her parents had recently emigrated to Israel from the United States. This calculated targeting of innocents is all too reminiscent of the attack last month in Moore, Oklahoma, in which yet another self-radicalized Muslim convert decapitated a co-worker, Colleen Hufford, while screaming Islamist tenets.   The United States stands unshakably with our close allies as we continue the long fight against the enemy who does not distinguish between our countries. We empathize with their losses as they are our losses as well.  Ultimately, our solidarity and shared commitment to the defense of our way of life is the source of our strength. As Prime Minister Stephen Harper said today, such episodes only "lead us to strengthen our resolve, to strengthen and redouble our efforts to work with our allies around the world and fight against the terrorist organizations who brutalize those in other countries with the hope of bringing their savagery to our shores. They will have no safe haven."
There was a time not long ago where there was a bipartisan commitment to religious liberty. #StandWithPastors
It was a treat to stop by the Lander Bake Shop on Oct 15 and try their homemade baked goods. #WyoWorks
I learned from employees of Wyoming Community Bank in Lander on Oct 15 how the government’s new regulations are making it harder for individuals to get a loan when they need it. #WyoWorks
“The Senate once again passed a resolution designating October 26 as a day for our country to join together to honor and thank our servicemembers and their families. To show our appreciation, I encourage North Dakotans to honor our deployed troops on this day through their thoughts, prayers or acts of service. Our military men and women represent the very best of our country, and it is fitting and right that we should express our thanks to them.”
The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Republicans released an important report today dispelling the falsehoods perpetuated by the Obama Administration and environmental extremists on a method commonly used to develop our nation’s energy resources. As I have long said, hydraulic fracturing is a time-tested, safe technology that is absolutely essential to the energy independence of the United States. As recent reports have shown, states like Oklahoma have led for more than 60 years in ensuring this method is well-monitored and regulated. Unfortunately, despite the President touting his support of natural gas, the Administration’s disdain for the method to extract this clean, cheap energy resource shows little interest in actually sporting the growth of this industry. This timely committee report sets the record straight and serves to remind us that the development of domestic energy resources provides enormous potential for our nation’s economic growth and energy security.   Read more about the report here: http://www.epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=beed1c2e-1210-48f1-8367-f967fab49c38
#TBT to March 1, 2000: I had the opportunity to visit with 52 students from Carver Middle School in Tulsa, Okla. after a tour by my staff of the U.S. Capitol. I always enjoy seeing Oklahomans, whether families or school groups, during their visits to D.C. For more information about signing up for a tour of the Capitol and to visit my office during your trip to Washington, please visit my website. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/visiting
Sen. Johnson today at Kwik Trip in Oshkosh: 'I started my career in Walgreens — first as a dishwasher, then as a soda jerk and a fry cook, so I’ve done the old cash registers before you had all the fancy touch screens.' Check out the full story on his visit below.
Sen. Johnson is at the Kwik Trip at 5821 Green Valley Road in Oshkosh NOW if you would like to stop by for a cup of coffee and say hello! He will be there until 11:30 this morning.
DC insiders don't want you to know what's in Tom Coburn's #Wastebook2014 including $150k+ teaching monkeys to gamble, but every taxpayer has a right to know what they are paying for.  Senator Coburn's Wastebook demonstrates what will happen to your hard-earned tax dollars if we don't fight to stop wasteful spending. I am committed to cutting spending and fixing the broken budget process.  Read more:
Several constituents have asked for my thoughts about what transpired at Wasilla High School Tuesday. Suicide, particularly youth suicide, is devastating our state.   One suicide is too many.  Sadly suicide rates here are about twice the rate of suicide across the rest of the nation, and in our rural villages the rates are four times the national average.  These losses are not just numbers- they are friends, family, coworkers, and people that we love. We all need to work together to address the causes and help prevent suicide at every turn. We need to look not only to our mental health professionals but to each other, to our family, teachers, students, counselors, elders-truly, the entire community. And when a life is lost, we need to remember to be there for the survivors, the friends and family left behind.   Suicide touches people in a raw and emotional way that is never forgotten. The tragedy of suicide leaves a ripple effect of sadness and loss that must also be addressed, and done so in a sensitive and compassionate way. Words matter. And when it is hard to find the right words, perhaps a caring hug is the best response.
The energy sector in Ohio is an American success story, and it's a story we want to continue.
Rubio, Colleagues: Arms Sales To Vietnam Should Be Contingent On Human Rights Progress: http://1.usa.gov/1nAL5LC  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today led a group of senators in urging President Obama to rethink his decision to ease a decades-old arms embargo and instead condition U.S. arms sales to Vietnam upon specific progress to Vietnam’s human rights record.   In addition to Rubio, the letter was signed by Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), John Boozman (R-AR) and David Vitter (R-LA).   In their letter to the President, the senators expressed support for U.S. efforts to help improve Vietnam’s maritime defense capabilities given China’s aggressive territorial claims, but stated that such support should be contingent on a verifiable commitment from Vietnamese authorities to make specific progress on human rights and political reform in Vietnam.   “The U.S. has an interest in helping Vietnam improve its maritime defense capabilities, but such efforts will only be sustainable if accompanied by a verifiable commitment from the Vietnamese authorities to substantially improve their human rights record,” the senators wrote. “Such commitment could include the unconditional release of all independent journalists, bloggers, and democracy and labor activists; as well as the repeal of laws criminalizing peaceful dissent, such as articles 79, 87, 88, 89, 91, and 258.  Another positive signal by Vietnam would be to return estates and properties confiscated from churches and religious communities, and a verifiable end to the use of tax laws to prosecute the government’s critics.   “We urge you to reconsider your decision and to ensure that easing the arms embargo is tied to specific progress on human rights and political reform in Vietnam,” added the senators. “We stand ready to work with you to design a sustainable policy toward Vietnam that better advances the democratic aspirations of the Vietnamese people as well as our strategic interests.”
Did you know that in 1982 the Alabama State Legislature made the pecan the official nut of Alabama?
My Huntsville staff enjoyed attending Noah Galloway- Athlete's Operational Leadership Perspective speech today at Redstone Arsenal.
This morning, my State Director, Col. Bob DeSousa, joined Congressman Glenn Thompson and Penn State President Eric Barron as presenters at the SME Adoption of Additive Manufacturing Forum at Penn State University.
More than $43.5 million in federal grant awards have been approved to rebuild tornado-damaged Louisville and Winston County, including $34.5 million to support restoration of a plywood manufacturing plant.
