Yesterday, On Fox News's "Your World with Neil Cavuto," Sen. Alexander talked about his call for Secretary Sebelius to resign because of the disastrous rollout of Obamacare. He said, "[Sec. Sebelius] is going to Memphis tomorrow and while she is there I hope she explains to thousands of Tennesseans who are receiving cancelation letters, why they are going to be out of insurance starting on January 1 because the website won't work." http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Hsgwwk15ls&feature=youtu.be
It was a privilege to honor Councilor Ray Burton at today's dedication of the new Mount Washington scenic overlook, which will bear his name. We're so grateful for Ray's extraordinary service on behalf of the people of the North Country and the state of New Hampshire!
NA
Six people? Seriously?
The EPA’s “listening tour” on carbon cap regulations conveniently bypasses 16 of the top 20 coal producing states including Wyoming. Today, I sent a letter with 10 other Senators calling on Administrator McCarthy to actually visit with and listen to the opinions of the people most impacted by EPA’s anti-coal policies.
I wrote in Fox News Opinion today about a month full of HealthCare.gov horrors and how nearly every promise the President made has been broken. #Obamacare was based on the idea that government is capable of running America’s health care system competently. It turns out that the government can’t even set up a website competently – and they knew it.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the folks involved with the #LAXShooting. Kudos to the first responders for their heroic efforts. #idpol
News Release: Senator Risch and I have joined our Senate colleagues Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) and Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) in authoring a resolution calling on the government of Iran to immediately release Pastor Saeed Abedini and all other individuals detained on account of their religious beliefs. Idahoans have demonstrated their passion for his release based on his strong contribution to extolling human rights and dignities. We agree with concerns for his safety and call for his immediate freedom from captivity.
VIDEO: Yesterday, I participated in the first meeting of the Senate-House Budget Conference Committee.  In my opening statement, I explained that Congress’ record in sticking to its budget is deplorable. In this conference, we have the chance to set up processes that assure Congress will not break its budget.  Processes to help us deal with future spending lapses and potential government shutdowns. Processes to help us deal with the debt ceiling and to help reduce the stress we put on the economy through political battles. We have the remarkable opportunity to focus on fixing some of the processes by which we function that will help us increase our ability to protect the savings we now have and achieve greater savings as we move forward.  Watch the full video by clicking below.
Senator Collins attended Gray-New Gloucester’s final football game of the season against Poland High School. Prior to the game, Senator Collins announced that the MSAD#15 Wellness Committee was awarded a three-year grant under the U.S. Department of Education’s Carol M. White Physical Education Program. The grant will help fund the school district’s efforts to promote healthy and active lifestyles among students as well as the broader community.
On Greta last night discussing why Congress shouldn't get a special Obamacare carve out:
This is OUR fight. Are you in?
The defining thing about being American is the ability to start with nothing, risk everything, and achieve the American Dream.
Today is the last day to early vote in the Texas Constitutional Amendment election. Find your polling place: http://bit.ly/GpctO
 
 Already voted? SHARE to remind your friends!
A great pleasure to join the Houston Association of Petroleum Landmen to discuss the fight to stop Obamacare, #MakeDCListen, and restore economic growth!
Henry Ford said that customers could have his Model T in any color they wanted as long as it was black. Sounds similar to what the president has promised with health care. If you like your current plan you can keep it, as long as it’s a model the government chooses. I pointed out three years ago that the Administration had started us down this path, which is why I offered a resolution that would have given people the honest choice to keep their plans. Despite several warnings, everyone in the majority party in the Senate voted against it. We have a bill that would give them another chance to keep their promise. They need to support us this time.
This Administration wants government to be in charge of your health care, but it can’t even coordinate efficiently enough to give realistic projections on what our future health care workforce needs may be. Health Resources and Services Administration’s reliance on out-of-date data and its failure to adjust agency priorities to address actual workforce shortages threatens to reduce access to care and exacerbate shortages in the future. Click the link below to find out more and to read the report that I requested with Senators Coburn and Burr.
Customer service EPA style! The EPA is taking its coal-killing rule on a listening tour, but missing are stops in Wyoming, West Virginia and Kentucky. We’ve written to the EPA asking the agency to own up to the people who are most hurt by this proposal.
I was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former Nebraska Congressman John Y. McCollister. Today, Nebraska lost a principled fighter, our state Republican party lost a great leader, and I lost a dear friend. Congressman McCollister was devoted to public service for the entirety of his life, including his military service during World War II. He remained an indispensable member of his community, even in his later years. He truly loved Nebraska and was a gentleman with a great sense of humor who simply enjoyed life to its fullest.  I was privileged to count John as an early supporter and was honored when he agreed to co-chair my U.S. Senate campaign. I benefitted from his counsel and insight from his many years of service, both in Washington and Nebraska. Bruce and I join all Nebraskans in mourning John’s passing and send our prayers and deepest condolences to all of the McCollister family.
"When they tell me that it is a threat to my country for Congress to talk to witnesses to find out what happened, I take that to mean it's a threat to the administration," the South Carolina Republican told Fox News Channel's  "America's News HQ."  "How could any Congress allow the executive branch to have exclusive control over the witnesses, who are the best evidence of a major national security failure — the first ambassador killed in 33 years?" he asked.  Graham said he did not just want access to FBI transcripts of interviews with Benghazi survivors, saying it amounted to the executive branch being able to "investigate themselves."   "I will only be satisfied when I have reasonable access to the people who know what happened, and I can talk to them independently — 'I' meaning the Congress," he said.
Going to groundbreaking for Alice blvd grand entrance to one of fasted growing cities in Iowa  this is a major projectOFWaukeeMayorWmPeard
Tomorrow we celebrate North Dakota's 124th birthday.  I am looking forward to marking this important milestone at a ceremony to christen the USS North Dakota, a new submarine named for our great state.  We have much to be proud of as we honor our rich history and bright future. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=0b63857b-5324-4c3d-9dc6-035d7449514d
My grandson, Crew, inadvertently found me on C-Span while pushing buttons on the remote. This was his reaction when my daughter told him they should watch grandpa instead of Sesame Street.
Check out this Fox Chicago News story about my effort to end sugar subsidies that cost #Illinois jobs.
On Thursday morning, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) introduced the Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act of 2013, co-sponsored by Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH). The bill allows hourly employees to have the option of compensatory time in lieu of overtime pay and flexible credit hour arrangements to those who work past their expected non-overtime hours in the work week.
This week, along with a bipartisan group of U.S. Senators on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I introduced legislation to expand emergency care treatment reimbursement eligibility for veterans. Our nation’s heroes should not be forced to bear the burden of emergency health care costs simply because of exorbitant VA facility waiting times to see a doctor.  Current law prohibits the Department of Veterans’ Affairs (VA) from reimbursing emergency room care at non-VA facilities for veterans who haven’t received care at a VA clinic or hospital within the past two years. Veterans who have recently returned from deployment or live in rural communities often can’t meet this requirement as a result of extensive wait times for scheduling VA facility appointments. This legislation would waive the two-year requirement and allow veterans to be reimbursed for emergency medical care at non-VA facilities.  I am committed to improving access to care for Kansas veterans, and this legislation will provide them with the emergency care they deserve.
It was good to join Mayor of Manhattan, Kansas, John Matta; Kansas State University Chief of Staff Jackie Hartman; Fort Riley Garrison Commander, Colonel Andrew Cole; and state representatives to celebrate the groundbreaking of the Manhattan Regional Airport Terminal Expansion. 
 
 Air service is a vital public safety and economic development asset for communities across Kansas, and this expansion will help meet the needs of the growing Flint Hills region.
The regional director of the controversial Marine Stewardship Council resigned today in the middle of its fight with Alaska over the sustainability of our wild salmon.  I hope that her successor takes a more reasonable approach backed by improved science – we Alaskans know we are seen worldwide as a model of sustainability!
United States Marine Corps General Amos visited yesterday and was incredibly impressed that my staffer Kaelan had shaved 20 minutes off her time in this week’s Marine Corps Marathon!  Go Kaelan!
Great visit with the team at the Coalition for a Drug-Free Greater Cincinnati today. They are doing terrific work throughout our community to help combat drug abuse.
Earlier today, I sent a letter to President Obama asking if the National Security Agency or any other U.S. government agency monitored or received information regarding the Papal Conclave. The text of that letter can be found here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1022
Today, I joined as an original co-sponsor of a Senate Resolution calling for the immediate release of Pastor Saeed Abedini.  Saeed Abedini is an American pastor that has been imprisoned in Iran due to his Christian faith. Across the globe, Christians are under attack and this Administration is doing nothing to stop it. This reasonable resolution calls on the government of Iran to release Abedini and all other individuals detained on account of their religious beliefs. I will continue to do all that I can to protect American citizens from religious persecution abroad  Read more here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1021
We cannot continue to ignore the role that the Federal Reserve has played in our economy’s downward spiral. Read, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/oct/31/paul-ending-secrecy-at-the-federal-reserve/#ixzz2jOyYAHVm
Healthcare.gov and the Obamacare exchanges launched one month ago today.  An internal memo reveals only 6 people signed up on the federal exchange the first day. 
 
 http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2013/10/memo-reveals-only-6-people-signed-up-for-obamacare-on-first-day/
Doctors swear an oath to keep patient information private. If that trust is violated, there are consequences. If it is the government's fault, who will be accountable? According to The Hill newspaper: "A contractor heavily involved in repairing HealthCare.gov was previously criticized for endangering the personal data of more than 6 million government beneficiaries through insufficient security controls."
Yellowhammer: Shelby expresses concerns in private meeting with Obama’s fed nominee  "We don’t want to go back to the Carter days of stagflation, when economic growth was low and prices were increasing out of control.”  http://yellowhammernews.com/nationalpolitics/shelby-expresses-concerns-private-meeting-obamas-fed-nominee/
SENATOR SHELBY ASKS YOU TO SHARE YOUR OBAMACARE STORIES
 
 Write to Sen. Shelby at www.shelby.senate.gov and we may contact you about sharing your story as well.
 
 One of Senator Shelby’s constituents in Hoover wrote in about how the financial burden of Obamacare will affect his family of four:
I will be On the Record with Greta Van Susteren on Fox News  tonight at 7 pm to discuss Obamacare--be sure to tune in!
Great talking with students at Dorman High School in Roebuck this afternoon!
Honored to take part in the ribbon-cutting for a new VA outpatient medical facility in Greenville today.   We owe our veterans the very best care we can give after they return home from defending our country.
Great to be in Greenville and Spartanburg on this rainy day!
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly e-update. Prefer inbox delivery? Sign up at http://ow.ly/qpqS9. Thanks for reading!
Sending thoughts of sympathy and support to those hurt in the LAX shooting. Grateful to our 1st responders for their dedication. Stay safe.
Bucks County resident: "I received a statement from my health insurance carrier...my current premium of $435 per month will be increasing to $1,305."
