Today in Lincoln, I was honored to help send off members of the NE Air National Guard's 155th Air Refueling Wing.
As the nation prepares for 2015, my first priority in the new Congress will be to work on a bipartisan, long-term transportation bill that gives certainty to job creators, efficiently collaborates with private and state funding, and eliminates wasteful spending. http://www.tulsaworld.com/homepage4/transportation-not-environment-tops-inhofe-s-priorities-for/article_129d9551-4686-5357-a40a-6ab55d999ab2.html
Hats off to our Green Bay Packers and the best QB in the NFL! #GOPACKGO #NFCNorthChamps
I take great pride in being a bridge builder between the two parties to find common ground on legislation that may often divide us. Take a look at my #YearInReview with 12 of the ways we reached across the aisle during 2014:
Our education system is the key to upward mobility. Take a look at this #YearInReview video and check out the full 2014 opportunity for kids report on my website: http://kirk.senate.gov/2014inreview/education
I am committed to improving our #education system so that everyone has the best opportunity to become a member of the middle class. Take a look at my #YearInReview with 8 of the ways we worked to provide opportunities for kids during 2014:
I know from my mom’s personal experience how important Medicare is to our well-being as we grow older. As members of the greatest generation that fought for our freedoms abroad, our seniors deserve the best care we can provide.   Take a look at this #YearInReview video and check out the full 2014 defending seniors report on my website: http://kirk.senate.gov/2014inreview/seniors
Many of the proposals in my conservative reform agenda involve transferring power that has concentrated in Washington D.C. back to the states.
Thanks to the folks in Ness City this afternoon who stopped by the Ness County Courthouse for my town hall meeting. Attendees shared concerns about the postal service and the ability for veterans to access the care and services they deserve. It was good to see Ness County Commissioner Fred Flax and Gary Foos of the Kansas American Legion. Also in attendance was Steve Phelps, past VFW state commander.
At my Listening Tour stop in Pawnee County today I ran into Anne Graner of Larned, a long-time friend. In additional to Anne, about 40 residents came by to share their thoughts and concerns with me on topics including agriculture, rural healthcare, education, and the importance of a functioning U.S. Senate. Thanks again to Mitch Rucker, a former intern in my Washington, D.C. office, for the kind introduction. It was good to see so many familiar faces in Burdett today, a community I’ve represented since I was first elected to the Kansas State Senate. As always, the potluck lunch at the Burdett Senior Center was delicious.
Arrived at Burdett Senior Center. Looking forward to good conversation.
I spent a couple of hours this morning visiting with Hays folks at coffee and up and down Main. Much of the conversation focused on what people want from Congress in 2015, the need for moisture, oil prices and energy policy. My last stop was at KSU Ag Research Center. Now I'm on my way to listen to folks in Burdett, Jetmore and Ness City. Please join me this afternoon at one of my Listening Tour stops!
Over the past months, Americans have made clear they are tired of partisan bickering and not getting anything done. I couldn't agree more, which is why I've worked to break the gridlock and deliver results for Ohioans.
Check out my op-ed from this weekend's Wichita Eagle on my visit to the troops in Iraq and Kuwait and my views on the ongoing battle against ISIL after seeing it first hand.  http://www.kansas.com/opinion/opn-columns-blogs/article5018631.html
Wishing everyone a blessed and Happy New Year!
As we say goodbye today, I was blessed to have known Governor Edwards, and will forever value his friendship and advice.
2014 in Review: My Opportunity Agenda is built around my goal of positively affecting the lives of South Carolinians and all Americans with a message of hope and opportunity.  Read some of the highlights from my work this past year here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/2014-review-my-opportunity-agenda#overlay-context=blog/2014-review-preserving-40-hour-workweek
2014 in Review: The men and women who have served our country deserve our respect, our appreciation, and kept promises.  Here are some highlights of my work on their behalf this past year.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/2014-review-working-our-veterans#overlay-context=blog/2014-review-preserving-40-hour-workweek
Congratulations to The Pittsburgh Steelers !  AFC North Champions.  #HereWeGo
