NA
NA
Senator Collins today celebrated the one-year anniversary of the deployment of the VolturnUS offshore floating wind turbine.  “This anniversary is another great day for our state, the University and its many partners, and for the advancement of clean, renewable energy for our nation. This is a remarkable achievement and confirms my belief that the most innovative and dedicated wind energy researchers in the world are working right here in Maine.”
Behind the scenes at this morning's CNN interview on the threat posed by the terrorist group ISIS.
Saw firsthand today the outstanding work being done by the men and women of the Galveston National Laboratory searching for cures for the world's deadliest diseases, including Ebola.
Senator Corker today issued the following statement on the release of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) report on the Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act of 2014 (S.1217), which passed the Senate Banking Committee on May 15 in a 13-9 bipartisan vote.  “Today’s CBO report further confirms that the bipartisan bill passed by the Senate Banking Committee in May is a win-win for the American taxpayer and should serve as the framework for how our housing finance system should look in the future,” said Corker. “This bill not only protects taxpayers against future losses, but it also reduces the deficit by $58 billion over 10 years and creates a more competitive, dynamic housing finance system. It is time for our country to move beyond the status quo and finally end the failed model of private gains and public losses.”  According to the report, “CBO estimates that enacting the bill would decrease federal deficits by $58 billion over the 2015-2024 period.” Additionally, “CBO expects that the government would take on less risk under FMIC guarantees than it would from continued operation of the GSEs under current law.”  To read more, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1u7JOMr.
Sen. Jeff Sessions is right: Senate Democrats must act to #StopObamasAmnesty or be complicit in degrading US immigration law.
Americans who choose to go to Syria or Iraq to fight with vicious ISIS terrorists are party to a terrorist organization committing horrific acts of violence, including beheading innocent American journalists who they have captured.  There can be no clearer renunciation of their citizenship in the United States, and we need to do everything we can to preempt any attempt on their part to re-enter our country and carry out further attacks on American civilians.
Thanks for sharing all your concerns with me as I met with residents in all 23 counties in Wyoming this summer. This fall I’m going to visit with businesses across the state to learn more about what they need. #WyoWorksTour
This year the federal government is projected to add $506 billion to our national debt, according to the Congressional Budget Office. That’s over $16,000 dollars a second. We need to stop this overspending before it’s too late. That’s why I’ve introduced my Penny Plan bill. By cutting just a single penny from every dollar the government spends we could balance the budget, putting our country back on the fiscal path to prosperity in just three years. No fudging numbers, no smoke-and-mirrors accounting - it’s that easy.
Van of WHO Van and Bonnie show I had an enjoyable 4hrs being Bonnie pro tem  Thanks for asking me.
Hav 1 more hr WHO on Van and Bonnie.
I just read the weather for WHO vanand Bonnie.  Remember weather forecasting is right only 80% of time
I brought ice cream for bfast for Van and me as "Bonnie"
5am to 9 am I'm going to be "Bonnie"  on WHO "Van And Bonnie" show  Bonnie on vacation
“This is an innovative project that benefits our farmers, our environment and our economy. The plant will convert natural gas into anhydrous ammonia, providing our farmers with a low-cost, local source of fertilizer while reducing flaring and creating jobs and economic activity. The project has tremendous benefits for our state and the community of Spiritwood.”
“We need to move forward on the flood management project for the Souris River Basin as quickly and efficiently as possible to protect Minot and the communities along the Souris River from potential flooding. Completing the project in phases will help us to do just that. We encourage the Corps to move this project forward in phases, as opposed to waiting for permits on the entire project.”
Sen. Johnson yesterday on Kilmeade & Friends: “ISIS cannot be negotiated with. Their diplomacy is beheadings. ”
Jimmy Rose, proud to stand with you in the fight for #Kentucky #coal jobs & families. #CoalKeepsTheLightsOn
“Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell’s 2014 ‘Friend of Farm Bureau’ Award was earned, not given,” said Mark Haney, president of Kentucky Farm Bureau. 
The Kansas State Fair kicks off today and runs through Sunday, September 14. I encourage you to attend, and have no doubt you will enjoy the exciting rides and the wonderful – and sometimes wacky – food. But don't forget to check out the exhibit halls, livestock barns and countless educational opportunities. I have a booth in the Pride of Kansas building where members of my staff will be available to answer questions, so please come by to visit. Thank you to the Kansas State Fair Board Members and staff who put in countless hours of planning to ensure the fair’s success.
During my time in Lansing yesterday, I toured Twin Oaks Health & Rehabilitation. Operated by Midwest Health, Twin Oaks offers long-term care and rehabilitation health services to Kansans, as well as independent and assisted living facilities. All these resources are located on the same campus, which minimizes the stress of moving for individuals and their families. During the tour, I saw Twin Oaks’ Rapid Recovery wing, which is a new inpatient facility designed to help patients fully recover following an injury, surgery or illness. We discussed the federal government’s regulations for home and community-based Medicaid services, the Affordable Care Act’s impact on Kansas health care providers, and initiatives to address health care workforce challenges in our state. Thanks to Midwest Health President & CEO Jim Klausman and the following members of his team for hosting my visit: Lee Eaton, Brett Klausman, Joe Perkin and Marie Vogel.
I always treasure my time back home to reconnect and listen to Alaskans about their lives, priorities and challenges.  And I make sure to stay in touch with you in rural Alaska, as you face incredible hurdles and high energy costs but still keep a positive attitude as we work together to build a better future for our state and children.  I want to thank everyone I met and listened to out in St. Mary’s, Pitka’s Point, Alakanuk, Emmonak and Bethel – your warmth and honesty meant a great deal to me.
I have opposed the Affordable Care Act from the beginning because I believed the basic economics of being a high-cost rural state with limited providers would lead to costly premium increases across Alaska like we are seeing today.  The U.S. needs to deal with the rising price of health care, but the ACA was the wrong way to go.  I pledge to Alaskans to continue to seek health care reform that cuts costs and improves access to health care services in our state.   http://commerce.alaska.gov/dnn/Portals/7/pub/090414-AK-health-insurance-rates.pdf
I've been pushing the National Guard for transparency, accountability and justice on the matter of sexual assaults. Governor Parnell released the findings today of a military report of sexual assaults in the Alaska National Guard. I’m hopeful this can be the first step in rebuilding an internal culture and restoring trust ….but we still have a long way to go. 
Rubio: Obama Doesn't Need Congressional Permission To Defeat ISIL, But Does Need Strategy: http://1.usa.gov/1o7Jurm  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today sent a letter to the White House asking President Obama to outline a strategy to the American people for confronting and defeating the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).     In the letter, Rubio urges President Obama to recognize the threat ISIL poses to Middle East security, the national interests of the U.S. and our allies in Europe. Following the brutal executions of two American civilians, Rubio calls on President Obama to speak clearly to the American people about what our strategy will be to ensure ISIL’s defeat, and urges Obama to use the constitutional and legal authority he possess as commander-in-chief to conduct attacks to degrade and defeat ISIL as soon as practicable.    ISIL is the best funded and most ruthless Islamic terrorist organization in history. It currently controls large swaths of land in Iraq and Syria and intends to continue its growth.   “The American people and the world need to hear you outline our strategy to defeat ISIL in clear and unequivocal terms,” Rubio wrote. “They need to hear the truth about ISIL, the threat they represent, and the sacrifice and combined effort that will be needed to defeat them.    “ISIL represents a clear and immediate threat to the national security of the United States, which is why you should use the constitutional and legal authority you possess as commander-in-chief to conduct attacks to degrade and defeat ISIL. Just as the U.S. has conducted operations against terrorists elsewhere, there is no legal reason preventing you from targeting ISIL in Syria,” Rubio added. “With U.S. leadership the United States should vigorously pursue an international coalition to increase military options against ISIL, including increased air support and lethal assistance to Iraqi and Kurdish forces as well as a more aggressive approach to destroy supply routes, vital infrastructure and ISIL leadership wherever they are operating.  It is also important to increase support to moderate Syrian opposition forces currently fighting ISIL.    “In addition to striking ISIL abroad, there must be a renewed and heightened effort to secure the homeland as well. With the disturbing increase in western fighters from Europe and the United States drawn to support ISIL, as well as ISIL’s attempts to expand their territory, we must be vigilant in working with European and Middle Eastern partners to track the flow of ISIL fighters and prevent the return of jihadists to Europe or the U.S.,” Rubio continued. “This is a large challenge and one that will require considerable attention by the U.S. government and a broad coalition of allies, but it is paramount to U.S. national security.” 
Sen. Sessions commented on Senate Democrats' call for executive amnesty—after the election:  “A development today reported by Politico ought to send shudders down the spine of those who care about our representative system of government. In an article entitled ‘More Senate Democrats urge Obama to delay immigration order,’ we learn that Senate Democrats—instead of opposing the President’s executive amnesty—urge him to issue it after they face voters in November. As one office relayed to Politico: ‘Obama should use his executive authority to make fixes to the immigration system, but after the November elections.’  The only thing that is more shocking than Senate Democrats’ support for the President’s planned executive amnesty is the cravenness of asking him to proceed beginning the day after the midterms. Once again, powerful politicians are colluding with powerful interest groups to deny you, the American citizen, the protection of your laws and your voice in government. They don’t care what you want, or what you think—they scorn and mock our good and decent citizens for wishing their laws to be enforced.  Never in recent memory has the divide between the everyday citizen and the political elite been as wide as it is now.  Just today, the President reiterated his commitment to implement an executive amnesty that would include work authorization for millions of people who entered illegally or illegally overstayed a visa—allowing them to compete for any job in America. His planned action would also reportedly include a massive boost to the already-huge supply of low-wage labor brought into the U.S. for large corporations.  The immigration debate comes down to several central questions:      - Does our country have the right to control its borders and decide who comes to live and work here?    - Do citizens have the right to expect and demand that the laws passed by their elected representatives be enforced?     - Should American workers get priority for jobs and wages?  Any Senator who believes the answers to these questions are ‘yes’ must support the House-passed bill to block the President’s planned executive amnesty—and demand Leader Reid call it up for a vote. Not one Senate Democrat has done so.  A sovereign nation establishes rules about who can enter, work, and live within its borders. In every imaginable way, the President has worked to dismantle these rules—on the border, in our courts, through our visa system, through our asylum system, through our exit-entry system. And with this planned executive action, the President proposes to scrub away what remains of these rules. And Senate Democrats will have been partners in its commission.”
NA
Congratulations to Dan Cruver of Travelers Rest, who will be presented with the Congressional Angels in Adoption Award this month! Honored to have nominated him.  http://www.greenvilleonline.com/story/life/2014/09/04/together-adoption-founder-honored-congressional-coalition-adoption-institute/15069009/
Happy Friday PA! Here's my latest newsletter. Take a look at what I've been up to this week! http://1.usa.gov/1uDktbE
It was an honor to meet the Northeast Mississippi Community College ROTC in Booneville last night.
