Midland Reporter-Telegram: Fish & Wildlife Service Delays Decision on Lesser Prairie Chicken:
Looking to the House of Representatives for Effective Immigration Reform
In case you missed it take a look at my newsletter on #bordersecurity and the #Blackhawks #StanleyCup victory.
Today I was honored to give remarks at the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new Memorial Hospital in Abilene. The hospital provides critical care services to residents in the Abilene community. Access to health care in rural communities impacts many Kansans and remains one of my top priorities. Thanks to CEO Mark Miller and the Memorial Health System Board of Directors for hosting a great event.
Friday I had the opportunity to ring the final closing bell at the Kansas City Board of Trade (KCBT). For 157 years, the price of most wheat grown across the plains was set by KCBT. Hard-red winter wheat futures and options will be transitioned to the Chicago trading floor on July 1. Thank you to KCBT President and CEO Jeff Borchardt for the opportunity to participate in the historic day. Learn more about KCBT's history below:  http://kcur.org/post/last-call-kansas-city-board-trade
It's showtime at Country Stampede. Tonight, I introduced Jason Aldean who is famous for singing about the rural America that many Kansans know and love.
Heading out on the river today to visit fish camps from Bethel to Chuathbaluk.  I visited villages on the Yukon last summer and this year it is the Kuskokwim’s turn.  I know that people across the state are worried about another low King salmon run, so I want to get out and talk to some subsistence fishermen about how it will impact their families.
This morning I delivered the Weekly Republican Address on the one year anniversary of the Supreme Court ruling affirming what we said all along, that Obamacare was a new tax. The American people don't trust the IRS, not with their taxes, and not with their health care. It is a train wreck folks, and we have to get America out of the way. http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b53c9dbe-15b0-423d-b733-2e59044c4d99
I was honored to speak at the Pennsylvania American Veterans Annual Convention this morning.  As we approach Independence Day, it is important that we remain mindful of the dedication and sacrifices our veterans made and continue to make in the name of freedom.
