Great discussion with Pine Bluff business and community leaders today. Thanks for having me.
Weekly Op-Ed: With the help of Alexander Hamilton and James Madison, President George Washington presented his Farwell Address to the nation. It contains President Washington’s observations he envisioned being reviewed regularly to help ensure the well-being of future Americans. President Washington aspired for our resilience as a nation of individuals who seek a common strength.  President Washington recommended “frequent review” of this advice, and his recommendation has become a tradition in the U.S. Senate.  For more than 120 years, Washington’s Farwell Address has been read in the Senate annually in observation of his birthday. As we tackle our national challenges and recognize the Presidents’ Day holiday, we should reflect on the guidance of our Founding Fathers, who loved our country as we do and worked hard to build and preserve it.
Visited Red River Army Depot and TexAmericas Center today and got a chance to see some of their plans for development. Proud of their efforts in support of the defense of our warfighter, our national security, and the vibrant local economy.
Cornyn Statement on the Five-Year Anniversary of Obama’s Failed Stimulus: 
In Texarkana visiting the Red River Army Depot, a critical facility in equiping our war fighters.
In Longview yesterday to meet with local law enforcement and officials to talk about the growing problem of human trafficking in the area, and how we can work together to crack down on this horrific crime and provide protection and support for victims.
The US should stand with Israel against threats of BDS from "classical anti-Semites in modern garb."
Well, five years in, it looks like President Obama's stimulus did actually create jobs.  Unfortunately, they're all at the IRS and NSA.
A pleasure to join Sam Malone to congratulate him on one year with AM 1070 The Answer and discuss the importance of educating and activating grassroots America.
Terrific work of art by Steve Penley featured yesterday on Fox News in honor of Presidents' Day.
Just like all the schools that canceled today I canceled my three county meetings in Oelwein South winneshiek HS Cresco. I will reschedule
Welcome home to some of Nevada's finest! #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Share to join me in wishing Aja Evans good luck in her first #Sochi2014 event tomorrow.    Follow all the #Illinois olympians: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
On this #PresidentsDay, we honor #Lincoln, #Washington & our presidents who fought to protect liberty & justice for all.
Share to join me in wishing Megan Bozek & Team USA Women's Hockey good luck in their playoff game tomorrow.  Track all the #Illinois Olympians: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
We can't ignore the fact that we have a president who is acting as if he's got a government of one simply because he can't always get exactly what he wants from Congress.
Happy Presidents Day
Just finished a great townhall meeting with employees at Alkermes in Wilmington to talk about their efforts to treat drug addiction.
5 years & many broken promises later, the failed stimulus shows we need more pro-growth policies to bring back jobs, not more government spending.
Thanks to those who joined me for coffee this morning in Dodge City. As usual, my best advice and counsel comes from these spirited discussions.
Senator Rubio: 5th Anniversary Of Failed Stimulus Plan Is Proof Big Government Is Not The Answer: http://1.usa.gov/1kNUjkF  ...  “If you recall five years ago, the notion was that if the government spent all this money — that, by the way, was borrowed— that somehow the economy would begin to grow and create jobs. Well, of course, it clearly failed,” Rubio said. “Five years later, underemployment is still too high, the number of people that have dropped out of the workforce is astounding, unemployment remains stubbornly high and our economy isn’t growing fast enough — proof that massive government spending, particularly debt spending, is not the solution to our economic growth problems.   “Here’s what would be a solution: A vibrant free enterprise economy and a people with the skills and the education needed to take up those jobs that a vibrant free enterprise economy would create. That’s what our policy makers should be focused on — policies that bring our tax code, our regulations and our massive $17 trillion debt under control,” Rubio added. “Sadly, that’s not what we’re getting from the White House, that’s not what we’re getting from this administration.” 
