Click SHARE if you agree that President Obama’s “stimulus” was nothing more than a spending bill that contributed to our skyrocketing debt. To read more on Sen. Alexander’s priorities, including his fight to help Americans climb the economic ladder – and against wasteful spending, sign up for his monthly newsletter HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1mvGeXe 
SHARE the Washington Times op-ed by Sen. Alexander and Reps. Roe and Kline, “Obama’s Unfair Union-Election Tilt,” if you’re against the NLRB’s proposed ambush election rule.   They write: “The proposed rule would shrink that process to as few as 10 days — just enough time for unions to make their aggressive plug without giving employers adequate time to respond … The real loser is the American worker, who would be ambushed by the process and forced to make a decision without all the facts.” Read the article HERE (http://1.usa.gov/1dIbFOd) and more on their legislation that will prohibit this administration from rigging union elections HERE (http://1.usa.gov/1mFqEej). 
Senator Ayotte met today with David Belletete of Jaffrey, Daniel Keith of Portsmouth and John Voter of Derry,  New Hampshire representatives from the  Northeastern Retail Lumber Association (NRLA) , as well as Jeff Keller, the NRLA's government affairs representative.
Senator Ayotte met with students from Merrimack Christian Academy at the U.S. Capitol this afternoon.
Senator Ayotte joined several members of the New England congressional delegation in attending the White House celebration for the 2013 World Series Champions Boston Red Sox!
Thank you to Alan Fortenberry of the Beaver Water District for presenting me with the 2013 Legislator of the Year Award from the Fair Water Users Coalition. The mission of the Coalition is to ensure that water supply costs from federal facilities are fair, reasonable, and predictable. We are working to ensure water price transparency.
We're conducting a telephone town hall right now. You can listen here.
Today I introduced the Energy Security Act along with Senator John Hoeven and Lisa Murkowski, as an amendment to the Unemployment Insurance Extension Bill. Our amendment would help create thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity by approving the Keystone XL Pipeline and expediting LNG Exports to Ukraine, NATO and Japan. 
NA
Congratulations to the University of Notre Dame women’s basketball team on reaching another Final Four 
Agree 100% with Governor Mike Pence, the medical device tax is costing jobs and growth in Indiana 
Yesterday marked the deadline for families and individuals to enroll in Obamacare, yet the majority of Americans continue to oppose the law.  I joined the Fox Business network last week to discuss the gridlocked environment in the Senate, the latest on the president’s health care law and the many predicted failures that are inherent in Obamacare.  Watch here. 
Senator Collins greeted Brian Butterfield, the third-base and infield coach for the Boston Red Sox, at a White House ceremony celebrating the Red Sox' 2013 World Series Championship.  Brian, who lives in Standish during the off-season, is an Orono native and was a three-sport star at Orono High School.  His father, Jack, was the legendary baseball coach of the University of Maine team from 1955-1974, and led the team to its first College World Series appearance.
Welcome Maine-based North of Nashville to DC!  Check out their show tonight at 8:30 at Hill Country BBQ.
A botched law has caused millions of Americans to lose their health insurance. It has forced individuals to sign up for more expensive health insurance or face a penalty. It has resulted in cancer patients losing access to their doctors, and it is slashing full-time jobs across the country. At 1600 Pennsylvania, that’s cause for a celebration. On Main Street, it’s a tragedy.   As the President and Democrats in Congress continue to spin in their alternate universe, Republicans are operating in reality and we’re committed to getting rid of this failed law and replacing it with common-sense reforms that will truly bring down health care costs and boost access for all Americans.
VIDEO - Sen. Cornyn Calls For Reauthorization Of Justice For All Act To Strengthen Victims’ Rights & Reduce Rape Kit Backlog:
VIDEO - Cornyn's Questions for Sen. Reid:
VIDEO - Sen. Cornyn Discusses Obamacare Enrollment Deadline on Fox News: 
It is unconscionable that, in the name of international diplomatic protocol, the United States would be forced to host a foreign national who showed a brutal disregard for the status of our diplomats when they were stationed in his country.   My proposed legislation ensures they aren’t: http://1.usa.gov/1hxrgiO
Thanks to Representative Mike Kelly for continuing to stand strong for the Second Amendment and against the UN Arms Trade Treaty.
Wow... My nephew's school came to visit the Capitol today and they surprised us with a musical performance. Check it out:
Got a little inspiration for some ink... http://bit.ly/1e87Psa
We continue to question the EPA's threats against Andy Johnson, the Uinta County resident who built a pond on his private property. The EPA has threatened fines that could add up to millions of dollars.
While there is still a ways to go before they are adequately staffed, I am pleased to see Arizona ports among those set to receive additional U.S. Customs and Border Patrol officers. Ensuring adequate staffing at Arizona’s ports – especially the new Mariposa crossing in Nogales – will maximize cross-border trade.
$5 million for U.S. Department of State stemware? $34 million a U.S. Department of Defense (DOD)  facility that the military didn't want, didn't need and won't ever use?   No  #AprilFoolsDay pranks here. These real-life examples of wasteful federal spending and more in my Fox & Friends Elite #8ofWaste recap.
NA
Last spot for the #FinalFour is up for grabs in today's Elite #8ofWaste matchup. What do you think is a more egregious waste of your taxdollars - $34 million on a military facility the military didn't want, didn't need, and won't ever use or $1.5 million to store 18 million undistributed EPA brochures, pamphlets and publications? Cast your vote in the comments section.
Tune into Fox & Friends tomorrow at 6:15 am EDT for my Elite #8ofWaste bracketology session with Brian Kilmeade, Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Steve Doocy
Proud to have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to #RenewUI. I look forward to moving to this bill, passing it and working with the House to restore unemployment insurance benefits as we continue working to improve the health of the American economy.
As we consider an extension of Unemployment Insurance benefits, we should also be considering measures that will actually address the problem by creating jobs for the long-term unemployed. Our energy legislation could help create thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity. At the same time, expanding America’s energy supply with projects like the Keystone XL pipeline, combined with approval for increased LNG exports, will send a powerful signal to our friends and foes alike that America is both energy secure and that we stand firmly beside our allies in Ukraine and NATO.
Congratulations to Lt. Gen. Darren McDew on his confirmation as commander of Air Mobility Command. I look forward to working with him to protect Scott Air Force Base.
Health care has become less affordable as a result of #Obamacare. The law itself has been changed over and over by the president. It’s been a dismal failure in almost every respect, so I do find it very, very frustrating that anyone is trying to celebrate this law as a victory for the American people.
Last night, I honored Glenn and Elaine Mull, their daughter Amy Harter and granddaughter Samantha Harter on the U.S. Senate Floor. The Mull family was traveling to the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association Trade Show in Nashville, last month when their Gulfstream 690C crashed during a landing attempt.  Glenn and Elaine’s legacies of selflessness, philanthropy and leadership undoubtedly live on. I have met lots of people in my life, and I don’t know that I have ever met a couple with more optimism, with more care and concern for other people or with a sense that things will be better tomorrow. They believed hard work and living your life with integrity and as a companion to your Creator would mean that good things would happen for you and your family.
NA
This morning around 11:15 a.m. CT, I'll be speaking with KBUF's Lory Williams about my conversation with U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week, implementation of the Farm Bill and the lesser prairie chicken listening decision. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
There has been yet another Coast Guard medevac out of King Cove.  This is the 5th one this year.  The fisherman had to wait 14 hours for the weather to lift a bit and for the Coast Guard to be able to safely get the helicopter into King Cove.  Thank goodness the Coast Guard is there, but each flight costs taxpayers nearly a quarter of a million dollars.  We could have got him medical attention sooner if we had a 10 mile one land gravel road from King Cove to Cold Bay.  It would be built by the State of Alaska and maintained by the Aleutians East Borough.  We just need Sec. Jewell to let us build it.  I don’t want to stand by and do nothing and have somebody die out there when we have a safer and saner path forward. http://1.usa.gov/1my2jo5
I’m still working to keep as many historic documents in Alaska as possible, and am happy to report some progress!  See the news from my most recent conversation with the Archivist of the United States here: http://1.usa.gov/1jx9A7t 
The PFD clock is ticking, Alaska. I filed today and made sure to Pick.Click.Give!
This month, my Veteran Spotlight is on one of the best of the best of the Air Force.  Gary Turner fell in love with our state and has done so much within the community and at the Kenai Peninsula College to ensure our veterans get the support  and educational tools they need as the enter a new chapter in their lives.  Watch his story here: http://1.usa.gov/O9OLCO
With Tax Day around the corner, Americans need more jobs, not higher taxes. Read my op-ed featured in The Daily Caller:
John Stossel stopped by my office today to discuss #NSA overreach
April Fools via Lexington Herald-Leader
Obamacare has made many Americans fearful that cost-cutting and rationing of care will limit their options for health care at a time when they are vulnerable--when they are sick or battling a life threatening condition. I introduced a bill today to fight against hidden barriers to treatment and life-saving medicine. I am proud this legislation has the support of the National Right to Life Committee.
Had a wonderful meeting with Pittsburg State University President Steve Scott today.  Good to hear about all of the impressive and exciting things happening at Pitt State!
With the “new” deadline, #Obamacare website is still failing users. It’s time to repeal and replace!  Source: http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/obamacare-deadline/obamacare-website-fails-deadline-arrives-n67666
Senators Rubio, Kaine Syria Resolution Unanimously Approved By Foreign Relations Committee: http://1.usa.gov/QDCmJG  The resolution condemns the unlawful use of violence against civilians in Syria, urges all parties in the country to allow for immediate, unfettered access to humanitarian aid, supports the immediate and full implementation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2139, and calls on the international community to continue assisting innocent victims of the crisis. If adopted by the full Senate, the resolution calls for President Obama to develop and submit a more robust U.S. strategy for addressing the Syrian humanitarian crisis to Congress within 90 days.   “While the Assad regime continues to ignore deadlines and break promises, millions of innocent Syrian civilians, including children, continue to suffer and this humanitarian crisis continues to grow,” said Rubio. “The Senate should adopt this resolution quickly and send a clear message to the Obama administration that we need a new humanitarian strategy that includes concrete actions to increase pressure on Assad instead of giving him more room to maneuver and commit these atrocities.”   
Senator Rubio discusses legislation to protect taxpayers from ObamaCare bailout with Mike Gallagher
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Hold Administration Accountable, Protect Taxpayers From ObamaCare Bailout: http://1.usa.gov/1hZ8cpW  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced The ObamaCare Taxpayer Bailout Protection Act, legislation to hold the Administration accountable by ensuring ObamaCare’s risk-corridor provision remains budget neutral, which would prevent taxpayer dollars from being used to bailout insurance companies.   This is Rubio’s latest attempt to protect taxpayers from an ObamaCare bailout after introducing The ObamaCare Taxpayer Bailout Prevention Act in November.   Under ObamaCare’s section 1342, risk corridors were established for the law’s first three years as a safety net for insurers who experience financial losses, needlessly exposing taxpayers to funding a bailout of insurance companies. Earlier this month, the Obama administration announced a new rule “to operate the risk corridors program in a budget neutral manner.” Rubio’s bill holds the Administration accountable by requiring that ObamaCare’s risk corridors ensure budget neutrality.   “From rising health care costs to loss of coverage, millions of Americans have already been hurt by ObamaCare. We cannot allow a taxpayer-funded bailout to be the American people’s next hardship,” said Rubio. “The Administration’s excessive delays and revisions of ObamaCare cannot transform the law into a success, and taxpayers cannot be expected to foot the bill for Washington’s mistakes when the law fails.   “This provision holds the Administration to its word and takes a common sense approach to guaranteeing taxpayers are protected from further paying for a reckless and irresponsible law that should never have been passed in the first place,” added Rubio.   A PDF of the legislation is available here.
Ranking Member Sessions spoke today at a Budget Committee hearing about government policies that are harmful to working and out-of-work Americans, including a vast welfare bureaucracy with "no vision" and "no coherence." Sessions also pushed back on the calls from various special interests for a more open-borders immigration policy that would result in low wages and more guest workers, rather than rising wages and higher employment. Nearly all Congressional Democrats have endorsed a plan to double the flow of new guest workers.
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' remarks at the Budget Committee hearing this morning:   “We were told that the massive debts accumulated over the last five years would lead to prosperity. But we now are left with none of the prosperity and all of the debt… CBO says [interest payments on that debt] will rise in 2024 to $880 billion. That single year’s interest payment is 300 times what we spend today on our national parks. It’s 20 times what we spend today on our highways. It’s enough to fund our federal education programs for more than a decade…  If we care about economic growth, if we care about prosperity, then we must recognize that these rising interest payments threaten to drown our economy.”
I submitted amendments today to make it easier for Americans to get the job training they need and to restore the 40-hour workweek that has been unraveled by Obamacare.   Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/sen-scott-introduces-amendments-fix-job-training-programs-restore-40-hour-work-week
In the Capitol talking about my amendments to strengthen job training and restore the 40-hour work week eroded by Obamacare.
If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it … #AprilFools #Obamacare
NA
Every Tuesday morning when the Senate is in session, constituents are invited to join me for Mississippi Morning coffee. Here are some pictures from today's coffee. For more information, see my website: http://1.usa.gov/1mIsUSd
Listen to my interview with Mississippi Public Broadcasting on Obamacare:
