“Dr. King’s birthday reminds me of a hot August day in 1963. I was a law student and summer intern at the Department of Justice, and I remember standing at the back of a huge crowd as Dr. King spoke of his dream that one day his children would not be judged ‘by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.’ This was a time of sit-ins and civil rights marches in the South. Even some major universities were just beginning to end segregation by race. So much has changed since that day, but his words are important words to remember as we strive to honor his legacy." http://1.usa.gov/1eHfnTm
As we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., let us reflect on these words - from his "I Have a Dream" speech 50 years ago last summer - that hold special meaning for Granite Staters: "Let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire."
Today, we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and everything he did for the civil rights movement.
Senator Collins attended the Service of Light ceremony at All Souls Church in Bangor to honor the memory of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and to remember his life and legacy.
Senator Corker made the following statement yesterday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The federal holiday honoring King is today, Monday, January 20.  “Dr. King had a tremendous vision of what our country could be, and he also had the courage to stand up and pursue it,” said Corker. “As we honor his legacy, his example reminds all of us to pursue public service in a way that ensures we leave behind a better country for future generations.”
With March for Life this Wednesday, a beautiful op-ed that makes a simple but powerful argument: choose adoption not abortion. #Stand4Life
Prayers for the immediate release of North Korean prisoner #103 Kenneth Bae: The Lord works righteousness and justice for all the oppressed. Psalm 103:6
Last August, we marked the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King’s “I Have a Dream" speech. Today we celebrate, remember, and redouble our commitment to expand that dream to each and every American.
There's a reason people flock from states like New York to states like Texas. We welcome everyone who values life, faith, freedom, and opportunity http://bit.ly/1agYsKz
Today we honor the legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr. His dream continues to inspire generations to embrace freedom and strive to create positive change within our communities and country.
I had a great visit to North August today.    Enjoyed speaking with local residents about the problems of Obamacare, future of Savannah River Site, and why we need to get to the bottom of what happened in Benghazi.
RitchieMfg inConrad Tour&meet w 26employees Issues:FarmBill FoodStamps Ethanol Unemployment MedMarijuana NoKirea Obamacare SenateRaces
Ackley ChamberOfCom host 36ppl Issues: RFS/EPA Why xport oil DODcuts Olympics/terrorists EarlyChildEd Obamacare Medicare GamblingOnLine
ClarksvilleHS govt 30students Issues:Syria NSA Obamacare GovChristie MyPolCareer&why I chose it Division time between DC&iowa Obama&me
"I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together." - Martin Luther King, Jr., I Have A Dream speech given on Aug. 28, 1963 http://www.christianpost.com/news/martin-luther-king-jr-i-have-a-dream-speech-full-text-transcript-mlk-jr-day-2014-celebrated-across-america-full-speech-video-112954/
To celebrate the 85th anniversary of #MLK's birth, we should strive every day to build a country worthy of his memory.
Today, we honor one of our nation’s heroes. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. http://t.co/pH6Uw1L2zS
Taking time today to reflect on the accomplishments, words and vision of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. His leadership in the fight for equal civil rights in America was remarkable and remains an inspiration across the globe.
Nobody knows the value of rigorous scientific review better than the scientists themselves - that's why I was proud to speak before the Alaska Marine Science Symposium moments ago about the need to get the best science available to drive policy decisions.
This morning, I had the pleasure of visiting with several members of Anchorage's large - and growing - Korean community.  I want to thank them for sharing their time and unique outlook.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. helped America realize its own dream of equality under the law. And yet, there is still much work to do.
Honored to speak at the 29th Annual MLK Day Breakfast in Columbus to celebrate the life and example of a great leader.
We had a wonderful visit to Spinal Simplicity in Overland Park this morning. They are doing incredible things with minimally invasive spinal implants. A great Kansas Company.
Learn More About Senator Rubio's Official Visit To Asia: http://1.usa.gov/1aklIqZ
 
 Pictured here: Rubio meets with Commandant of the Japanese Coast Guard, Admiral Yuji Sato, to discuss maritime disputes in the region.
ICYMI: Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' friday statement on House leaders' drafting 'immigration principles': "House Republican leaders must dismiss the whispers of the consultant class, the pleadings of the business lobby, and the pressure campaign from the activists who believe illegal immigration is a civil right...Instead, the GOP must embrace the national interest: placing its first emphasis on helping millions of Americans transition from welfare and unemployment to work and rising wages...The House now stands alone as the last line of defense for millions of working Americans that form the backbone of the nation"
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was a transformational leader whose belief in equality, justice, and a better life for all continues to inspire us today.   In one of the final speeches before his tragic death, Dr. King talked about the importance of spreading economic and educational opportunities.   Nearly half a century later, those ideas ring as strong as ever. Every child should have the chance for a quality education, and every American deserves the opportunity to succeed.  Dr. King’s work and legacy will forever be an integral piece of America’s history.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - #MLK
