In a speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate, Sen. Alexander said President Obama and Senate Democrats have failed “to make a reasonable effort to resolve real differences” and questioned why the president would talk with Iranian leaders but not congressional leaders. Alexander said, “This stubbornness in the face of reasonableness will not be good for our country, will not be good for either political party, it will not help us to achieve the kind of result on this and other issues that the Founders intended by creating a system of checks and balances in our democratic form of government.” Please LIKE or SHARE this post if you agree with Alexander that Democrats are being unreasonable. http://tinyurl.com/nvtcos5
Earlier today, I spoke on the Senate floor calling on Senate Democrats to treat families in Missouri and across the country the same as businesses. Share this post if you want an ObamaCare delay for all Americans.
For the third time in a week, Senate Democrats moved the nation closer to a government shutdown in order to protect ObamaCare. Republicans have offered common-sense solutions while Democrats have fallen in line with President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Reid. Americans deserve better.
Beginning today, October 1st, the federal government will be shut down and all non-essential operations will cease until Congress and the White House reach an agreement to restore funding.   As a result, my offices in Winston-Salem, Asheville, Gastonia, Rocky Mount, and Wilmington will be closed and constituent service operations will be temporarily suspended for the duration of the shutdown. My Washington, D.C. office will be operating at very limited capacity to support the core legislative functions needed to end the shutdown and restore government operations.  Click below to read my full statement.
A government shutdown has real implications for seniors, veterans and hardworking Arkansas families who rely on the services provided by federal agencies.  This is exactly what we were trying to prevent, but there has been no willingness to on the part of Majority Leader Reid to compromise. He has refused to even allow the Senate to consider the last three House-passed continuing resolutions. And now he just shot down an effort to form a committee between the two chambers to resolve this.  It’s time to come together and find commonsense solutions to our challenges. America functions best when we work through our differences and come together and address our country's problems.
I wrote in USA TODAY about how under the Obamacare exchanges, there are several reasons for the buyer to beware. Under Obamacare, Americans will see higher costs, fraud and identity theft, customer service failures and could lose their doctor.
I'll join Sean Hannity and Senator Graham on Fox News tonight at 9:00 pm (ET) 7:00 pm (MT) to discuss Obamacare.
Due to the federal government shutdown, I am canceling my mobile office hours in Liberty today and Bloomington tomorrow. My office will reschedule these once the government reopens.
I am joining WLS at 9:15 ET to discuss the government shutdown. You can tune in at http://www.wlsam.com/
As we head toward a government shutdown, the president remains watching from the sidelines. President Obama’s repeated unwillingness to work with Congress has resulted in an ineffective government with a dangerous pattern of careening from crisis to crisis. This is no way to run a country. Americans voted for a divided government, not a nonexistent government. House Republicans sent the Senate a solution that would keep the government open and provide individuals the same relief from Obamacare that the president has given businesses. The measure to delay the individual mandate is similar to legislation I introduced in the Senate. It is deeply frustrating that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and the president rejected this solution and are driving us into a government shutdown. American taxpayers deserve better than this from their government. I will continue to work with my colleagues to find a solution so we can focus on restoring our fiscal health and growing the economy.
Have questions about the government shutdown? Read this report published the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.  Click the link below.
Just voted to delay #Obamacare's individual mandate for one year and fund the government. I commend the  House for sending the bill to the Senate.
Sen. Cornyn Calls On Congress And President Obama To Open War Memorials and Monuments:
Cornyn: Time for President Obama to Overrule Harry Reid:
[video] Cornyn: Democrats Reject Reasonable Proposals to Keep Government Open:
Once again, Harry Reid and President Obama clearly want a shutdown
Harry Reid and Senate Ds to reject latest House effort at a conference at 9:30 a.m. ET
Vote on tabling on now
Reid will move to table House amendments as soon as they get to the Senate, circa 9:15 p.m.
It is obvious: Reid and Obama want a government shutdown
Can't believe Harry Reid making red state Ds up in 2014 walk the plank over congressional carveout from Obamacare.
Obamacare is one BIG "glitch." But we can fix it. #DefundObamacare #MakeDCListen
CNN: #HarryReidsShutdown continues.
Until the federal government is fully funded again, services my office performs will be very limited. My social media and web page will not be updated. Constituent mail and email inquiries, tours, requests for help with federal agencies (casework), flag requests and other functions will start up again after the shutdown. One of my state offices will be open on a rotating basis and I will have limited personnel taking phone messages in my D.C. office. I will focus on ending the shutdown, but will continue to support defunding the president’s health care law and will not support overspending. By law, members of Congress will receive pay during a shutdown, but I plan to send that back.
Last night the Senate majority rejected a House approved continuing resolution to fund the government. This guaranteed the first government shutdown in 17 years. The Senate majority also rejected an offer from the House to create a conference committee to reconcile the difference between the two chambers. I will not support a bill that funds Obamacare. We need to pass my legislation that would ensure that Washington must go on the Obamacare exchanges with the rest of America.
Due to the government shutdown, my offices are currently operating on a limited basis. Most constituent services have been temporarily suspended, and replies to correspondence will likely be delayed until the shutdown is over. If you have an emergency or need more immediate assistance, please call (402) 391-3411 or (202) 224-6551 during business hours.   Serving Nebraskans is my top priority, regardless of the government's operating status. Please be assured that I will continue working with my colleagues to find a sensible resolution to this situation.
I shouldn’t get a congressional salary while other federal employees are denied the ability to go to work.  I'm going to take my salary during the government shutdown and donate it to the Wounded Warrior Project.
Just voted to delay the Obamacare individual mandate and eliminate Congress special exemption from Obamacare.
4Times the Republican House passed bills to fund govt(no shutdown)  4times Reid&54Dems said to house"jump in lake"  so Result is shutdown
MSNBC had story how easy it is to operate ObamaCare website Aftr 30 min gave up could not get info ALLON TV  ...SYSTEM FAILURE
Some Democrat Senators have sign on door "out of business/govt shutdown"  my office is open w skeleton staff according to law
Just welcome 4busload of Iowa WWII VETS TO THEIR MEMORIAL  Thanks for ur service  Glad govt decided to open memorial regardless of shutdown
WWII vets on HonorFiight are being denied entrance to Memorial bc of Govt shutdown OUTRAGEOUS These vets fought a war for freedom Let themIN
It is extremely unfortunate that Congress was unable to make the tough decisions necessary to avert a government shutdown. This sort of governing by crisis is irresponsible, and Washington cannot continue down this reckless path.  The only reason we are in this situation is due to Washington’s inability to produce a long-term budget and pass all appropriations bills, which is why I introduced ‘No Budget, No Pay.’ No question, failed leadership and a crippling inability to come to an agreement are shared failures by both parties.   http://www.heller.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=b976ad9f-aff6-4007-ae1f-c997d25db5ba
A government shutdown has real implications for Oklahomans, seniors, small business owners, veterans, and civilian employees that support our military installations.   At this time, the U.S. House of Representatives has sent the Senate several common-sense solutions to fund the government while addressing the concerns Americans have for the President’s healthcare law. The President could have accepted the proposal to delay the law’s individual mandate, a delay he already gave to big businesses. He could have accepted the one-year delay on ObamaCare or the elimination of the special carve-out for Congress. Let me remind you that since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, the President has signed 14 laws that have amended or repealed portions of ObamaCare; delayed at least 5 provisions of the law, independent of Congress; and missed half of the deadlines for implementation. Yet today, the President won’t come to the table to address Americans’ concerns about implementation and funding of this disastrous piece of legislation. He and the Democrats have instead chosen to shut down the government rather than negotiate.  I encourage the President and my Senate colleagues to come to the table and end this shutdown.
Current impasse is a new opportunity to pass bi-partisan #SimpsonBowles deficit reduction plan. 
 
 http://www.fiscalcommission.gov/sites/fiscalcommission.gov/files/documents/TheMomentofTruth12_1_2010.pdf
It is unfortunate that partisan differences have brought us to a shutdown of our government. From day one I maintained that while I do not support ObamaCare, a shutdown of the federal government will have a negative impact on our markets and the economy. If we are to overcome this impasse, both sides must be willing to compromise.  http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=874
Late Saturday night, the House of Representatives passed a bill to ensure that all active duty military personnel, the brave men and women in uniform, will continue to get paid. Yesterday, the Senate took up that measure and passed it unanimously. It did so in a matter of minutes, in a seemingly effortless legislative act.  I think we can do the exact same thing with a number of noncontroversial spending bills that fund aspects of government that Americans overwhelmingly support, that Americans acknowledge that we need, and that are completely unrelated to #Obamacare.  My plan, in other words, would involve setting up segmented continuing resolutions, appropriations measures that would keep the funding going at current levels to various areas within government, including the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, military construction, C.J.S., which includes funding for the Department of Justice, the federal court system, the F.B.I., NASA, and the national weather service, for example.  We can act. We should act. We must act today to resolve this. There is absolutely no reason why this noncontroversial aspect of our federal government's operation should continue one more day or even one more hour, for that matter, without being funded.
Yesterday we saw Republicans and Democrats in the Senate unanimously approve pay for full-time active duty military personnel.  I think this can be a model for us to fund other areas of the government and avoid a prolonged #GovernmentShutdown.
Many of you are asking where things stand in Washington:   To fund government and end the shutdown, a continuing resolution (CR) must be agreed to by both the House and Senate. As of this afternoon, no agreement has been reached and the federal government remains shut down. Republicans have made numerous proposals and have tried to engage Senate Democrats to work toward a solution.  Unfortunately, Democrats in Congress and President Obama are maintaining a 'no negotiations' policy, only willing to make a deal if it is on their exact terms. But divided government, as envisioned by the Founding Fathers, requires the House, the Senate and the President all to reach agreement on legislation before it can be passed into law. A “no negotiations” policy is unhelpful and only sustains the deadlock.   I continue to work to reach a responsible solution that is good for Kansas and good for the country.
Yet another broken promise.
Americans expect and deserve their elected officials to work together to find solutions. If we had a functioning Senate we would not be in this position. Unfortunately, Senate Democrats and President Obama refuse to come to the table and work toward a responsible solution with those who disagree with them. They would rather shut down the government than negotiate.  I am anxious for this impasse to come to an end, and I will continue to do everything I can to make certain Kansans’ voices are heard in Washington.
Thanks to all the Alaskans for reaching about my staff and the shutdown.  To comply with federal law, I have designated my staff as “excepted” staff – deciding against furloughing them.  During a shutdown, and under federal law, I am required to designate my staff as either ‘excepted’ or ‘non-excepted.’  A staffer designated as ‘excepted’ must report to work and assist me to carry out my Constitutional responsibilities.  In the legislative branch, it is only those designated as ‘non-excepted’ – or in the executive branch, ‘non-essential’ – that may not work during a shutdown by law.  During a shutdown, nobody gets paid – but some employees are designated as ‘essential’ or ‘excepted’ and required to report to work.  Here’s a useful article to walk you through the details:
The ripple effect of this government shutdown has consequences far beyond just federal employees.  As I told my Senate colleagues last night, there are real lives and real families and people who are going to be lying awake wondering what this government shutdown will mean for them.  We need to figure this out and give our constituents a solution.
There’s a lot of uncertainty for federal workers and the Alaskans who know them or work with them every day.  I want Alaskans to know and as we work to find a solution to this shutdown, my offices are open and staffed so that you will be able to contact me or receive the constituent services you need.  My staff receives no pay for their work during this shutdown until a resolution is found.  As for my DC office, if Alaskans have traveled over four thousand miles to meet with me, they will not be greeted by a ‘Closed’ sign – unlike at other offices.  I am here to work for you, even if our government seems a bit broken right now.
After the last vote, I spoke to my colleagues on the floor and to the Alaskans watching at home.  My message?  I've not hidden the fact that I am not a supporter of the Affordable Care Act. I have voted against it every time we have had the opportunity to do so. But do I believe that we should shut down the federal government at this point because we haven't been able to shut down the Affordable Care Act? I think that we have a responsibility here. We've got a responsibility to govern and we're not doing that right now.   Folks back home are talking about a lot of things, talking about the fact that they had a tough fish season in certain parts of the state. They're talking about the fact that winter is coming on and our energy costs are still as high as they ever have been. They're worried about what's coming forward for them and their families. What they don't need is to know that their government can't operate. So as we deal with these very weighty decisions at this very, very late hour, we need to remember who we represent, what we're doing here. It's not just about the next election. It's about making sure that those people that we work for are not stressing and are not anxious about what tomorrow is going to bring for them.   So I’m hopeful in the less than two hours that we have we will be able to figure out how we keep the government running, how we keep the wheels on the bus, and how we get back to governing.
Today's Wall Street Journal editorial on the CR’s almost $36 billion over the budget caps. We need real spending cuts.
The GOP showed up to negotiate. It's the Democrats all-or-nothing mentality that is keeping the government closed.
I have said from the beginning that I do not believe shutting down the government is a good idea, but the Democrats would rather shut down the government than work with Republicans on solutions to the Obamacare train wreck.  http://instagram.com/p/e70O7lIMLC/
I don't want to shut down government, but we're spending our kids' future and we can not keep doing it this.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5X-uh-0rPs
The Obamacare exchanges launched today with a resounding thud.  As predicted, Americans across the country are having trouble with down websites and incredibly long hold times.  Even the folks at MSNBC were unable to access the Obamacare exchanges.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOjt35jgmz4
Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah has a great breakdown of what the average American can expect under Obamacare which is in sharp contrast to what the President promised the   American people.
No one wants a government shutdown. In the past 72 hours, Republicans have offered up three different solutions to give the American people what they want -- a government that works for the people and protection from the health care law that is hurting patients and the economy.  The Senate Democrats have not considered a single one of these solutions.   I voted to keep the government open every single time. Nevertheless, Harry Reid and the Democrat leadership were unwilling to even consider these proposals and now will not work with us on a solution.   This unfortunate event is not about a government shutdown, this is about protecting Kansans and Americans from the disastrous health care law that is damaging our economy, raising our taxes, and costing people their jobs.  As predicted, the Obamacare exchanges opened today with massive problems.  Despite multiple delays and waivers for unions, corporations and businesses, Obamacare is still being forced on the American people. I am deeply disappointed my colleagues across the aisle will not consider solutions that acknowledge the widespread concerns expressed by the American people with Obamacare.  We cannot let this stalemate stand. I will continue to work toward a solution. I urge my Democrat colleagues to put their constituents first and stop the march to socialized medicine and get the American government back up and running.
Shutdowns don't happen when Congress does its job. Our country deserves better than short-term, band-aid spending bills that only work well enough to get us to the next crisis. We need a real, responsible budget that solves our country's spending addiction and puts us back on the path to fiscal solvency.
Due to the government shutdown, my offices are currently operating on a restricted basis and with limited resources. Most constituent services have been suspended, and replies to correspondence will likely be delayed until the shutdown is over. If you have an emergency or need more immediate assistance, please call (610) 434-1444 or (202) 224-4254 during business hours.    Shutdown or not, serving the people of Pennsylvania is my top priority. Please be assured that I will continue working with my colleagues to find a sensible resolution to this situation.    Thank you for your patience and understanding.    Sincerely,   Pat Toomey U.S. Senator, Pennsylvania
These Mississippi veterans didn't let a government shutdown barricade stop them from seeing the World War II Memorial.
