Today Sen. Alexander introduced legislation to reimburse Tennessee for reopening Great Smoky Mountains National Park while the federal government was shut down last October. Alexander said: “This national treasure shouldn’t have been forced to close in the first place, and Tennessee taxpayers certainly shouldn’t be forced to foot the bill for having it reopened.” LIKE if you agree, and read more HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1fSojdi   
NA
Today, I joined Senators Mikulski, Alexander, and Harkin at a press conference to urge the passage of the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Reauthorization Act of 2014. #care4kids  
Today’s HELP subcommittee hearing represents an important admission that #Obamacare is not working.  That such an admission takes place within the very committee that wrote the Affordable Care Act is a huge step, and I commend the committee for taking it. However, more government, through a single payer system, is not the solution for American health care. 
The healthcare community is forced to comply with a government mandate to update a new generation of diagnosis codes. This includes codes for such strange injuries like spending too much time in a deep-freeze refrigerator or a large toe that has gone unexpectedly missing. This sounds crazy, but it’s true. Read more about our efforts to stop the adoption of these codes.
Congressman Randy Forbes and I authored a piece for National Review on the opportunity the Supreme Court has later this month to reconsider the Obamacare mandate that forces employers to offer contraceptive and sterilization services that violate their religious beliefs. You can read it by following the link below.
I met Yushi Homma of Carmel, Indiana in the Capitol this afternoon. He is one of 40 Intel Science Talent Search finalists. I wish him success as he begins college in the fall.
NA
Tomorrow through Friday, a member of my staff will visit Porter, Switzerland, Jefferson, Benton, Spencer, Johnson, and Cass Counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. Details below:   Wednesday, March 12   What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Chesterton Time: 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. CT Location: Westchester Public Library: 200 West Indiana Avenue  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Vevay Time: 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. ET Location: Switzerland County Public Library: 205 Ferry Street  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Madison Time: 2:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. ET Location: Madison City Hall: 101 West Main Street  Thursday, March 13  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Fowler Time: 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. ET Location: Benton County Public Library: 102 North Van Buren Avenue  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Franklin Time: 2:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. ET Location: Franklin City Hall: 70 East Monroe Street  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Rockport Time: 3:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. CT Location: Spencer County Library: 210 Walnut Street  Friday, March 14  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Logansport Time: 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. ET Location: Logansport City Hall: 601 East Broadway
Great to visit with Indiana State University President Dan Bradley. Go Sycamores!
News Release: Since they were taken into conservatorship in 2008, the government has controlled no less than 95 percent of the housing finance market in any given year, leaving no room for the private market to re-enter and compete. The current system is unsustainable and leaves taxpayers exposed to potentially trillions of dollars in liabilities.  It is critical that we reduce the government’s footprint and bring private capital back into the housing market. Today, Banking Committee Chairman Tim Johnson and I announced an agreement for comprehensively reforming our housing finance system, and legislative text will follow in the coming days.
With only a few weeks remaining for the Administration to enroll people in Obamacare, Congress continues to seek answers on the actual number of Americans enrolled—including those who were previously uninsured, but now have coverage under Obamacare.  But, according to reports, the number of previously uninsured who are now insured is “not a data point” that HHS is collecting.  Considering the many problems and broken promises with this law it is very important to know if the law is working for the very people it was promised to offer coverage to.
As the Senate’s lead Republican and co-author of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) Reauthorization, I am a strong advocate for addressing sexual assault and domestic violence.  Tonight, the Senate helped put a stop to the sexual violence that has been harming our military culture with the passage of the Victim’s Protection Fund—which I was proud to support.  This measure empowers victims, increases protections against retaliation for reporting sexual traumas and further increases accountability in the military justice system.  Service members make great sacrifices to our nation, and we must ensure our military responds forcefully to end sexual violence wherever it occurs.
It appears "the most transparent administration in history” is having a little trouble with … transparency.
Student Daniel Tinoco shot dead and opposition leader Leopoldo López still jailed in #Cubazuela. #SOSVenezuela
Remember when Democrats wanted to cut tax rates to increase economic growth? 
The Obama Administration shouldn't use the endangered species list to block the Great American Energy Renaissance.
We cannot continue to saddle future generations with crushing debt because we are too irresponsible to live within our means. #MakeDCListen
Obamacare proponents want more - a complete government takeover of health care. But the law’s problems have reminded people what happens when the federal government tries to handle everything.
I’m pleased to introduce this bipartisan bill on behalf Arizona and the other states that stepped up to ensure public access to national parks during the government shutdown. I look forward to its prompt passage.
NA
This afternoon the Emerging Threats and Capabilities subcommittee, which I serve on as ranking member, held an important hearing to ensure our special forces have the training and resources they need to complete their missions.
American families suffering under Obamacare deserve the same relief President Obama has given to businesses and special interests. Today I introduced the FAIR Act, which makes sure the administration can’t continue to issue selective delays for political allies without offering the same treatment to individuals and families. http://1.usa.gov/N4faBq
"Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, praised the inspector general’s decision. Last year, Grassley encouraged the inspector general to cut Small Smiles out of the Medicaid program after a yearlong investigation by his staff. " Read the full story here:
Senator Grassley is praising the Department of Education’s response to a call from a bipartisan group of senators to reach out to foster youth about available college aid and other resources that could help them succeed.  Foster youth rarely graduate from college, but help is available.  Read more below and visit http://www.studentaid.gov/foster:
North Dakotans and I are rightly concerned about not only the safety of our communities, but also the reliability of rail transportation to carry people and goods in our rapidly growing economy. I again made the point that the company must work with producers and shippers to do all they can to keep our communities safe, our Amtrak trains running on schedule and our agricultural products moving to market.
We’ve been working for over a year to address issues related to the safe transport of crude oil, including tank car standards, appropriate speed limits, track inspections and improved communication technologies to avert collisions. We’ve made a great deal of progress, including new voluntary safety measures that the industry is implementing. However, our work is not yet done, and we will continue to engage all parties - federal regulators, railroads, shippers and communities along the tracks – to ensure we have the smartest, safest rail practices in place.
Watch part of my speech on Senate floor regarding the importance of creating a comprehensive national energy plan.
Instead of talking about energy policy here on the senate floor, let’s do it. Let’s start voting. Let's put solutions in place for the American people. We can produce more energy, create more jobs, grow our economy and grow our tax base so that we can reduce our debt and deficit without raising taxes. We can provide real energy security for our nation and do it with better environmental stewardship.
Had productive meeting today with Mayor Brown and Grand Forks City officials about a variety of timely issues impacting North Dakota, including rail safety.
My New Trier High School classmate and friend Vice Adm. Mike Rogers will be an excellent NSA Director. Proud to support him.
A conservative reform agenda speaks to the middle class, and to the poor in America. It helps us shed the label that has been designed by us for those on the left - the sort of caricatured label that says we are somehow the party of the top one percent. These things simply aren’t true. We’re conservative not in spite of our compassion, we are conservative because we are compassionate.   Learn more about the conservative reform agenda in this Real News interview.
My father, Rex Edwin Lee, died eighteen years ago today after a courageous, nine-year battle with cancer.  I still find myself missing him every single day.
Always fun to join Dave Letterman on The Late Show! You can watch the video from last night here: 
It was good to see old friends and new faces at tonight's Kansas Farm Bureau event. Their organization represents grassroots agriculture and supports farm families who earn their livings in a changing industry. I often tell folks in Washington that we live a special way of life in Kansas, and  I enjoyed being able to visit with so many farmers and ranchers who are committed to and actively involved in preserving agriculture in our state for the next generation. A special thanks to my friend and Kansas Farm Bureau President Steve Baccus who will retire in December after serving the organization for 17 years.
Today, the U.S. Senate unanimously passed a pediatric medical research bill, the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, named for a Virginia fifth-grader who lost her battle with cancer in October. The legislation, which passed the House in December, would shift $126 million in taxpayer dollars from the 2016 and 2020 political party conventions to prioritize research funds to treat and cure pediatric diseases and disorders. The legislation now awaits the President’s signature.  Our nation has long recognized the importance of advancing medical research. Given the vast amount of progress made over the last century — as well as the great potential current research holds — it is important that we continue our commitment to prioritizing funding to advance cures and treatments for diseases. To learn more about Gabriella’s story, click the video link below.
I encourage you to read my weekly e-newsletter, Kansas Common Sense. This week includes stories about supporting veterans benefits and military retirement pay, the VA claims backlog, joining Kansas entrepreneurs at SXSW Interactive and visiting Ellsworth County Medical Center.
With the federal government announcing plans to close Anchorage's National Archives facility, I'm working with the National Archives and Records Administration to find a fiscally-responsible solution that maintains access for Alaskans to historical documents and information.
I spoke on the Senate floor this morning about Dallas Seavey’s win and about how Alaskans are celebrating amazing athletes, both human and canine, doing amazing things in our amazing state.
Heading to the Senate floor to talk about Dallas' amazing Iditarod finish! http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
I want to congratulate Dallas Seavey on a dramatic victory, but also a tremendous accomplishment. Alaskans will be talking about his win for years, as one for the ages of the Last Great Race.
This morning, I announced the Jobs for America proposal which will bring back opportunity, spark an economic recovery and make it possible again for every citizen to have a shot at the American Dream.   President Obama and congressional Democrats have tried to tax, spend and regulate American prosperity, but those ideas haven't worked. We know we can do better, and it starts by putting our trust back in the American people.
Had a wonderfully productive meeting with the delegation from the City of Wichita- Government today.  There are so many great things happening in Wichita in addition to the Shockers!
It was great to see Manhattan, Kansas Mayor John Matta, City Commissioner Usha Reddi & City Manager Ron Feh this morning.  Had a great talk about NBAF, taxes, and of course the Wildcats.
As usual, we had a good discussion of agriculture issues from Farm Bill implementation to the lesser prairie chicken with the Kansas Farm Bureau Board today. Thanks to Terry Holdren and President Steve Baccus for the advice and counsel.
It is always good to visit with my friend and Lenexa City Councilman Andy Huckaba. Thanks for coming by and keeping me informed about all things Lenexa! City of Lenexa, Kansas Government
Senator Rubio Welcomes Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s Unanimous Passage Of Venezuela Resolution: http://1.usa.gov/1iwW2qj  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today welcomed the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s unanimous approval of S. Res. 365, a resolution condemning Nicólas Maduro’s deadly wave of repression in Venezuela and calling for sanctions on regime officials. Rubio sponsored the resolution with Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Robert Menendez (D-NJ). The resolution now awaits consideration by the full U.S. Senate.   Prior to the committee’s unanimous approval, Rubio delivered the following remarks in favor of its passage:   “This is an issue that’s kind of lost in the news lately given some of the other things that are going on around the world. […] You have a very serious crime problem in Venezuela. The students of Venezuela were protesting crimes that occurred on campus and took to the streets a few weeks ago to protest. The government cracked down, but not on the criminals, they cracked down on the students, leading to broader protests. And what you have now is all-out acts of violence not just committed by uniformed agents of the government, but they have these groups they set up called colectivos, which basically are militias of un-uniformed individuals riding motorcycles, armed with guns and weapons who are pulling up to these protests and basically firing into the crowd. There are now 20 people dead in Venezuela, over 500 injured, over 1000 have been jailed. Of the 20, 11 of gunshot wounds directly attributable to these government groups. Another was run over by a government vehicle.    “This is all occurring right underneath our nose, in this hemisphere. So I would encourage as many of our colleagues as possible to co-sponsor this.   “Here’s my last point. When I first got to the Senate, I used to see all these resolutions and say, ‘Well, this is just paper. Who does this matter to?’ This matters. They pay attention to this. I did an interview on CNN [en Español] a few weeks ago, and I have heard repeatedly from students in Venezuela who saw the interview and were uplifted by it.    “Because what does the government and what do oppressors tell people when they rise up and speak on behalf of their rights? ‘Nobody cares about you. Nobody’s paying attention. You don’t matter to anybody.’    “The fact that the United States of America and the U.S. Senate recognizes what’s happening in Venezuela and speaks out, as we have done here today, matters to these people. It truly does inspire them and lets them know that not only are they not forgotten, but that we care and are on their side. And I think that’s important. Any time in the world when people stand up and claim their universal rights as human beings to freely express themselves and to address their legitimate concerns about the direction of their country, they should not be met with bullets. And that’s what’s happening in Venezuela, and every time that happens, the people of our country need to be firmly on their side.” 
Senator Rubio Outlines New Job Creation Proposals on FOX Orlando
Senator Rubio Discusses Plan For Economic Growth on "FOX and Friends"
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses New Economic Growth Agenda With CNBC’s Larry Kudlow: http://1.usa.gov/1ltNl1L  Rubio: “I think our future can be brighter than our past. I think that the 21st century is tailor-made for what America is good at — innovation and job creation and investment. But we have to make a few changes if we want to fully utilize that.”
Proud to support the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, which provides for life-saving pediatric research for kids instead of using taxpayer dollars on political conventions, as it unanimously passed the Senate today.
Congrats to the Coastal Carolina and Wofford men's basketball teams for earning their trips to the NCAA tournament, and to the Winthrop women's team for earning their first ever trip to the tournament!
Who moved my cheese? The EU, apparently. Absurd. I call on the U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Department of Agriculture to stand up for America's dairy producers.  
Idea: fund Alzheimer's research at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) with proceeds from sales of US Postal Service stamps. I'm working on a bipartisan bill to do just that. #ENDALZ
During today's Armed Services Committee nominations hearing, I questioned Gen. Paul J. Selva about the Air Force's current plan to transfer 10 C-130J aircraft from Keesler Air Force Base to Little Rock Air Force Base.  Read more about my exchange with Gen. Selva by clicking on the link below.
