Check out today’s New York Times op-ed, written by Sens. Alexander, Coburn and Burr: “Playing Politics with Student Loans.” The senators wrote, “We have introduced a proposal that would get rid of the confusing and arbitrary way interest rates are determined on federal student loans, and instead allow rates to be set by the market...On July 1, [student loan interest] rates will return to 6.8 percent — which is why it is important for the Senate to make the right fix, right now.”  There are more than 9 million undergraduates that will take out federal loans this summer to pay for college next year. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” with students who deserve a plan that Alexander calls “simpler and smarter for the student” and visit Alexander’s Web site to read the op-ed with specifics of the proposal: http://1.usa.gov/15KlyTB
Great meeting today with members of the Homebuilders & Remodelers Association of NH!
Read about yesterday's important Armed Services Committee hearing on efforts to stop sexual assaults in the military: http://www.unionleader.com/article/20130605/NEWS06/130609694
Great to join members of the National Network to End Domestic Violence at this morning's congressional breakfast.  The Network does critical work that helps save lives.
Did you know that 69% of families who claimed the adoption tax credit were audited by the IRS last year? Ongoing IRS targeting hasn't been limited to political organizations. We must continue to investigate the IRS’s abuses and enact comprehensive reforms to prevent this type of activity from occurring again — before the IRS gets its hands on Americans’ health care coverage.
KOLR10 reported on my calls for military leaders to explain what they are doing to stop sexual assault during yesterday’s Armed Services Committee hearing.
Senate Democrats’ solution to student loans only helps a fraction of students and families and merely extends the existing, arbitrary rate for a minority of loans, and for just two years — a politically easy move that will only hurt students in the long run.   However, Senator Alexander, Senator Coburn, and I are offering a permanent solution for 100 percent of loans.   Click below to read our New York Times op-ed that lays out our plan.
We're working to help reduce the abuse of prescription medications   among our veterans. Learn more about our bipartisan bill.
If you're in the Fort Smith area tune into KFPW-AM 1230. We'll be joining Bill Pharis 10 minutes after the hour.
Senator Mike Enzi and I had the opportunity to spend some time with students from Casper's St. Anthony's Tri-Parish School as well as some of their families today on the steps of the U.S. Capitol.
Under Obamacare, young Americans are forced to pay more for health insurance, so someone else might pay less.
News Release: As we continue to work on the Farm Bill, colleagues and I are offering an amendment to try to improve the bill.  Senator Jim Risch and I joined Senators Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Mark Udall (D-Colorado) in introducing an amendment that would reinstate fresh white potatoes as eligible for purchase under the Women, Infants and Children (WIC) program.  The Secretary of Agriculture should not exclude the eligibility of any variety of fresh vegetables from being included as supplemental foods under the WIC program.  Idaho potatoes are popular, affordable and nutritional, yet this commodity continues to be unfairly targeted despite WIC managers and staff across the country expressing support.
Agriculture is a billion-dollar industry in Idaho, employing tens of thousands of people, making the Farm Bill very important to our state.  The U.S. Senate is still debating the bill and last week, I spoke with KTVB about the legislation.
Senator Collins met with Joseph Klaus of Oakland, ME today in her DC office.  Joseph was recently named a “Hero of Everyday Life” by the Sodexo Foundation for his outstanding efforts in combating hunger in the local community.  He has helped secure food for local food pantries as a member of Maine’s Harvest for Hunger, created a school garden that generates produce annually for local food pantries and homeless shelters, and has served thousands of meals as a volunteer at a local homeless shelter.  Congratulations Joseph!
Cornyn Statement on Houston Firefighters:
SAEN: Cornyn Wants 100% Border Security Added to Immigration Bill:
Temple Daily Telegram: Rep. Carter to Co-Sponsor Cornyn Anti-IRS Bill in House:
Prevarication is not a firing offense for this WH, it gets you promoted.
Cornyn Border Security Amendment to Immigration bill can be found here:
Cornyn Offers a Real Plan to Secure Border, with Real Triggers to Achieve RESULTS:
Senator Corker met with the Home Builders Association of Tennessee this afternoon in his Capitol Hill office. The group discussed a number of topics, including the need for GSE reform.
LIKE to see this? It's time to abolish the IRS!
A great pleasure to join The Mark Davis Show to discuss our fight to abolish the IRS and more.   Hope you'll listen and SHARE!
The Department of Justice struck a major blow against the First Amendment by spying on journalists.  It has withheld information on a scheme to track illegal gun purchases.  It’s done everything it can to protect the Administration’s abilities to use drone strikes on Americans.  Eric Holder is in charge of Justice, but what we are seeing from him and others in the Administration is a lot of legal doublespeak and denial.  It’s a full-on sprint away from accountability.  Eric Holder should resign.  Holder’s department  has become a department of injustice, but he’s only the symptom of a greater problem. The larger the federal government becomes, the more power begins to pool in bureaucratic shadows away from voter accountability.  We’re seeing a government that is routinely 'rogue', with the big-time bureaucrats like Mr. Holder and the IRS’ Lois Lerner denying wrongdoing.  I will continue to press for answers.  We are making some progress, but the more people demand an open and accountable Administration, especially those who chose this Administration, the more it will help bring about change.
Today I discussed Nebraska’s vibrant beef industry with Meghan Anderson and Brady Revels, who are representing Nebraska at the National Cattlemen's Beef Association Young Cattlemen’s Conference. Our state is home to more than 18,000 beef producers and more than 1.8 million head of cattle.
Shout-out to the wonderful group of 4-H students from Cherry County and Thomas County who are visiting DC this week. After this morning's Nebraska Breakfast, Congressman Adrian Smith and I took a photo with the students on the steps of the Capitol. It's always great to see young Nebraskans here in Washington.
will be a guest tonight on Fox News Channel at 9:00 pm speaking with Sean Hannity about Susan Rice's appointment to serve as President Obama's national security adviser.
Big turnout at Richard Bender's retirement. Longtime staff for Sen Harkin. Thanks 4 service to ppl of Iowa.
Congratulations Mike Mader for being selected as the Nevada Veteran of the Month! Via The Nevada Appeal #BattleBorn
I've said it before, if you can't trust IRS to do your taxes, how can you trust them to oversee your healthcare?
This afternoon I was glad to welcome several North Dakota 4-H students from Standing Rock to my office following their tour of the U.S. Capitol.
Had a great visit in my office today with these North Dakota students from Trinity High School in Dickinson. They're in Washington, DC to learn about the government as part of the Close Up Program.
Yesterday, I had the privilege to greet nearly 100 Oklahoman World War II Veterans during an Honor Flight event to visit their memorial in Washington, D.C. On this 69th anniversary of D-Day I thank the men and women who selflessly served and sacrificed in order to protect the freedoms and liberties that all American's enjoy.
After credit rating downgrade, Illinois is another step closer to junk bond status.
Recent reports indicate that two IRS employees who are overseeing the implementation of Obamacare were put on administrative leave for accepting lavish gifts at a conference.  The IRS is out of control, and it is time to rein in the power this agency has.  I invite you to read the two page piece of legislation that I recently introduced that would gut the expansion of IRS power that resulted from the passage of Obamacare: http://www.scribd.com/doc/145950161/S-560-Individual-Mandate-Shall-Not-Be-Construed-as-a-Tax
Today, I spent some time talking with students, teachers and parents from Solomon High School and the city of Concordia. Thank you for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
It was a pleasure to meet with Major General Paul Funk today—the new Fort Riley and Big Red One Commanding General. Congratulations on your new post, and best wishes on next week’s Victory Week as well as commemorating the Big Red One’s 96th anniversary.
55 years ago today, a small business called Pizza Hut opened in Wichita, Kansas. A large cheese pizza cost just $1.50 back then.
Why would we move backwards on keeping our skies safe? I'm glad the TSA listened to my concerns and changed their minds about allowing knives on planes. With all the flying Alaskans do, it is good to know there is one less worry about our security – and one less thing holding up our airport lines, too!
Team Murkowski at the Neighbor Works "Paint the Town" house today.  Our Anchorage Intern Cale, Angelina, Greg and Kyle devoting their lunch break to a good cause.
Good things are happening in Mountain View today with the Neighbor Works "Paint the Town" program in Anchorage.  My staff is out there right now helping put a fresh coat on the home of a very nice woman.
I have said it before, and I will say it again: it is absolutely unacceptable that Alaskan veterans have to wait an average of 467 days for the benefits they earned serving our country.  I am co-sponsoring the Accountability of Veterans Act to try to cut that wait time and keep veterans updated of where their claim stands.  That doesn’t sound like too much to ask, does it?  Our veterans deserve better than endless red tape.
I was proud to carry on the tradition of an Alaska-Hawaii partnership in a meeting today between our two states and congressional delegations.  Uncle Ted and Senator Daniel Inouye paved the way for bipartisan support across the Pacific for all issues, especially those for Alaska Native and Native Hawaiians.  Delegates from both states asked that we continue the same type of working relationship Ted and Dan worked so hard to achieve- to not have an Alaska delegation of 3, or a Hawaii delegation of 4, but a combined Alaska-Hawaii delegation of 7.
Be sure to check out my op-ed highlighting legislation that will be introduced tomorrow to require child welfare agencies to report a missing child immediately in order to better keep track of missing kids and to prevent child victims of sex trafficking from falling through the cracks.
Like and Share if you think the VA employees should be helping our nation’s vets, not their union bosses.
My "Trust But Verify" amendment to the Gang of Eight's immigration bill makes immigration reform conditional on  border security and protection against the federal government establishing a national identification card system for citizens.
My amendment to immigration legislation puts border security first. Immigration reform without border security is a non-starter.
Senator Leahy and I have introduced a bill that would allow judges more discretion in dealing with non-violent drug offenders. Mandatory minimum sentencing is often unjust, disproportionately targets the poor and undermines the bedrock principle that people should be treated as individuals. Here's George Will's excellent column today on this subject.
In case you missed it: I appeared on Fox's America's Newsroom this morning to discuss national security and my plan to implement a flat tax.    Click here to watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pabil8F8SHE
US citizens who've committed no real crime shouldn't be treated in this manner, especially as we continue to send that country billions of American taxpayer dollars. Not one more cent to Egypt. Not one more penny to countries that convict Americans of bogus crimes - not today, not tomorrow, not ever.  Click here to read my entire statement on Egypt's conviction of NGO employees:http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=833
Great to meet with General Paul Funk, Fort Riley and the Big Red One's new Commanding General.
Key Republican Senators sent a letter to their colleagues detailing concerns with the Gang of Eight's bill:
Tropical Storm Watch for the Lowcountry due to Tropical Storm Andrea. Make sure your family has a plan!   Learn more at the South Carolina Emergency Management Division's website - http://www.scemd.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=47&Itemid=218
Great meeting Miss Valeria and Lydia who came up with their grandparents from Mt. Pleasant to our Palmetto Wednesday this morning!
In case you missed it on Bill Rehkopf KDKA earlier, here is my announcement that a federal judge has granted a temporary restraining order and told HHS Secretary Sebelius to direct the transplant network to cease application of the "Under 12 Rule" as it applies to Sarah Murnaghan.
A federal court has issued a temporary restraining order of the under 12 policy to help save Sarah. Finally, some positive news:
Going on with Pittsburgh's Bill Rehkopf KDKA in a few minutes to discuss 10 year-old Sarah Murnaghan's case. Listen live here:
Hoping and praying that all are safe in the Center City building collapse in Philadelphia. Thank you to all first responders.
In case you missed it, The Today Show highlighted the life or death struggle of 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan. Health and Human Services Secretary  Kathleen Sebelius has options available to her to help this child become eligible for a lung transplant. Please encourage her to take exercise her authority.
This is leadership. General Eisenhower’s failure letter on the eve of the D-Day invasion, mistakenly date “July 5th.” (He had other things on his mind.) He wrote the letter in the event the attacks failed, to praise the soldiers who carried them out and to affirm that any blame or fault would be “mine alone.” God bless all World War II vets.
Senator Cochran and I have cosponsored the "Preserve the Waters of the U.S. Act" (S.1006), which would prevent the EPA and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from using a guidance document finalized in February 2012 to change legal responsibilities under the Clean Water Act.  It also stops the two agencies from issuing similar guidance in the future.   This regulatory overreach, which unfairly impacts Mississippi businesses and family farms, will do little to improve water quality. This legislation will protect our landowners by putting a stop to the Administration’s effort to sidestep public input and the normal rulemaking process.
