Check out today’s Associated Press article, “No Child Left Behind gets renewed focus,” on Sen. Alexander’s plan to fix the law and move decisions about education standards back to states, communities, and parents.  Alexander says, "excessive regulation of local schools by Washington is getting in the way of better schools."  Read the full story HERE: http://bigstory.ap.org/article/cf218cbf5f5f4f3c8b8f943893a33a0d/republicans-push-update-education-law
Over the past two days, I’ve been meeting with faith leaders, law enforcement officials, and other local leaders in and around Ferguson. On Sunday, I attended St. John’s United Church of Christ, and toured Ferguson with Chief Jon Belmar and Capt. Ron Johnson. This morning, I met with the co-chairs of the Ferguson Commission and other local leaders to discuss the work underway to help the community rebuild. I’m confident that the commitment of the co-chairs of the Ferguson Commission – along with the work of other local leaders and the Missouri General Assembly – will have a very positive impact as this community works to move forward. And I continue to believe that we all share the goal of peacefully healing and rebuilding the community after months of unrest.
Today marks World AIDS Day – a day when we remember not only those who have lost their lives to this devastating disease, but all of those who are affected by it. It is also an opportunity to recommit ourselves to the global fight against this deadly disease.
Today is the last day you can register your comments with the EPA on the President’s proposed carbon emissions mandates. These proposed mandates will drive up the price of electricity, send jobs overseas, and lead to the construction of foreign factories in places like China, which will emit far more carbon dioxide and pollution into the global atmosphere. The President’s plan will impact the daily lives of residents of our state - hitting hardworking families, seniors and those struggling to make ends meet the hardest. Let the EPA know how you feel by following the link below.
Mailbag Monday: Carla in Bella Vista wrote to me about two issues that she wants included in our agenda next Congress.
Please share if you believe a vigorous Congressional role should be reasserted before the United States is burdened with a bad Iran nuclear agreement.
As this article highlights, there are many interesting Indiana connections in Washington, D.C. If your family is planning a trip to the nation’s capital, my office is more than happy to help make the most of your visit. Feel free to contact my Washington office at (202) 224-5623.
NA
NA
Last month, many of you read with interest a story our office shared about one family’s international adoption journey. At the time, Jim and Mary Ann Sokolowski of Nashville were en route to the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) with hopes of bringing Tris and Cora – the twins they legally adopted over two years ago – home to Tennessee. They are one of over 300 families nationwide who have faced adoption challenges since the DRC suspended the issuance of exit letters in 2013. I have met with several of those families, and my staff continues to work toward a solution that will bring all of the children home safely.    I am glad to share their good news today. The Sokolowski family, including Tris and Cora, returned from the DRC on Thanksgiving and celebrated as a family this weekend in Nashville.    To read more about the Sokolowskis’ journey, click here: http://bit.ly/1CyYydG.
Online retailers shouldn’t have to serve as tax collectors for politicians who don’t represent them! #NoNetTax
Some politicians want today to be the last #CyberMonday without nationwide Internet sales taxes!  Just say no — #NoNetTax!
What do you see when you put U.S. Environmental Protection Agency spending under the microscope? The #ScienceOfSplurging comes into focus Dec. 2
Congrats to Mary Rose Taylor of Hastings for being named one of America's top nurses.  Thank you for your commitment to caring for those in need.
Congrats to coach jake and uni Panthers for win ovr tough Richmond bb team 55/50
Lame duck sessions of Congress create a dangerous environment for bad legislation to be passed.  For this reason, I will fight to consider only legislation that has gone through a full process that is open and transparent to the American poeple.
I continued my statewide listening tour with a stop this morning in Anderson County at the Garnett Public Library. There, I met with area residents who expressed concern about the role and U.S. involvement in the United Nations. We also discussed the Keystone XL Pipeline, concerns about EPA overreach, government spending and veterans' issues. Thanks to the staff at the library for hosting this conversation.
Enroute to Garnett this morning, I stopped to visit with the Franklin County Commission. The conversation included a request for assistance with their development of a industrial park and questions about my congressional priorities.
The U.S. Coast Guard has come out with some tips to help winterize your vessel before the winter weather kicks in, potentially causing serious damage. They’re also working with some harbormasters to look out for Alaskan boat owners. Thanks for all you do, USCG!
Got our Christmas tree from the Boy Scouts yesterday- Duke and Chuck approved.
From the beginning of this controversy, Obama officials have used smoke and mirrors at every opportunity to evade blame. They have ducked and weaved to avoid anything that could possibly cast the administration in a bad light. They will continue to cover up. I will continue to seek the truth until those at the top of this two-year chain of deception are finally held accountable.  And yes Hillary, it still matters. http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/11/29/Benghazi-Report
Today is the deadline to submit public comments on the EPA’s overly burdensome proposal to regulate carbon emissions from existing power plants -- a proposal that will drive up Kansans’ utility bills while sacrificing the reliability of our nation’s electrical grid -- all while doing absolutely nothing to lower global temperatures.   Here’s the link to submit a comment: http://www2.epa.gov/carbon-pollution-standards/how-comment-clean-power-plan-proposed-rule
Thank you to the Overland Park Rotary Club for the chance to speak to members at lunch today.
This is why I continue to fight for the security of all Kansans, especially those stationed at our military installations, against the ill-conceived and short sighted desires of this President to move GITMO detainees to Kansas or anywhere else in the homeland. Not on my watch will this threat continue to grow against our men and women in uniform.
Senator Rubio marks World AIDS Day: http://1.usa.gov/12k5CKn  As we mark World AIDS Day, we are reminded that more than 35 million people around the world are living with HIV or AIDS. This is a disease that does not discriminate. It impacts the lives of people on all continents, of all races, and from all socioeconomic backgrounds.   However, today is also a reminder of the progress we've made in combatting this vicious disease. Due to advances in medical science over recent years, as well as the humanitarian commitment of the American people, there are millions of people receiving HIV medications and living longer, more productive lives that would otherwise be without hope.   Americans should feel proud of what we have achieved in combatting AIDS. Great credit goes to President George W. Bush for establishing the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), and Congress for continuing to fund it. But the battle is not finished. We’ve seen infection rates climb in recent years among certain demographics, including minority communities and young women.   Our goal in the 21st century is to have an AIDS-free generation.  To achieve this goal, we need to maintain a spirit of generosity and compassion, both as a nation and as individuals. With our personal efforts and with continued medical ingenuity, I believe we'll live to see AIDS eradicated from the face of the earth.
ICYMI: Rubio: Raise Ladders Of Opportunity
Fun visit to Blacksburg High in Cherokee County today!
Wicker Report | Less than three weeks after the midterm elections, President Obama addressed the nation with a new plan on immigration.  Rather than building bipartisan support in Congress and the nation for comprehensive immigration reform, he announced he would use sweeping executive action to grant legal status to nearly five million illegal immigrants.
