News Releases: The U.S. State Department has released a final environmental analysis of the proposed Keystone XL pipeline.  The report, like previous studies, shows that the pipeline would not cause a major expansion of production in the Canadian oil sands or contribute to increased greenhouse gas emissions.  The Keystone XL pipeline would be an economic boost, create jobs and will help reduce the U.S. reliance on foreign sources of oil, like those in the Middle East.  This pipeline, which has strong bipartisan support, has been delayed for far too long.  If the president is serious about an all-of-the-above energy strategy, as he indicated in his State of the Union Address earlier this week, he will approve this pipeline without further delay.  There are no more excuses.
Speaking with the Texas Medical Association at their Winter Conference today, I laid out an alternative approach to Obamacare for reforming our health care system that would truly bring down costs, protect the doctor-patient relationship, and boost access to quality health care.
Every single child in America deserves an opportunity. We want #SchoolChoice, and we want it now! #SCW
Who needs the Super Bowl when you have Weezer at the Phoenix Open
UNI wrestlers remain undefeated  I saw them beat SoDakSt 29/12.jJoey at133 remains undefeated too
Since PresObama is in hurry to use his pen I urge him to use it to get keystone pipeline constructed thus creating 20000 jobs
Thx Ben Owen for invite to UNI piano recital tonight Bach Beethoven Gershwin +2of his own arrangements Gr8 performance 1of2
Half time Uni Illinois st tied Volleyball
2of2 Ben Owen UNI piano recital  he thanks lots of ppl. But first thx "to his Heavenly Father" That tells u abt his fine characterProudFamly
2nd State Department study on the impact of the KeystoneXL pipeline project clearly shows this makes sense! Approval needed because we need JOBS now.
All of Kansas is pulling for Wichita State today. Let's go Shockers! Beat Evansville and get to 23-0!
Checkout the latest Roberts Report.  We talk about my reaction to the State of the Union, Benghazi, my bill to limit the federal governments intrusion into local education decisions, my opposition to the farm bill, and Kansas Day.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=583575f7-3bc7-4187-a9d3-81c0b5c02430&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
Senator Rubio Addresses Constituent Concerns About Obama’s Executive Overreaches: 1.usa.gov/1gAxVu5   Rubio: “This idea, that somehow your idea is so good, that it is somehow above the law and above the Constitution, is a very dangerous one. It not only violates the Constitution, it violates the very principles which have kept us a free and democratic country for so long.”
