As we honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., let us heed his call to serve and work together to build a better nation.
Remembering the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. today and grateful for his tireless work in pursuit of justice.
Firefighters from across Idaho participate in the Inaugural parade.
Photos from my seat at the 2013 Inaugural Ceremony
Idahoans attending the Presidential Inauguration today, remember to share your photos.
SENATOR COLLINS' STATEMENT ON INAUGURATION OF PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA  "America is known throughout the world for the vigor and passion of our presidential campaigns. We are admired throughout the world for our peaceful transitions when the campaigns end.  “I congratulate President Obama and Vice President Biden. We must move forward together with optimism, confidence, and a renewed spirit of bipartisanship to meet the many challenges that lie ahead."
"On the night before he was assassinated, Dr. King delivered his very last speech to striking sanitation workers in Memphis. He said this: 'Let us rise up tonight with a greater readiness. Let us stand with a greater determination. And let us move on in these powerful days, these days of challenge, to make America what it ought to be. We have an opportunity to make America a better nation.'   "These stirring words, uttered more than 40 years ago during a turbulent time in our history, serve today as a call to action for all Americans to work together to build a finer land, a more noble civilization, and a better nation."
NYT agrees: Congress should pass bi-partisan SAFER act ASAP
Freedom of Information lawsuits vs federal government have increased dramatically
Senator Corker made the following statement today regarding President Obama’s second inauguration, which falls on the same day the nation honors the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. “As we mark the beginning of President Obama’s second term and the start of the 113th Congress, my hope is that Dr. King’s legacy will inspire us to have the courage to take the steps we know are necessary to leave behind a better country for future generations.” http://1.usa.gov/Wazp21
Presidential Inauguration
Ceremony starting w sen schumer chair of comm speaking
Pres Obama now entering to loud cheers here and all way down mall
Jimmy and mrs carter now entering
Thank God not as cold as predicted two days ago
Supreme court now here
Cabinet now arriving
Pres Clinton and mrs Clinton entering
I last saw pres carter when he invited me speak to Baptist group in Atlanta few yrs ago. He looks good today
VP Biden now arriving
Too bad can't record memories of previous inaugurations as some of my colleagues discuss informally
Mall is filled thousands as far as u can see
My thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Cuaresma’s son, Silverio Cuaresma Jr., his friends and his entire family during this difficult time. As one of the WWII Mighty Five Nevadans, Mr. Cuaresma fought tirelessly to secure recognition for this nation’s nearly 24,000 Filipino WWII veterans. His service to this country remains an example of American heroism. We have a moral obligation to continue the fight to ensure that Filipino veterans, like Mr. Cuaresma, are honored for their sacrifices.
 http://1.usa.gov/Yja0WS
Today I join Americans across the country by gathering to witness the Inauguration ceremonies of the President and Vice President of the United States. On this day, we celebrate the strength of our democracy and recognize that Americans across the political spectrum stand united behind the ideals outlined in our Constitution.  As President Obama puts forward his vision for the next four years, we also pay tribute to the vision and life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Not only do we recognize Dr. King for his service, but we also remember him as both an inspirational leader and advocate of tolerance, peace, and equality. His vision for America stands as an example for us all and I join with everyone across this great nation in honoring his legacy. http://1.usa.gov/ULtCy7
Senator Kirk's Statement on President Obama's Inauguration
McConnell: ‘The President’s second term represents a fresh start when it comes to dealing with the great challenges of our day; particularly, the transcendent challenge of unsustainable federal spending and debt. Republicans are eager to work with the President on achieving this common goal, and we firmly believe that divided government provides the perfect opportunity to do so. Together, there is much we can achieve.’
McConnell: ‘Through his stirring words and fearless witness, Dr. Martin Luther King roused a nation to finish the work of its founding, and as long as the struggle for justice continues the legacy of Dr. King will endure.’
There is no justification for killing innocent people.  My deepest sympathies go out to the loved ones of the three Americans who were murdered by terrorists last week in Algeria.
As we celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr.'s life today, I am reflecting on his powerful words. His words and actions forever changed our nation for the better.  “The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.”
As we honor Dr. Martin Luther King today, I am reminded of one of his lesser-known quotes: It is “the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” We Alaskans know about being pushed to the limits and succeeding.  Our ambition and fortitude makes us the special state we are today.  Like Dr. King, I believe that life begins at the edge of our comfort zone; we should not back away from new challenges, we should see these opportunities as the cost of progress and improvement.
People as far as the eye can see.  It's awe-inspiring to see this many Americans and Alaskans coming together and filling our nation's capital for the festivities.
Fixed the picture, everyone. If you're looking for me from home, I'm down on the main level -- next to Sen. Bill Nelson and his safety orange hunting cap.
Last minute, we were able to get 50 unclaimed Mall & Union Sq tickets to students from North Bend, OH's Taylor HS in DC for the inaugural.  Stay warm guys!
Kris and I wanted our children to witness this celebration of our democracy.  We brought Patrick and Bridget to the west front of the Capitol Building to see history first hand.
The sight of our three branches of government gathered together today should remind us all that we are here to do the people’s work and that we have a responsibility to solve the challenges before us.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
