Sen. Alexander: Obamacare Unraveling   The senior Republican on the U.S. Senate health committee today released the following statement on the administration’s announcement that it would delay until 2015 the new health care law’s mandate that employers provide workers with health insurance:   U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) said: “This is Obamacare unraveling. This is the ‘train wreck’ that the Senator who wrote the health care law predicted was coming. Pushing the implementation of the employer mandate until after the 2014 election confirms the law was an historic mistake. It should be repealed and replaced with effective legislation that will reduce costs by involving patients in health care decision making. This delay will make a giant mess of the individual mandate because presumably individuals are still required to purchase insurance. ”http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=9da1b5b6-015b-46db-a8dc-1694defcb798&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658
Senator Ayotte and the New Hampshire congressional delegation will host the nation's top military officer on Monday at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard Base.
As I travel across the state, Missourians continue to express real concerns that President Obama's massive health care overhaul will hurt small businesses and stifle job creation. The Obama Administration's announcement today that it will delay the implementation of the ObamaCare employer mandate is a clear admission that this law is simply unworkable and costs too much. Now more than ever, it's clear we need to replace ObamaCare with common-sense solutions that provide Americans with access to quality and affordable health coverage - not a so-called "train wreck" that puts Washington bureaucrats between patients and their doctors.
Passing a stop-gap measure year after year is not a solution, especially for students and families. #StudentLoans 
 
 Our solution here: http://1.usa.gov/11eeX5p
Last night the administration announced that they are delaying implementation of the employer mandate in #Obamacare. The only delay that will really help the American people is a permanent one. #Trainwreck
Fidelity Investments found 70% of the class of 2013 is graduating with debt averaging $35,200 and 50% of them are surprised by the amount of debt they accumulated.  Click below to check out the "Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act" which provides a long-term fix for all #studentloans.
Interior Secretary Jewell withdrew controversial National Blueway designation for White River.
Senator Dan Coats (R-Ind.) released the following statement after the Obama administration announced it will delay the penalties for employers who do not provide health insurance coverage to workers, but that penalties on individuals not purchasing insurance would still apply:   “This news is evidence that even the Obama administration is realizing the coming train wreck of its own health care law,” said Coats. “While the administration has conveniently delayed this job-killing mandate on employers until after the 2014 elections, Obamacare remains an unwanted burden on Hoosier families and individuals. Rather than delay a bad policy, all Americans should be permanently exempted from Obamacare’s taxes and mandates. We need to repeal the deeply flawed health care law and replace it with step-by-step reforms that actually lower costs and put patients, not bureaucrats, in charge of their own health care decisions.”
News Release: The Administration’s decision to delay, by one year, the health care law mandate that forces employers to provide insurance or face a penalty is welcome news.  However, this decision only magnifies the concerns businesses, especially small business, have raised about their ability to comply with this unworkable, complicated law.  Americans overwhelmingly want solutions that deliver what they need—access to high-quality, affordable health care. This law threatens our country’s financial strength and the American way of life.  I will continue to work to repeal and replace this law that is bad for the American people.
Happy Birthday to the Gem State. #idpol #idaho #statehood
CBS News aired a very special story on the Freeport Flag Ladies.  Here it is in case you missed it.  http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=50150133n
Cornyn to Introduce Legislation To Improve Voting Process for Military and Overseas Voters:
Heidi and I wish everyone a safe and happy Fourth of July, and may God watch over those in harm's way defending our independence.
Hard to believe it's already been six months since swearing-in!   Honored for the chance to fight for Texas in the Senate.
Our economy is stuck and Americans are out of work. We can do better with a lot less burdensome regulation.  Please listen and SHARE our latest Freedom Minute:
President Ronald Reagan: “peace does not exist of its own will. It depends on us, on our courage to build it and guard it and pass it on to future generations.” My column this week stresses the importance of maintaining our country’s nuclear arsenal as an effective deterrent to emerging threats around the globe.
The decision to delay the implementation of Obamacare is driven by the 2014 elections.    Unfortunately, the negative effects Obamacare has on our economy cannot be postponed.  Simply delaying implementation does not undo its fundamental flaws.    Obamacare is, has been, and will remain a financial disaster for our nation.
Production, Supply, Price of ethanol are not affected by Morsi, Egypt or Suez.  Choose homegrown ethanol.
Audubon TM 29 ppl Topics: DoD Reg/Bibles, ExecOrders, Pipeline, Judges, ethanol, SS, debt, Student loans, Immigration,IRS,farm bill,Benghazi
Senate internships available, applications due July 15
Great meeting with leaders at Minot Air Force Base to inspect military construction projects underway on the base. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=65d619e9-58cd-4de4-bbad-bf2b70a532a9
NA
The American people deserve the same protection as businesses.  I am planning to introduce legislation when we get back in session next week to delay Obamacare for individuals too.
Today, I gave remarks at Dodge City Lions Club and it was great to see Lions Club Members as well as Dodge City Community College President Don Woodburn. Lions Clubs International is the world’s largest service club organization with 1.35 million members in more than 45,000 clubs, including more than 270 clubs in Kansas. In addition to its efforts to conquer blindness, the organization has made a strong commitment to community service, disaster relief, and helping youth in Kansas and throughout the world.
Yesterday, I stopped by Munds Terminal, a Hutchinson-based Groendyke Transport affiliate. Groendyke is the fifth-largest tank truck carrier in the United States, operating 34 terminals in 12 states. I enjoyed learning the ways Munds Terminal and Groendyke work hard to meet customers' needs while emphasizing safety. Thanks to John Prather for the invitation and to Terminal Manager Mark Munds for the informative tour.
In Macksville, Kansas, this morning I had the opportunity to catch up with numerous residents. They've almost wrapped up harvest, and it was better than expected. These Kansans shared concerns about their schools, housing, over regulation of community banks, and a general feeling that Washington doesn't care about rural America. I will continue to advocate for protecting and preserving rural communities and the special way of life in Kansas.
Yesterday, I joined Kansas State University and the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) in Salina at an agricultural flight demonstration to underscore the benefits and economic impact of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). As the aerospace industry grows and looks to take on new UAS ventures and industries, there is real potential for this platform to be used responsibly and safely in an industry already booming in Kansas: agriculture. The number of ways farmers and ranchers can utilize UAS are endless — from mapping the spread of disease or insects within a field to applying fertilizer to a specific area of crops — and I look forward to continued progress in this field.
While the Administration finally admitted that the employer mandate is unworkable in 2014, it now must recognize that the real problem continues to be the entire Affordable Care Act. Implementation of the ACA has not lowered costs or increased access as promised. Individuals, families and employers still face increasing health insurance costs, new taxes overseen by what we have recently learned is a politically-biased IRS, burdensome mandates, and massive uncertainty because of this flawed law. The best course of action is to dismantle the ACA and replace it with practical reforms that are workable and will actually reduce health care costs.
The Kachemak Bay Water Trail provides scenic, fun and educational experiences along the shores of Kachemak Bay.  I was honored to present them with a plaque today on behalf of the Dept. of the Interior that acknowledges the trail as part of America's Great Outdoor Initiative.  Anything that gets families outside and exploring our state is a great thing!
This is a wonderful story that I wanted to share with you as we head into Independence Day. Virginia Spreen in Wasilla has been wearing a Vietnam POW/MIA bracelet bearing the name of a pilot she never met for decades.  She’s about to be 90, and wanted to return the bracelet to his family.  Only she couldn’t find them.  That’s when my staff at my Anchorage office stepped in to help.  I hope that you take a few minutes to watch this video of Virginia’s phone call to the pilot’s sisters.  As we celebrate our nation’s freedom, please remember the families and the military men and woman who have given so much.  Read the entire story here: http://1.usa.gov/12GAzFC
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of George Irvin.  George had an amazing ability to bring together diverse voices within the Alaska Federation of Natives through his work across Alaska.  He was a very sweet man who I know will be missed.
The announcement that the White House is pushing the ‘pause button’ for a year on its signature achievement- the Affordable Care Act- comes as no surprise to me, given the looming expenses and taxes and unemployment numbers on the horizon.  The health care bill started out as a flawed bill that created more problems than it solved and turned into a ‘train wreck’ – and that’s according to one of the Senators that designed it.  What are the problems?  45,000 Alaskans are at risk of losing coverage, approximately half of all Alaskans are facing an extra tax on their health plans and ISER tells us that Alaska’s seniors will have even more difficulties in getting care.  While I have no doubt that our health care system needs to be improved, I have voted many times to repeal this bill because we must start over and find a comprehensive, bipartisan effort that addresses the nation’s rising health care costs.  A panel of Alaskans last fall joined me to say that while there are some valuable ideas baked into this bill for us to build upon – such as coverage for pre-existing conditions and college graduates under their parents’ plans – we’ve got to rethink our approach.  Those Alaskans are the small businesses that the Obama administration claims that they are listening to.  But if they listen even more clearly, they will realize that their ‘train wreck’ is going off the rails.  I welcome the one year delay, and I hope it opens a window to a better solution.
President Obama’s decision to delay the employer mandate of the health care law because it will be a burden on businesses and job creators is proof the plan is more onerous and complex than he claimed. Rather than delaying its implementation for businesses, this law should be repealed for everyone. Americans deserve access to affordable and quality health care that best suits their individual needs, and government has no business forcing individuals, families, and employers to enter into costly health care exchanges.
During a holiday week, the Obama Administration was forced to confirm, on a blog no less, what we have been saying all along - Obamacare is not ready and is not what was promised to Americans.  This latest delay of the business mandate, based on election year politics, is bound to ensure Americans will face yet more problems and higher costs across the health care spectrum. My full statement is below.
Rubio: ObamaCare Should Be Repealed, Not Simply Delayed: http://1.usa.gov/11Z2yRh  Rubio: "This is a remarkable acknowledgment by the Obama Administration that ObamaCare is a disaster in progress that will hurt job creators and those looking for work. The solution to ObamaCare is not to delay the day when the Internal Revenue Service comes after struggling American businesses who cannot afford to provide Washington mandated health coverage. The solution is to repeal it entirely."
July 3, 2013
NA
Thomas Jefferson drafts it in June. John Adams and Benjamin Franklin edit it. This day in Philadelphia in 1776, Congress revises it. And here's the final product:
About 2 p.m. July 3, 1863: Pickett's Charge begins. Almost 14,000 Confederates set out across 3/4 mile of open fields under heavy fire. The attack's failure ends the pivotal Battle of Gettysburg.
On the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg (day three), take a look at this fascinating interactive map. This is pretty cool:
My regional manager for Southwest PA, Katelyn King, congratulates Delmont native Alex Pasculle on being named to FEMA's National Youth Preparedness Council. Alex volunteers as a firefighter, Basic Life Support (BLS) instructor and Emergency Medical Technician (EMT). He is also involved in disaster relief and helped organize a fundraiser with Kids Helping Kids to raise money for Japanese tsunami victims. Congratulations Alex!
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, met with constituents at a Monroe County casework day in State Rep. Mario M. Scavello's Mount Pocono office. My staff holds casework events like these across the state to help you resolve issues with federal agencies and programs. Be sure to check your local paper for a casework day near you.
