NA
Having served with Mel, I know of his commitment to sustainable federal housing programs and am confident he will work hard to protect taxpayers from future exposure to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  I look forward to working with Rep. Watt in his new role to find new ways to facilitate more private sector involvement in the housing and mortgage markets.
According to some reports, the wait time for initial disability claims is almost a full year, and closer to two years in some parts of the country. In the last four years, the number of claims pending for over a year has grown by over 2000 percent, despite a 40 percent increase in the VA’s budget. This is an alarming stat that was referenced in a letter we sent to President Obama earlier this week that outlined our concerns and urged his “direct and public involvement” in this matter.  While the VA has received everything it has asked for in terms of more funding and more employees, it has only resulted in more delays for veterans. Other departments have been asked to do more with less, while the VA’s budget has continued to grow in recent years. Furthermore, the VA is not subjected to sequestration, like the majority of the federal government. This backlog needs to be alleviated.  Read more in the blog post below.
Honored to join Hoosier military commanders for a roundtable discussion on Indiana’s current and future role in America’s national defense
The Idaho Congressional Delegation is calling for “strong public input” next week as the U.S. Bureau of Land Management opens the public comment period on the agency’s final Environmental Impact Statement on the Gateway West Power Project.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I want the President to become directly involved in solving the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) backlog affecting more than 600,000 veterans.  The problem has been exacerbated by an increasing number of service members returning home from operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.  I have seen the excitement and relief when a solider comes home, and we cannot let their needs become mired in a growing backlog of service and treatment.  With the average Idaho veteran waiting almost a year for a claim, this problem must be fixed now.
A fee to cross the border between Maine and Canada?  Senator Collins says this is a "bad idea that should be abandoned."  Listen to her interview on Maine Public Radio.
DMN: In Dallas Cornyn Touts Bill to Protect Judges, Prosecutors, and Law Enforcers:
Senator Corker made the following statement regarding reports that President Obama will today nominate U.S. Congressman Mel Watt, D-N.C., to lead the Federal Housing Finance Agency. "I could not be more disappointed in this nomination. This gives new meaning to the adage that the fox is guarding the hen house,” said Corker. “The debate around his nomination will illuminate for all Americans why Fannie and Freddie failed so miserably. Before any nominee should be considered for this post, regardless of their qualifications, the administration should explicitly lay out how they will unwind these entities.”
Great to sit down with small business owners this afternoon in San Antonio to hear how we can better unleash the private sector.
In my short tenure, my focus has been -- and will remain -- on two things:  fighting for conservative principles in the Senate, and working to help elect strong conservatives to win a majority in the Senate in 2014.  The Senate is the battlefield to defend liberty.    I was elected because thousands of grassroots conservatives came together to protect the Constitution, shrink the federal government, and promote growth and opportunity.  It is a continued source of amazement that the simple fact that I am working hard with like-minded Senators to keep my promise is seen as newsworthy and cause for wild speculation.
Senator Fischer visits with constituents, small businesses, and colleges in communities across Southeast Nebraska, including Nebraska City, Peru, Auburn, Falls City, Beatrice, and Crete.
We're having a good tour of southeast Nebraska during this Senate recess. We've visited the vibrant communities of Nebraska City, Auburn and Falls City the last 2 days and had the opportunity to see the many businesses and facilities that make these towns so great! Today we're in Beatrice and Crete. Nebraska's hardworking and innovative people make our state a wonderful place to live and work.
EPA trying for 2nd time to clawback farmers personal info it released to environ activists. Xposure= accountability. EPA put farmers at risk
Grassley urges Administration to consider formal protest of European Commission action against U.S. ethanol exports
“The people of Fargo-Moorhead have been vigilant in their flood preparations again this year. In four of the last five years, we’ve battled flood waters in this region, making it clear that we need to move forward with permanent flood protections. We’ve worked hard to get authorization for permanent flood protection through the committee process and to get Senate leadership to bring it to the Senate floor. Next week the full Senate will take up authorization for the diversion project.”
I was happy to talk to a great group of hardworking Wisconsinites at N.E.W. Industries this afternoon.
Thank you to Therma-Tron-X for hosting me today!
It's time for the Senate to hold new hearings on Benghazi.
Thank you to St. Norbert College for letting me join you today!  I enjoyed our discussion.
I am looking forward to joining Jerry Bader in-studio today at 10:00 am CT. Be sure to tune in!
Tomorrow I have the honor of joining in a tribute to one of Wisconsin's finest at the dedication of the Captain Rhett W. Schiller Post Office in Waterford.
Late last week, I attended and gave remarks at the Kansas State Association of Letter Carriers Annual Convention in Lawrence. It was a great opportunity to speak at the convention once again, and we discussed the future of the U.S. Postal Service (USPS). The USPS is facing annual deficits that will continue until Congress approves reform legislation, which has been delayed for far too long. Smart reforms are needed to prevent the Postal Service from becoming a future burden on the U.S. taxpayer and to provide increased business certainty to the $1 trillion mailing industry.
This morning, I enjoyed visiting with a government class of Paola High School Seniors. We discussed what was special to them about attending Paola High and what inspired my interest in history and government.  I look forward to giving the commencement address for these seniors later this month.
Congratulations to the 190th Air Refueling Wing - Kansas Air National Guard for being selected to receive the 2013 Air National Guard Senior Master Sgt. Kenneth W. Disney Food Service Excellence Award. In 2000, the Air National Guard founded the Disney Award to promote excellence in guest service and meal quality as well as to inspire high morale, motivation, mission support and a professional image through pride and spirited competition.
In Alaska we have more energy potential than perhaps anywhere else -- but we face staggering costs to heat our homes and gas up our cars and trucks.  Here at the Alaska Rural Energy Conference we're talking about all the good energy projects happening around our state, and of course, the need for much more work to be done to bring affordable energy to all of Alaska.
I want to extend my deepest condolences to DeeDee and her family today.  Ken was an amazing man and I am truly fortunate to have counted him as a friend.
I just saw the best play at Inlet View Elementary School in Anchorage!  Let me tell you, these 2nd graders know how to act and their play is all about the high seas -- perfect timing with the USS Anchorage in town!
Here at the Food Bank of Alaska, they have food ready and waiting to go out to help Alaskan families.  Unfortunately, donations are flat while the need of our families is on the rise.  Find out more about their vital work here: http://www.foodbankofalaska.org/
I sent a letter today to the VA Secretary expressing my concerns on the backlog claims standing in the way of veterans care & problems with the program to address it.
Jane had the opportunity to visit UH Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital today in Cleveland. Here she is with Dr. Jonathan Fanaroff in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit talking about their innovative care.
Seeing Sherwin-Williams Breen Technology Center in Cleveland firsthand after a manufacturing roundtable talking about jobs, the need for workforce development, tax reform and other policies to create an environment for job creation.
Sat down with Rear Admiral Mike Parks to discuss the future of operations of the Coast Guard's 9th District & our Great Lakes. It was a great opportunity to thank USCG men and women keeping us safe on Lake Erie this summer.
Nice for Jane and I to reconnect with our friends Bishop Larry Macon and First Lady Marilyn on the lake for lunch today.
ICYMI: Rubio & Hannity Agree That Broken Immigration System Is Bad For America: http://1.usa.gov/12Xz4lh
Getting Immigration Reform Right: Rubio Discusses Waivers On The Hugh Hewitt Show: http://1.usa.gov/15ZRlSY
For those following the immigration debate, you will definitely want to catch the interview Sen. Sessions did today with Howie Carr. You can listen here:
NA
Happy to welcome House Transportation Committee Chairman Bill Shuster to Charleston today to talk about ports!
February 1, 2013
February 1, 2013
January 18, 2013
January 18, 2013
January 17, 2013
January 13, 2013
January 3, 2013
