Happy #MothersDay, everyone.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there. Hope you are enjoying your special day.
Mom.  The most beautiful word in the English language.  For most of us, the very first words out of our mouths as infants.  "MaMa."    When actors or athletes win awards (like Kevin Durant just this week), their most passionate thank you is always to Mom.  As a child, Mom can cure everything.  There is no safer place than in your mother's arms.    My Mom, Eleanor Darragh, is a woman of incredible strength, independence, and compassion.  She fought her father, a difficult man who didn't believe women should be educated, to become the first person in her family to get a college education.  She stood up to him, and graduated from Rice in 1956 with a degree in math.  She went to work at Shell as a computer programmer in the 1950s, blazing an independent path.  Every day, she has been there for me.  She's been a best friend all my life.  She's peaceful, loving, and never judgmental.  She's a prayer warrior, lifting us up every single day.  And she loves unconditionally.    No image makes me happier than seeing our girls Caroline and Catherine leaping through the air to land in her lap.  Pure joy, for them and her (and me!).  I love you Mom.  And, of course, my radiant wife Heidi, who's Mom to our precious girls.  My Angel.  Heidi is amazing.  She's beautiful, brilliant, passionate, and always unbelievably supportive, no matter how challenging the road we're on.  As I wrote to her in her card this morning, "I need you.  Like Air.  I cannot breathe without you."  Caroline and Catherine adore their Mommy.  Sure, Dad's ok, but he doesn't hold a candle to Mom, who is, bar none, their very best friend.  Today, all of us celebrate the women in our lives who make us who we are.  Today, we celebrate the love that is like oxygen.  Today, all of us say thank you Mom.  We love you.  Ted.
Praying for all Nebraskans in the storms' pathways this evening. Stay safe and please follow all local warnings. #GodBless
For many years my Mom dutifully drove me to piano lessons. She was also there when I gave my very first speech at a 4-H competition when I was about 8 years old. Well, I didn't become a classical pianist, but Mom still remembers that speech was "About Eggs" and I am so grateful that she was watching my first speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I love you.
Here is my mom’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors  Happy Mother’s Day! Thank you to all #BattleBorn mom’s for your tireless efforts and for all you do. #MothersDay
Moms- Thank you for your grace, your patience, and your unfailing love. You are truly an inspiration to your children. Even if your kids are grown and have a family of their own, you will always be their source of comfort during their struggles and of pride during their successes.   A single day of appreciation will never repay the love and attention you give to your family, but know that not a day goes by that we do not think of you. You have given us life and to that we can credit all of humanity. Today we acknowledge and honor you; but every day we give thanks for you. Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day!
None of us would be where we are today without our moms.  Happy #MothersDay! Send this to your mom to show her how much you care.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms! There is nothing better than being a mom. The love, the hugs, the tears, the pride as you watch your children grow. I miss the days when Mothers Day began with a card made from construction paper, crayons and lots of glitter. I still have picture frames made from popsicle sticks and glued macaroni noodles, bumpy little clay dishes hold earrings on my dresser, and artwork from kindergarten hangs throughout our house. But there is no gift greater than that of your children themselves. The simple words "love you Mom" can carry me for days. Verne and I are blessed with two wonderful boys (now men) and we celebrate them every day. My morning started with a wake up call from Nic to wish me a happy day.  He's packing up his truck and moving from Boulder to Seattle today. Matt just finished his final exams in Gunnison and will be heading north to work the salmon fisheries for his 4th season. Verne and I are spending a sunny day in Girdwood scouting for fiddleheads, biking or maybe hiking.  Salmon on the bbq tonight with my sisters/cousins as we enjoy our special day as moms. Off to work in DC tomorrow. Life is good as we are blessed with an abundance of love. Share your love with your mom today!
I was on the same Anchorage flight to Fairbanks yesterday with our Interior veterans who were part of the Honor Flight. The flight on Alaska Airlines took us over and around Denali where we got a crystal clear view. Magnificent! What a treat for our veterans and the rest of us on the plane.
Anchorage residents gave the Last Frontier Honor Flight a hero's welcome when veterans from southcentral Alaska landed at Ted Stevens International Airport earlier today, too!
Wishing every mom a very Happy Mother's Day. This photograph was taken on Capitol Hill on the day of my first swearing in to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1993. My sweet mom had just said the prayer at my swearing-in. We lost her to cancer the next year.
Senator Rubio wishes all the mothers in Florida, across the nation and serving overseas a Happy Mothers Day: http://1.usa.gov/1l7aJ2U  In honor of Mother’s Day, I’d like to thank all the mothers in Florida, across the nation and serving overseas for their hard work and sacrifices to give our children a chance at a better future. A mother’s duties do not end at five o’clock. She does not receive a paycheck for her time, nor get holidays off. A mother’s job is constant. But in return, her compensation is found in the love of her family and the happiness of her children.   It takes a special person to be a mother — selflessly putting the needs of her children before her own, unconditionally supporting and loving them, and oftentimes serving as the voice of reason — because let’s face it, mothers really do know best.   Growing up, my mom taught me many lessons in life, and she continues to do so today. She taught me that my potential was unlimited, and that through hard work and an education I could achieve whatever I wanted to — including my own version of the American Dream. She taught me the values of family, tradition and kindness. And I am blessed to see my wife instilling those same qualities in our four children.   I would especially like to wish a happy Mother’s Day to all the mothers serving overseas. We thank you for your selfless service to both your country and your children, and we appreciate your sacrifice. We also celebrate military moms, the wives of service men keeping their military families together, and the moms of our service members whose sons and daughters risk their lives so that we can continue to live freely and safely. Your strength is inspiring to us all, and I wish you a peaceful and fulfilling day.   While we set aside one day each year to honor our mothers, we must remember to thank them not just today, but every day. From first steps and first days of school, to graduation days and wedding days, their love has guided us to life’s many celebrations and through its many obstacles. In return, we aim to be the sons and daughters they worked so hard to raise, using the values they have instilled in us to navigate life.   To all the mothers whose love has resulted in generations of men and women filled with principle and promise, Happy Mother’s Day. 
My mom is one of the most hardworking, generous, incredible people I have ever known, and I am grateful every day for her. Happy Mother's Day to her and all the moms out there who do so much for their families!
I wish all the moms out there, including my own and my wife, a great (and restful) Mother's Day!
