Congrats to Boise State on making the play-in game in the west region. Go Broncos beat La Salle! Are you excited for March Madness?
Wishing everyone a happy St. Patrick's Day!
How Obamacare changed your taxes
Happy St. Patrick's Day
Worldwide Threat Assessment of the US Intelligence Community by Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence
In an appearance today on Fox News Sunday, Senator Corker told host Chris Wallace that the country will know President Obama is serious about getting our fiscal house in order when the president "begins to say publicly to the American people... that he understands that Americans are only paying a third of the costs of Medicare, and that has to change for the program to be here down the road." Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, also applauded U.S. placement of missile interceptors in Alaska following recent North Korean nuclear and missile tests but urged the Obama administration to also locate missile defense capabilities on the East Coast to guard against threats from inter-continental ballistic missiles (ICBMs). He also questioned the administration's decision to cancel a portion of the European-based missile defense system originally agreed to as part of Senate negotiations over the New START treaty with Russia. Watch here: http://youtu.be/lvk0xYG4eDM.
In Case You Missed It: Several industry leaders praised the “Jumpstart GSE Reform Act” as a step in the right direction this week, including President and CEO of the Mortgage Bankers Association David H. Stevens. “‘The Jumpstart GSE Reform Act is yet another clear example of the need for substantive GSE reform. U.S. Senators Bob Corker, R-Tenn., Mark Warner, D-Va., David Vitter, R-La., and Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass, are to be commended for introducing this piece of legislation and spearheading a transparent, complete discussion about the future of GSEs and the government’s role in the housing markets… It is imperative that Congress as well as the White House and key members of the housing community come together to create a comprehensive, transparent process that properly addresses the concerns and objectives of all affected stakeholders involved with GSE reform. Without this all inclusive, broad approach, uncertainty will continue and the housing market will be unable to fully rebound.’” Read more: http://bit.ly/Z7ynUB.
Senator Corker agrees with Navy Admiral James Stavridis’s remarks on the need for NATO allies to meet their commitments on defense spending. All North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies have agreed to allocate two percent of their gross domestic products on defense spending, but few currently meet that level of investment. "I commend Admiral Stavridis for stating the view shared by many Americans: our NATO allies are not carrying their weight, forcing American service members and taxpayers to bear the heaviest burden in NATO-led missions. This current arrangement where only three of the 28 nations meet their commitment to invest two percent of their economies on defense cannot continue," Corker said. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/ZGsT0O.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Corker is on “Fox News Sunday” from Chattanooga. Local listings: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on “Fox News Sunday” this morning to discuss the budget battle on Capitol Hill and other news of the week. See below to find out on what station and at what time the program airs in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Appearing on America's News Headquarters with Shannon Bream between 11 AM and 12 PM CT on Fox News today. Hope you'll tune in.
Whether u think it rite or not abt Iraq war read WallStJ oped by ProfKnott Mar16 abt all the bipartisan fear of Saddam and vote for war
NA
Kris and I, and our children Bridget, Patrick and Duncan wish everyone a Happy Saint Patrick's Day.
