"ALL that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing."  Edmund Burke
Prayers this Sunday for Syria's beleaguered Christians:
Congress is failing in its job when it doesn't resist against the President usurping power. #MakeDCListen
UNI men ovr drake 76/66
UNI men ovr drake 38/34 half
Tune in to FOX News Sunday this morning. I'll be talking in the last segment about President Obama's foreign policy and how he has handled the war in Iraq. Oklahomans can tune in here:   KOKH-TV in Oklahoma City at 9AM Central FOX News Channel at 8AM Central KOKI-TV in Tulsa at 10AM Central FOX News Channel at 1PM Central (replay) FOX News Channel at 5PM Central (replay)
The government continues to spend tax dollars on the new health care law's problematic implementation, but the Obama administration refuses to provide a true account of how money is being spent or how the website is performing. Given their previous misrepresentations about the Affordable Care Act and its implementation, I am extremely concerned about the security of Americans’ personal information in the Exchanges. To help address this, I've sponsored two bills that would increase transparency surrounding Obamacare’s implementation and help address the serious privacy and data security concerns.  The Exchange Information Disclosure Act (S. 1590) would require the Obama Administration to disclose detailed information about the performance of the new government health insurance Exchange website, HealthCare.Gov.    The Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act (S. 1902), would increase the Administration’s responsibility for safeguarding personal information of Exchange users in response to growing security concerns about the website.   These Senate bills aim to protect Americans and provide more transparency to the public. Yesterday, the House of Representatives passed its own version of (S. 1902) with broad bipartisan support. I will report back to you on how these bill progress in the Senate.
Welcome home to the Ohio National Guard's 220th Engineering and Installation Squadron after deployment in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Thank you for your service.
Go Shockers! Let's keep the undefeated streak going. #watchus
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Opportunity Equality On “Face The Nation”: http://1.usa.gov/1ahAQjh  Rubio: “I think we have failed to take the next step, which is to help people trapped with inequality of opportunity to have the opportunities to build for themselves a better life. And that’s what I hope we’ll be able to accomplish.”
I have lived a family's journey from cotton to Congress.   Success is created in studio apartments and garages, at kitchen tables, and in classrooms across the nation - not in government conference rooms in Washington.  Read more in my column this weekend regarding my opportunity agenda: http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20140111/PC1002/140119879/1021/reduce-poverty-with-a-new-agenda-of-opportunity 
Don't miss my column in the Post and Courier this weekend on the launch of our agenda!
 
 http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20140111/PC1002/140119879/1021/reduce-poverty-with-a-new-agenda-of-opportunity
