A new Congress means getting back to the way legislation is supposed to work and addressing the challenges that Americans want their government to work on. What do you want to see the new Congress take on?
Joined Mark Reardon on KMOX to talk about the new Senate Majority and GOP priorities. Watch our discussion here and tell me what you think Congress should focus on.
NA
My staff had the opportunity to tour the Mobile Vet Center (MVC) in Wendell. Thanks to Dan Ashley (MSW, GWOT) for sharing information about the various free counseling options offered to veterans at MVCs (there are over 300 nationwide) and the effort their program is making to reach veterans in rural communities. #idpol
NA
Sen. Cornyn Op-Ed in Amarillo Globe News: Texas agriculture will thrive
We intend to use all procedural means necessary to force the Senate to act to #StopObamasAmnesty!
Don’t forget, today is the last day to apply for a spring internship in my office in Washington, D.C. As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Click the link below to apply.
Happy to get a first-hand look at the good work being done at the Advanced Surgery Center in Omaha. Thanks to Maggie Summerfelt and others who gave me a tour and an update on their work to keep Nebraskans healthy.
I now declare I'm not a"Virtucrat"  Read J Epstein op ed WStJournal Nov5 to decide what u r or are not
Pres Obama wants to immigration by ExecOrder. That wld be unconstitutional Does he think Constitution Writers wanted a King
Pres obama wants to do immigration by exec order. Shld read history abt Geo III and setting up 3 branches of govt
Good to be in Dickinson today for the formal blessing of the new St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Facility. St. Joseph’s new hospital and medical office building will provide the people of Dickinson and the surrounding communities with health care services they need in a state-of-the-art facility. This new medical facility is part of our efforts to maintain the high quality of life that the people of North Dakota expect.   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=ffe9eeb4-ab91-4227-9997-60d35bc474f3
#TBT to March 1996 and a meeting in my Washington, D.C. office with leaders from the Five Civilized Tribes. Let us honor #NationalAmericanIndianHeritageMonth and the men and women who maintain the honor and integrity of what it means to be an American Indian.
Sen. Johnson will be on Fox & Friends Friday morning at 6:15 a.m. CT to discuss the majority the GOP won in the Senate. Be sure to tune in!
"This seems like just the right way to think about the opportunities and the challenges Republicans will have in the wake of this election." #AmericaSpoke
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Jayrene B. Nielsen. This is a photo of her father Willard J. Barney. He served in the Army in World War II. I am deeply grateful for heroes like Willard who have selflessly served this great country.
As a frequent critic of my party’s strategic timidity—and as incoming chairman of the Senate Steering Committee, whose job it is encourage bolder thinking and action—I thought it incumbent on me to offer some concrete, early, and hopefully constructive suggestions about how the new Republican Congress might be steered toward unity and success.  As the reader will see, the ideas below are not really policy goals. (I have my own ideas about what our party’s reform agenda ought to be, and I will spend most of the next two years advocating them.)  Rather, these are five suggestions to my Republican colleagues to help repair the dysfunctional legislative branch we have inherited, rebuild Congress’s reputation among the American people, and by extension slowly restore the public’s confidence in the Republican Party.   What do you think Republicans should prioritize in Congress? #AmericaSpoke
Senator McConnell's op-ed in today's Wall Street Journal.
The veterans listening session I held in Wasilla in July was a tremendous opportunity to listen first-hand to the challenges too many of you are dealing with.  That’s why I’m glad the Alaska VA is holding listening sessions in a number of different Alaska locations next week to get face-to-face updates and gauge what steps need to be taken to ensure our state’s veterans receive the level of healthcare they deserve. If you have any questions, concerns, or stories for the VA, please consider attending one of their meetings.  ANCHORAGE November 10th, 5-6:30 p.m. at the Alaska VA Muldoon Clinic Conference Center, 1201 North Muldoon Road  SOLDOTNA November 12th, 5-6:30 p.m. at the Kenai River Center, 514 Funny River Road  WASILLA November 13th, 5-6:30 p.m. at the Curtis D. Menard Memorial Sports Center, 1001 S. Mack Drive  JUNEAU November 18th, 6:30-8 p.m. at the Mendenhall Library, 9105 Mendenhall Mall Road #134  FAIRBANKS November 20th, 5-6:30 p.m. at the Noel Wien Library, 1215 Cowles Street
So great that Leah Still can come to the game tonight - way to go Bengals for sending jersey money to Cincinnati Children's Hospital. #whodey
During Official Visit To Colombia, Rubio Discusses Future Of U.S.-Colombian Relations: http://1.usa.gov/1ArNIoS  While on an official visit to Colombia, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) met with key leaders to discuss the future of U.S.-Colombian relations. During his first day in Colombia, Rubio met with Colombian Vice President Germán Vargas Lleras, Minister of Finance Mauricio Cardenas, former Colombian President Álvaro Uribe, and members of the Renacer Foundation - a non-profit organization to fight human trafficking.
NA
Enjoyed going on Morning Joe this morning to discuss ways to increase opportunity for Americans!
Thank you all for the kind words this week, it truly is an amazing opportunity to be able to serve the state of South Carolina and our nation.
Congratulations to Pittsburgh International Airport Air Reserve Station on receiving the Commander-in-Chief's Annual Award for Installation Excellence! They have demonstrated innovative progress in successful installation operations. So proud to represent Pennsylvanians who work hard every day to keep us safe!
Today, 1st Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing was posthumously awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Gettysburg. He commanded over 100 men and six cannons while defending Cemetery Ridge.
