I really enjoyed stopping by the National WWI Memorial in Kansas City yesterday to discuss my role on the Armed Services Committee and major issues facing the 113th Congress.
Any weapon can cause great damage if it’s in the hands of the wrong person. We must work to improve mental health policies to prevent acts of violence and continue to protect law-abiding Americans’ Second Amendment rights.
I stopped by the KFSM studios to visit with anchor Darren Bobb about the importance of General Welsh's visit to the 188th and the vital role the community has played in our efforts to protect the unit's mission.
We are looking forward to welcoming General Welsh to Fort Smith & showing him the great work of 188th. It's great to see the community support here.
This week's column is on how we are working to reduce the number of unemployed veterans in our nation.
NEWS RELEASE: I joined Senator Jim Risch and Congressman Mike Simpson in a letter to the Department of Agriculture urging them to update their nutrition guides to reflect the value of Greek yogurt.  Greek yogurt has twice the protein and more calcium than regular yogurt, and is low in fat.  Chobani Yogurt opened the largest Greek yogurt plant in Twin Falls in December.  These updates we are asking for will only benefit the Idaho job market and dairy farms.
Three credit rating agencies have called on Congress to avoid default, but they also warn that if Congress does not enact significant deficit reduction measures, the U.S. credit rating would still remain in jeopardy.
Sen. Collins presents Steven Andrews, a Vietnam veteran from Harrison, with the Purple Heart that he earned in 1967 but never received.  It was a fantastic ceremony at the Ronald G. St. John VFW Post.  It was nice to see so many great folks!
Cornyn Calls on Obama to Submit Debt Ceiling Request
Fitch Ratings has already declared that we are likely to be downgraded later this year unless Congress passes “an agreed and credible medium-term deficit reduction plan that would be consistent with sustaining the economic recovery and restoring confidence in the long-run sustainability of U.S. public finances.”
PHOTO: At Houston roundtable with Ted Cruz exploring ways we can preserve Social Security:
Looking forward to having Ted Cruz join me in Houston today to explore ways we can preserve SS:
Talking with Joe Pags on AM950 in Hous at 8:45am about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, listen here:
Talking with Trey Ware on KTSA at 8:33am about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, listen here:
Great to join Senator John Cornyn and community leaders to learn more about the Galveston Plan — an alternative to Social Security that has provided greater benefits for its participants.
A tremendous honor to have a chance to visit with the men and women putting their lives on the line to defend our freedom.
#99countymeetings IBM in DBQ. 33 employees forQ&A. immigration incl H1B,Iowa’s image,STEMinschools,infrastructure$,jobsfor ex-service people
#99countymeetings LorasCollege Q&A w/51 students. Natl Debt,FarmBill,ClimateChange,NObudget in Senate,GulfofMexico,Pipeline,FDAdoingits job?
#99countymeetings  MaquoketaValleyHS 177students/others. Guns,FiscalCliff,DebtCeiling,FarmBill,ObamaCare ,drug testing, SocSec,UNTre aty
Signing statement raises concerns for whistleblowers
West Virginia was 18 pts behind at a time  W lots of 3pters they tied w 1min left IowaSt won w layup 2sec left  go cyclones!!
Had a great time at Exotics Racing in Las Vegas today. Thanks Romain Thievin and David Perisset.
Congratulations to Nevada Teacher of Year Adam Whatley.
The president doesn't want to discuss spending reform in association with the debt ceiling.  The budgets he introduces don't make any effort to reform spending, and they get 0 votes.  The Senate Democrats have completely given up on proposing and debating budgets through the normal deliberative processes of the Senate.  The mathematical reality of our fiscal situation is that we will have this debate to reform government spending at some point in the near future.  It would be less destructive to our economy and less catastrophic to those who rely on government services to have this debate now.
Yesterday I called on Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to advocate for the release of jailed American pastor Saeed Abedini. Saeed is an American citizen who was arrested last summer in Iran and detained because of his Christian faith. His trial is set for January 21.  No person should be detained, tortured or face execution for their religious beliefs. Iran’s treatment of Pastor Saeed is another example of the Iranian government’s disregard for fundamental human rights and religious freedom.
Alaskans have mourned with all Americans at the tragic, senseless deaths in recent years but we do not believe those emotions should cloud our resolve to protect our Constitutional right to bear arms.  I have spoken with gun owners, shopkeepers and hunters in Alaska in recent weeks and share their concerns that the rights and opinions of responsible citizens are not being fully respected in this conversation.  Today's announcement from the President, and his directions to Congress, further feed those concerns.   Alaska has shared the pain experienced by people of Newtown, Columbine, and other communities around the country.  We suffered a tragic school shooting in Bethel in 1997.  So while I appreciate the President's input in the name of school safety, I want Alaskans to know this needs to be a far wider discussion, and Congress is the rightful place for laws to be debated fully and crafted.  Where there are improvements to make or safeguards to add to our laws -- including safety in public places, mental health care improvements and addressing violent entertainment -- I am ready to work with my Congressional colleagues to protect both Alaskans and our Constitution.
My op-ed on tax reform is on Politico this morning:  Politico Don't give up on tax reform By Sen. Rob Portman, January 17, 2013  Some observers were quick to conclude that the New Year’s Eve fiscal cliff agreement “killed” tax reform for 2013. It’s certainly true that President Obama’s insistence on a tax rate hike as the price for preventing trillions of dollars in tax increases on all Americans was a huge missed opportunity. But reports of the death of tax reform are greatly exaggerated. As a new member of the Senate Finance Committee, I am confident that an overhaul of our broken tax system remains not only doable but essential for job creation and economic growth.  For all its defects, the fiscal cliff agreement actually made tax reform easier to achieve by making tax rates permanent. Since 2001, taxes on everything from salaries and small business income to investment earnings and gifts have been temporary — a source of economic uncertainty and perennial fiscal fights. New permanent rates create a clear starting point for tax reform and end disputes over the baseline that have vexed past reform attempts.  Nor did the agreement in any way blunt the momentum for tax reform. There is a broad and growing consensus that our tax system is plagued by excessively high rates on business and labor income, a complex maze of tax preferences, and an outdated approach to American businesses competing for customers abroad. The cliff deal did nothing to solve those problems and in some areas worsened them. The pressure for tax reform is strong as ever.  But far more important than why tax reform can happen this year is why it should happen: our tax code has become an obstacle to growth, and only a robust, growing economy can create the new jobs (and future tax revenues) that we need.  ...  Read more of my op-ed here: http://politi.co/13GHD3W
ICYMI: Hannity Hails Rubio’s Immigration Proposal as “Most Thoughtful” Yet: http://1.usa.gov/13JpmDl
Senator Marco Rubio Discusses Immigration Vision On “The O’Reilly Factor”: Transcript: http://1.usa.gov/S5QERx
Sen. Sessions addressed gun control proposals in an interview in Birmingham yesterday: "I just don't see how you can constitutionally or rationally expect semiautomatic weapons to go away and I'm not going to be supportive… There is a strong movement by a significant number of people, a minority, that really don't like guns… They grew up in the city, they never hunted. They're not familiar with guns. They see guns as very dangerous things. They don't want them around. If it was up to them we wouldn't have guns period."
Sen. Sessions will be appearing on FOX 10 and CBS 5 Mobile tonight during their evening newscasts.
Sessions will be appearing on NBC 15 Mobile for a live in-studio interview at 6:15 p.m. CT.
"Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle." Happy birthday to Pennsylvania inventor, diplomat and founding father Ben Franklin.
My thoughts and prayers are with the 7 Americans and many others held hostage in Algeria.
Happy birthday to First Lady Michelle Obama.
