NA
Not performing as promised
Will join Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday to discuss what comes next in the fight to #DefundObamacare. Hope you'll find your local airtime, tune in, and encourage your friends to do the same! http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/fox-news-sunday/blog/2009/07/31/fns-local-air-times
The House vote to fund government without funding Obamacare was a victory for the American people.   Senate Republicans should now unify to #DefundObamacare.
Watch IowaPublicTV noon Sunday my intrvu"IowaPress" for my view on  CongressIssues Don't let 30 sec abt my run in 2016 detract u fr bigIssue
ElSalvador shld not qualify for $277m of MilleniumChallengeCorp grant b/c the leftist govt doesn't respect rule of law which grant promotes
As a 36-year Lions Club Member, it was an honor to speak at the USA/Canada Lions Leadership Forum in Overland Park, Kansas, this afternoon. Here, I'm pictured with L. Blaine Rush, a past International Director and Smith Center Lions Club Member. With more than 1.3 million members participating in more than 45,000 clubs across the globe, Lions Clubs International has been making a difference since 1917. Kansas has more than 270 clubs with members who make a positive and noticeable contribution to the special way of life we enjoy in our Kansas communities.
Today I visited Dr. Chapman Rackaway’s Fort Hays State University (FHSU) American Government class. During my visit, the students and I discussed a variety of issues facing our nation including our country’s struggling economy. Thanks to Dr. Rackaway and FHSU Political Science Department Chair Dr. Shala Mills for the opportunity.
Sen. Sessions: "At a time when we should be focused on helping American workers, making America more competitive in the global economy, and solving our debt crisis, this Administration is focused on restricting American energy sources and driving up prices."
Spoke in Columbia today about the dangers of Common Core and how we need to make sure decisions about our kids' education are made close to home - not by bureaucrats in Washington.
