Are you following me on Instagram? Check out photos and videos from my week. 
Sen. Collins is delivering the keynote address this morning at the 44th commencement ceremony at Kennebec Valley Community College. Congratulations to all!
IRS scandal: Day 372
'God grants liberty only to those who love it and are always ready to guard and defend it.'-Daniel Webster
This Armed Forces Day, and every day, we as a country are so grateful for the service of the men and women who wear the uniform. They are the reason that we are free today.  May God bless our Armed Forces, may God bless you, and may God continue to bless the United States of America.
Another wkend UNI butiful campus Now MS Charity walkathon Diane Zabel of Sumner invited me She determine to walk w cane she told me BravoDI
Here is Bob’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Congratulations to all #Nevada 2014 graduates. #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada #ClassOf2014
Today we thank those who serve in harms way and make the ultimate sacrifice for our freedoms. These men and women in uniform deserve our thanks not just today but every day for their dedication and service to our nation.
Obama's health-care sign-up triumph? Sorry, 74% already had coverage. So much pointless disruption. http://t.co/gYSfWImpEz
Like the doctor you chose? Better get over her, New York Times reports.  http://t.co/KtOe7xCO7s
A billion dollars or so flushed down the websites of state Obamacare "exchanges" that failed or are failing.  http://t.co/dH1jheqkB9
As the Ell-Saline High School Senior class are busy thinking about their future plans, today I took the opportunity to remind them that true success is not marked by what we get out of life, but by what we give back and the kind of person we become. I challenged the seniors to become individuals of character who pursue excellence and put others first. Congratulations once again to the class of 2014, and special thanks to Superintendent Minneman and Principal Wildeman for the invitation to speak at this year’s commencement.
Today I had the opportunity to address the graduating class of seniors at Ell-Saline High School in Brookville. In addition to being excellent students, members of this class are actively involved in their community. They have already learned an important lesson at a young age: a community thrives when its citizens get involved. Here is a photo from my visit with the class prior to the graduation ceremony.
Today we commemorate the 60th anniversary of the landmark Supreme Court decision Brown v. Board of Education. The lawsuit filed by 13 Topeka parents, including Oliver Brown, challenged the legal basis of "separate but equal" facilities that effectively marginalized African Americans from white society. Ruling in favor of the parents, the Supreme Court's unanimous decision to require desegregation of schools began the legal process of integrating all aspects of American society. Because of the courage of this small group of Kansans, and the work of so many others, we continue to strive to uphold the ideal that "All men are created equal" and are treated as such.
On Friday afternoon, I traveled to Barton County to visit Clara Barton Hospital in Hoisington, which been serving Kansans since 1950. Earlier last week, CBH broke ground on its project to expand the hospital’s therapy services department and onsite laundry facilities. This 5,500 square foot expansion will enable the hospital to improve its capacity and quality of therapy services for patients, and significantly reduce the hospital’s laundry expenses. CBH employees have pledged more than $120,000 to support this project, demonstrating their commitment to strengthening their community. Access to hospitals and quality health care services determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home and whether their children can return to raise families of their own. Thanks again to the CBH team for being so welcoming.
I'd like say a big 'Thank You' to everyone who came out and joined me at today's YFALS Corntoss Challenge for ALS research. It was a fun time for a great cause!
Exciting weekend at the Youngstown Air Reserve Station with the return of the Thunder Over the Valley Air Show. #910th 
Today is the 4th Annual Kids to Parks Day. Ohio’s national parks are a cherished resource. Discover one below. 
Thank you to all those serving in our military as we celebrate Armed Forces Day today. We are forever indebted.
NA
