REPORT: Obamacare Processing Center Paying Hundreds of Employees to Do Nothing  In response to this report, Senators Alexander and Blunt sent a letter to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services this week pressing for information on allegations that employees at Serco—a St. Louis, MO, company that was awarded up to $1.25 billion in federal taxpayer dollars to process applications for Obamacare through the federal exchange—are being paid to do nothing. To view the letter click here: http://tiny.cc/pcrwfx    http://thehill.com/regulation/healthcare/206202-senators-want-inquiry-into-o-care-center-paid-to-hit-refresh
Retailers and small businesses support one in four jobs in Missouri. I was privileged to receive the National Retail Federation’s “Hero of Main Street” award, and I will continue working to ensure small business owners have the resources they need to grow jobs. 
Always honored to greet Missouri’s veterans visiting Washington, D.C. as part of the Honor Flight program. #MilitaryAppreciationMonth.
I talked to Fox News's Jenna Lee today about claims that ObamaCare processing centers are wasting taxpayer dollars by paying employees to pretend to work. Senator Alexander and I sent a letter demanding answers for these serious allegations of taxpayer waste.
I’m talking to Missouri leaders during #InfrastructureWeek about ways we can improve Missouri infrastructure.
Thanks to KFBC Radio in Cheyenne for having me on their show this morning to discuss the VA scandal, Obamacare and EPA regulations.
NA
NA
Were you unable to participate in my tele-townhall call this week? The full audio from the call has been posted on my official website. Listen here:
Sen. Collins welcomed a group of Maine brewers to her DC office this week to discuss our state's growing craft beer industry.   She is the lead cosponsor of the Small BREW Act in the Senate, a bill which would reduce the excise tax burden on small brewers, allowing them to expand their businesses and hire more workers.  Reps from Allagash Brewing Company, Baxter Brewing Co., Shipyard Brewing Company, Maine Beer Co. and the ME Brewers' Guild were present.
Sen. Cornyn on the resignation of VA Undersecretary Petzel: "It’s indeed time for fresh leadership at the VA, but Americans are demanding more than the hollow gesture of the resignation of an undersecretary who already announced his departure last year. It’s time for Secretary Shinseki to follow suit and resign as well.”
Cornyn, Cruz, Sessions File Brief in Support of Obamacare Challenge:
Cornyn Thanks The National Association of Police Organizations:  http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=9967368a-52f3-46e9-ad78-eaec98c9fe6e
"It is always from a minority acting in ways different from what the majority would prescribe that the majority in the end learns to do better." -- Friedrich August von Hayek (1899-1992), Nobel Laureate of Economic Sciences 1974
Senators Corker and Alexander on Thursday sent a letter to U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Under Secretary for Health Robert A. Petzel requesting an update on the implementation of recommendations made in an October 2013 VA Office of Inspector General (OIG) report entitled “Healthcare Inspection Emergency Department Patient Deaths Memphis VA Medical Center (MVAMC) Memphis, Tennessee.”  “As you know, the OIG has verified many troubling allegations at the MVAMC Emergency Department,” wrote the senators. “Our veterans deserve the best possible care available, and incidents like these and allegations of delayed care leading to the deaths of veterans at the Phoenix VA Health Care System are deeply troubling.”  “We therefore ask for a detailed update on the implementation of the recommendations made and agreed to in the October 23, 2013 OIG report” and “ask that you provide us with information on any other issues preventing our veterans from receiving timely and appropriate care at the MVAMC,” the senators continued. “Now more than ever, it is imperative that the VA present a transparent accounting of the issues it faces and the steps it will take to address these challenges.”  On Tuesday, Corker and Alexander wrote to VA Secretary Eric K. Shinseki calling on the VA to conduct a “thorough, open and transparent” audit following reports of neglect at some of its medical facilities, including allegations that up to 40 patients may have died because of delayed care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System. The senators also asked Shinseki to provide specific information regarding the average time Tennessee veterans are waiting for care at VA facilities.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1lwtayd. 
A true honor to join the University of Texas Joint ROTC Commissioning Ceremony this afternoon! Congrats, best of luck, Hook 'em, and thank you for your service!
Great to be on campus at UT today. Congrats to all of the new Texas Exes this weekend!
United States Senator Mike Lee and I would like some answers from HHS Secretary nominee Burwell before the Senate moves forward on her nomination.
Congratulating our new graduates, the latest on the #IRS scandal, getting the truth on #Benghazi, and more in our latest newsletter.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
Wow! How about a little good news this morning?   Looks like a promising step forward in the fight against cancer.
We need answers on #Benghazi!
America was built on citizens having the freedom to make choices that best fit them as individuals. Those in charge of Washington want to make those choices for you. Obamacare is a prime example. Recently a health insurance executive said “We have to break people away from the choice habit that everyone has” and that we should get away from our “fixation on open access”. That isn’t the America I want. We don’t have to settle for that. The president’s promises were hollow. We need to change our health care system so that choice is more than lip service.
This week I answer your questions on the minimum wage and explain how raising it would hurt, not help, Americans looking for a job. Click the link below to learn more in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video. 
Small businesses are often family businesses. I recently held a public meeting in Red Cloud, NE to hear from constituents in the area. Several Nebraskans came out to meet me at Red Brick Café, a small business run by a husband and wife team. Red Brick Café hosts several events and is a wonderful example of a small local business bringing the community closer together.
NA
Here is Sunnee’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Damian’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Today we reported out of conference the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, which expands local control and input in important water infrastructure projects across our state. The critical improvements we have accomplished with this bill will not only make important safety improvements and reduce federal red tape, but will help maintain the economic momentum that is reviving so many Oklahoma communities. Together, Rep. Markwayne Mullin and I fought for programs and projects that will address the water resource and infrastructure problems our state has been facing. I look forward to final passage of the bill in the Senate and House of Representatives in the coming weeks. For more information about the bill or to see exactly how this bill helps the state of Oklahoma, click here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-mullin-statements-on-water-resource-reform-and-development-act-report
In the Obamacare era, wanting to make choices about your life is now a "fixation," a bad "habit" to be broken. http://t.co/59r7S3I9MK
74 percent of Obamacare sign-up already had health insurance. All that pain, so little gain. http://t.co/tFBSI5MOzr
Take a look at Senator Johnson's newsletter to see what he has been up to this week.
Senator Johnson at Horlick High School in Racine.
Sen. Johnson was happy to visit Cudahy High School this morning and take questions from a great group of AP Government students.
I believe the rule of law means that individuals have a right to know beforehand the laws to which they are subject and that they will not be made subject to the whims of individual men and women who enforce legal norms in an unpredictable manner.  Yet even under this basic definition, it seems that—to an uncomfortable degree—our federal, criminal administrative state is not a system subject to the rule of law.  Rather, at least at the federal level, we appear to be living in a system of executive discretion whereby that branch of government may pick and choose from an endless array of laws and regulations the rule of the day that they will enforce (or as seems more recently the case, not to enforce).  This state of affairs is the result of Congress criminalizing all or nearly all conceivably harmful conduct, much of which had already been criminalized at the state level. 
News of Undersecretary Petzel’s resignation is not a surprise as he was expected to retire in the near future. However, it is evidence of the dysfunction at the VA. It is important to note that Undersecretary Petzel was the only VA witness at the Senate VA Committee hearing who admitted knowledge of IG reports – he should not shoulder the blame for VA’s failures. Rather than the VA focusing on damage control, action should be taken immediately to change the bureaucratic culture of mediocrity at the VA and ensure the highest quality and most timely care for our nation’s heroes.
Today I joined the staff of Rooks County Health Center for a BBQ lunch in honor of National Hospital Week. Thank you to the entire staff for their caring compassion and dedication to Kansas patients. Pictured are Patricia Czahor, Brooklyn Eaves, Melissa Nelson, Vicky Roberts, Marilyn Simon, Pam, Harmon, Bill Stahl, Shelia Eichman, Lisa VonFeldt and Brenda Axelson.
Yesterday prior to the VA Committee hearing, I had the opportunity to meet with World War II Veterans and other veterans at their Memorial on the National Mall as part of the Honor Flight Program in Kansas. Meeting with veterans when they visit their Memorial is a moving experience – each and every time. The military men and women who sacrificed for our nation should have the most timely and highest quality health care our country has to offer. I will continue to work to make certain that is the case. Here is a photo with Alvin Barta of Lucas, a U.S. Navy Veteran.
This week is National Hospital Week. Thanks to all the men and women who work in hospitals in our state for their caring compassion and dedication to Kansas patients. I have had the pleasure of visiting each of the 127 community hospitals across Kansas, and I learn something new at each visit. The health care access that our hospitals provide is absolutely essential to the survival and success of Kansas communities. I look forward to visiting Clara Barton Hospital in Hoisington this afternoon.
Congratulations to three of the newest citizens of the US! Today in Ketchikan, they held that town's first naturalization ceremony since 2006.
I'm committed to doing everything I can to fight Lou Gehrig's disease and find a cure, so I'm excited to play beanbag toss tomorrow with my family and friends for this incredibly important cause.
It's National Bike to Work Day!  What a good way to get some exercise as you get to work.  If you've got the chance, leave the car behind and pedal today.
With Sen. Rand Paul and Rep. Brad Wenstrup at Carpe Diem-Aiken in Cincinnati to talk about the importance of school choice.
Calling for a Senate Select Committee to investigate Benghazi. The American people, and especially the families of the fallen, deserve to know more.
Glad to be in Erlanger, Kentucky today to address the Home Builders Association of Northern Kentucky.
Shawn Brown found a learning environment where he can grow and thrive through the Ohio School Choice programs, specifically the special needs scholarship program. Watch Shawn's amazing and inspiring story HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMn5XM-8W30
Mike, Clay, David and Ken McCarty of McCarty Family Farms stopped by to discuss dairy issues. I always appreciate their advice and counsel and I congratulate them on their award winning and innovative family farm.
Those who sacrifice for our country deserve the care they were promised. If you are experiencing difficulties with the Department of Veterans Affairs, please allow me to help. A veteran myself, my staff and I are always ready to serve as a liaison between you and the federal agencies that serve you.   Semper Fi,  Pat  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Casework
I discussed conservative solutions to poverty with Michel Martin on NPR's "Tell Me More" Listen here: http://youtu.be/zIWMqpznGSc
NA
Happy Friday Pennsylvania! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://ow.ly/wW77e. Thanks for reading!
On behalf of a grateful commonwealth, thank you to all our police officers. #Neverforget #NationalPoliceWeek
"Sens. Casey and Toomey are really working across the continuum on child abuse issues -- to prevent it, to work to report it and to hold perpetrators accountable." 
It was an honor to speak at the Anne B. Anstine Excellence in Public Service Series in Washington.  This organization brings together brilliant and impressive women leaders from across Pennsylvania and trains them to be more effective public servants. Thank you for your dedication and leadership!
