In case you missed it, on Friday, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel warned that the U.S. needs to upgrade its nuclear deterrent. Senator Alexander, the top Republican on the committee that oversees funding for nuclear weapons, said he’s “glad Secretary Hagel is acknowledging that we need to upgrade our nuclear deterrent – the problem, as in so many cases, is that the Obama administration isn’t saying how to pay for it. Secretary Hagel’s words are more evidence that the president and Congress need to restrain out-of-control entitlement spending and fix the nearly $18 trillion federal debt so there will be funding for urgent national security needs.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=8e74baa5-dcbb-4b8d-88ce-9c84ac32c79c
ICYMI: WECT reported on the bipartisan Child Care and Development Block Grant, introduced by Senator Mikulski and me. You can read more about this legislation on my website.
Sorry folks. That's all the time I have for our Q&A today. Thanks for participating.
I'm ready to begin the Q&A. Post your questions here.
Don't forget about our Facebook Q&A today.
Mailbag Monday: Anthony in Bella Vista wrote to me about the President's immigration executive order that media reports indicate could happen this week. "I strongly urge you to do do something to block the President from issuing an executive order regarding immigration law. This is too important to implement law on this subject by executive action."
This week a member of my staff will visit Sullivan, Miami, Marshall, and Crawford counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Tuesday, November 18  Sullivan 11:00am - 12:00pm Sullivan Public Library 100 S. Crowder St., Sullivan, IN  Peru  1:00pm - 3:00pm City Hall 35 South Broadway, Peru, IN  Thursday, November 20  English  1:00pm - 2:00pm Crawford County Library  203 Indiana Ave, English, IN  Bremen 2:00pm - 4:00pm Bremen Public Library 304 N Jackson, St., Bremen, IN
Spectacular photo from IMS
NA
Today, Senator Collins sponsored the planting of a tree at the U.S. Capitol in honor and memory of Emmett Till, a young African-American man whose brutal killing in 1955 raised public awareness that led to important civil rights reforms in our nation.  “This tree planted on the U.S. Capitol grounds in his honor will help pay tribute to Emmett Till and the transformative civil rights movement his tragic death inspired,” said Senator Collins.
VIDEO - Cornyn: Bypassing Congress on Immigration Will Harm Opportunity for Real Reform
Earlier this month, Senator Corker toured Goodwill’s downtown Nashville facility to learn how donors’ gently used clothing and household items are turned into employment and training opportunities for thousands of Tennesseans each year.  “I am proud of the inspiring work Goodwill Industries of Middle Tennessee is doing to impact the lives of so many Tennesseans, and I enjoyed touring their facility in Nashville. When most people think about Goodwill, they think about donating clothes, and while that’s certainly important, the work Goodwill is doing for local communities goes so much further,” said Corker. “I was particularly touched by their work to provide opportunities for the disabled and individuals in need to find and maintain jobs.”  To learn more about Senator Corker’s visit to Goodwill, click here: http://bit.ly/1t3xgS9.  Photos courtesy of Goodwill.
More innovation. Less stagnation. #DontMessWithTheNet!
The last thing we want is for five unelected bureaucrats in Washington to regulate the Internet as a public utility! #DontMessWithTheNet
More of this, not that! #DontMessWithTheNet
A simple message: #DontMessWithTheNet!
Former WSJ publisher: Title II would be a disaster for the Internet. We need more freedom, not more regulation. #DontMessWithTheNet!
It was great to hear how SignBossLLC  has found success in Gillette making professional signs and working in graphic design. Thanks to everyone at SignBoss and Rick and Dana Eiland for the tour of their new facilities on November 3. #WyoWorks
Founded in a basement 20 years ago, Visionary in Gillette is now a large, geographically diverse Internet Service Provider, providing more than 20,000 customers with internet. It was great to hear how the company has thrived by being flexible. Thanks to President/CEO Brian Worthen for the tour on November 3. #WyoWorks
If u love America u hv to appreciate GeoWashington He once averred that"It is impossible to rightly govern the world w/o God and the Bible".
“The Gigabit Frontier Initiative and others like it will bring the kind of Internet speeds to our state that will empower businesses in the Red River Valley and across North Dakota to thrive and grow in a highly competitive business environment. It’s a kind of infrastructure that is as important to a modern state as roads, bridges, telephones and other tools on which individuals and businesses rely to succeed. It’s a model of the dynamic impact our annual conference is having to strengthen North Dakota’s position as a tech leader.”
Staff Update: Today is Senator Jim Inhofe’s 80th birthday. Senator Inhofe will be arriving in Washington this afternoon in preparation for votes in the Senate. Please join us in wishing him a Happy Birthday and leaving a message for him below!
Senator Johnson is having a telephone town hall this Thursday at 6:35 p.m. Central Time. If you are interested in participating, email your name, phone number, and city to: rjohnsonpress@ronjohnson.senate.gov .  For more information visit http://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the tornadoes that ravaged #Illinois. Since then, I've been working to reform FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency aid so that families in Illinois are not hurt by outdated regulations. Learn more on my blog:
Kansas has some new residents. Thirty bison from South Dakota's Wind Cave National Park just moved south to join the growing herd at Tallgrass Prairie National Preserve near Strong City, Kansas.
When our men and women in uniform return home from war, far too many face troubles on the home front in the form of despair, depression and suicide.  Today I co-sponsored bipartisan legislation with a number of my Senate colleagues to bolster America's efforts to improve mental health care and suicide prevention resources for veterans.  It's named after Clay Hunt - a Marine who fought in Afghanistan - but it could be named after R.K. Butts or any of our veterans who did not receive the determined care they deserve.
This weekend I had the chance to go to the grand opening of Camp Singing Hills---a Girl Scout camp that will be used all year long.  The camp has decades long history in Chugiak and unfortunately a couple years ago fell victim to arson. The Girl Scouts of Alaska found a way to turn a setback into something positive and rebuilt the camp into something better than we could’ve imagined: new trails, yurts, and a new 6,500 square foot main lodge that will be used to hold STEM (Science, Technology, Engineer, Mathematics) programs.  Thank you to the individuals who made this possible for future generations of young Alaskans. I’ve never been prouder to have been a Girl Scout!
The recent elections showed that Washington must work together to get things done for the American people. I discussed how Congress now has an opportunity to take on big issues on Fox News today.
I was pleased to meet with the 2013-2014 Kansas FFA Association  State Officer Team. All Kansas State University students, these Kansas FFA officers present workshops and conferences across the state and challenge FFA members to serve their communities and the agriculture industry. The team represents more than 8,700 Kansas FFA members. We discussed the importance of career and technical education.
Pleased my amendment to maximize parental choice in child care for low-income families was included in the bipartisan passage of the Child Care Development Block Grant Act today.  More: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/scott-amendment-maximize-parental-choice-child-care-low-income-families-heads-white
Glad to be meeting with Jasper County officials this morning--thank you for coming out.
It's official. Pope Francis headed to #Philly.  Welcome @Pontifex.
ICYMI | Watch my interview with Fox News' Maria Bartiromo yesterday on Sunday Morning Futures.
Wicker Report | Unfinished business is likely to control the agenda of the last few weeks of the 113th Congress, which has entered a work period commonly known as “lame duck.”  The session – which runs between Election Day and the beginning of the next Congress – is expected to cover a number of pressing priorities, from funding the government to fighting terrorism.
