Today, the Senate unanimously passed the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act, which would reauthorize federal programs and grants to assist states with improvements to their life-saving newborn screening programs, affecting nearly 80,000 infants born in Tennessee each year.  Sen. Alexander praised the bill saying, “The legislation passed by the Senate today will improve life-saving screenings for nearly 80,000 infants born in Tennessee every year—as well as ensure that parents and doctors have the information and resources they need to keep the newborns in their care as safe as possible. Senator Hatch and Senator Hagan have done great work with this bill, and I look forward to the House quickly taking up and passing this important legislation.”  Read more HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=49250264-5003-471c-b5b6-802e4ff988c7
I was on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence when the report that was released today was being prepared. It failed to provide all input and wasn’t a full picture of what happened. The release of this report is both unhelpful and unnecessary in our efforts to fight against terrorists.
Missourians have historically relied on coal to power more than 80% of our electricity. Unfortunately, under the new EPA’s unprecedented “Clean Power Plan,” combined with several EPA power plant regulations, Missourians’ annual electric and gas utility bills would cost around $1,000 more in 2020 compared to 2012. Clearly, the EPA failed to take into account the economic impact this policy would have on the most vulnerable people in Missouri. That’s why I’ve recently challenged the EPA to withdraw the proposed rule and conduct a full analysis of the effects of new power plant regulations on all ratepayers, especially lower-income communities, before moving forward. Please click below to read my column. How would higher energy bills affect you and your family?
Today, Senate Democrats chose to release a report riddled with inaccuracies and fiction. Even more troubling, this report seems to only have a goal that is political in nature and endangers our officers and allies. My full statement below.
Mark Smith and I discussed a number of topics, including the lame duck agenda and the President's immigration executive overreach, during this month's visit with KASU's morning program. If you missed it, you can listen to the entire interview by following the link to KASU's site below.
I'm joining Bentonville's Apple Glen Elementary fourth graders for a Skype interview.
I'll be joining KASU Public Radio for a live interview in about 15 minutes. Listen live at the link below.
NA
The hallmark of a free society is open and transparent government, but certain disclosures must be carefully weighed against the potential damage to the national security interests of the United States and the security of the men and women who serve our country overseas. This report contains no recommendations and offers only an unconstructive, partisan account of the last decade’s counterterrorism efforts. It is now time for the Senate Intelligence Committee to move past this long-settled issue and focus on the vitally important national security challenges currently facing our country.
NA
NA
Cornyn: Democrats Should Thank, Not Vilify, Intelligence Community:
It’s almost like a skit straight out of SNL. Obamacare’s architect says the stupidity of the American voter was critical to passing the law, but claims he doesn’t remember saying it! #FullRepeal
When even Democrats admit the Obamacare architect’s comments about deceiving America were stupid… #FullRepeal
CollegeAtlas.org puts the University of Wyoming on the A-list of best colleges and universities. It’s #1 for out-of-state tuition and #12 for in-state.
I am pleased to report that over the past two years I have been able to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get important things done for Nebraskans and all Americans. ‘Working For You’ is a look back at my work and all we were able to accomplish despite persistent gridlock.  As we enter the 114th Congress, I remain committed to working with members from both parties to achieve meaningful and enduring solutions to the nation’s toughest problems.
Scientists have spoken – California drought “not caused by global warming”:  http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/dec/08/california-drought-not-caused-by-global-warming-official-study-finds
The decision to release the Senate Intelligence Committee’s report on the CIA Detention and Interrogation program at a time when we are involved in two wars not only puts American lives at risk, but also gives our enemies insight into clandestine programs that have yielded critical intelligence information. The practices that were under review have not taken place since 2009, making the dangerous, untimely release of the investigation purely motivated by party politics.  The report goes far beyond providing transparency into covert operations. It violates the trust that the U.S. has established with our global partners by disclosing allied countries that contributed to the program, severely undermining years of relationship building.  This over $40 million report is nothing more than a partisan attempt to discredit vital intelligence gathering techniques that have saved an untold number of lives.
In addition to providing needed authorizations to protect the United States from emerging threats, the National Defense bill cuts costs and finds efficiencies within the defense budget by reducing wasteful and redundant reporting requirements, and limiting the President costly green energy agenda that is siphoning defense dollars away from our servicemembers.
Tune in now to KFAQ's Pat Campbell Show where we are discussing the #NDAA and as well as the CIA torture report being released today.
Senator Johnson will question Secretary Kerry  this afternoon at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on authorization for the use of military force against ISIS. You can watch the hearing live here http://1.usa.gov/1ywU8MH
Welcome home to the 829th Engineer Company Wisconsin Army National Guard. These brave soldiers returned from a deployment in Afghanistan just in time for Christmas.
Good luck to our Green Bay Packers tonight! #GOPACKGO
This week's #KansasCommonSense—Serving as Senate Aerospace Caucus Co-Chair, the President signs the Moran-Jenkins rural health legislation into law, House passes ABLE Act, greeting the Made With Code Award Winner and the Kansas Listening Tour continues.
I love reading about success stories like this. Despite the challenges of farming in Alaska, Brian and Laurie Olson have found a way to beat the odds and are enjoying the success of their expanding business—Alaska Berries.
I am pleased to share with you a video about the early years of President Dwight D. Eisenhower's life. I was honored to help reflect on the ways growing up in Kansas influenced Ike, and to appreciate his service to our nation as a General and a President. Please take a moment and enjoy these tribute videos, or this "E-Memorial" to Ike from the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission. http://eisenhowermemorial.gov/experience/#/westpoint/589
Rubio Comments After U.S. Senate Passes Venezuela Sanctions Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/12GABk6  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio tonight issued the following statement after the U.S. Senate passed by voice vote the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, which is sponsored by Rubio and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez (D-NJ):   “The U.S. stands with the Venezuelan people and against their oppressors in the regime of Nicolás  Maduro. This is a long overdue but important step to demonstrate America’s commitment to the human rights and democratic aspirations of the Venezuelan people in both words and actions. These sanctions will go after Maduro regime officials and thugs who have spent all of 2014 authorizing and carrying out assassinations, beatings, unjustified incarcerations, kangaroo court trials and absurd indictments of its political opponents and innocent Venezuelans demanding a better future.    “I congratulate my House colleagues, particularly Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Mario Diaz-Balart, for their work in passing Venezuela sanctions legislation earlier this year. Before this Congress adjourns, I am hopeful that, for all the challenges the Venezuelan people have faced this year, we can at least end it on a positive note by turning these sanctions into a law signed by the President and implemented by the administration.”
Rubio, Risch Statement On Senate Intelligence Committee Release Of Interrogation Study: http://1.usa.gov/1G8acuw  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Jim Risch (R-ID) issued the following statement regarding the impending declassification of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence release of a partisan report on CIA interrogation and detention programs:    “The one-sided report that will be released by Democrats on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence cost U.S. tax-payers over $40 million dollars to produce, and its authors never interviewed a single CIA official.     “It is unconscionable that the Committee and the White House would support releasing this report despite warnings from our allies, the U.S. State Department, and a new coordinated Intelligence Community document assessing the increased risk to the United States the release of this report poses. We are concerned that this release could endanger the lives of Americans overseas, jeopardize U.S. relations with foreign partners, potentially incite violence, create political problems for our allies, and be used as a recruitment tool for our enemies. Simply put, this release is reckless and irresponsible. We have written to the administration reminding them of these concerns.     “Congress has a legitimate and necessary role to play in conducting serious and constructive oversight of our intelligence agencies and capabilities. This report does not qualify as either serious or constructive. This was a partisan effort that divided members of the committee, and the committee against the people of the CIA. We voted against this report because it is flawed, and voted against declassifying this report because we believed that its release could put American lives at risk, be used to contribute to propaganda against the United States by our enemies, and damage U.S. foreign policy and counterterrorism efforts.    “The American civilian and uniformed personnel who worked tirelessly in the days and months after the September 11, 2001 attacks on our nation to keep us safe and prevent another mass casualty event deserve our eternal gratitude, not politically–motivated attacks. As a nation at war, we need a coherent detention and interrogation policy in order to extract valuable intelligence about terrorist networks from captured operatives. The Obama Administration has no detention policy, and it has hindered U.S. efforts to fight terrorism globally.”
Rubio Delivers Remarks Honoring Florida’s Pearl Harbor Veterans: http://1.usa.gov/1A9n3si  Rubio: "Pearl Harbor wasn’t just a day of infamy, it was also a day that revealed the greatness of our ancestors – people like Major Braddock, Chief Petty Officer Myrick, and Commander Sullivan. It’s their blood that flows in the veins of this country, that serves as our heritage and reveals our destiny."
My deepest condolences to Joyce Craig-Lewis' family, friends, and colleagues.
The first Pennsylvanian to sit on the United States Supreme Court was James Wilson - a Reading lawyer who was a signer of the Declaration of Independence, a primary drafter of the Constitution, and one of the six original nominees to the highest bench by George Washington. #PatsFacts http://bit.ly/patsfacts
I am thrilled that the U.S. House of Representatives approved the renaming of the Woodland Avenue VA Medical Center in #Philly after Corporal Michael J. Crescenz. I am proud to have introduced the Senate bill, and I look forward to seeing his name above the door. http://bit.ly/1GeGTVi
Officer Danny Faulkner was murdered 33 years ago today. Never forget.
Hundreds of Mississippi families were affected by the fallout of the General Motors bailout, which slashed their hard-earned pensions and benefits. That is why I am supporting a bipartisan effort to extend the Health Coverage Tax Credit for eligible Delphi retirees.
