LIKE or SHARE if you want President Obama to move forward with the Keystone XL Pipeline.  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: On the U.S. Department of State’s release Friday of an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) that says building the Keystone XL Pipeline would not significantly affect the environment, Sen. Alexander said: “[This] confirms what I’ve been saying all along: there is simply no reason whatsoever for the president not to move forward with a pipeline that would make us less reliant on oil from hostile countries and create thousands jobs for American workers.” http://1.usa.gov/1eyQGee
Sen. Alexander yesterday released the following statement on a report by the CBO stating that Obamacare could push two million Americans out of the workforce:   “The CBO’s new report that Obamacare is likely to force more than two million Americans out of their jobs is yet more evidence that the president took the country in the wrong direction on health care reform. We need to start over and go step by step with reforms that reduce the cost of health care so more Americans can afford to buy insurance.” http://1.usa.gov/1b2L1hN 
CBO confirmed this week what we already knew: ObamaCare is hurting full-time jobs in America. Share your thoughts below and send me your story at bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts.
Today I joined Bill Hemmer on America’s News HQ to discuss the Patient CARE Act. Thanks for having me on. 
ICYMI, I joined Chuck Todd this morning on The Daily Rundown to discuss the Patient CARE Act. 
Yesterday, I voted against final passage of the Conference Report to accompany HR 2642, the Farm Bill. Not only does it carry a nearly $1 trillion price tag but most of the funding has nothing to do with farming, let alone providing any certainty to farmers. It also fails to include relief to farmers on burdensome GIPSA Restrictions and Country of Origin Labeling (COOL) rules. While I appreciate the efforts of the Conference Committee, its failure to address the crucial needs of North Carolina farmers prevented me from supporting the bill.
Are you thinking about a break from the winter weather and planning for spring break? If you’re interested in coming to Washington, D.C. I encourage you to come and take a tour of the Capitol. We can also submit a tour to the White House on your behalf, but we need your information soon. 
Separating the Mississippi River from Lake Michigan is a costly, unreasonable solution that will jeopardize Hoosier commerce and jobs.
I recently participated in a Budget Committee meeting in which members heard testimony about the economic outlook for the remainder of the year and beyond.  I took the opportunity to question one of the witnesses, Moody’s Analytics Chief Economist Dr. Mark Zandi, about the looming debt crisis the U.S. is headed toward.  Dr. Zandi confirmed that the critical level of debt our nation is facing is further hindering growth and is a drag on the economy. 
Obamacare: A scheme for wealth redistribution or for wealth destruction? #FullRepeal  Must read:
The Obama Administration is trying to do through regulatory fiat what it was unable to legally do before: limit the First Amendment rights of Americans. Speak out: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
UNREAL: The New York Times is now actually arguing that it is a GOOD thing that Obamacare will reduce full-time workers by 2.5 million... #FullRepeal
Enjoyed joining Leadership Institute for breakfast this morning. Together we're fighting to restore the Constitution and defend liberty!
Without independent oversight of federal departments and agencies, government transparency is an illusion. That’s why I introduced a bill with Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.) to remove the red tape that prevents the Inspectors General, the independent government watch dogs, from doing their jobs and keeping government accountable. 
What do you think will soon be the third largest expense for our federal government? Social Security is first. Medicare is second, but national defense won’t be third. That distinction will belong to interest payments on the national debt. Still, this president and the majority in the Senate want to increase federal spending and add more to the debt. The Congressional Budget Office report also estimates 2 million people won’t seek jobs because they would lose federal subsides provided to them under Obamacare if they worked. We need a Washington with willpower to spend less.
Today, I introduced a resolution strongly denouncing the Obama Administration's coercion of states into adopting Common Core State Standards by conferring preferences in federal grants and flexibility waivers.  The resolution is co-sponsored by Senators Tim Scott (R-South Carolina), Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Mike Lee (R-Utah), Ted Cruz (R-Texas), James Inhofe (R-Oklahoma), Thad Cochran (R-Mississippi), Roger Wicker (R-Mississippi), and Mike Enzi (R-Wyoming).
ICYMI: “Congress, not the Federal Communications Commission, should set Internet policy” via op-ed by Senator Ron Johnson, Senator Kelly Ayotte and me.  http://bit.ly/1gNwjxb
The CBO released a report stating that Obamacare will cost the economy 2.5 million jobs over the next 10 years. The report found that the President’s signature healthcare law will hurt the economy by creating disincentives for people to work, cut the labor supply, lower tax collection rates and will cause higher deficits. Surprised?  http://thehill.com/blogs/on-the-money/budget/197365-cbo-o-care-slowing-growth
Rather than increasing coercion, we should be demanding that further interference by the U.S. Department of Education with respect to state decisions on academic content standards be eliminated.  Read the resolution that I cosponsored with several other colleagues that outlines our concerns with #CommonCore.    I also want to hear your feedback on how we can improve our education system: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=higher-education-reform-and-college-opportunity
My vote against the Farm Bill today was a vote to rescue Utahns from second-class citizenship, and local communities in my state from permanent dependence on the whims of faraway politicians.  To compensate local governments for the tax revenue Washington unfairly denies them, Congress created – as only Congress could - the PILT program, which stands for Payment In Lieu of Taxes. Under PILT, Congress sends a few cents on the dollar out west every year to make up for lost property taxes. There is no guaranteed amount. Washington just sends what it feels like.  Imagine if a citizen operated this way with with the IRS.  Local governments across the western United States, and especially in counties like Garfield, Daggett, and Wayne, Utah, completely depend on Congress making good on this promise.  Given this situation, there are three possible courses of congressional action.  First, Congress could do the right thing and transfer the land to the states that want it.  Second, Congress could compromise and fully compensate western communities for the growth and opportunity current law denies them.  But in this bill, it’s neither. Congress chooses option three: lording its power over western communities to extort political concessions from them, like some two-bit protection racket.  “That’s a nice fire department you got there,” Congress says to western communities. “Nice school your kids have. Be a shame if anything should happen to it.”  These states and communities are looking for nothing more than certainty and equality under the law. Yet Congress treats these not as rights to be protected, but vulnerabilities to be exploited.  I have been on the phone with county commissioners for weeks, who feel they have no choice but to support a policy they know doesn’t work. This bill takes away their ability to plan and budget with certainty, and forces them to come back to Congress, hat in hand, every year. County Commissioners know this is no way to run a community. I share their frustration, and I applaud their commitment to their neighbors and communities.  I’m convinced that in the long run, the best way to protect these communities is to find a real, permanent solution that gives them the certainty and equality they deserve.  
This week, I enjoyed meeting with Baker University(Official) President Pat Long who announced last year she will be retiring in June. President Long has served as Baker University President since 2006, and has the distinction of being the university’s first female president.  Higher education helps students reach their full potential in their careers and beyond, and Baker has a great track record in preparing students to be successful in their careers — a significant majority of whom enjoy that success in Kansas.  I will continue to do what I can to make sure that federal policy does not intrude upon the good things happening at Kansas colleges and universities.
Please take a moment to read my column today on Breitbart.com on the action Congress recently took to make certain the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty will not be implemented without ratification. The House and Senate have made it unequivocally clear that Congress is committed to upholding the fundamental individual rights of Americans and rejects the U.N. ATT. We will not be bound by the treaty and we will not fund its implementation.
Alaskans understand that an 'all of the above' energy plan is vital to our nation's economic security and energy independence.  Take a look at this great story out of Juneau today, where they're setting up charging stations for electric cars! North to the future!
I was already extremely concerned that this flawed health care bill hasn't really improved Alaskans' problems of affordability or our access to care, but I am downright alarmed that the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office is now projecting it will cost the nation over 2 millions jobs. http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/04/us-usa-fiscal-obamacare-idUSBREA131B120140204
With digital media and so many high tech tools all around us, it's healthy to remember their power for self-education and self-improvement -- not just 'selfies.'  Today is National Digital Learning Day, so I encourage all Alaskans to use their computers and smart phones to learn something new today.
Important reminder of why we all must join the fight against human trafficking. I'm working in the Senate to address this growing problem. 
I have signed an amicus brief in support of Hobby Lobby and  Conestoga Wood Specialties' challenge to the Obamacare contraception mandate. Forcing employers to provide services in direct conflict with their strongly held religious beliefs, while giving waivers on other onerous Obamacare provisions to the administration’s political allies is wrong, period.  http://goo.gl/KkRxH7
CBO changed their tune on Obamacare.  We must have an accurate estimate on the cost of legislation so that we can do our jobs. This shouldn’t be about politics or gaming the system.  This is about people’s lives. CBO must answer this Congress and America.  http://youtu.be/if10_0i4ABQ
Senator Rubio: It Is Time For Obama, Administration To Level With Taxpayers: http://1.usa.gov/1atcfh0  Rubio: “The bottom line is that it is not right to allow a powerful industry to use its influence here in Washington to protect itself from the consequences of ObamaCare. And it is not right that hard working Americans are forced to pay for it.”
As if the CBO report on #Obamacare wasn't bad enough - the report also shows if we don't change our spending habits, our public debt will be greater than our GDP by 2038.    We simply can’t let our kids and grandkids be saddled with such massive debt. We must make tough, smart, efficient choices moving forward.
Best of luck to all our South Carolina colleges and universities on #SigningDay, who do you think is going to have the best class?
I oppose the nomination of Debo Adegbile to head the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division.  Mr. Adegbile’s record raises serious questions about his judgment and fitness to execute the duties of assistant attorney general.  Notably, a team of defense lawyers managed by Mr. Adegbile distorted the facts in the case for Mumia Abu-Jamal, the unrepentant murderer who took the life of Philadelphia Police Officer Daniel Faulkner 32 years ago.   The mission of the DOJ division that Mr. Adegbile would lead is to uphold the civil and constitutional rights of all individuals.  This requires the head of the Civil Rights Division to have an absolute commitment to truth and justice.  I do not believe that Mr. Adegbile demonstrated such a commitment in his handling of the Mumia Abu-Jamal case.
ICYMI: Watch my appearance with Senator Jon Tester on Crossfire last night 
