ICYMI: In the Nashville Business Journal article, “Analysis from Sen. Alexander shows TN insurance rates will go up,” E.J. Boyer writes about the latest data backing up Sen. Alexander’s argument that Obamacare will increase health insurance rates for young adults and families in Tennessee. Boyer writes, “According to the data, a 27-year old female in Nashville looking to buy the cheapest plan will see rates increase by 87 percent, up to $113.80 from $60.93. A 27-year old male will see an increase of 149 percent…the analysis supports Republicans' latest rallying cry: that President Obama's promise that if you like your insurance, you could keep it, is not holding up.” Follow this link to read more: http://bit.ly/1anINlx
NA
North Carolinians are being hit hard by health care cancellations – are you one of them? Share #yourstory here: republican.senate.gov/YourStory
Millions of Americans are being hurt by #Obamacare due to increased costs, dropped coverage and the news that they can no longer keep their family doctor.
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: In 2008, then-Federal Housing Finance Agency Director James Lockhart stood jointly with then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson to announce Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were being placed into conservatorship. No one envisioned the conservatorships of Fannie and Freddie lasting five years and costing taxpayers nearly $200 billion.  Since the crisis, Fannie and Freddie have controlled no less than 95 percent of the housing finance market in any given year, leaving no room for the private market to re-enter and compete with the federal government.  We need to reduce the government’s oversized footprint in housing finance and bring private capital back into the market.  Encouragingly, there is more traction toward moving forward with housing finance reform than there has been at any point during the five-year conservatorships of Fannie and Freddie. Members of the Senate Banking Committee are working together on important proposals that are helping to shape the debate around housing finance reform.
Cornyn Asks For Texans’ Feedback: When It Comes To Your Health Care, Are You Able to Keep It?
On FOX discussing Harry Reid's D.C. Circuit Court power grab:
#ObamaScare in action: CNN reports on the Obama Administration’s fear that Americans will be disappointed by higher prices and fewer choices as a result of Obamacare.
QUICK POLL: The New York Times thinks the government knows better than you which health care plans are best for you and your family. Are they right?  COMMENT with YES or NO!
A must-read article that underscores why this fight is so important: http://on.wsj.com/17B6rRc
 
 Are you in?
To unleash job creation and economic growth, we must stop the disaster that is Obamacare.   It's time we #MakeDCListen. Are you with me?
This spring Senator Cardin and I introduced a bill that would give people an incentive to save money to pay for their own health care.  Last week the Department of Treasury changed its medical flexible spending account rules so people can roll over up to $500 in any unspent money to the next year. That is a move in the right direction. Medical flexible savings accounts help people be proactive and plan ahead for their health care needs. It’s their money, they should keep it.
Fox’s Megyn Kelly asked Nov. 1 why Obamacare supporters voted against my proposal in 2010 that would have helped people keep health plans they liked.
The president and authors of his health care bill promised three years ago that if you liked your health care plan you would be able to keep it. Only now that people are losing their health care plans right and left are they revealing the catch that you can only keep it so long as it, “…fits into this new regime that we are building for America.” That is what one prominent senator said last week. That is the vision of this Administration and this majority in the Senate and it has nothing to do with individual choice or freedom.
Nebraska Watchdog reports that Nebraskans will see the 8th largest health care premium hike nationwide under Obamacare. The average increase in monthly payments for Nebraskans who buy their own insurance is 74% -- further proof that health care coverage under Obamacare is hardly affordable.
Obamacare: Pres Obama ignored warning 3 yrs ago that wrong ppl implementing Obamacare would cause probs See WashPost story re: Cutler memo
Senator Grassley reflects on the tribute paid to the idea of America’s exceptionalism in the Gettysburg Address and calls on Americans on this Veterans Day – next Monday, November 11 – to honor the men and women in uniform who have answered the call to serve and defend America’s freedom and individual liberty, especially those who have lost life and limb in the fullest measure of devotion to our country.
ICYMI: USA Freedom Act would right a wrong  Click below to check out my op-ed in the Las Vegas Review-Journal about the #NSA and need for #privacy.
The North Dakota Stockmen’s Association and the North Dakota Stockmen’s Foundation announced they have allocated $10,000 to begin the Stockmen’s Aid for Atlas Disaster Relief Fund to provide assistance to the ND rancher who suffered catastrophic losses during last month’s blizzard.  Call (701) 223-2522 or visit www.ndstockmen.org to learn more about this initiative.
Many thanks to everyone who helped christen the USS North Dakota on Saturday.  The ceremony was a fitting way to mark our state's 124th birthday and honor all of the fine North Dakotans who have served our state and country.
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=9c7bea10-fc20-402c-86ed-b04d23c8ddf8
ObamaCare is impacting Oklahoma's middle class and our small-business owners. This past week, the Oklahoma City Chamber of Commerce announced its health insurance plan that covered 1,400 companies was essentially "outlawed" by the Affordable Care Act. Because of this, many hardworking Oklahomans just lost their health coverage that the President had promised they could keep.    http://newsok.com/chamber-health-insurance-ending-for-1400-state-companies-as-enrollment-for-federal-exchange-opens/article/3899747/?page=2
#ENDA is about civil rights. With pride in the legacy of Lincoln and Dirksen, I oppose discrimination of any form.
 
 READ MORE: http://1.usa.gov/HCYC1D
In just a few minutes, I will be speaking on the Senate Floor for the first time since my stroke about #ENDA. #NeverGiveUp
Stopped by WGN Radio to talk with my old friend Steve Cochran. Chicago is lucky to have Steve Cochran Show back on the air.
While everyone is aware that the #Obamacare website is a disaster, personal stories like this one effectively illustrate what is wrong with the law once you get passed the technological problems:  "Before the Affordable Care Act, health-insurance policies could not be sold across state lines; now policies sold on the Affordable Care Act exchanges may not be offered across county lines.  "What happened to the president's promise, 'You can keep your health plan'? Or to the promise that 'You can keep your doctor'? Thanks to the law, I have been forced to give up a world-class health plan. The exchange would force me to give up a world-class physician.  For a cancer patient, medical coverage is a matter of life and death. Take away people's ability to control their medical-coverage choices and they may die. I guess that's a highly effective way to control medical costs. Perhaps that's the point."
#KansasCommonSense: Obamacare problems continue, introducing legislation to help Americans save for their futures, greeting Kansas WWII Veterans, meeting with Wichita State University officials and more.
MUST-READ from The Heritage Foundation: Disturbing new info about HealthCare.gov users who experienced a breach of privacy. http://herit.ag/1cA2ZnG
"I had great cancer doctors and health insurance. My plan was cancelled. Now I worry how long I'll live."  Read Edie Sundby's #Obamacare horror story: http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304527504579171710423780446 …
10x more Kentuckians have lost health insurance than have gained it from #Obamacare  READ: http://www.kentucky.com/2013/11/02/2908114/about-280000-kentuckians-losing.html
My strongest thanks and well wishes to the men and women of Golf Co., 2nd Bttn, 135th Av. Regiment of the KS Army Ntl Guard and to their families. These patriot volunteers are deploying to Afghanistan for aeromedical mission this morning. 
 
 Our prayers for the safety and well-being of these soldiers and their families
REMINDER: The EPA is holding a listening session to discuss the proposed coal plant emissions regulation at their Lenexa office at 4:00pm TODAY.    With Kansas relying on coal for about 75% of our electricity production, this ruling will result in higher utility rates for all Kansans.  I encourage you to attend the meeting and express your opposition to this EPA overreach.   http://cjonline.com/news/state/2013-11-04/epa-invites-opinions-coal-plant-emissions-policy
My latest Roberts Report is out.  Click the link below to read some highlights about what I have been working on the last few weeks, including protecting patients privacy in Obamacare, calling for Secretary Sebelius to resign and conference meetings on the farm bill.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=a06717ea-a8e1-49ce-810b-e2d72587d106&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
Senator Rubio: ObamaCare Built On A Foundation Of Lies, Promises That Can’t Be Kept: http://1.usa.gov/16AuoFn  In this week’s installment of Marco’s Constituent Mailbox video series, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) revisits President Obama’s broken promise that Americans would be able to keep their health insurance plans in spite of ObamaCare – a promise he made to “Margaret from Greeley, Colorado” during a July 29, 2009 AARP Forum.
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Pressure Iran with Tighter Sanctions: http://1.usa.gov/1hduklO  Rubio: “Tough sanctions are exactly what has brought Iran to the table now, and tightening sanctions as we engage diplomatically affords us the opportunity to apply further pressure and force Iran’s leaders to choose between regime survival and a nuclear weapon.”
A father of three in Mobile wrote in that his current health insurance plan has been cancelled since it failed to meet certain requirements of the Affordable Care Act:
Thank you to Mark Hudson of Aiken for this week's cover photo--the Saluda River near Columbia.  This is our South Carolina.
I have long believed that more legal protections are appropriate to prevent employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.  That is why I supported a provision in the Allentown charter barring the city government from discriminating against persons on the basis of their sexual orientation some 17 years ago, in 1996.  More recently, it’s also why I supported allowing gay, lesbian, and bisexual persons to serve openly in the military.   So I believe the Employment Non-Discrimination Act contains very important provisions.  However, I also believe it should be improved, especially as it pertains to religious organizations.  We must strive to reach the appropriate balance between protecting workers and protecting religious freedom. I voted to move forward with debate on ENDA with the hope that the Senate will take up amendments – including one that I plan to offer – to address this important aspect of the proposed law.
From The Wall Street Journal: You Also Can't Keep Your Doctor.
In case you missed it, my op-ed on the very inspiring Jeanne Cerce of Latrobe, Pa.
November is National Alzheimer's Awareness Month. An estimated 400,000 Pennsylvanians suffer from this illness or a related disorder. Let's work together and #ENDALZ.
The U.S. Senate today unanimously confirmed Debra M. Brown of Jackson to be a U.S. District Court Judge for the Northern District of Mississippi.  I am thrilled and honored to be part of this historic moment for Mississippi. Ms. Brown is a proven trailblazer. Our country needs judges who have a record of professional excellence, integrity, and public service.    I am confident her service will be good for our nation, our state, and especially good for the city of Greenville, where she will preside. Having a judge who is also an architect would be particularly serendipitous for Greenville, as the federal courthouse there is woefully inadequate and in desperate need of a new state-of-the-art courthouse.
Wicker Report | Over the next several weeks, a bipartisan committee is tasked with finding practical solutions to America’s debt crisis.  The budget conference – the first to convene between the House of Representatives and the Senate in four years – is a long-overdue step toward forging a financial blueprint that changes our country’s current trajectory of excessive debt and spending.
