This afternoon, Senator Alexander met with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) “Principals of the Year” from Tennessee, Dr. John Ash of Murfreesboro and Dr. Scott Porter of Alcoa, to congratulate them on their award.
Senator Ayotte had a very special visit today from New Hampshire's High School Principal of the Year, Gene Connolly.  Congratulations Gene, Concord High School is so lucky to have you!
Today Senator Ayotte welcomed the Schuman family of Nashua to Capitol Hill.  She was also glad to meet Gara Maciejewski, an exchange student from the Canary Islands, who is living with the Schumans this year.
TIGER funding for the replacement of the Sarah Long Bridge is terrific news for New Hampshire, the Seacoast region, and Portsmouth Naval Shipyard: 
The Senate has stopped doing the people’s work in the way the people should expect it to be done – and that has to change. Read more on my take here: 
Very pleased that the Dept. of Transportation has decided to award Missouri with federal funds under the TIGER Grant program. I’ve strongly advocated for these projects because they will help grow jobs, increase the transit of goods and services, and create more economic opportunity across Missouri, and I will continue to advocate for projects like these that strengthen and modernize our transportation systems across Missouri. 
During today’s hearing on the “State of VA Health Care,” I asked Secretary McDonald how he planned to change the culture at VA and how he would measure that change -- watch his answer below. 
Today, the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs held a hearing on the “State of VA Health Care.”  This hearing is focusing on an Inspector General report released in August on the problems found at the Phoenix Healthcare System. 
On this day in 1886, construction began on the Wyoming State Capitol in Cheyenne. The first cornerstone was laid the following year on May 18, 1887, with completion of the east and west wings in 1890. With the growth of the state, crowded conditions prompted the 13th State Legislature to approve construction of the House and Senate Chambers in 1915, which were completed in 1917. Credit: Wyoming State Capitol and Wyoming Public Media.
NA
It was great to meet with the Indiana Farm Bureau this morning and an honor to receive their Friend of the Farm Bureau award
NA
NA
In case you missed it:  Here is video of Senator Collins on CNN's New Day discussing the need for a strategy to deal with the terrorist group ISIS.
As a leader of the Senate Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Collins worked to secure critical funding to help replace this bridge - which is essential to maintaining the jobs of the men and women at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery. 
VIDEO - Cornyn Urges Obama To Offer Plan with Clear Objectives for Defeating ISIL:
Cornyn, Poe Press Holder To Comply With Violence Against Women Act:
Today at 5:28 p.m. ET, Sen. Corker will be on CNN’s The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer to discuss the president’s address tomorrow night on the U.S. strategy to confront ISIS.
Senator Corker enjoyed meeting with 8th grade students from Battle Ground Academy (Williamson County) this afternoon on Capitol Hill.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 75 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
President Obama continues his war on the Catholic Church by trying to force nuns who care for the elderly poor to violate their religious beliefs at the altar of Obamacare.
Sen. Ted Kennedy was absolutely right when he said this… #DontRepeal1A
What our focus should be is taking ISIS out so that they cannot project terror and murder Americans.
Unbelievably, the Senate majority wants to amend the Constitution in order to  give Congress more control over Americans’ free speech rights. The majority wants Congress to be able to define what speech qualifies as acceptable political speech and what doesn’t. It’s shameful the lengths this majority leadership will go to retain power.  Our First Amendment right to free speech is such a basic and important right that protects our other rights. It helps keep government accountable and should remain a right for every American, not just those whose party is in control.
Had a busy day in Washington with the Senate back in session. I enjoyed meeting with members of the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, including a UNL PhD candidate Cameron Murphy (bottom left). I also had the chance to visit with leaders from the health IT company 23andMe (top left). Some professors from the University of Nebraska Medical Center College of Dentistry also stopped by my office (top right). Finally, Pastor Hess and a student, Seth Brefehoft, from the Park Avenue Christian School in Norfolk, NE also came by to visit (bottom right).  Thank you all for taking the time to meet with me today!
So glad David Essink of Hastings and Marshall Lewis of Kimball stopped by my office today. I am very proud of these two Nebraskans, who are nominated for the 2015 Principal of the Year award.
Sen. Grassley wants to fix the broken process that keeps government watchdogs in limbo.  Read more here:  
Sen. Grassley and law enforcement officers from Iowa support the Maternal, Infant and Early Childhood Visiting program, which promotes child health and abuse prevention among at-risk families.  Read more here:
Today, I hosted a #vets roundtable with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to discuss ways to address the VA disability claims backlog.
It was great meeting with Nevada Principal of the Year Scarlett Perryman earlier today on Capitol Hill.
I spoke at a Senate VA committee hearing this AM about my commitment to address the #veterans disability claims backlog: 
Congratulations to Joel Bickford and Dave Wheeler for being recognized as Principals of the Year for their excellent work at Bottineau Junior Senior High School and Larimore High School.
"Not only do our farmers, ranchers and agriculture workers provide our nation the highest quality, least expensive food supply in the world, but they are also a cornerstone of North Dakota’s economy. It has been an honor to work on their behalf, and I continue working to make sure they have access to the support and tools they need to continue their vital work.”
Enjoyed meeting today with the North Dakota Farmers Union.
“Domestic violence and sexual assault are serious crimes and it is important law enforcement officials have the resources to deal with these types of crimes. This grant will help Grand Forks handle sexual assault cases and will also help raise community support and awareness for victims.”
This afternoon the House of Representatives will vote on a resolution disapproving the President’s decision earlier this summer to break the law by failing to notify Congress 30 days before his release of the Taliban Five from Guantanamo Bay. Because of his reckless decision, five senior terrorist leaders are now back in the Middle East region at a time of significant instability and when we still have men and women in uniform on the ground. I support the House’s legislation and urge them to send a strong bipartisan signal that his decisions that threaten our national security and the safety of our servicemembers in the region will not be left ignored.
Americans are asking the President for a comprehensive strategy not just for Iraq, but for wherever the Islamic State (IS) operates around the world. My resolution I introduced last night would require the President to deliver such a strategy to defeat IS. The American public wants their defeat, but Americans also want a better understanding of what the strategy is and what military and other resources will be needed. It's time the President brings clarity to the mission and shows America’s resolve to protect its citizens and defeat IS. No more excuses. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-resolution-to-authorize-use-of-force-against-is
Staff Update: Sen. Inhofe is filling in this morning as Ranking Member during the Environment and Public Works (EPW) committee hearing to consider the nominations of Mr. Jeffery M. Baran and Mr. Stephen G. Burns to be Members of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. You can watch the hearing live here: http://www.epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Hearings.LiveStream
Today the House Committee on Natural Resources is holding a hearing on Congressman Markwayne Mullin’s bill to reverse the U.S. U.S. Department of the Interior’s listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken (LPC) as threatened. The five states that encompass the LPC range have developed a plan that has already increased the LPC population and dedicated $43 million to conserve 9 million acres. Despite this plan and the increase of the LPC population by 20 percent last year, the federal government decided in March to list the species as “threatened," severely limiting the ability of local businesses and landowners to work or develop the land where the LPC population exists. We must allow the states to implement their plan which will conserve the species without increasing big government regulations or stifling job creation. Reversing the LPC listing is one of my top priorities in the Senate and I am proud to work with Congressman Markwayne Mullin to see it through. You can watch the hearing here:  http://naturalresources.house.gov/live/ or read my companion legislation here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/download/lpc-delist-legislation
The House of Representatives has passed over 340 bills that are waiting on Senator Reid's desk to be voted on in the Senate. I participated in this press conference today to call for the Senate to vote on legislation that would strengthen our border and prevent executive amnesty.
The target of the Democrats' proposal to limit freedom of speech is America and the institutions of civil society.  According to the text of SJ Res 19, rich and powerful individuals will still be free to influence our government and elections.  Everyone else will be barred from coming together and pooling their resources for that very purpose.
Congress is at this very moment in a debate over the issue of expanding the DACA program. The House passed a bill limiting the program just before Congress left for the August break and it is now the Senate's turn to consider this legislation. By suggesting that he plans to move forward on executive amnesty after the election regardless of what happens in the Senate over the next month, the president is signaling to the country that debate doesn't matter, senators' votes don't matter, and, most alarmingly, the voices of the American people don't matter. It is an outrageous act that threatens the very foundations of our democracy. 
For Arizonans: Check for resources for all impacted by the record-breaking monsoon storms & flooding in the Valley:
NA
NA
Sen. McConnell: '‘[The President] needs to identify military objectives, and explain how those ends will be accomplished. He needs to present this plan to the Congress and the American people, and where the President believes he lacks authority to execute such a strategy, he needs to explain to the Congress how additional authority for the use of force will protect America.’
Today in the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee I questioned the new VA Secretary Robert McDonald about the state of VA health care. I used the opportunity to share the stories of two Kansas veterans with differing experiences when it comes to access to health care in the transitioning VA system: Lee Mahin of Smith Center and Larry McIntire of Plainville, I was pleased to receive a commitment from Sec. McDonald that the VA will make certain veterans receive the care they need through the Choice Act and will not experience the burden of travel to access that care. This is particularly important if a VA facility within 40 miles of where a veteran resides does not offer the care and treatment the veteran is seeking. 
Lt. Col. Stephen Matthews, 349th Air Refueling Squadron commander at McConnell Air Force base in Wichita, was selected as Air Mobility Command's nominee for one of the Air Force's most prestigious awards, the 2013 Lance P. Sijan Leadership Award.
This morning, I learned that yesterday afternoon a fire in Scott City destroyed one of the last historic buildings still remaining downtown – Braun’s Butcher Block. This is very sad news, and is devastating for this business and the downtown community. Thanks to the firefighters and first responders from Scott, Lane and Wichita Counties, as well as the local feedlot employees who worked together to respond to the fire, which thankfully resulted in no injuries.
Principal Adam Mokelke, of Burchell High School in Wasilla, was in Washington, D.C. today to be recognized as one of six finalists for the 2014 National Principal of the Year Award. Adam said that if he wins, he plans to cover up his name on the award with the name of a student or teacher at Burchell each day—because everyone at Burchell deserves recognition. It’s clear that teaching is not a job to him, it’s his vocation.  Our fingers are crossed for you, Adam!
If you’re in the Mat-Su Valley, make sure to look out for these “Baby Salmon Live Here” signs! This important project is aiming to  raise awareness about Alaska’s most abundant – and delicious – resource: salmon. Program Director Kim Sollien got it right when she said that the knowledge of salmon is part of who we are as Alaskans!  
It was such an honor to speak with these precious young Alaskans in Skagway City School's K-2 class this afternoon.
The strengthening of ISIS demonstrates the serious consequences of a disengaged and passive foreign policy. When America retreats from its global leadership role, terrorist groups like ISIS are quick to fill the void.  It is time for the President to lead so America can lead. We need a plan that addresses the military, intelligence, political, and economic components necessary to defeat this latest threat to the region and our national security. 
Earlier today, I discussed the over militarization of state law enforcement at a HSGAC hearing.   I think many of us are horrified by some of the images that came out of Ferguson. We were horrified to see an unarmed man with his hands over his head being confronted by an armored personnel carrier or by a drawn assault weapon. We're horrified by images of tear gas being shot into the yards of protesters.   One of the fundamental things about America is dissent, and the ability to have dissent.   But confronting protesters with armored personnel is thoroughly un-American and for 150 years, we’ve had rules separating the military, keeping the military out of policing affairs. You obscure that separation if you allow the police to become the military.  WATCH: http://www.washingtonpost.com/posttv/politics/rand-paul-militarization-of-police-is-crazy-out-of-control/2014/09/09/18fbfcc2-383b-11e4-a023-1d61f7f31a05_video.html 
Today I spoke on the Senate floor against S.J. Res. 19, the Majority Leader's attempt to amend the First Amendment of the Constitution. He wants to allow Congress to regulate free speech to silence his opposition. I will vote against this amendment today, tomorrow and forever, for any Congress. http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=adfacf2d-57d5-4b3e-b4ff-715595b60518
Rubio on the Senate Floor today: U.S. Leadership Needed To Combat International Crises
It was a pleasure to meet Ronnie Rowell of Theodore High School and Jerry Snow of Piedmont Middle School in DC today. I am proud of the work they have done as Alabama High School and Middle School Principals of the Year!
My heart is with the Charleston County Sheriff's office today, and my prayers are with the officers and their families who paid a heavy price in the line of duty.
Questioning #NLRB nominee Sharon Block in HELP Committee this morning.
Just attended the bipartisan Senate VA Backlog Working Group with Sen. Casey. We need to reduce the backlog at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and improve the system, and I welcomed the input from veterans groups about how we can get these goals done.
