LIKE or SHARE if—like Sen. Alexander—you support school choice for elementary and secondary education.   Alexander said: “Our higher education system is the best in the world because our colleges and universities have autonomy and compete for federal money that follows students to the school of their choice. When we let parents decide which elementary or high school is best for their children, we’ll see similar results.”
Sen. Alexander and Tennessee Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey met in Alexander’s office last night before heading to a private dinner for senators and spouses prior to the State of the Union.
If you wanted to hear about decreased Obama regulations at SOTU last night, please LIKE or SHARE.  Sen. Alexander said he would have preferred to hear “a real answer” from President Obama on income inequality in his State of the Union address. Alexander said, “The first real answer is to liberate the free enterprise system from Obama regulations so it can create more good jobs.” Watch Alexander’s reaction here: http://1.usa.gov/1by9Zje 
Senator Ayotte released this statement Tuesday evening following the president's State of the Union address:   "The American people sent us to Washington to fully debate the issues and solve tough problems. President Obama identified several areas where Republicans and Democrats must work together, and one of them is strengthening our nation's infrastructure. I hope he'll take a serious look at bipartisan legislation I recently helped introduce that would create a fund to finance infrastructure projects without using taxpayer dollars. I also hope the president is serious about reforming our corporate tax code -- the highest in the world - to simplify and lower rates, which would make America more competitive, help grow jobs and keep investment here.   "It was a glaring omission that the President's speech didn't address the serious problems with Obamacare. New Hampshire citizens have told me they're losing their doctors, seeing their coverage cancelled or having to pay more for it. We need to tackle these problems head on."
Did the president talk about what you wanted to hear during his State of the Union Address last night? I’ll be chatting with Politico’s Mike Allen about the president’s speech this morning – watch our conversation live online at 7:40 am CT. 
What do you want to hear from President Obama during his State of the Union Address tonight? Tweet me at @RoyBlunt or share your thoughts in the comments below.
Tonight I’ll be joining The Kudlow Report on CNBC to discuss the Patient CARE Act. I hope you’ll join us around 7:15pm.
If you haven’t heard about what our proposal does to improve healthcare, check out the National Review article below. #PatientCAREAct 
This morning I joined some of my Republican colleagues on the Senate floor to share stories of how Obamacare is negatively affecting the lives of our constituents. As Arkansas families are finding themselves cash-strapped as a result of higher premiums, deductibles and canceled health care coverage under Obamacare, the President ignored these major problems in his State of the Union speech last night. Our constituents haven't forgotten about the disastrous effects and they deserve an answer. 
No one is going to say this bill is perfect, but it is a good, fair bill that achieves real savings in mandatory spending, reduces and streamlines government programs and provides much-needed reform for the food stamp program. At the same time, this bill ensures the continued safety, affordability, and reliability of our food supply while protecting the most vulnerable members of our communities. So I was pleased that the House passed it today and will push for quick consideration in the Senate of this hard-fought agreement.   Read my entire statement by following the link below.
We’re hosting our first telephone town hall of the year tomorrow. This is a convenient way to for you to talk with me about the issues you’re concerned with. We take your questions and want to hear from you. If you want to participate sign up below.
NA
“President Obama’s policies have resulted in 5 million Americans losing their health insurance under Obamacare, a stalled economic recovery, high unemployment, and increased income inequality. These are problems he created. We need to ask ourselves, are we better off today?   “The President continues to ignore the results and consequences of the failed policies of his presidency. While he is calling for a ‘year of action,’ his intention is clear – to circumvent Congress. Pursuing executive actions to push through his agenda is a troubling trend. The American people sent their elected officials to Washington to represent their needs and the President should not ignore their voices."  Read my full reaction to the President's State of the Union speech by following the link below.
While you are waiting for the State of the Union speech, here is a good story from the SW Times-Record on why fellow conferee First District Rep. Rick Crawford & I feel the Farm Bill agreement is good for Arkansas. 
Instead of threatening to go around Congress, President Obama should embrace bipartisan solutions tonight in his State of the Union address. He can do that by announcing his support for the Keystone XL pipeline, eliminating reckless red tape and repealing the destructive medical device tax. 
Today I am supporting two pieces of legislation that would convert existing federal education funding into scholarships to help parents of low-income households afford the school of their choice and assist children with disabilities.  The Scholarship for Kids Act, introduced by Senator Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), would create $24 billion worth of scholarships for 11 million low-income children to use toward any public or private school of their parents’ choice. The CHOICE Act, introduced by Senator Tim Scott (R-S.C.), would create $11 billion in scholarships for six million American children with disabilities, as well as children of military families.   The funding for both bills is redirected from existing federal spending and would not contribute to the deficit. The scholarships would be awarded at the state level. Simultaneously making education more affordable and more available, without adding a dime to the deficit, is common sense. This will put parents in greater control of their child’s educational path.
NA
Rather than use tonight's speech to unite our country, President Obama turned to more political division and even vowed to circumvent the people’s representatives to change existing law with the stroke of his pen.   The president again demonstrated tonight that he is good at making promises, but Hoosiers know that promises don’t matter, actions do. The actions taken by his administration have led to increased spending, more taxes, job losses and a shrinking workforce. After five years of this failed strategy, it’s time for a new game plan and new ideas.  I have put forward a 10-point plan – The Indiana Way – based on bipartisan ideas I gathered from Hoosiers that will strengthen Indiana and our country. Rather than ignore Republican solutions, the president must recognize that in a divided government our country needs a leader that will work with both parties to create the opportunities Americans deserve.
Did you notice that the president had some gaps in his State of the Union address?  The president briefly mentioned his signature achievement, Obamacare, but failed to mention the disastrous rollout, the millions of Americans who have lost coverage or those that are losing their doctor and experiencing a higher cost for care.  The president talked about an ‘all-of-the-above’ industry strategy and creating jobs, but his administration continues to delay a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline, a project that would create 20,000 jobs and move us further in a direction of becoming energy independent.  Most importantly, the president stood before Congress again and offered no plan to deal with our explosive entitlement programs, the true drivers of our debt, which, absent substantive reforms, are rapidly headed towards insolvency.  While the president spoke for more than an hour, he failed to mention many of the serious challenges facing our nation that Americans are concerned about. 
VIDEO: President Obama came before Congress tonight to push a message of building a strong, robust economy, yet his very own policies of overspending, stifling energy production, increasing unnecessary regulations, hiking taxes on the middle class, and implementing a top-down government-run health care system that are weakening the economy and hurting the very Americans he promises to help.  We must focus on reforming our tax code and we have to control the spending cycle that Washington will not stop.  Watch my full remarks by clicking the video link below.
Making phone calls to #Idaho to speak with several media outlets about what the president said in his #SOTU speech. #idpol #insideSOTU
On her way to tonight's State of the Union address, Senator Collins was asked what she would like to hear the President say...
Honored to meet with Staff Sergeant Alonzo Lunsford, a victim of the terrorist attack at Fort Hood.  It’s time for Congress to pass the Honoring the Fort Hood Heroes Act, so the brave men and women like SSG Lunsford receive the recognition and benefits they deserve.
Cornyn Calls for Reforms to Improve Military Voting:
Cornyn Demands Answers From AG Holder on Texans Targeted By The IRS:
Pleased to share that Honor Flight Houston is sending its first group of 25 World War II veterans to DC to see the war memorials in April. I salute all the volunteers and sponsors who contribute their time and resources to the Honor Flight Network each year. An extremely worthy effort to honor our nation’s heroes.  http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/Houston-s-Honor-Flights-to-take-25-WWII-vets-to-5182537.php?cmpid=houtexhcat#photo-5449840 
Sen. Cornyn reacts to the State of the Union on the Edd Hendee show on KSEV: 
This President is the first we’ve ever seen who claims to have the authority to just change the law unilaterally.
Do you think there’s a conflict of interest in a major Democrat donor leading the investigation into the IRS’s targeting of conservatives?  Attorney General Holder doesn’t. WATCH:
Alan Gross should be released unconditionally. Appeasement is not the way to deal with the Castros.
In yesterday's #SOTU President Obama dodged our questions.   SHARE if you want answers! http://1.usa.gov/1k7RKXR #MakeDCListen
I'll have the opportunity to ask Attorney General Eric Holder a few questions today in the Senate Judiciary Committee.  COMMENT BELOW: If you could ask him one question, what would it be?
Glad to see the House of Representatives passed H.R. 7, the "No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act," yesterday afternoon.   Senator Harry Reid -- let's schedule a vote in the Senate! #Stand4Life
Republican or Democrat, everyone should be concerned about unchecked power in the presidency because it is fundamentally a threat to liberty.
Impromptu thoughts after tonight’s #SOTU:
Of all the troubling aspects of the Obama presidency, none is more dangerous than the president's persistent pattern of lawlessness, his willingness to disregard the written law and instead enforce his own policies via executive fiat.
By law the president is supposed to submit a budget plan to Congress by the first Monday in February each year. President Obama has been a total of about 200 days late submitting his budget plans. See how he compares to past presidents below. If something is a real priority, one generally seeks to do it well and on time.
NA
President Obama’s pen won’t put Americans back to work. Sound fiscal policy, not more government and gimmicks, will. While I’m pleased the president supports immigration reform and is finally focusing on trade, circumventing Congress won’t foster job creation and won’t result in economic growth. I hope that in the coming year, the president will work with – not against – Congress in these endeavors.
Discussing my reaction to President Obama’s State of the Union address with Coby Mach on KFOR 1240 live at 5:10 CT. Listen in here...
I agree we must focus on policies that strengthen the middle class. Growing the government isn’t the answer. It is my expectation, and the expectation of Nebraskans, that the president will work with – not around – Congress to pursue common ground. The president has his ‘pen’ and his ‘phone,’ but he also has a duty to abide by the Constitution he is sworn to protect and defend. Watch my full reaction to the President's State of the Union address below.
Had great discussion today with retired soldier Eric Marts.  Eric is a true American hero who is doing tremendous work on behalf of our nation's veterans.  Having the chance to speak with him is always an honor.
House passage of the federal five-year compromise farm bill today is good for our farmers and ranchers and good for American consumers. As a member of the farm bill conference committee, I worked with the conferees to come up with a compromise bill that could gain support in both the House and the Senate, as well as with Republicans and Democrats. The measure passed the House with a strong bipartisan majority of 251 to 166, with Republicans voting 162 in favor and 63 against and Democrats voting 89 in favor and 103 against. The measure now goes to the Senate for final passage.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-statement-on-house-passage-of-the-five-year-farm-bill
Had productive meeting today with NTSB to see axle from Casselton derailment and discuss ongoing investigation as we continue working to improve rail safety and prevent future accidents.
Enjoyed speaking this morning at The Atlantic and National Journal 12th annual State of the Union Congressional Debrief.  We discussed need to harness the potential of our energy's vast energy resources, as we're successfully doing in North Dakota, starting with the approval of the Keystone XL pipeline.
It was an honor to meet today Charles Woods, father of Navy SEAL Ty Woods who was killed in the terrorist attack on our Benghazi consulate. No father should experience losing one of his own, and Mr. Woods and Americans deserve answers to what happened that day. I am a cosponsor of S.Res.225 that would establish a joint select committee to investigate and report on the Benghazi attack. I thank Jim Bridenstine for bringing Mr. Woods to last night's State of the Union.
Please take a moment to watch part of yesterday’s Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on the recent cuts to the military retirements of our brave veterans. To me, this is a moral issue. This is a commitment that we made to compensate the men and women of our armed services for their dedicated and courageous service in defense of the nation. We must keep our promise and restore the military retirement benefits now. http://bit.ly/1excrHC
For my response to the President's State of the Union: http://youtu.be/r0T3T_5ikCw
ICYMI: Sen. Johnson joined CNBC's The Kudlow Report last night prior to the State of the Union address. You can watch below. 
You can watch Sen. Johnson's response to the President's State of the Union address below.
Watch and Share: Attorney General Eric Holder can't explain constitutional basis for President Obama's executive orders.
I will be questioning Attorney General Holder in a Judiciary Committee Hearing today.  What questions would you like to hear him answer?
"In the few minutes I have tonight — I’d like to speak especially to those Americans who may feel they have been forgotten by both political parties."
Getting ready to give my response to the State of the Union.
If you want to watch my response to the president's State of the Union speech, you can watch it from this link.  It should be starting soon. #SOTU
‘And last night, the President had a real chance to unite the nation around a forward-looking agenda. He had a huge opportunity to reach to the middle and chart a new path – at a time when nearly 70 percent of Americans say that the country is either stagnant or worse off now than when the President took office. That we’re on the wrong path. It could have been a legacy-making moment.’
On January 29, 1861, Kansas was founded on the ideals of freedom and individual responsibility. We have much to be proud of – from our rich heritage, to our talented leaders, to our diverse industries. Happy 153rd birthday to the great state of Kansas. I believe even brighter days lie ahead, and will work hard to make certain we leave behind a stronger, freer and more prosperous state and nation for the next generation.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation is hosting a job fair next week in Wichita, Kansas. As our country honors service members and veterans who have sacrificed so much for our nation, we must also make certain they are afforded the freedoms and opportunities they helped to preserve.
Today I was proud and honored to meet three heroic airmen of the 176th Wing of the Alaska Air National Guard, the busiest Combat Search and Rescue team in the entire U.S. Air Force.  Over the last twenty years, their unit has saved over 2,000 lives.  On behalf of a grateful state, thank you!
We all want a ‘Year of Action’ but it’s going to take more than the President’s pen and phone.  It is going to take true engagement with Congress and a commitment to working together.
Talked with CNBC's Squawk Box this morning about the President’s State of the Union address. “Words are one thing, action is another.” Watch my interview here: 
Want to hear my reaction to President Obama's State of the Union Address?   WATCH HERE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kFWhTKERJI&list=UUeM9I-20oWUs8daIIpsNHoQ&feature=c4-overview
Reagan said "In the present crisis, government is not the solution to our problems, government IS the problem" #RandResponds   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0E6YMdgGUY4
Stand by for my response to the State of the Union. #RandResponds
It was great to spend Kansas Day with the Kansas Association of Wheat Growers  (Kansas Wheat).  I was honored to receive the 2013 Wheat Advocate Award for working to advance agriculture.
On this day on January 29, 1861. Kansas entered the Union as the 34th state!   Happy Kansas Day!
My response to the President's State of the Union Address. We heard more of the same from the President: more taxes, more spending, more bypassing the Congress to enact his agenda, and more big government.  http://youtu.be/bZn6Ee_BrMY
I just had the opportunity to discuss Benghazi and the State of the Union with Neil Cavuto on Fox Business.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44lBR86nW-E&feature=youtu.be
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Differences With Obama On Earned Income Tax Credit: http://1.usa.gov/LpGwlA  Rubio: “I think we’ve identified the same issue, but his prescription for it seems to be more of the same. And that’s problematic.”
ICYMI: Watch Senator Rubio on last night's "The O'Reilly Factor" 
Senator Rubio Comments On Tonight’s State Of The Union Address: 1.usa.gov/1ewceEx  ...  Rubio: “Americans deserve more opportunities to achieve a better life, and that’s going to require a free enterprise economy that’s creating more middle class jobs and a government with less debt. While the President discussed some areas of common interest, the heart of his 2014 agenda is clearly more about working alone than with the American people’s representatives on the major reforms we need.   “President Obama missed an opportunity on several fronts, especially by insisting that Washington keep spending more money than it takes in, keep dictating to entrepreneurs how to run their businesses, and failing to level with the American people about how we can save our retirement programs. We need a real opportunity agenda that helps people seize the enormous potential that the coming years hold.”   ... 
Sen. Sessions comments on the President's State of the Union address:  “President Obama says he is concerned about low wages and chronic unemployment for American workers. Yet his signature second-term legislative item is an immigration bill that would immediately and permanently double the flow of new immigrant workers competing against unemployed Americans—reducing wages, increasing unemployment, and further shrinking the middle class. Experts tell us that the current, very high immigration flow is already a factor in declining wages.   His other policy proposals—more government spending, public assistance, and wage controls—are a continued attempt to deal with the symptoms of an economy that is failing and stagnant, rather than with the causes. This agenda will not only do little for those it is designed to assist in the short run, but will actually do harm to many in the long run.  With a record 1 in 5 households on food stamps, and with 92 million Americans outside the work force, it is clear what we must do: a focused national effort to help transition millions of Americans off of welfare, off of unemployment, and into good-paying jobs. This must be done without adding to the debt. Such an effort would include more American energy; better trade and immigration enforcement; welfare and tax reform; a leaner, more productive government; the elimination of regulations that destroy jobs; and the growth and confidence created by balancing the federal budget.”
Going On the Record with Greta on FOX at 740p tonight, tune in as we talk school choice and the importance of my bill - the CHOICE Act!
Today I called on President Obama and Democratic Senate leaders to support an up-or-down vote on the SKILLS Act following the president’s support for high-quality workforce training in last night’s State of the Union address. My SKILLS Act is part of our Opportunity Agenda to create greater possibilities for success for American students, workers, and families.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/president-obama-calls-skills-training-scott-says-pass-skills-act
Watch my response to the President's State of the Union Address here: http://youtu.be/LBvaXyVeQJA
Getting ready to talk with WYFF in Greenville about the State of the Union and ran into my good friend Trey Gowdy!
As the Senate debates reforms to the National Flood Insurance Program, we need a balanced approach to assist Pennsylvania homeowners, policy holders, and communities struggling to meet the rates established as a result of Biggert-Waters. That's why I am offering a measure which will slow the phase-in for rate increases triggered by a home sale and for properties most dramatically affected by remapping.  Here are my remarks on the Senate floor this afternoon. 
The problems the President decried tonight have grown far worse as a direct result of his policies.  Now he is threatening to double down on those failed policies with unilateral executive fiats that may exceed his constitutional and legal authority.       The President overstated the extent of the economy’s recovery under his policies. In fact, the labor force participation is at its lowest point in 35 years because more and more people have become so discouraged with our dismal job market that they have given up looking for work in the Obama economy. Median family income is down by $2,000 since he took office.  And the very income inequality the President spoke of has exploded under his leadership, so that today there is a wider gap than there was under President Bush and even prior to the Great Depression in 1928.   There are ways to create jobs and a more robust economy where all incomes rise – for women and men, upper and lower income, everyone.  For instance, I have a bill with Democratic Senator Menendez to help small business grow and hire workers.  I support tax reform that would spur economic growth and enable American workers to compete successfully against foreign workers.  From 2007 to 2012, the places that saw median household income grow were predominantly energy producing areas.  Let’s approve the Keystone XL pipeline which would create many jobs for Pennsylvania-based contractors and suppliers and allow the production of oil and gas on more federal lands to diminish our dependence on foreign energy.  I am glad President Obama stressed the need for Trade Promotion Authority tonight.  On a bipartisan basis, we must allow the President to complete trade deals that will open up foreign markets for Pennsylvania exports.  While we disagree on other economic issues, I am reassured that our President remains committed to maintaining America’s role as a global trade leader.   I remain eager to work with the President on this issue and other efforts that will grow our economy.
Great talking with Mayor Bracey tonight in advance of the State of the Union address.
"At a time for leadership and cooperation, the President continues to threaten unilateral executive action instead of offering to work with Republicans and Democrats."
