Enjoyed meeting with several Missouri FFA students from Carl Junction, Pierce City, East Newton, Cassville, & Sarcoxie today.
The "Affordable Care Act" really isn't affordable. The Associated Press noted today that health care costs could increase for low-income workers.
The AP is out with a story today confirming what we’ve been saying all along about President Obama’s health care law. It is going to make coverage unaffordable for everyone, including the very people the President seeks to provide coverage to— low-income workers.
Yesterday we spoke with AARP members at the organization's leadership conference and met with the Arkansas State Director.
NA
I continue to be concerned by data collection efforts that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has undertaken, and many questions about this practice remain unanswered.  The bureau is amassing large amounts of data on consumer spending, including credit cards, mortgages, auto loans, overdrafts and payday loans.  When trust of government is at an all-time low, how can consumers be assured they are being watched out for, and not watched?
Had the opportunity to visit with Trevor Finch, Idaho's Senate Page. Trevor is doing an excellent job and I look forward to seeing him again on the Senate Floor.
PHOTO: Idaho students are in town for the National History Day competition. Can't wait to hear how this group does!
RESULTS increases Border Patrol by 20%, current bill does not increase Border Patrol at all #resultsnotpromises
RESULTS deploys new technologies and equipment to achieve 100% situational awareness of the southern border #resultsnotpromises
RESULTS bolsters economy by supporting port of entry improvements to improve legitimate trade and travel #resultsnotpromises
Read the full text of the RESULTS amendment here:
RESULTS denies legal status to those convicted of domestic violence, drunk driving, and child abuse #resultsnotpromises
Cornyn: "To say that we can’t change it because 8 senators got together & decided what it should be, is preposterous.”
RESULTS appropriates the same amount of funds as the Gang bill & allocates border security funds more efficiently #resultsnotpromises
Trust me, on border security, the Gang of 8 sez, refusing Cornyn trigger amendment that would provide results and not just empty promises.
Glad for the chance to speak to Remington -- a true American patriot on his way to attend the Naval Academy and serve our great nation.   Proud of his stand for the Constitution and thankful for the work of the Liberty Institute to defend him.
Great discussion on how we fight back against the assault on religious liberty in our nation with the Faith & Freedom Coalition this afternoon.
Agree?
Obamacare is delivering alright...but what? More power to the IRS, layoffs, tax hikes, higher unemployment, and higher premiums.
 
 LIKE to deliver a full repeal?
The majority in the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee passed an education bill revamping No Child Left Behind this week.  We very much need to reform the federal role in education, but not by adding more paperwork and Washington requirements, which is what the majority prefers.  For instance, my well-intentioned colleagues proposed adding another federal program specifically designed to help rural schools.  That sounds good, but when we hire more people to administer another Washington program, some of the money that could actually be used out in the field for kids is diluted.  I think we have enough administration in the department of education.
The multi-year farm bill which passed the Senate this week bolsters American agriculture policy and Nebraska’s economy. Read my column to learn more about why I supported this legislation, and how I will continue to work to achieve additional savings by cutting unnecessary spending.
Proud to be named to the Top 5 when it comes to proposed spending cuts in the United States Senate.  I look forward to continuing to fight to cut out-of-control spending.  Please SHARE this if you think Washington has a spending problem.
Majority move to table my border security amendment shows they don’t want 2 vote 2 actually secure border. 2of2
Border Security needs beefed up or 2013 leg. will make same mistakes as ‘86 law. 1of2
April 25 I sent 24Qs to SecNapolitano  asking how immigration bill wld work Legitimate policy Qs 49 days later NO ANSWER Where answers?
Check out this piece from National Review Online.
Proud to honor my friend Dr. Oddone as he retires after eight years of exemplary leadership as director of Fermilab
NA
I commend the hard work of all the local, state, and federal law enforcement authorities who came together to confront another one of #Chicago's dangerous drug gangs.
I joined Senator David Vitter and several other colleagues today in sending a letter to President Obama to announce our opposition to any national monument designations that don't receive approval from Congress.    Unilateral monument designations are a direct affront to democracy. At the very least, Congress should have to approve the designations because the people’s representatives are better situated to know whether or not the citizens of a state approve of or oppose the designation.  Monument designations under this administration deserve particular scrutiny.  After revelations that the IRS targeted political opponents of the president before the last election, we are now hearing that far-left environmental groups are expecting rewards for their support of the president.  Lands are not the spoils of political battles.  How public land can and cannot be used directly affects the local and state economy, and the ability to fund things like education and infrastructure improvements.
If you were unable to attend my tele-townhall last night, you can watch a recording online.  We focused on immigration, and there were a lot of great questions:
My monthly tele-townhall will be starting in just a few minutes.  You can click the link below to participate on Facebook.
President of League of #Kentucky Sportsmen, Mark Nethery, nominated to Udall Foundation Board.
These young men and women may be drowning in the Obama Economy, but it’s not because they’re dumb. Or lazy. Or apathetic. It’s because of policies dreamed up in Washington during the years of the Obama Administration. And as the days go by, these young Americans are discovering just how unfairly Washington Democrats have treated them these past few years.
June is National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) Awareness Month, and I cosponsored a bipartisan U.S. Senate Resolution that passed the Senate on Wednesday to help raise awareness about this issue. PTSD affects thousands of brave men and women in the military who risk their lives to protect our freedom, and it’s important to make certain they get the treatment they deserve. Learn more about PTSD Awareness Month via the link below.
My former intern, West Point Cadet Ahmad Nasir of Anchorage, stopped by my office afternoon for a brief visit. He’s here in Washington, D.C. as part of his achievements as a Harry S. Truman Scholar.  I told him I’d keep an eye out for all the great things his future holds as he begins his career dedicated to our nation through military service.
Parts of the bill I co-sponsored to prevent military sexual assaults and protect victims is being included in this year’s National Defense Authorization Act. This is an important first step in a long process of bringing an end to this problem and I thank the members of the Armed Services Committee for including them – though I must be honest in saying I wish they had added more protective measures to the bill. I will continue to be fully involved as Congress and our military leaders work to correct these problems.
The decision a child makes to drop out of school is not something that just happens overnight, but rather over a long period of time.  It starts with a bad day or a tough subject, and over time turns into major frustration.  Eventually, this student is on the completely wrong path in terms of success.   I have a new bill I hope will keep at-risk kids on track and builds “educational guardrails” to help schools identify those children who are starting to miss the mark.
I have gotten a lot of questions about why I am working on issues other than the controversial, headline-grabbing ones that have popped up recently – and I hear you all.  Being a Senator for our state means fighting a lot of battles on different fronts at once, whether those are big, small or in between.  So while I am demanding answers from the IRS and the NSA and seeking better economic policies for our nation, I also want to work on issues that I know will mean a better tomorrow for Alaskans.  There are no ‘small issues’ when they matter to a family or community or a veteran or a child’s education – though they may not make the cable news tonight.  We live in an enormous and diverse state with a wide range of needs and concerns, and I am committed to represent all them to the best of my ability.
A new audit by the Treasury Department’s Inspector General discovered that the IRS spent nearly $50 million to hold at least 220 employee conferences between 2010 and 2012.
Launching a new monthly series highlighting government waste: Your Tax Dollars…Down the Drain.
Throwback Thursday: Remember when our government abided by the Constitution? #tbt
Today, I offered the following remarks at the Faith &Freedom Coalition Road to Majority Conference in Washington, D.C: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=853 …
"It is very disappointing that the Senate rejected this first step to fixing the border security issue in the immigration bill. If any immigration bill is to pass, the Senate needs to be more serious about securing our border. "  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=852
Great to meet with the kids from FFA today. Good to see agriculture's future leaders getting involved in their Government.
I was so pleased to work with the Dream Factory today to make my friend Daran Wankum's lifelong dream of being a marine come true.  Daran is fighting a courageous battle against brain cancer. We got a chance to swap stories, and talk about his visit with the Commandant of the Marine Corps. Keep up the fight Daran! Semper Fi
Here is more on a bill I introduced today to get rid of the Obamacare exchanges (or "train wreck" according to a key Democrat author of the law) should they not be ready this fall (as promised by the Administration) to serve those in need. My bill will allow us to get to work on a better solution for rising health care costs and the uninsured.
 http://thehill.com/blogs/healthwatch/health-reform-implementation/305343-gop-bill-would-repeal-obamacares-exchanges-if-they-miss-a-deadline
As the senior Marine in the US Congress, I can tell you there is nothing is more desirable than peace across the world. So when Fort Leavenworth's Command and General Staff College graduates 68 international officers from armies all over the world----it is a momentous achievement. These officers represent nearly every culture, every religion in the world and the bonds they have formed with our country, and with each other, during their one year study in Kansas will make unforeseen contributions to the well being of the U.S. and the world. Well done, CGSC. These leaders in their individual countries are better able to cooperate in a complex global environment.
I was honored to receive an award for leadership from the Association of Defense Communities and my good friend Ann Charles of the Great Plains Development Authority in Parsons for our work together on the redevelopment of the Kansas Army Ammunition Plant. Thanks to Ann for all of her hard work over the years.
Rubio: “The bottom line is we can secure the border and ensure that this never happens again, and if we can ensure that it doesn’t cost the American taxpayer by people going on welfare and things like that, then I think it will pass.”
Power Line: "Jeff Sessions, who has tirelessly labored to bring to light what the bill actually says, explained in the Senate today that fewer than ten percent of the many millions of new immigrants who will come to America under the proposed law will be admitted on the basis of merit."
"Reid’s motion to table the amendment passed 57-43, with Gang of Eight Republican Sens. John McCain (R-AZ). Marco Rubio (R-FL), Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Lindsey Graham (R-SC) voting with Reid. Democrat Sens. Joe Manchin and Mark Pryor voted against Reid in favor of border security before amnesty, as did Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH)..."
My regional manager for southwest Pennsylvania, Katelyn King, met with Ultra Electronics in Belle Vernon, Pa. yesterday. Their company helps to modernize encrypted communication systems for the Defense Department, carrying on Pennsylvania's proud tradition of supporting our nation's military.
Great news: Boeing's contract with the Defense Department for 99 V-22 Osprey aircraft saves taxpayers $1 billion. Each will be built in Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
I am pleased and grateful that the Senate has confirmed Judges Nitza Quiñones Alejandro and Jeffrey Schmehl as U.S. District Court judges for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Since joining the Senate, I've worked closely with Sen. Casey to fill Pennsylvania’s judicial vacancies with qualified, experienced judges with unquestioned honesty, ability and integrity. I believe both these individuals meet those requirements.  Judge Quiñones  will sit in Philadelphia and Judge Schmehl will sit in Reading.  Congratulations to both Judge Quiñones  and Judge Schmehl.
NA
NA
Happy 238th Birthday to the US Army! Let's not forget all of the Pennsylvania Soldiers currently deployed.
