We're joining Dave Elswick for a live interview in 15 minutes to discuss Syria. You can listen live at the link below.
In case you missed my post on Syria last Friday, you can read it by following the link below. This was posted prior to President Obama's announcement that he would seek Congressional authorization. I would add that I am pleased that the President has since reversed course in that regard, but the difficult questions posed in here still need to be completely answered to garner my support. As of right now, the administration has not provided sufficient answers to these questions.
Our Ag Tour in the news: read about our visits across the state as we discussed Arkansas's top industry.
Op-Ed: We are fortunate that Idaho is home to extensive hydroelectric resources that offer reliable and renewable energy.  Hydropower is the source of more than 75 percent of Idaho’s electricity generation, and hydropower efficiently and cleanly provides approximately seven percent of the nation’s electricity.  Congress recently passed two pieces of legislation, that I co-sponsored, and the President signed, that will better enable the expansion of this important energy source.  We must continue to seek ways to better utilize hydropower.  According to the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. has the potential for 300 gigawatts of additional hydropower.
Senator Collins was featured in a story on the "Today Show" discussing the need to increase investment in the fight against Alzheimer's Disease.  http://www.nbcnews.com/health/alzheimers-activists-seek-change-face-disease-8C11062057
NA
Dallas Morning News: West’s Signature Festival Reveals Snapshot of Town Life:
Attended WH meeting with POTUS and classified briefing on Syria today.
Killeen Daily Herald: Lawmakers Introduce Bill to Reclassify 2009 Shooting as Terrorism:
Great AEI resource on Syria
KENS 5: Lawmakers to File Bill to Give Benefits for Ft. Hood Victims:
Star-Telegram: West Polkas Past Its Pain, at Least for One Weekend:
NA
Cornyn Calls on President to Address Nation on Syria:
TUNE IN: Today at 2:30 p.m. ET, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will hold a hearing on the authorization of use of military force in Syria. The hearing will feature testimony from Secretary of State John Kerry, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey. Watch live here: http://1.usa.gov/14Vamot.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In an interview on CNN tonight, Senator Corker discussed tomorrow’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on an authorization for the use of military force in Syria. “I think three basic questions are: why is military action in Syria needed at this time, what will it accomplish, and thirdly, how can we sufficiently limit it so we don't get ourselves mired down in another war like Iraq or Afghanistan, or virtually a civil war in this case," said Corker. "As I said to the president and other officials, he's got to use every ounce of energy he has to make the case to the American people." Tomorrow’s hearing is scheduled to begin at 2:30 p.m. ET and will feature testimony from Secretary of State John Kerry, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey. http://bit.ly/17lnFuM
Tonight at 9pm ET on CNN with Wolf Blitzer, Sen. Corker will discuss Tuesday’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on an authorization for the use of military force in Syria.
Meeting with Texas landowners who have been impacted by the federal government's failure to secure our border.
The Rio Grande Valley Partnership wants to get jobs and growth back. That starts with stopping Obamacare. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
FACT: The IRS plans to devote nearly 2,000 IRS bureaucrats to the implementation of Obamacare.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Listen and SHARE for an important update on #Syria and our fight to #DefundObamacare.
I will be in Evanston tonight holding a listening session at the Evanston Roundhouse, Portland Rose Room, 1440 Main Street, from 5-6PM. If you’re in the area, I hope you’ll stop by and share your thoughts and ideas with me.
“I’m not going to support a strategy that has zero chance of success,” said U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham.    Contrary to news reports, he told me that he and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) aren’t yet sold on President Obama’s strategy for Syria.   Without them, Graham said bluntly, there is little chance of a “yes” vote from Congress. “I don’t know if we can carry [the yes vote] over the finish line but I can assure defeat without us.”  Graham is realistic about our current options.   “This is not a yes or no question. It’s about bad and worse,” he observed. “Good and very good are in the rear view mirror.”
She never said"quit"  on fifth attempt she succeeded in swim 103miles Cuba to  Fla. congrats to Diana Nyad
This past Sunday I appeared on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace to outline my opposition to military intervention in Syria. For some reason no one wants to talk about the real serious problem and that is the degraded condition of our military today. The President's current proposal may sound real easy when people like Secretary Kerry say that ‘it is going to be quick and we’re going to go in, we’re going to send a few cruise missiles, wash our hands and go home.’ It doesn’t work that way and this could end up being a war in the Middle East.  http://youtu.be/YeAq06kyoi4
ICYMI: My discussion with Greta Van Susteren about the possibility of U.S. military strikes on Syria.  I am heading back to DC to participate in tomorrow's Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on military intervention in Syria.
This afternoon I met with members of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's (JDRF) Wichita Chapter. JDRF is the leading global organization funding type 1 diabetes research with more than 80 percent of their donations directly supporting research. Thank you for the good work you do.
This afternoon I visited American Maplan Corporation in McPherson to tour the company and learn more about their manufacturing operation. Impressively, Maplan was the second company in Kansas history to earn the OSHA SHARP designation for employee safety, going without an employee accident for more than 11 years. In fact, more than 150 Kansas companies have now received this designation thanks to Maplan's leadership.  After the tour, I held a forum with more than 70 employees and listened to their thoughts on Syria, Obamacare, immigration reform and technical education. Thanks to everyone for your candid thoughts, and to Mayor and former-Congressman Dick Nichols for joining us.
On my way to McPherson, Kansas, today I stopped in Pilsen at the church Fr. Emil Kapaun grew up attending, St. John Nep. Catholic Church.  Father Kapaun has inspired many with his unshakable faith and relentless courage. His story of self-sacrifice is a reminder that the strength of our nation lies within its people.
We also joined the residents of Chapman for their Labor Day parade. Robba and I had the opportunity to ride with Fort Riley Commanding General’s Mounted Color Guard. Before, during and after both parades today I had numerous conversations with Kansans whose sentiments overall were to stay out of Syria and stop Obamacare. Thanks to Phil Weishaar for the invitation to this terrific community event.
I took Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to King Cove to give the residents there a chance to explain directly to her why it’s so critical to build a one-lane gravel road from their community to Cold Bay.  All they want is access to the all-weather airport there.  I hope the Secretary’s eyes were opened by the stories she heard. Beyond direct feedback from those impacted, we also visited the local clinic.  From transporting seriously sick people on fishing boats to waiting weeks for much-needed medicine to arrive, caring for patients at the clinic is made exponentially harder without the road.  They’re Alaskans, so they do the best they can.  But I believe we can help them do better.
I’m glad the Administration is stepping up to present a clear path forward to Congress so that we can make an informed decision on whether, and how the United States uses military force in Syria.  You can watch the Senate hearing live here:
Spoke to The Legal Aid Society of Cleveland today. Very proud of the good volunteer work done and services provided to the underprivileged in need of legal help.
In the Mahoning Valley last night to tour the famous Canfield Fair & get some good input from constituents.
Just a moment ago, I told CNN's Erin Burnett that I would not vote to send my sons, or your sons, daughters, brothers, sisters or friends to fight for a stalemate. WATCH, 'LIKE' AND 'SHARE' if you agree. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw2-G7nWuT4
In case you missed it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWVdXuTYlH8
In 1971, Secretary of State John Kerry famously questioned: “How can you ask a man to be the last one to die for a mistake.” I would ask Secretary Kerry how can you ask a man to be the first one to die for a mistake? That is what he would be doing if the U.S. intervened in the Syrian civil war.   Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.policymic.com/articles/62047/obama-will-not-get-away-with-a-syria-strike-on-my-watch
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is currently holding a hearing on Syria. This serves as the most important decision any Senator must make & it deserves vigorous debate. WATCH the hearing here: http://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/the-authorization-of-use-of-force-in-syria
In case you missed it: On Sunday, I appeared on NBC's Meet the Press to discuss the conflict in Syria.  Click below to watch.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vw7r-Arsynw
Rubio: No Military Action In Syria Without Clear & Achievable Goal: http://1.usa.gov/1a4J281  Rubio: “I remain very skeptical that the kind of attack they’re contemplating, this limited attack, is going to actually achieve that goal of preventing Assad from using chemical weapons in the future.”
NA
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, participated in the official ceremony for the City of Lebanon, Pennsylvania's 10th Street Bridge. This opened the new bridge over Norfolk Southern railroad tracks, connecting the city’s north and south sides. The bridge project has been in the works for nearly 20 years.  About 300 attended the ceremony, hosted by Lebanon Mayor Sherry Capello (holding scissors in photo).
Congratulations to the Reading Buccaneers Drum & Bugle Corps on their wins at the DCA World Championships this weekend!
Know an outstanding high school student interested in public service? The U.S. Senate Youth Program selection process has now begun. Two Pennsylvania students will join 102 other delegates March 8—15, 2014 for the program’s 52nd annual Washington Week – and receive a $5,000 college scholarship. See below for details and good luck!
