NA
I visited the Lander High School metals class October 13. The skills learned in the class, such as welding and design, can be the start for many great careers in high demand jobs. #WyoWorks
I had a great time riding in the University of Wyoming homecoming parade this morning. I think this was the best turnout yet. Excited to watch UW take on San Jose State. Go Pokes!
Stopped by the BOCES military science class at Lander High School October 13. Whether the students follow a family tradition of serving in the military, are the first in their family to join, or choose another career path entirely, the leadership, hard work, and specialized skills learned in this class will provide a strong foundation for their future. #WyoWorks
Learned a lot at Bighorn Divide and Wyoming Railroad in Shoshoni October 13, a shortline railroad that supports critical rail transportation in the state and is owned and managed locally. Thanks to CEO Cliff Root and President Oscar Kelsey for showing Diana and I around their facilities. #WyoWorks
Senator Johnson was delighted to join Pastor Hook and other leadership at True Life Church yesterday in serving local citizens at Waukesha Food Connection.  What an incredible church doing great work in the Waukesha community. Check out some of the photos below that captured the Senators visit.
Happy 75th birthday today to Pro Football Hall of Fame Chicago Bears player & #DaCoach Mike Ditka.
I couldn't let the beauty of a Kansas Fall afternoon go to waste—found one of those roads I like for exercise and thinking. I had a great Saturday visiting with 64 great Kansas kids who want to attend one of the Military Academies followed by inspiration outdoors.
Today, I had the honor of meeting more than 60 students from Kansas at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Library in Abilene as part of my annual Service Academy Selection Day. Students applying for admission to the U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy and U.S. Merchant Marine Academy interviewed with my Selection Board, and the Board provided me with recommendations regarding nominations. This day has always been a favorite of mine because I get to meet some of the best and brightest of Kansas. It also served as a reminder that Kansas produces smart, hard-working, civic-minded people who want to serve their country.  Big thanks to Michelle Kopefer at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Library for hosting us. And, this important process would not be possible without the help of my selection board — community leaders from across the state who take great interest in seeing students succeed.
While Americans were assured that our public health infrastructure was ready to handle Ebola, unfortunately reality has shown we still have a lot of work to do. All options should be on the table to keep Kansans and Americans safe from disease, which is why I support travel restrictions on commercial airline passengers traveling from nations afflicted by Ebola. Travel restrictions will also give us time to make certain our hospitals are procedurally ready to handle Ebola patients. Coordination with the proper agencies to make certain that medical personnel and supplies can still come in and out of West Africa is critical.
October 18th is Alaska Day, commemorating the official transfer of Alaska from Russia to the U.S. in Sitka on this day in 1867 - a day to celebrate our vibrant cultures, interesting history and bright future.  I hope Sitkans and Alaskans across the state enjoy all this day represents.
Like many Alaskans, I've been watching this ebola story develop with growing concern, and I wanted to share my thoughts on where things stand:  Right now I am not certain that we have the protocols in place to ensure the safety of health care workers and that the American public will be safe from any exposure to ebola in this country.  Until we have this certainty, then I think this administration should consider a ban on travel or a restriction on travel from Liberia, Guinea, or Sierra Leone.   Now I don’t believe people should overreact and become paranoid and afraid to leave their homes. I do not believe that we have that to fear in this country, but again, I would like to be able to give Alaskans greater reassurance that in fact we do have a level of safety protocol in place that will ensure that anybody coming to this country or those medical workers that are caring for somebody who may have been exposed, that we can give them that assurance that this horrible disease is not traveling any further, and right now I have not received that from the Administration.
Enjoyed being at The Shoe to see a big Ohio State win today. Go Bucks!
Stopping Ebola will require a comprehensive and proactive response. Read my cleveland.com op-ed for more on my proposals.
