At Monument Construction in Nashua today, Senator Ayotte met with owner Dan Proulx and the management team, toured the building, and met with employees.  Monument started as a three-man operations six years ago, and now employs over 40 individuals.  It's a veteran-owned small business that gives back so much to New Hampshire's veterans community. #AyotteTour
Senator Ayotte visited Axenics' manufacturing facility in Nashua today as part of her "Conversations with Kelly" tour of New Hampshire businesses. Axenics performs high purity welding, tube bending and complex assembly for the aerospace, life science, semi-conductor and renewable energy markets.
Starting today, Senator Ayotte is once again visiting businesses across New Hampshire, meeting with employers, managers, and workers to hear what's on their minds.   It's a continuation of “Conversations with Kelly” – an initiative she launched last summer as part of her ongoing dialogue with Granite State job creators.  Senator Ayotte kicked off the tour at UPS in Nashua this morning.     #AyotteTour
My statement following my discussion with the president on #Ferguson:
It was great meeting 104-year-old Genevieve Tollman and her family this weekend at the Centennial Farm and Ranch Awards in Douglas.  Genevieve and her family celebrated the centennial of their family ranch in Lusk, the Tollman Ranch.
This week, a member of my staff will visit Floyd and Hamilton counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  New Albany-Floyd County Public Library Tuesday, August 19, 2014 2:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. ET 180 W Spring St., New Albany   Westfield Washington Public Library Thursday, August 21, 2014 12:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m. ET 333 West Hoover Street, Westfield
NA
Sen. Collins had a great meeting with Maine Girl Scout Ambassador Madeleine Walker-Elders of Lisbon Falls. They talked about the positive influence of Girl Scouts on young woman.
A nice letter from Caroline Sweeney in support of Sen. Collins' efforts to have Medicare cover continuous glucose monitors for those living with diabetes.  Read the letter below and more about Sen. Collins' efforts here: http://1.usa.gov/YpakVH 
Senator Corker traveled to Lawrence, Madison, Tipton, Shelby, Henderson, Decatur and Davidson counties last week to meet with Tennesseans and provide an update on his work to solve the big issues facing our nation. He also partnered with Google to host “Tennessee Get Your Business Online” events aimed at helping small businesses build and grow their presence online. This week, the senator will continue meeting with Tennesseans throughout the Volunteer State, visiting Hamilton, Sevier, Sullivan, Greene, Knox and Anderson counties.
Why is President Obama selling AMRAAM missiles to Turkey (http://bit.ly/1pWk82O) but blocking Hellfires for Israel?
We are witnessing evil in action in Iraq. #WeAreN
I am hosting constituent listening sessions in Curtis, Lexington, Cozad and Ogallala this week. Hope you can take a few minutes to join the conversation.  For more information including addresses and future listening session dates, visit my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=535034f0-ace4-4d1c-96e3-59f7e0d92b51"
Needed repairs and resurfacing on River Road have been a long time coming. No one knows this better than my neighbors in Cherry County, who have been on the front lines battling regulatory red tape for a decade. As a state senator and Chair of the Transportation and Telecommunications Committee, advancing infrastructure projects like this was one of my top priorities. In 2011, I wrote a bill allowing state officials to "swap funds" with the federal government. This enabled the county government to use cheaper millings for pavement and get this project going. This was a practical solution to address federal regs without earmarks or spending more money. I'm glad to hear this project is finally moving forward. http://www.omaha.com/news/nebraska/why-it-is-taking-a-decade-to-pave-the-rutted/article_6d07dd8c-25a2-11e4-a0e8-0017a43b2370.html?
Our senior military, intelligence, and national security leaders have all stated that ISIL is a direct threat to the United States, and we should delay no further in taking the necessary actions to counter it.
Our visit to Mitchell SD took us also to Sen Geo McGovern Library. It was closed wkends. So barb and I just took our picture beside GeoStatu
Senator Grassley thanks his summer interns and looks forward to getting to know the fall interns.
NA
WallStJournal "we union members oppose new(EPA )anti carbon rules that will cost jobs and endanger the grid" That is electric workers union
60th anniversary.  Now at famous Wall Drug Wall SD
“Minnkota’s new transmission line will help to provide efficient power for our growing communities and economy. This project is a good example of the energy infrastructure investments that we need to build a brighter energy future for our state and our nation.”
“Our transportation infrastructure needs to meet the demands North Dakota’s dynamic economy. Through programs like AIP, we are working to support our businesses and residents as they work to pursue new, diverse opportunities to continue our state’s recent economic growth across sectors, whether it is in aerospace, agriculture, energy or cutting-edge technology.”
Enjoyed visiting Devils Lake today to open new VA clinic.  This new clinic will provide our veterans in the Devils Lake region with access to high quality health care close to their homes.
“For about a decade now, we’ve been working to provide our veterans in the Devils Lake region with a VA medical facility in their community so they have access to health care services closer to home. We appreciate all those who have worked to make this clinic a reality so we can better show our gratitude to the men and women who have served our nation.” 
“We have been working hard to improve infrastructure across North Dakota, and these new DOT grants are helping us achieve our goal of updating our state’s airport so they can meet the demands of the increasing number of businesses and individuals who rely on them to accomplish the work that is driving our state’s economic growth."
Senator Johnson was on Fox News Sunday yesterday where he discussed the situations in #Iraq and #Ukraine. 
Did you know? You can follow my #AugustofAction using an interactive map as I travel our state working for you this month. Check it out: http://kirk.senate.gov/augustofaction
Opinion: Sen. McConnell bill would reduce infant drug addiction cin.ci/VzBEOY via @Enquirer
At Taco John's in Colby, I ran into Mr. And Mrs. Wright from Bird City. I've met the Wrights before, a few year back, and it was good to see them again.
When in Ashland, I ran into Bill Neier of the Stockgrowers State Bank. Bill is a volunteer firefighter and wanted to display a fire truck that Ashland’s Fire Department attained through military surplus. After the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) halted the transfer of surplus military equipment to local governments last month, the Kansas delegation sent a letter to the EPA and the U.S. Army TACOM requesting re-implementation of the use of military vehicles for rural fire departments. The EPA and Defense Logistics Agency reached an agreement to again allow states to acquire this equipment, which plays such a vital role in our rural communities.
The permafrost tunnel here is like a time machine that tells us a lot about our natural history. I definitely made sure it was on our 'to do list' with Energy Secretary Moniz!
We had a great crowd turn out for my town hall meeting in Junction City. We talked about the Army's plans for further force reduction and what it might mean for Ft. Riley and the surrounding communities.
ICYMI: Rubio: Fighting the ‘Convert or Die’ Caliphate in Iraq: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/385679/fighting-convert-or-die-caliphate-iraq-marco-rubio
Politico issued a report today about the White House’s ongoing meetings with representatives for international corporations seeking immigration benefits.  Specifically, these groups met with the White House to discuss how the President’s planned executive actions could boost their finances.  Click on the link to read Sen. Sessions' full statement. An excerpt from Sen. Sessions' statement follows below:  “We have communities throughout America that are barely scraping by. Tens of millions of Americans are on welfare, unemployment, and public assistance. Yet the White House and their Senate Majority seem more concerned about the economic demands of large corporations, or the citizens of other countries, than about getting our own citizens back to work into stable jobs that can support a family and uplift a community.”
Here's a recap of our event honoring Vietnam War era veterans earlier this month. Thank you to all who served--your service and sacrifice will truly never be forgotten.
Great meeting with local pastors in Powdersville this past week!
Pittsburgh will miss friend and former mayor Sophie Masloff.
Go Sarah Go.  
What heart, what determination, and what a comeback.  Great team win by the #TaneyDragons tonight in South Williamsport at the #LLWS2014. Next up: the kids from Vegas on Wednesday night at 7:30 PM!
Wicker Report | Throughout our state, the message is clear: Mississippi’s future is bright. We are leading the way in advanced health-care technologies, agricultural innovation, energy production, job creation, workforce training, and national security tactics. Our strong work ethic and community spirit have helped make the Magnolia State a beacon of free enterprise, commerce, and research.
