Today the House passed Alexander’s legislation requiring the Obama administration to provide weekly reports on the Obamacare exchanges, including easily tracked data such as the number of individuals who have visited the site and the number who have successfully enrolled, their zip code and the level of coverage they’ve obtained.
 
 LIKE or SHARE if—like Alexander—you think Majority Leader Reid should follow the House’s lead and allow the Senate to consider Alexander’s legislation. http://1.usa.gov/1aTM951
"I'm continuing to work with my colleagues to solve this problem by advancing a solution that both parties can support. This is a good faith proposal to pay for a temporary extension of long-term unemployment insurance and reverse unfair military retiree cuts, and there's no reason it shouldn't get a vote on the Senate floor," said Senator Ayotte. 
Good luck, Scotty Lago! NH is rooting for you to make the US Olympic team!
Meeting with Granite Staters at my weekly coffee held every Thursday when the Senate is in session.  
 http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=coffee_with_kelly
NA
Last month I introduced a bill that would consolidate the Department of Commerce and the Department of Labor into a single entity, saving billions of dollars by eliminating duplicative functions. Something that consolidates government is the toughest legislation to get through here in Washington but there is value in fighting for reducing the size of government and cutting federal spending.
For too long, we have ceded our power of the purse, allowing President Obama to set spending priorities. As we have realized all too well, his priorities are often at odds with ours in Arkansas. This is an important first step toward Congress reclaiming its spending authority. While this represents a bipartisan, bicameral compromise, it still contained a number of spending decisions and policy provisions that reflect Arkansas values and help our state.  
On this date 23 years ago Operation Desert Storm was launched. The National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act  recognizes the American troops who were deployed to Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield, while remembering those who made the ultimate sacrifice. These servicemembers deserve this recognition. #natldesertstormmeml
Today is the anniversary of the beginning of Operation Desert Storm. Learn more about our bill to honor our servicemembers who served in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. http://1.usa.gov/1cv0p01 #natldesertstormmeml
On this day in 1991, the White House announced the start of Operation Desert Storm to drive Iraqi forces out of Kuwait. The men and women who served in this operation and Operation Desert Shield deserve a national memorial to honor their service and sacrifice. Read more about the Boozman-Donnelly legislation to authorize construction of a national memorial in our latest column. #natldesertstormmeml 
At today’s Senate Environment and Public Works Committee hearing with EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, I highlighted how excessive EPA regulations are wiping out coal jobs, driving up electricity prices and creating poverty. 
NA
NA
News Release: A bipartisan coalition of senators, including fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch, and I are sending a letter to the leadership of the Farm Bill conference committee requesting that funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) Program be included in the final Farm Bill conference report.  Counties across the country, particularly those containing significant federal landholdings rely on PILT funds as sizable percentage of their budgets.  Many of the same rural counties that rely on programs in the Farm Bill also depend of PILT to sustain their economies and serve their citizens.  Without an extension of PILT, rural counties will struggle to fund the most basic of services such as emergency response, fire protection and law enforcement.
A beautiful picture taken from the U.S. Capitol looking out at the Washington Monument. Photo credit: U.S. Capitol photographers
Sipping Martinis & Plotting Politics Shows How Out of Touch Obama, Senate Democrats Have Become:
Emails make it clear EPA has it out for domestic energy producers. Read more here: 
VIDEO: Cornyn Slams Obama's Abuse of Power on Fox News:
WASH TIMES: Concealed-carry reciprocity loaded in Congress:
We should defund Obamacare and focus our tax dollars on priorities that help Americans, such as restoring full funding for military pensions for the men and women who protect us.
What have the Senate Majority Leader and Senate Democrats done to protect Americans from Obamacare? 
 
 NOTHING!
Thanks to Senator Mark Kirk for sharing this. How do you make a very, very bad deal with #Iran worse?  Make it a SECRET very, very bad deal!
In Texas we take #RememberTheAlamo seriously!
#ThrowbackThursday to President Obama on the campaign trail calling a national debt of $9 trillion unpatriotic. It’s now over $17 trillion. #TBT
More evidence that Ronald Reagan was on to something when he said the most terrifying words in the English language were "I'm from the government, and I'm here to help."
I could not vote for this bill because it spends too much and is full of the same tired gimmicks we’ve seen over the years.
NA
I opposed the omnibus spending bill, which simply delays actual spending cuts for nearly a decade. It also falls short of restoring benefits for all retired military service members. In other words, it's Washington business as usual.
This morning I had the opportunity to question EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on the President’s climate change plan. This far-reaching agenda has caused real economic pain for middle class families while the environmental gains are questionable at best.
Senator Grassley encourages Iowans to show their support for the Renewable Fuel Standard.  The public comment period on the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed rule change ends on January 28.  To voice a concern, visit EPA.gov and leave a comment. 
CongressBudgetOffice gave new cost estimate of my farm payment reforms with GAO info, now SAVES $387 M over 10 years-Increase of $210M
GovChristy fired ppl who shutdown bridge Why isn't the press paying same attention to no StateDept ppl fired responsible for Benghazi
PresObsms wants exports GOOD He wants TradePromotionAuthority GOOD BUT as SenHatch said today neither will happen if PresO isn't engagedDoIt
One of the best displays of sportsmanship and it comes straight out of Reno, Nevada.  http://bit.ly/1aagnT6
“We have substantially reduced federal discretionary spending to address our deficit and debt, and at the same time, set priorities for North Dakota and the American people. This bill makes our nation’s military stronger, our communities safer and our farmers and ranchers more productive, while reducing our spending to pre-2008 levels.”
“Our bill is a sensible measure that not only fixes the COLA reduction for military retirees that was in the budget, but also fully pays for it,” Senator Hoeven said. “In addition, it also pays for the extension in Unemployment Insurance benefits to ensure that we don't increase the nation’s deficit or debt.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-heller-colleagues-introduce-bill-to-fix-military-pension-cola-reductions
Today I had the opportunity to share some world-famous Illinois products and food with the Senate Republican Conference. Illinois is the best state in the Union.   WATCH: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=video&id=970
Local governments receive federal payments under the PILT program to help compensate for the loss of property tax revenue due to non-taxable federal lands within their boundaries.  These funds are used to pay for law enforcement, schools, and infrastructure in states with high concentrations of public land.  The omnibus spending bill spends hundreds of millions of dollars on international climate change programs, but it doesn't fund PILT.  I fully support Senator John Barrasso's amendment which requires the federal government to uphold the promises it has made to public lands states instead of sending the tax dollars of hard working Americans to international climate change programs.
I need your feedback.  Our higher education system has traditionally been a gateway to middle class security and economic opportunity.  While it's true that college has never been for everyone, as we transition from an industrial economy to an information and service-based economy, post-secondary eduction of some kind or other is no longer a luxury for the select few.  Higher education and #CollegeOpportunity need to be at least an option on the table for just about everyone who graduates from high school.  I recently introduced a proposal that will remove many of the barriers that are preventing Americans of all education levels from participating in our higher education system.  While my proposal focuses primarily on our higher education system, I recognize that our entire education system is intricately connected.  I am confident that with your feedback, the proposals I am developing will be stronger.  If you have ideas on how we can improve our education system, I hope you will join this dialogue.
You can still catch the second half of my video tele-townhall that is happening now: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Join my monthly tele-townhall.  It just started: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
“As a proud co-sponsor of this bipartisan legislation, I am pleased that the Accuracy for Adoptees Act is now law. I hear from many Kentuckians who are struggling to adopt children internationally and have requested assistance from my office. This measure will help many of those families by reducing the burdensome red tape and making it easier for them to receive the clarity they need when adopting children internationally,” Senator McConnell said.
NA
Given the Administration’s misrepresentations regarding the readiness of the Obamacare health insurance Exchange, I am extremely concerned about the security of Americans’ personal information in the Exchange. Testimony recently submitted to the House highlights the “shameful” and “minimal” state of privacy and data safeguards built into the Exchange website.  White House opposition to a bill I sponsored last week, the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act, which has passed the House by a wide bipartisan margin, is also very concerning.  Americans deserve to know if the Administration is unwilling to take the necessary steps to adequately secure their private information when using the Exchange website.
Governor Sam Brownback discussed NBAF in his State of the State address last night. Thanks to his leadership and the state's continued support, Kansas will become a research epicenter. The construction of NBAF — a modern, world-class facility — will ultimately create jobs for Kansans providing more opportunities for the talented young men and women who grow up here.
A small victory for rural communities like ours in western Kansas. This legislation makes certain veterinarians are equipped with the tools they need, and is particularly important for those who work in rural ares, conduct field research or respond to emergency situations.
With all this Congressional gridlock-  Mark Udall and I are encouraging bipartisan seating at the State of the Union. Let's show Americans that we can at come together for this important night.  
I am angrier and sadder than ever at the Senate Intelligence Committee's report finding that the Benghazi attack was avoidable and that Americans needlessly died at the hands of terrorists.  The fact that this administration chose to turn a blind eye, see no evil and not add heightened security amid an obvious surge in terrorist activity is a black mark, and no reforms or reconsiderations will bring back the four lives lost.
Introduced a bipartisan bill today to better coordinate law enforcement efforts to bring missing children home. Read more about my legislation here:
Joined Your World with Neil Cavuto today to talk about the need to rein in the two-thirds of federal spending on autopilot. Watch here: 
I commend the KY House for passing House Bill 70 and taking this step forward in restoring voting rights in KY: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1075
We owe it to the men and women who have served in our Armed Forces to protect their livelihood, just as they have protected ours- and the Uphold Our Promise to Veterans Act will do just that.   Read more here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1074
Kansas families have to live within a budget. As taxpayers, they expect the federal government to do the same. Unfortunately, the $1.11 trillion bill to fund the government’s discretionary spending busted the budget caps we set just a few years ago. We keep talking about the need for fiscal discipline, but Congress and the President just cannot seem to get it done.  We should have passed a budget that respected the caps so we could get our country further down the path of debt relief. Because this bill busted the budget and lumped massive spending in more than 1500 pages of federal spending and projects, I voted against the bill, despite the fact it included some very important measures that I personally have labored on for years. For example, the bill included money for the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) in Manhattan. This lab is a national security priority. It will greatly augment the work already done at the biosecurity lab I helped bring to the K-State campus when I first began the effort to make Kansas a leader in food security. I fought for Manhattan to win the multi-state NBAF competition on the merits and have worked tirelessly every step of the way to make NBAF a reality for Kansas. I wish the project had moved in regular order through the vetting of a true appropriations process, but that no longer seems to exist in Congress. That process would have allowed Congress to prioritize spending, and I am confident NBAF would have been at the top of the list.  It gives me no pleasure to vote against a bill that includes an important project into which I have put my heart and soul and many hours of work.  But that vote was necessary to send a signal we can no longer afford unchecked spending as usual.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor and requested the President set the record straight about Benghazi at his State of the Union address. 
Many thanks to Prairie Village Mayor Ron Schaffer and the mayors serving our wonderful cities in northeast Johnson County for their optimistic updates at today's 2014 State of the Cities luncheon hosted by the Northeast Johnson County Chamber of Commerce with Fairway Mayor Jerry Wiley, Merriam Mayor Ken Sisson, Roeland Park Mayor Joel Marquardt, Westwood Mayor John Ye, Mission Mayor Laura McConwell, and Westwood Hills Mayor Paula Schwach.
Learn more and sign up for updates about Senator Rubio's office's Mobile Office Hours for constituent service 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Responds to New Benghazi Report on "Hannity" 
Today, Sen. Sessions questioned EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on her proposed climate regulations that would cost millions of jobs and billions of dollars. Sessions pressed McCarthy on the President’s claims of unexpected warming, and she was unable to support those claims—yet continued pushing for administrative action that would hurt U.S. workers. See the exchange below:
Sen. Sessions just filed an amendment to the omnibus to fix the pensions for all veterans by closing a loophole used to pay billions in free tax credits to illegal immigrants. Sessions previously put forward this amendment and it was blocked by Majority Leader Reid and his Senate Majority Conference. Click below to see video of the Majority arguing that the payments to illegal immigrants should continue, despite the Inspector General for Tax Administration imploring Congress to close the loophole.
After a 50-year War on Poverty, the poverty rates are increasing. Were this a military conflict, we would have changed our strategy decades ago.  Read more here: http://www.mcclatchydc.com/2014/01/15/214643/tim-scott-congress-lone-black.html
The spending measure that I voted for today halts new spending for Obamacare, ensures the nation’s troops receive their paychecks, and enacts the lowest spending levels since 2008.  For too long, Washington has lurched from crisis to crisis, denying Americans and the nation’s job creators much-needed certainty. Funding the government is one way to help encourage this certainty. 
