Senator Ayotte was glad to help kick off the National Council for Behavioral Health's Hill day today and highlight some of her efforts in the Senate to strengthen our nation’s mental health system.  She also enjoyed meeting with Maggie Pritchard, CEO of Genesis Behavioral Health in Laconia, and Roland Lamy, Executive Director of the New Hampshire Community Behavioral Health Association.
Are you following me on Instagram?
I spoke on the Senate floor this morning to call on the Democrat-controlled Senate to allow an open debate and amendment consideration on American energy. The fact that we can’t have energy amendments on an energy bill in the Senate is an embarrassment.
I am pleased that the Senate passed the Kilah Davenport Act tonight and I thank Representative Pittenger for his advocacy on behalf of the family and the abused. I only regret Kilah did not survive to see her issue championed -- God bless her and her family.
As I travel throughout Indiana, many business owners indicate that they are underperforming because of the uncertainties they face. Today I asked Fed Chair Janet Yellen about this uncertainty. 
Students from ABC-Stewart School in Columbus had great questions for me before their Capitol tour on Wednesday.
Thanks to the Indiana NFIB for meeting with me recently to discuss issues affecting the Hoosier small business community 
NA
Our nation’s budget challenges have forced the Army and other branches of the U.S. military to make force structure changes, some of which could affect National Guard units, including the Idaho Army National Guard.  I joined fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch in calling for an independent commission to study proposed changes to the U.S. Army.  This independent panel would analyze Army force structure and policies that impact the size and force composition.  Based upon its findings, the Commission would recommend to Congress the best structure to meet mission requirements in a time of fiscal austerity.  Many Idahoans have contacted me to express their concern that the Army’s current proposals do not adequately consider the national security value and contribution of the Guard and Reserves.  I share their view that this Commission is necessary to ensure that the Army’s fiscal constraints do not compromise our military readiness and capability.  
Mary Dempsey from The Patrick Dempsey Center for Cancer Hope & Healing in Lewiston testified at a Senate hearing today at the invitation of Senator Collins. Here's video from the hearing:
NA
Mary Dempsey, Assistant Director & Co-Founder of the The Patrick Dempsey Center for Cancer Hope & Healing in Lewiston, will testify at the invitation of Senator Collins at a Senate hearing today titled “The Fight Against Cancer: Challenges, Progress and Promise.” The hearing will focus on the importance of cancer research and highlight the progress that has led to significant improvements in the prevention, detection and treatment of cancer.  Mary visited with Senator Collins in her office this morning prior to the hearing.
Cornyn Introduces Measure to Ensure Reliable Access to Drinking Water For North Texans:
Cornyn: Majority Running Senate like a Dictator:
VIDEO - Cornyn: VA Scandals Require Urgency and Accountability:
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 30 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Happy 34th birthday to a fearless leader of faith, Pastor Saeed Abedini.  We pray this year brings you freedom from prison in Iran. #savesaeed
Free the Net: Strong op-ed from FCC Commissioner Mike O’Rielly on the FCC abusing its Sec. 706 authority to try to regulate the Internet...
The pattern of lawlessness by the Obama Administration should concern every citizen, regardless of party or ideology.
All four of my Legal Limit reports documenting the Obama Administration's lawlessness and other abuses of power are available here:
In light of credible evidence that the Department of Justice may have been involved in #IRS targeting, Attorney General Holder should revisit appointing a special prosecutor:
Conservative media must NOT be silenced with unfair, politically-driven FEC rules.
Too bad our government's pork problem isn't as cute as this fella.
President Obama said he was outraged about the #IRS scandal, but hasn't done anything about it. The Senate must act. #MakeDCListen
With Honor Flight Arizona at WWII Memorial. 100 year old veteran Arnold Schroeder tells his remarkable story. #HonorFlight
NA
My Phoenix staff is holding office hours TODAY in Prescott and Prescott Valley. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency or if you just want to get a message to me.  PRESCOTT 8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m Prescott City Hall 201 South Cortez Street Prescott, AZ 86303  PRESCOTT VALLEY 2:15 p.m. - 3:15 p.m. Prescott Valley Town Hall 7501 East Civic Circle Prescott Valley, AZ 86314  For more information contact my Phoenix office at (602) 840-1891
In a hearing today before the Senate Agriculture Committee, Senator Grassley urged the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture to use his authority to make changes to stop the abuse of the farm program which enables 10 percent of the wealthiest farmers to receive 70 percent of the benefit from the farm program.
Here is Charles’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
In a Senate Ag Committee hearing today, I invited Secretary Vilsack to North Dakota. The secretary needs to hear firsthand from farmers and ranchers during the new farm bill’s implementation process to get their input. He also needs to hear their concerns about conservation compliance and the EPA’s proposed Waters of the United States rule, which could impose burdensome requirements on producers.
Good meeting today with North Dakotans Burt Pfiger and Burdell Johnson to discuss their ongoing work with American Sheep Industry.
Had good meeting today with the North Dakota Guaranty & Title Company.
I am proud that the Senate united behind our resolution to demand the immediate, safe return of the Nigerian school girls and to oppose these human-rights violations. I remain confident that we can continue to be united in our commitment to bring these girls home and the many more that are trafficked around the world. Human life is invaluable and must be protected. #BringBackOurGirls http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/senate-passes-bipartisan-resolution-condemning-abduction-of-nigerian-school-girls 
Congress must pass a long-term surface transportation bill; while Secretary Foxx's proposal is not perfect, it launches a necessary discussion between the Obama administration and Congress on the need to find a long-term, bipartisan solution to address the growing infrastructure crisis in our country. http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/capitol_report/dc-report-inhofe-on-board/article_ed6568b9-9c21-56de-b83c-d15625df66d7.html   
Yesterday, Congressman Markwayne Mullin  and I sent a letter to the VA Sec. Eric Shinseki requesting a meeting to discuss why the VA reversed its decision to build a Community-Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) in Idabel, Okla. The VA department once stated the clinic would “greatly improve access to care in this area, serve more Veterans, and improve patient satisfaction.” Since then, the VA has reversed its decision to establish the clinic and Oklahoma veterans deserve an answer as to why.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-mullin-push-va-on-idabel-outpatient-clinic
Retweeted Close Up Washington (@CloseUp_DC):  Thank you to @SenRonJohnson for meeting with #CloseUpDC Students from WI on their #HillDay! http://t.co/KwCLiG2GNF
An outrage: No additional military assets were immediately dispatched to help the endangered personnel in Benghazi. http://t.co/QQ51hjluS9
If you had been in Hillary Clinton’s shoes, would you have been compassionate? Watch Sen. Johnson on Jansing & Co. earlier this morning.
I'm on MSNBC's @JansingCo now to talk about Ukraine and getting to the bottom of the Benghazi debacle.
I'll be on MSNBC's @JansingCo in a few minutes to talk about Ukraine and getting to the bottom of the Benghazi debacle.
#Illinois charter school students are 26% more likely to enroll in college. I just introduced legislation to expand high-quality public charter schools so Illinois students can compete globally: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1071
Honored to receive National Alliance for Public Charter Schools Champion for Charters award. I'm fighting for #Illinois students. #CharterSchoolsWeek
This is a wide-ranging interview with Philip Klein, where we discuss several aspects of my conservative reform agenda.  We had a great discussion where we were able to explore many aspects of this agenda in depth.  I appreciate the feedback I have received for these proposals, and I invite you to let me know what you think.  You can comment below or share your responses here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/conservative-reform-agenda 
Today, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary was notably absent from the Senate Appropriations Hearing on the Fiscal Year 2015 HHS Budget Request. While I appreciate the expertise and experience of the panel of witnesses, none of them could testify to the overall strategy or management of HHS, and why specific funding recommendations were made. My colleagues – who have been here longer than I have – tell me that no one can remember another time a cabinet secretary failed to testify before their Appropriations subcommittee.
What the people of King Cove are asking for is so simple, so basic and yet it's being denied because of a decision putting waterfowl over humans - it's not right.  And I'm going to keep talking about it because the safety and lives of Alaskans are not up for negotiation.
Three generations of Redingtons came out yesterday for a great event!  Here's Joe Redington Jr. and his family at the Mat-Su School District groundbreaking ceremony for the Joe Redington Sr./Jr. High School.
Had the chance to meet Ohio Northern students at my Buckeye Coffee this morning. If you're in DC this summer, I hope you'll stop by our weekly coffee.
Tonight at 6pm ET, I’ll be joining Generation Opportunity for a Google Hangout on protecting your civil liberties.   Tune in HERE: bit.ly/RandChat
This morning, #GOP held the 1st practice of the season. Looking forward to this year's #CongressionalBaseballGame!
"Soldier who lost leg in Afghanistan vowed ‘I will return.’ This is what it took to get back."  MUST-READ: http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/soldier-who-lost-leg-in-afghanistan-vowed-i-will-return-this-is-what-it-took-to-get-back/2014/05/01/36af6e3c-b3ae-11e3-8cb6-284052554d74_story.html
Today I sent a letter signed by the Republican Members of the Senate Finance Committee to IRS Commissioner Koskinen calling for a full accounting of IRS performance awards and bonuses given to employees that willingly broke the tax laws they are tasked with enforcing. Read the letter here: http://goo.gl/hcr5bP
Rubio Discusses Russia Sanctions, Ukraine with FOX News' Neil Cavuto
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses the situation in Ukraine on CNN
Secretary Sebelius's Blatant Disregard for Accountability on Full Display
New chart from the Senate Budget Committee: "Working-Age Population Has Grown By 8 Million Since 2007, But Half A Million Fewer People Are Employed"
Big day tomorrow! Looking forward to talking tourism with a South Carolina witness in a Travel & Tourism Committee Hearing, and then questioning the President's HHS Nominee Sylvia Burwell in Senate HELP Committee.
Great visit with students from Carlisle's U.S. Army War College. #LandPower
PA is #RedcayStrong!
Thanks to Karen Moyer, wife of Jamie Moyer and co-founder of The Moyer Foundation, for the update on the terrific work being done on behalf of kids!
My wife Kris & I will be serving up her baked honey raisin brie at tonight's March of Dimes Gourmet Gala. Looking forward to it! #delicious
It's appalling that 200+ Nigerian girls are being sold into slavery. If we can help, then we should. #BringBackOurGirls
The number of military suicides each year is heartbreaking. Service members and their families should not have to wait for critical mental health assistance.  The Sexton Act would immediately put into practice steps to give members of our military the help they need in a safe and private manner.  These men and women sacrifice so much for our country and deserve our full support.  Senator Joe Donnelly and I are committed to seeing this bill enacted into law.
