Senator Ayotte released the following statement regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs patient access audit released today, which found that more than 57,000 veterans are currently waiting for appointments at VA facilities across the country.  The report indicated that the VA Medical Center in Manchester and the VA hospital in White River Junction, both of which serve New Hampshire veterans, are not among those flagged for further review and investigation.  “No veteran should have to wait more than 90 days for an appointment, and New Hampshire veterans should be given the choice of seeing a private provider so they don’t have to wait in line or be forced to travel hours to seek care,” said Senator Ayotte.  “The bipartisan VA reform legislation being crafted in the Senate will help address the systemic, nationwide problems detailed in the audit released today, and I’m hopeful the Senate will quickly take up this legislation once it’s finalized to make sure veterans can get the timely care they deserve.”
It is inexcusable that our veterans are facing delayed or inadequate care. I am committed to fighting for you, and ensuring that our veterans and their families receive the care they need and deserve. If you or someone you know has been affected by insufficient treatment by your #VA, please share your story with me. #VAaccountability 
It's great to be back at work in Washington. Thank you for your prayers, support and encouragement over the past few weeks. You can follow my first week back on Instagram at: http://instagram.com/johnboozman
A beautiful tribute to Barbara Bush on her 89th birthday.
Cornyn Statement on Release of Internal VA Audit:
Americans need to know how the Obama Administration thinks it has made our nation safer by negotiating with terrorists to release these five dangerous terrorist leaders.  Until President Obama can make his case and convince the American public that this swap was in our national interest, prudence dictates that all further transfers and releases from Guantanamo Bay should be off the table: http://1.usa.gov/1uNk8nx
More reasons for #FullRepeal: Obamacare crowding the ER, reducing doctors, increasing wait times, and more. Read the latest:
Accountability must accompany reform if we are to restore faith in #VA. Last week, I joined a bipartisan coalition of 21 senators to renew the call for a DOJ criminal investigation.
My thoughts and prayers are with the men and women of the LVMPD. I would also like to extend my sympathy to the families of the police officers who gave the ultimate sacrifice while serving this community, as well as the loved ones of the innocent civilian whose life was also lost. As so many unanswered questions remain, Las Vegas and the people of Nevada join you in mourning yesterday’s tragic events.
“We worked hard to pass a strong farm bill that provides our farmers and ranchers with good options for managing risk. I am asking Secretary Vilsack to use his authority to ensure that SCO is available to all of our eligible producers on time so they have the certainty they need to plan for the coming crop years.”
“We need to do all we can to ensure that growing communities across North Dakota, and especially in western North Dakota, have the support they need to maintain the high quality of life we expect. We’re working to ensure that we have affordable, quality housing for our families and that our law enforcement officials have the resources they need to keep our communities safe.”
Unintended consequences of government help: Making life harder for young teachers. http://t.co/y4KamqJcW0
Senator Johnson joined a congressional delegation to Ukraine, Poland, Bulgaria and Romania over the weekend. Here are some pictures from his visit
The unintended consequences of ample student lending.  http://t.co/JEcbFjEo14
No one told the aspiring teacher to look before borrowing. They did her a disservice. http://t.co/YHSsxRACaD
We deserve to know what #VA found in audit – falsified wait times for #Illinois #veterans are unacceptable.
Today, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) released a "Nationwide Access Audit" on quality and access to care for our nation's veterans. The latest findings are the result of a so-called nationwide audit conducted by VA employees through face-to-face interviews — far from a comprehensive assessment and sincere look at the magnitude of the dysfunction at hand. In fact, the Office of Inspector General wasn’t involved whatsoever and those conducting the audit did not utilize the same practices and procedures as the IG. If this cursory investigation discovered thousands of veterans who have yet to receive care, I have no doubt these numbers only scratch the surface of the problems plaguing veterans. While more than 3,772 VA staff were interviewed, I’d like to know how many veterans themselves — if any — were interviewed. Let’s ask our veterans if they are satisfied with the quality of care that they’re receiving and let them be the judge of whether or not good things are happening at the VA. I expect to learn more about these delays and unauthorized lists, and will continue to engage with VA leaders directly until this situation is resolved.
Not only was it a beautiful blue sky day in Eklutna, but I also was able to present the American flag to Lee Stephan, President of the Native Village of Eklutna, at the Eklutna PowWow.  Thanks to everyone for the great event!
I joined CNBC's Squawk Box this morning to discuss the need for tax reform to keep jobs here at home.   http://youtu.be/xFoFpW8AtHw 
I'm proud of our Kentucky farmers.  WATCH: http://vimeo.com/68389023
Rubio Comments On Obama’s Student Loan Announcement: http://1.usa.gov/1keuzIR  “President Obama has correctly identified burdensome student debt as one of the greatest threats facing our economy. The ever-growing cost of college and skyrocketing student debt means that millions of young Americans will have a harder time achieving the American Dream. The solution is to dramatically expand how Americans can access higher education and allow for new ways to pay for it.   “The President’s proposal to expand the existing income-based repayment program may be welcome news for young Americans struggling with the cost of student loan debt. However, it builds on a system that is already too complicated and hard to access. Moving forward, a better approach is the bipartisan proposal I am drafting with Senator Mark Warner. It would end the confusion and hassle by automatically enrolling students into one unified income-based repayment plan. Our plan will be more fiscally responsible for both taxpayers and students than what the President has done unilaterally. Rather than simply taking executive action, I urge the White House to look at our bipartisan plan.   “The President is also calling for the Senate to pass Senator Elizabeth Warren’s student loan legislation, which does nothing to address the growing costs of higher education and puts taxpayers on the hook for billions of dollars of existing loan debt. During this week’s Senate debate, l look forward to offering alternative higher education reform ideas that will make higher education more affordable and accessible for young Americans.” 
Click below to read Sen. Sessions new op-ed on the border crisis.
VIDEO: I traveled across the state last Friday to listen to our veterans.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fEzfSHUtso&feature=youtu.be
If veterans can't get adequate service at the #VA, they should be free to choose a non-VA hospital. 
Thanks Senator Bob Menendez, for working with me on this. #bipartisan
The gross mistreatment of many of our nation’s veterans is inexcusable. This situation demands the full attention of the Attorney General and the Justice Department. Those responsible must be held accountable.
The CHOICE Act would allow families more flexibility and give them a greater role in shaping their children’s educational development. This is a significant step toward making high-quality education available to students who otherwise wouldn't have a say in their educational futures.
Wicker Report | I opposed President Obama’s first cap-and-trade effort, and I remain committed to fighting this latest attempt to issue burdensome, job-killing EPA regulations.  
