ICYMI: Ramsey Cox’s article in the Hill: “GOP senators demand answers from White House on ObamaCare promotion.” Cox writes, “Thirty-nine Republican senators demanded answers from the White House on why unrelated federal agencies are spending funds to help implement and promote ObamaCare. ‘At a time federal agency budgets have been tightened by the sequester and the White House has warned of cuts to basic programs, I would like to know how 21 agencies, such as those overseeing agriculture and education, would have the taxpayer dollars to implement and promote the new health care law — an activity outside of their missions and an expense not authorized by Congress,’ Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) said Friday. “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree—“Obamacare is unraveling, and it should be dismantled.” http://bit.ly/17pa0Dz
Today's Foster's Daily Democrat editorial on Senator Ayotte's call to improve federal role in fishing regs
During a stop in my Boise regional office, I was able to visit with the summer interns, David and Max. I appreciate all the help they have provided during their time in the office. #idpol
Weekly Op-Ed: I have long been a proponent of fair access to public lands because the Americans people pay for the upkeep of our federal lands.  Almost a century ago, Congress enacted legislation enabling Americans to build recreational cabins on certain lots of federal land in exchange for an annual fee.  Since that time, families have built cabins and enjoyed our nation’s forests for many generations.  However, cabin users continue to face rising fees due to challenges with appraisals accounting for the unique restrictions placed on cabin users in national forests. That is why I joined a handful of my colleagues in introducing the bipartisan Cabin Fee Act of 2013 that would establish an uncomplicated, equitable and predictable fee system.
Cornyn: Cancel All Contracts With Russian Firm Arming Assad:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Someone to Speak For and Protect Sexual Assault Victims:
Proud to join several of my Senate colleagues in defending religious liberty. The First Amendment does not require the public square to be scrubbed of all religion. We hope the Court will correct this issue and confirm the principle of religious freedom that has been the norm since the founding.
In case you missed my latest e-newsletter, read the Monthly Record for July here and sign up so you can receive next month’s update!
I’m looking forward to returning home to travel across Nebraska for the month of August. This is a great opportunity for me to hear your concerns in person and engage in a substantive discussion about important topics affecting Nebraskans’ daily lives. Please check out my public event schedule in this week’s “Note from Washington”.
Happy birthday to my good friend and fellow Nevadan Brian Sandoval! #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
NA
Looking forward to hosting US Interior Secretary Sally Jewell in North Dakota this week. The comprehensive, states first approach to energy development we’ve pursued with Empower North Dakota over the past decade has helped to produce the lowest unemployment rate and the fastest growing income in America, as well as record surpluses to meet the priorities of the people of North Dakota. We’re bringing Secretary Jewell to the state to show her that the nation can do the same to create jobs, economic opportunity and energy security and independence for the American people.
Farmers know better than the #EPA. Our bill requires farmer input on EPA regs.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=833
Share if you agree with this Tribune editorial that the Senate should act now to strengthen sanctions against #Iran.
Some opponents of defunding ObamaCare point to a report from the Congressional Research Service that claims a government shutdown would not defund ObamaCare. This report answers a question no one is asking. We all know the government will be funded. The question is whether or not we fund ObamaCare.  Congress controls the power to appropriate funds, so defunding ObamaCare is simple.  The House can add language to the next spending bill, known in Washington as a "continuing resolution," that says Congress will fund all the functions of government — the military, veterans benefits, Social Security, entitlement programs, etc. — except ObamaCare.  After the House passes that bill, Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., and Senate Democrats will have a choice: Fund the government or shut it down to protect ObamaCare.  The only responsible choice now is to protect the country from ObamaCare's looming disaster, start over and finally begin work on real health care reform that works for everyone.
I made a visit to Minneapolis this morning to check on the reopening of the Post Office which was shut down on July 7 after the collapse of the Parker House Hotel right next door. For the last few weeks, residents have had to travel long distances to pick up and send mail, and they could not even buy stamps locally. I’m so glad to see this community post office open for business. The visit also gave me a chance to walk downtown and hear from folks. The Ottawa County Commission was meeting at the Courthouse and I appreciated my conversation with Commissioners James Kay, Kathy Luthi Karen Brumbaugh.
The accidental tourist. I'm on the fast ferry Fairweather out of Sitka after we were weathered out of Juneau this morning. It's a fabulous day on the water!
I'm happy I was able to spend some time with my friend General Stephen Hoog at his farewell BBQ on J-BER last night before he leaves our state to become the new Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force.  I know so many Alaskans join me in wishing him well on his new chapter in life.
Joined Senate colleagues in urging President Obama to not back down on opposition to Iranian nuclear program.
Rubio Defends Legislative Prayer From Assault By Liberal Activist Court: http://1.usa.gov/1cr1QBT
Sessions will be LIVE with Sean Hannity at 5:00 PM ET / 4:00 PM CT to discuss immigration. You can listen live here:
Joined 38 of my colleagues in demanding answers from the White House on why unrelated federal agencies are spending funds to help implement and promote Obamacare.  http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/315295-gop-senators-demand-answers-from-white-house-on-obamacare-promotion#ixzz2b6ncp49N
Important column by Salena Zito regarding the outbreak of Legionnaires' at the Pittsburgh Veterans Hospital.  The VA must address this issue. http://goo.gl/aRGiHF
WICKER REPORT | Classrooms across Mississippi will soon be bustling with students as the new school year gets underway.  Preparing these young minds for success is a critical investment.  With more jobs requiring advanced skills, the educational foundation of today’s students will shape their future livelihoods.  Likewise, keeping our state and country competitive demands a qualified and ready workforce.
