Sen. Alexander today introduced the Tennessee Wilderness Act of 2013, which would preserve nearly 20,000 acres in the Cherokee National Forest. Alexander said: “This legislation takes important steps toward protecting our natural heritage, and gives the millions of people who visit Tennessee each year an additional reason to come and enjoy our outdoors.” http://1.usa.gov/18h63DM
Today Sen. Alexander congratulated Volkswagen on the fifth anniversary of its announcement of plans to come to Chattanooga, saying: “The Chattanooga-Volkswagen relationship has proven to be the ideal marriage, bringing together a central location, a strong Chattanooga workforce – and all of this in a state driven by pro-growth policies that welcome rather than discourage business.” Photo: Then-six-year old Max Page—of 2011 Volkswagen Super Bowl commercial fame—talks with Sens. Corker and Alexander during the May 24, 2011 grand opening of the Chattanooga Volkswagen factory (VW Media Services).
Merrimack's Troop 424 stopped by to say hello to Senator Ayotte on Capitol Hill today.  They're in the nation's capital this week for the 2013 National Scout Jamboree.
NA
“Obamacare needs to be put on hold.”   Chicago Tribune’s editorial board calls for a delay of #Obamacare. Click below to read.
The Russellville Courier published this story about one of our summer interns. We're looking for interns for our Arkansas offices for the fall semester from August 26-December 6. To be eligible interns must have completed 2 years of college work and must receive school credit. You can find more information on our website boozman.senate.gov
Today I visited with Sgt. Lucas Oppelt of Mishawaka during the Yellow Ribbon Fund Golf Classic for Injured Service Members at Army Navy Country Club in Arlington, Virginia. Oppelt, an Army combat medic with the 82nd Airborne Division, lost his foot in an improvised explosive device blast in Afghanistan in 2012.
 
 It was an honor to visit with Sgt. Oppelt and thank him in person for his remarkable service to our country. The cost of war greatly impacts a soldier and his family. I am inspired by men like Lucas who have sacrificed more than a country could ever ask and continue to overcome challenges.
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: Recently, Idahoans have been contacting me to share their concerns with the Common Core Standards and the federal government’s overreach in education.  Click below to read my op-ed on the subject this week.
PHOTO: Great meeting with Mayor Brian Loughmiller and officials from McKinney:
"Cornyn signaled that the floor fight over Jones may turn into a proxy debate over gun rights:"
In a Letter to the Editor of the Wall Street Journal today, Andrew Davidson, a prominent mortgage investor and advocate for structural housing reform, called the Corker-Warner housing finance reform plan a “well thought out and balanced proposal” that “represents a substantial improvement over the prior system and will transform the mortgage market from one of private gain and public risk to one of private risk and public gain.”  Read Davidson’s entire letter here: http://on.wsj.com/11QrjRk
It is critical we champion legal immigration. This Gang of Eight bill doesn't do that, fails to fix the problem, and encourages more illegal immigration.
 
 It must be stopped.
Obamacare is a colossal mistake and the time to act is now.  I've introduced a bill to defund it.
If the majority in the Senate uses the nuclear option to weaken the filibuster, they weaken the Senate itself. A weak Senate is more susceptible to the demands of a smaller majority and any president. What the Senate majority is considering would be incredibly short-sighted.
Let’s set the record straight on the student loan issue: The higher interest rate of 6.88% only applies to NEW loans and goes in part to pay for health care because of a provision the majority wrote in ObamaCare. If you currently have a student loan, the terms were set when you first got your loan and those do not change. The Democrat’s student loan plan that was defeated recently would not have helped anyone currently with a loan. It would have lowered the rate for 40 percent of new loans, for a single year. It would kick the can down the road once more and leave 60 percent of students stuck with a higher rate. We can do better and that’s why I support finding a permanent solution to this problem and not a short-term fix. Click the link to hear my floor speech on the issue.
Report Reveals Doctors Over-Referring Patients for Financial Gain
Congrats2 Floyd Hammer&Kathy Hamilton, Union IA Named 5000th Point of Light 4 Xceptional volunteerism.They help feed kids in 14 countries+US
“By getting RMA to acknowledge that 2012 cannot be disqualified for the one in four rule due to weather conditions statewide, we’ve brought common sense to the determination of who is eligible for prevented plant this year. It’s important now that we get some clarity on the rule going forward.”
“After more than 90 days of our airmen being grounded due to sequestration, the announcement today by the Air Force is welcome news. If recent reprogramming measures can put our pilots back in the air, I fully expect the Air Force can also find a way to also end furloughs for this fiscal year. Today’s announcement proves the military’s pain from sequester could have been mitigated all along had my bill to give flexibility to the Department of Defense been rightfully considered. Instead, the President chose politics over the needs of our warfighters and issued a veto threat of my bill, focusing his effort on shirking responsibility rather than providing the budget flexibility his commanders have repeatedly requested.”  Read my full statement on Air Force Announcement here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-air-force-announcement-calls-for-end-to-furloughs
Just met with Samantha Power looking forward to a strong partnership to advance #HumanRights in #Iran & free dissidents like #NasrinSotoudeh.
Americans are becoming increasingly concerned about Obamacare as they find out that the promises that were made about this legislation are turning out not to be true.
Should the federal government have to pay local property taxes on the hundreds of millions of acres of land that it owns?
Congrats to Fort Riley Middle School for being selected as the 2012-2013 School of the Year by the National Association of Middle School Principals and Lifetouch. The selection criteria was based on efforts to promote academics, demonstrate improvement in discipline and attendance, and support of students’ academic achievement. I’m pleased the faculty and staff are being commended for their dedication and especially for supporting the military population of students whose parents serve our country.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense: negotiations on student loan interest rates continue, Labor-Health-Education Appropriations Markup, the House passes a Farm Bill and more.
It was great to speak with students, teachers and parents Bennington High School when they stopped by the U.S. Capitol during a trip to Washington, D.C., last week. I was impressed by their engaging questions and stories, and as always appreciated the good dose of Kansas common sense.
In case you missed it, click the link below to hear me discuss the House-passed farm bill and my efforts with Sen. Pat Roberts to address the availability of emergency haying and grazing of Conservation Reserve Program lands with the Kansas Ag Network's Kelly Lenz.
NA
"Lawmakers tasked with overseeing national security policy say a pattern of misleading testimony by senior Obama administration officials has weakened Congress’s ability to rein in government surveillance."
"The United States has cut off weapons aid in the past after military officers overthrew civilian governments in the Ivory Coast, the Central African Republic, Fiji, Honduras and Mali. In Egypt, however, where the regimes are constantly changing, our foreign-aid policy never does."  Click here to read my entire op-ed: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/12/the-coup-that-isnt/
After Senator Rubio's op-ed, FOX News talks Blue Angels season cancellation: http://1.usa.gov/11R6e9t
NA
Sessions: “We come here today with a message for Congress: we need an immigration policy that serves the American worker and taxpayer. We need an immigration policy that creates higher wages—not lower wages. We need an immigration policy that helps promotes upward mobility and financial independence. We need an immigration policy that helps our struggling citizens find good-paying jobs that can support their families and lift up their communities.”
NA
NA
"There's no promise, there is no likelihood in my view of serious enforcement. So I think the magnet, the incentives for people to continue coming when they get legalization, remains. And... there's a huge increase in immigration in that bill, two to three times the number of immigrants over the next decade as over the last decade. And that is bad for working class and middle class wages and economic opportunity in this country. And I think that's something Republicans need to get serious about."
Sessions spoke today at the DC March for Jobs rally against the Senate immigration bill. He emphasized the bill's negative impact on workers.
Excerpt from Sessions' speech to Young Republicans in Mobile:  “Speaking in an aircraft hanger adjacent to the decommissioned USS Alabama, Sessions drew a clear and damning line between the increased importation of low-skilled workers that the Senate bill would effect, and stagnating wages and high unemployment for current Americans…the senator rejected outright the claim that Republicans must acquiesce to the Senate’s desired reform package in order to stay electorally viable. On the contrary, Sessions argued, Republicans should fight for the working class that the Democrats have abandoned. That is the way back to power.”
Congratulations to our former intern Brooke Mosteller, our new Miss South Carolina! #southcarolina  http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20130715/PC16/130719648/1177/miss-mount-pleasant-brooke-mosteller-having-fun-as-new-miss-south-carolina
I'll be on with NewsRadio Kdka's Mike Pintek at 1:05 today to give an update from Washington. I hope you'll tune in:
Grateful to Lancaster teens Temar and Chris for their courage in rescuing this little girl. Thank you. I'm relieved to know she is safe.
MLB's Tribute for Heroes program will be recognizing vets from across the nation at this year’s all-star game, including NEPA native Sgt. John Belcher. John is a U.S. Marine and veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Congratulations to John and all our veterans being honored.
WICKER REPORT | Finding a way to curb the drastic spike in student loan rates should have been an easy bipartisan win.  Republicans, Democrats, and the White House agree that students and families deserve lasting reform – not annual showdowns in Congress every time the student loan rate is scheduled to rise.  A group of Senate Democrats, however, continues to choose the path of most resistance, blocking long-term measures in favor of a shortsighted, band-aid approach.  Click the link below to read more.
