Stay safe out there Hoosiers! I am enjoying a weekend back home but everyone I speak with agrees that we've had enough snow for awhile. 
Today, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) released its final rule to again wrongfully exclude white potatoes from the Women, Infants and Children (WIC) nutrition program.  USDA is ignoring legislation requiring the inclusion of white potatoes in the WIC program, and I am deeply frustrated with this announcement.  White potatoes are a healthy nutritional option and I will work with my colleagues to reverse this ban by the agency.
Had a great visit at United High School in Laredo yesterday and got the chance to learn about their new curriculum to prepare students for careers in the energy sector.
Vladimir Putin is seizing a neighboring territory - again - so President Obama must lead a meaningful, unified response with our European allies to bring an immediate halt to these provocative Russian actions, which threaten international peace and security. The Russian government has felt free to intervene militarily in Ukraine because the United States, along with Europe, has failed to make clear there would be serious, potentially irreparable consequences to such action. The United States and our European allies should immediately bring to bear all elements of our collective economic strength to stop Russian advances in Ukraine. Congress will consider targeted sanctions against Russian persons and entities that undermine the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine.
The situation unfolding in Ukraine right now is a harsh lesson that no matter how great the victory, we must never rest on our laurels. After the United States won the Cold War and the Soviet Union ceased to exist in 1991, many on both sides of the aisle believed that the Soviet threat to freedom was a thing of the past and that the new, democratic Russia would be a reasonable partner and even an ally.   The events of the last seventy-two hours demonstrate this is not case. Vladimir Putin barely waited for the flame of the Olympic torch in Sochi to be extinguished before he turned his attention to crushing the most recent attempt of the Ukrainian people to move towards freedom and the West. Despite warnings and expressions of concern from the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the National Security Advisor, the Ambassador to the United Nations and even the President of the United States, Putin apparently feels he can act with impunity in what he considers to be his exclusive sphere of influence.   He has good reason to do so. Over the five years of his presidency, President Obama has done nothing to help the people of Georgia reclaim the some 20 percent of their sovereign territory that was violated by the 2008 Russian invasion, instead instructing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to attempt to “reset” the relationship with Russia in the hopes of pursuing more arms control agreements rather than forcefully defending American national security interests, and those of our allies.    This evening, President Obama spoke about his deep concerns about reports of Russian military action in Ukraine, and urged Putin not to violate international laws. But as the President and his national security team are apparently the last to learn, Putin has scant regard for international norms when they run counter to his goal of re-establishing Soviet-style regional hegemony over unfortunate states like Georgia and Ukraine who have the temerity to want a more free, prosperous future for their people. And Putin is under no illusions that the President’s vague threats mean any more than his infamous ‘red line’ in the Syrian desert.   If we were serious about standing up to Putin’s power grab, we would immediately suspend Russian membership in the Group of Eight (G-8), which should consist of nations that can contribute to a civilized order. And if the Russians persist in this aggressive action, we should look into additional measures such as suspension from the World Trade Organization and even the United Nations Security Council.   The United States stands with Ukraine.
In honor of the 147th anniversary of the founding of Nebraska, I released a new video illustrating why Nebraska is home to “the Good Life.” Join me in celebrating our proud, shared heritage and tradition by watching the video and sharing it with friends and family!
The United States has been a beacon for democracy in the world, and I urge President Obama to not take a back seat to the U.N. and to step forward with a plan for how the United States can support our friends in Ukraine.  I was just in Georgia shortly before the Olympics, and their government officials told me they fear Russia would further invade them next. This is why the United States must be vigilant. Russia's decision to invade in the midst of Ukraine establishing a new government is a reminder why America must be careful of who we align ourselves with in a world with ever increasing dangers. We must respond urgently and wisely with a plan of support, thereby reminding Russia that an attack on freedom and democracy will not be tolerated.   http://www.cnn.com/2014/02/28/world/europe/ukraine-politics/
Wichita State Shockers men's basketball continue their winning streak with a 68-45 victory over the Missouri State Bears. Congrats on your 31-0 record! #WatchUs
An Iditarod haiku.
Iditarod with one of my good friends Dee Dee Jonroe. Good luck on the trail!
Will be on Fox News Sunday tomorrow to talk about the need to deal with the deficit & enact pro-growth policies. Hope you can tune in.
WASTE: The federal government holds 77,700 buildings that it classifies as not fully utilized. Many of these buildings are totally vacant, while others are partially used with additional space that could be rented out. Still others are in conditions better suited for demolition.
What a great Wichita State win! It was a pleasure watching the game with President Bardo and Andy Schlapp, and an honor to talk with the team and Coach Marshall after the game!
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: 8 Steps Obama Must Take to Punish Russia: http://1.usa.gov/1bVGkWZ    
Couldn't ask for a more beautiful setting in Philadelphia today to honor the heroes of Flight 93 and to commission the USS Somerset.
