IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out coverage in the “Chattanooga Times Free Press” of Sen. Alexander’s bill to delay proposed Internal Revenue Service regulations he says fail to “protect the First Amendment rights of the American people” and make an “enemies list of conservatives,” including Tennessee Tea Party groups: http://bit.ly/1nuGoNo
I was proud to vote for a bipartisan bill this week to ensure we keep our promise to America's brave servicemen and women.
Please take a moment to read this column from Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks on income inequality and good-paying jobs
Congrats to Hoosier Nick Goepper on winning the bronze medal in ski slopestyle
According to recent reports, many who enrolled in ObamaCare or were forced into it are now learning that there are fewer doctors available, resulting in longer wait times.  For instance, one study shows that a commercial plan would have roughly 40 cardiologists per 100,000 people, while a typical ObamaCare plan will have an average of only 15.  The root of the problem is that extra benefits offered on healthcare.gov were so expensive the only thing insurers could do to hold down costs was clamp down on providers.  
First #TBT! A photo from a stop I made at the Little Wood River in Gooding, Idaho. Will be in Gooding next week. #idpol
LIKE if you're one of the 55%! #FullRepeal
The Obama Administration shouldn't prevent states from implementing their voter ID laws.
When I told Texans when I ran for office that I’m going to fight with every ounce of strength I have to try to pull this country back from this fiscal and economic cliff, I wasn’t lying to them.   I meant it. 
A lot of you have asked me about President Obama’s indecisiveness on the Keystone Pipeline (0:18) and if increasing the federal minimum wage is the right solution for growing the economy (2:14). Check out my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” to see my response to your questions and comments on these important issues. 
Read this week's column to learn more about my bipartisan plan to protect jobs, cut red tape, and promote health technology with the PROTECT Act.
I’ve been to that Afghan prison dozens of times, and it makes my blood boil to see these thugs walk out of there.  
Does the Pres really want TradePromotionAuthority If he does he needs to assureSpeakerBoehner that Reid will take it up in Senate Obama push
Every American shld get relief from obamacare not just Big business  PresObama should be equally fair to individuals
Senator Grassley and Senator Cantwell explain why a reduction in the Renewable Fuels Standard, as proposed, would hurt biofuels production and in turn, jobs and alternative energy growth.  Their op-ed in The Hill newspaper is available here:  https://tinyurl.com/opn4xlb
This past January, I took a handful of my colleagues in Congress overseas to the Middle East and Africa. As Ranking Member of Senate Armed Services Committee, the purpose of the trip was to hear firsthand from military commanders, U.S. servicemembers, and U.S. Ambassadors about the United States' involvement in their stationed countries and how it impacts our national security, trade, commerce, and infrastructure. Within 10 days, we visited Germany, Turkey, Georgia, Jordan, UAE, Afghanistan, Ethiopia, Uganda, Rwanda, and Cape Verde.
Brian Hansen competes tomorrow in his last event at the Olympics. Share to wish him luck. http://bit.ly/il-olympics
The sugar program hurts #IL candy companies that employ 7,000 people. Ending the subsidy would save Americans  almost $3 billion per year.
Jason Brown narrowly missed the podium today. Share to wish him luck on the ice again tomorrow.  Follow all the athletes: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
As part of National Salute to Veteran Patients Week, Fort Leavenworth soldiers swapped stories with hospitalized veterans at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Veterans Affairs Medical Center. In St. Marys, Patriot Outfitters and the American Red Cross teamed up to host a Holiday Hero Valentine’s Day Party. This week, we honor and express appreciation for veterans' sacrifices as well as encourage citizens to visit those receiving medical care.
I enjoyed visiting Geary County USD 475 elementary schools today. At Westwood Elementary, I read with a 2nd grader as part of the school’s “Rockin’ Readers” program. Then, I made my way to Washington Elementary where I toured the school and had the opportunity to visit with students, faculty and staff. Washington has a military population of about 15 percent, and it’s encouraging to see how the community, Geary County School District and teachers work together to provide a first-rate education for the children of those who serve our nation.
I stopped by the Olathe Chamber of Commerce Coffee yesterday hosted by Olathe Dodge Chrysler Jeep Ram. It was great to see so many folks attending the event to get connected, promote their businesses, and work together to accomplish things for their community. Here, I'm pictured with 2013 Chamber Volunteer of the Year Kathleen Saunders. Thanks to the staff at Olathe Dodge Chrysler Jeep Ram for hosting the coffee.
I am incredibly saddened to learn of the loss of Mike Stepovich, the last of Alaska’s territorial Governors. Mike played a vital role in Alaska’s admission to statehood, and for the 54 years that followed he occupied a prominent place on the public policy scene. Today we have lost another link to Alaska’s territorial history and that leaves a huge hole in my heart.  Mike Stepovich and his family were some of our earliest and closest friends when my family moved to Fairbanks in the early ‘70s. Mike and his wife Matilda raised a large and loving family and while many Alaskans remember his role as a statesman I will always think of him first as a true family man.
Valentines Day morning at my house. Tulips are our tradition thanks to my Valentine. Our day is blessed with extra love as our son Matt is also celebrating his 21st birthday. Happy day!
The United States is going to be the Chair of the Arctic Council starting next year, and this administration's 'Implementation Strategy' is a big disappointment.  The President is not offering a vision to establish America as a leader in the Arctic, while we are slipping further behind other nations seizing opportunities in the north. I contacted him today and called his plan 'unambitious'
Hosted a forum with community leaders at the University of Dayton today on ways to end human trafficking. We must continue this fight.
Thanks Kansas Cooperative Council. I always appreciate the hard work and support of the KCC and their member co-ops. I will continue to fight for regulatory relief for all Kansans.
Senator Rubio Confronts Repressive Venezuelan Regime On Twitter: http://1.usa.gov/1ezl43Q  
“The Senate voted 95-3 to repeal the 1 percent reduction in the annual cost-of-living adjustments, or COLAs, set to hit working-age military retirees at the end of 2015. [Senator] Sessions [who voted against the Ryan-Murray budget plan] said [it]  ‘unfairly and disproportionately’ targeted service members, retirees and veterans.  ‘After exposing how deep these cuts were - and the impact on disabled veterans - I pushed to have them reversed,’ Sessions said. ‘Fixing [the cuts to veterans’ pensions] is the right thing to do for our veterans.’  The pension cuts would save about $6 billion over the next 10 years. To offset that, Sessions and other Republicans were pushing for an amendment to close a tax credit loophole used by illegal immigrants… Sessions said he will continue the fight to close the tax loophole that costs the U.S. billions each year.”
Spending Valentines Day passing out Valentines to kids being treated at MUSC
Filming State of Pennsylvania at WVIA studios in Pittston. Program will run tonight at 7 p.m. on WVIA and will be available online at http://www.wvia.org/home/.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Krauthammer nails it. http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/charles-krauthammer-obamacares-war-on-jobs/2014/02/13/ed97c9c8-94eb-11e3-84e1-27626c5ef5fb_story.html
NA
Last week, my Northwestern PA regional manager Sheila Sterrett joined the President of Thiel College, Dr. Troy VanAken and other federal, state, and local officials at Thiel College's 2014 Founder's Day Convocation.
