“The Declaration of Independence was written in 1776, but it was 13 years later – September 17th, 1787 – before we ratified our Constitution. Constitution Day provides a good opportunity to put the teaching of American history and civics back in its rightful place in our schools so our children can grow up learning what it means to be an American.”
Great meeting Tessa Wright, an 11th grade student from Milford High School. Tessa is in Washington as part of Close Up, a program that gives students and educators an inside look at our government.  Tessa's teacher, Stephen Vetack, is accompanying her on her visit to the nation's capital.
Congratulations to New Hampshire’s National Child Awareness Month Youth Ambassador, Luke Testa!  Luke, who is from Derry, started Project Play- an effort to collect used sports equipment and raise money to help underprivileged children participate in sports programs.
On Constitution Day, we celebrate our nation's founding document and how it has shaped the greatest country on Earth.
This morning I spoke on the Senate floor about the threat from #ISIL #ISIS
It's been nearly one year since the disastrous launch of the #ObamaCare exchanges. Since then, I’ve gone to the floor almost every week the Senate has been in session to share ObamaCare news and stories from Missourians. How has the president’s health care law impacted you and your family this year?
Enjoyed meeting with Jason and Carri Kern from Wentzville and hearing their family’s incredible adoption story. Jason and Carri have dedicated their lives to caring for and providing a loving home for children in need – overcoming so many challenges in their 7-year quest to bring their son, Hudson, home from Guatemala. I’m honored to recognize Jason and Carri as Angels in Adoption for their efforts to raise awareness about the challenges facing the adoption and foster care systems. http://1.usa.gov/YSFpSv
Following yesterday’s joint Senate committee hearing on the deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa, I took to my blog to share some of my thoughts on addressing the spread of this horrible disease. I also share clips from the hearing, along with a full-length video. 
Last evening, a resolution introduced by Senator Boxer and me passed the Senate by unanimous consent to honor the patriotism and contributions of veterans service organizations' (VSO) women's auxiliaries. These women have dedicated thousands of hours and raised billions of dollars to support our nation’s troops and veterans. Thank you for all of your hard work and sacrifice.
On this day in 1787, the Constitution was signed “in order to form a more perfect union.” Today, we should all reflect on the freedoms and rights that this document, crafted by our Founding Fathers, has secured.
NA
NA
NA
NA
Today marks the 227th anniversary of the signing of our nation’s Constitution. Constant vigilance is required to preserve our government, a government that prioritizes life, liberty and freedom.  After the signing, Benjamin Franklin, a delegate to the Constitutional Convention, was asked by a woman outside the hall, “What have you given us?”  Franklin replied, “A republic madam, if you can keep it.”   Understanding our nation’s foundation, appreciation for the price continuing to be paid for our freedom and consideration of diverging views are important parts of maintaining our exceptional form of government and national strength.  I encourage all Americans to reflect on our rich history made possible by the work of our Founding Fathers and many who have followed them in contributing to the preservation of our unique country and way of life. #ConstitutionDay2014
The Senate National Laboratory Caucus was finalized yesterday to promote the groundbreaking research and achievements of the Idaho National Laboratory  and all of our national labs.  As the nation’s top nuclear research laboratory, Senator Risch and I are proud to be charter members to represent the Idaho Lab in this new effort to increase awareness of the work of all of our national labs for fellow members in the U.S. Senate. #idpol
Senator Collins was pleased to meet with Peter Miesburger, Past State Commander of the VFW in Maine, in her office today to discuss a range of issues important to our nation’s veterans.
“The Gauvin Scholars come from different schools and backgrounds, but they are all determined optimists and hard workers with records of service to their communities. With their college careers just underway and new challenges waiting to be met, I know they will have the strength and confidence to achieve their goals, in knowing that all of Aroostook County is behind them.” 
The Northern Border Regional Commission has awarded grant funding to assist projects and communities in five locations around the state including Ashland, Hartland, Indian Township, Ellsworth, and the Maine Wood Products Association in Belfast.  Read more:
VIDEO - Cornyn: Senate Being Used As Incumbent Protection Program: 
VIDEO - Sen. Cornyn Introduces Sarah Saldana At Senate Confirmation Hearing:
Cornyn OpEd on Fox News: A Republican Blueprint for Governing: 
As we celebrate Constitution Day, it is more important than ever that we protect this remarkable document that has seen our nation through the addition of 37 states, through times of prosperity and times of need, through a civil war and wars abroad, and through leaders representing every stripe of the political spectrum. This Constitution Day, let’s remember our privilege and responsibility as citizens to understand this foundational document, the liberties it guarantees for each of us, and how we can better protect it for future generations.
Senator Corker’s Constitution Week events continued today as our nation celebrates the 227th anniversary of the cherished document. This afternoon, students at Michigan Avenue Elementary School in Bradley County enjoyed an interactive presentation, viewed a 5-foot replica of the Constitution and discussed its importance in every American’s life. Events continue tomorrow across the Volunteer State. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1BGKDhV.
Senator Corker enjoyed meeting with Tennesseans on Capitol Hill this morning to discuss finding a cure for Alzheimer’s. The group included: Joan Cronan, The Pat Summitt Foundation board member and University of Tennessee women’s athletic director emeritus; Betty Ann Tanner, WomenAgainstAlzheimer’s founder; Kim Campbell, wife of country music star Glen Campbell; and Janice Wade-Whitehead, executive director of Alzheimer’s Tennessee, Inc.
Yesterday Senators Bob Corker and Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) introduced the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014, legislation that imposes broad sanctions on Russia’s defense, energy, and financial sectors, as well as increases military and non-military assistance for Ukraine.  “Now is the time to increase the pressure on Putin and help strengthen Ukraine’s leverage," said Corker. The legislation will be taken up by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Thursday after Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko addresses a joint meeting of Congress. House Speaker John Boehner invited President Poroshenko to speak before Congress following a request from Senators Corker and Menendez.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1wowRxf
TUNE IN: Today at 2:30 p.m. ET, Senator Corker will question Secretary of State John Kerry on the U.S. strategy to combat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing. Watch live at http://foreign.senate.gov.
Today the House voted to audit the Federal Reserve. Why are Senate Dems blocking a vote to open the books?  Let's #AuditTheFed NOW!
It is our job to kill terrorists who have declared war on America and who have demonstrated the intention and capability to murder innocent Americans.
227 years ago, members of the Constitutional Convention emerged from Independence Hall with the most extraordinary governing document known to man -- the United States Constitution. It is said that a woman asked Benjamin Franklin, "Well, Doctor, what have we got, a republic or a monarchy?" To which, Franklin responded, "A republic, if you can keep it."  We must, once again, make a commitment to keep it today. Let us always treasure and defend the blessings of liberty enshrined in our Constitution. #HappyConstitutionDay
Discussed today's hearing on ISIS with Sean Hannity. Catch it tonight at 9 pm CT!
Changes in energy tax policy may look appetizing to those who want more money for the federal government, but if done without proper thought or transitioning, they could do some real damage to the country.  
Happy Constitution Day! Today, the day delegates at the U.S. Constitutional Convention signed the Constitution in 1787 in Philadelphia, we celebrate the magnificent document that laid the foundation for this great country. #ConstitutionDay
Today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on #NetNeutrality
Sahuarita residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at Sahuarita Town Hall TOMORROW from 1 p.m. - 2 p.m.
Green Valley residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Green Valley Council Offices TOMORROW from 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.
NA
In my view, Congress’s role in foreign policy revolves around advancing three major goals:  First and foremost, it is our job to protect U.S. national interests by reinforcing U.S. leadership abroad.   Second, our national interest is best served when the U.S. promotes and supports the principle of liberty and the democratic process abroad.   Finally, just as with domestic policy, Congress should protect U.S. taxpayers from wasteful and egregious spending in our foreign policy.  More in my speech to the Council on Foreign Relations
Joined Morning Joe early today to discuss the president's plan to confront #ISIS #ISIL
Today we celebrate our enduring Constitution, the foundation of our freedom for over two centuries  #ConstitutionDay2014
Senator Grassley appreciates those who have become adoptive parents.  Here’s the story of one Iowa family and their circle of supporters, all working hard to help kids:
Senator Grassley salutes Lutheran Services in Iowa for 150 years of working to strengthen Iowa’s children and families.  The organization is one of the state’s main providers of meeting the needs of children in foster care.  Read more about the group’s history and services here:
Sen. Chuck Grassley and Midwestern ethanol makers are watching for the Environmental Protection Agency’s final decision on the Renewable Fuel Standard, which sets the amount of biofuels such as ethanol that are blended into the nation’s fuel supply.  The agency’s proposal to lower the amount would be detrimental to the farmers and ethanol producers who work to produce ethanol as a welcome diversification from foreign fossil fuels.  The EPA could issue a final decision sometime this fall.  The EPA proposal has been pending for nearly 10 months. Sen. Grassley and fellow senators from ethanol-producing states have weighed in with the EPA and encouraged their constituents to do the same.  Sen. Grassley this week met with ethanol producers from Iowa, including Rick Schwarck, president of Absolute Energy LLC., an ethanol maker on the Iowa-Minnesota border. Mr. Schwarck presented Sen. Grassley with the 2014 Fueling Growth Award from Growth Energy in recognition of the senator’s strong support for ethanol.
U.S. Capitol after this am 6.21 mi run. Happy Constitution Day http://t.co/LcB62FkdSs
I celebrated my birthday w 6.21 mile-run  I call the "Home to the Dome" run  I do once yr  otherwise just run 3miles a day
Ran 6.21 mi fr my house to Senate this AM Running to U S Capitol is good way to appreciate Constitution's bday Gr8 way to start day
Thanks to Dr. Kate Zhong of the Women Against Alzheimer’s association for meeting today on Capitol Hill to discuss the important goal of ending Alzheimer’s by 2025.
Recently, I met with the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network - ACS CAN to discuss ways to help support cancer research for the 11,000+ Nevadans diagnosed each year.
“My conversation with Director Comey went very well. He had an understanding of our needs and I hope an announcement will be forthcoming soon that the FBI is going to comply with our request for more staff and an office in Western North Dakota.”
In January 1970, Oklahoma native Specialist Four Donald P. Sloat selflessly sacrificed his life to save the lives of the other soldiers in his unit. On Monday, Specialist Four Sloat’s brother, Dr. William Sloat, accepted the Medal of Honor on his brother’s behalf. I was honored today to welcome and speak with the Sloat family at the U.S. Capitol. Please take a moment to learn more about Specialist Four Slot’s story and see our pictures here: http://newsok.com/two-upcoming-medal-of-honor-recipients-have-oklahoma-ties/article/5336427
Today I was privileged to meet Command Sergeant Major Bennie Adkins and his family during their visit to Washington, D.C. CSM Adkins was born in Waurika, Okla., and, on Monday, was awarded the Medal of Honor for his fiercely courageous actions in Vietnam where he fought through severe injuries in order to save the lives of his fellow soldiers. His brave actions also prevented critical U.S. intelligence from falling into enemy hands. Please take a moment to read more about CSM Adkins here: https://www.google.com/url?q=http://newsok.com/medal-of-honor-ceremony-for-donald-sloat-and-bennie-adkins/multimedia/video/3786287975001&sa=U&ei=aAkaVPG9EcL58AHp_oBQ&ved=0CAYQFjAA&client=internal-uds-cse&usg=AFQjCNETQiV2fQzD0_cgI42HaNj5IgjW4w
I appreciate the honesty from our witnesses at yesterday’s Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on the threat of ISIS. They were willing to discuss the rapid growth and strong influence of this terrorist army, and how it affects our own national security,  as well as share about the potential for future U.S. boots on the ground in the region. The President is choosing not to tell the truth every time the Obama Administration promises no boots on the ground. The Obama Administration needs to put an end to the campaign rhetoric and allow our military leaders to make the decisions about what it is going to take to win this war.    My staff has posted my TV interviews today with FOX News, CNN, and MSNBC about my concerns, which I hope you can take a moment to watch here:  www.youtube.com/jiminhofepressoffice 
On this day in 1787, the Constitution was signed.
Today we commemorate the United States Constitution. Formally limiting the power of Government and recognizing that individual liberty is a birthright endowed by our Creator was a revolutionary idea in 1787, and it remains the core of this incredible experiment in human liberty that we call America. We properly honor the Constitution when we take time to understand it and to defend it, whether from outside threats or overreaching executive decrees. - rj
Got a visit today from #Illinois VFW #veterans C. Victor Smith of Frederick and Bill Regan of Newark. Thank you for your service.
Did you know that the US Constitution is the world's longest surviving written charter of government? Join in celebrating #ConstitutionDay2014!
Americans are sending a consistent message to those who want to regulate the internet: Don't break the Internet! #DontBreakTheNet
I will be giving away a special something for those who come by my office today at 3:30 for Jell-O with the Senator.  Happy Constitution Day!
If you missed the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing today about the president's strategy for dealing with ISIS by arming Syrian rebels, this clip contains many of the important highlights: 
Sen. McConnell: I applaud the House for passing #AuditTheFed. As a co-sponsor, I strongly support Senator Rand Paul's bill and the Senate should take it up for a vote.
‘On this Constitution Day, we are reminded of the obligation that we have to guard and uphold our nation’s Constitution, and we are grateful for the courageous work and incredible foresight that our forefathers showed in drafting and signing it on that memorable day in Philadelphia.’
NA
Alaskans, your 2014 Permanent Fund Dividend check will be $1,884. What do you plan to do with your PFD?  
Happy Constitution Day everyone! The U.S. Constitution was signed by our Founding Fathers 227 years ago today, and still stands as the both the oldest and shortest written Constitution of any major government in the world. 7,591 words have kept our country together through centuries of major accomplishments and incredible challenges. If you want a pocket-sized copy, I make sure to have copies available at all my Alaska offices – so stop by and pick one up today!    Test your Constitutional knowledge with this fun quiz from the Washington Post: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/answer-sheet/wp/2014/09/16/the-washington-posts-constitution-day-quiz/
I wrote in the Cleveland Plain Dealer today about the heroin crisis in Ohio and the need for a comprehensive plan to prevent drug abuse and curb drug addiction. Along with Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), today I introduced legislation that could help turn the tide in the struggle against this epidemic by providing a series of incentives and resources designed to encourage states and local communities to pursue a full array of proven strategies to combat addiction.
As we mark Constitution Day 2014, let us reflect on the unfinished business of forming a ‘more perfect union.’
In case you missed it- I just questioned Secretary of State John Kerry on the U.S. strategy to defeat ISIS. Watch the exchange here:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEqx7lawm4w
Today we celebrate #ConstitutionDay. On September 17, 1787, delegates met for the last time at the Constitutional Convention and signed our nation's charter. I encourage everyone to re-read our Constitution and familiarize yourself with our founding principles.
On this day in 1787, the framers of our nation met & signed the U.S. Constitution. I encourage everyone to re-read the #Constitution today: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=constitution
On September 17, 1787, the delegates to the Constitutional Convention met for the last time to sign the Constitution. Just last week, the Senate Majority Leader tried to pass a Constitutional Amendment that would have allowed Congress to regulate free speech. I opposed this partisan attempt to silence political opposition. The Constitution must not be taken for granted.
NA
Senator Rubio Celebrates Constitution Day: http://1.usa.gov/ZqptXv   On this day, exactly 227 years ago, our Founding Fathers gathered in Philadelphia to sign what would come to be one of the most important documents in the history of mankind: the United States Constitution.   Today, it is “We the People” who continue to celebrate this time-tested document and the unique way of life it has safeguarded for us.   The principles of limited government and separation of powers embodied in our Constitution have seen this nation through times of great challenge and great triumph, including two World Wars. They have paved the way to economic success and growth, serving as a beacon of hope to the rest of the world and proving that a people, given the freedom to fully utilize their God-given rights, can build a society of unprecedented liberty and prosperity. Generations of Americans have fought to not only defend the Constitution and the vision of the Founding Fathers, but also to ensure that America is ever more faithful to its principles.   Yet these principles, which have served us so well, have fallen under attack. Proponents of big government and a Washington-knows-best agenda have pushed the size of government far beyond the limits of the Constitution. The separation of powers, so carefully spelled out in the Constitution, has also been weakened by overreaching executives and judges, as well as legislators who cheer them on.   While this disregard has proven challenging for champions of liberty and the rule of law, it presents our generation with an opportunity to defend our Constitution, and the very values that make our nation exceptional.   Today, we celebrate not only our Constitution, but the values upon which it was drafted, and the values upon which this great nation still stands. But it is up to us to pass on this legacy of liberty, and preserve it for future generations. In doing so, I am confident that it will lead us toward another American century. 
Watch Senator Rubio’s speech on rebuilding American defense:  Rubio: "The world is at its safest when America is at its strongest."
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Obama's Strategy to Deal with ISIL on Hannity 
NA
On this day in 1787, the Constitution of the United States of America was signed in Philadelphia.
"The [passage of the] bill comes shortly after Alabama Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions received correspondence from the Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Matthew Burwell, who stated that currently, no regulations restrict EBT cards from being used to purchase marijuana at stores offering the drug."
NA
Fun picture with my DC staff and our favorite socks before HELP Committee this morning. #sockstagram #socks
Miss our first #WomenInLeadership discussion yesterday in North Charleston?  Here's a clip!  http://youtu.be/56wAsRQ5GS8
Thank you to the Harrisburg Regional Chamber & CREDC for coming to visit with me today. It was great to discuss ways we can help businesses of all sizes grow in PA!
Glad to team up with my friend, Senator Joe Manchin III, to help our vets looking for jobs. 
American steel manufacturers should be safeguarded from imports that unfairly manipulate the market. Senator Cochran and I are urging the U.S. International Trade Commission to continue to support global trade policies that level the playing field for Mississippi’s steel industry.
Today, I introduced a bill that would require financial regulators to assess whether new rules are duplicative or inconsistent with existing regulations. Learn more about the “Financial Regulatory Clarity Act of 2014,” S. 2829, by clicking on the link below. 
