In Manchester this morning, Senator Ayotte helped kick off New Hampshire’s first ever Mental Health First Aid training program.  The five day program will certify 30 people in Mental Health First Aid by teaching them how to help individuals in crisis and direct them to proper treatment in the community.  Senator Ayotte has introduced bipartisan legislation to boost Mental Health First Aid, and this week’s program in New Hampshire highlights the importance of this training to those who work in schools, hospitals, and law enforcement, as well as the benefits of training first responders, members of veterans service organizations, and other community leaders.
Congratulations to the participants and thanks to the volunteers of the National Veterans Golden Age Games held in Northwest Arkansas. More than 800 veterans from across the country competed in swimming, golf, horseshoes, track and field, nine ball, shooting and other sports.  Congratulations to Fayetteville’s Ves Lawbaugh, who competed in the 75 to 79 age group and won the gold medal in the one mile track, three silver medals in swimming (50 and 25 freestyle and 25 backstroke) and the bronze in marksmanship.
I’m headed back to Washington after a busy week in Arkansas. We spent a couple days in the River Valley and northwest Arkansas meeting with local officials, touring facilities and talking about how Washington can help (which in many cases is by getting out of the way). You can read and watch some of the local news coverage from these events by following the link below.
I join with the Indianapolis community in grieving the loss of Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department officer Perry Renn, who was killed in the line of duty over the weekend. We also mourn the loss of patrolman Jeffrey Westerfield of Gary. My thoughts are with the families of these officers.
NA
Cornyn: Border Visit Would Be "Wakeup Call" for the President: 
The President is right that we have a humanitarian crisis on our border, but it is a crisis of his own creation. This is a direct consequence of President Obama’s lawlessness.
We should defend the Bill of Rights -- not attempt to repeal the First Amendment's free speech protections.
Friends in Russell garage said stop in see them.  BTW when do u start Uber?
Today is a great day. Lynne and I are celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary.
I hope everyone had a safe and enjoyable holiday weekend.  I had fun talking to one of our WWII heroes, Oshkosh resident Cliff Bunks, at a 4th of July party on the shores of Lake Winnebago. - rj
Alan Dixon was a dedicated public servant who spent the majority of his life representing the people of Illinois. But for his leadership, Illinois would have lost Scott Air Force Base - the largest employer south of I-80. We owe Alan a debt of gratitude for all he did for our state.
I encourage you to read #KansasCommonSense, my weekly enewsletter – celebrating Independence Day, Kansas Listening Tour continues in Chase, Norton and Dickinson Counties, troubling problems with Obamacare Exchanges, McConnell Air Force Base KC-46A Groundbreaking and more.
Today marks 56 years since President Eisenhower signed the Alaska Statehood Act, clearing the way for us to become the 49th state!
Career & Technical Education prepares students for good jobs. I held a roundtable at Live Oaks in Clermont County this morning to discuss ways to improve it.
ATTN: Senator Bob Corker and Senator Robert Menendez- When will the Senate Foreign Relations Committee have a hearing & mark-up on my Stand with Israel Act?  WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-z8y6C6HAs
Around Kentucky
Looking forward to honoring Vietnam War era veterans in South Carolina on August 2nd.  Come join us! Learn more below, or RSVP at www.scott.senate.gov/veterans  http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20140707/PC1603/140709571/1177/sen-tim-scott-to-recognize-vietnam-veterans
Great! Senate just confirmed Penn Law prof Cheryl Ann Krause to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. & I both recommended her.  #bipartisan
Thanks to all the Berks County #vets who sat down with me to discuss the #VA and other issues last weekend. It is a pleasure and an honor to get the time with you.
I grew up in the Scouts. It's a terrific organization. Read below about John Lahutsky, an orphan from Russia, and what scouting and a great mom helped him overcome. 
Hopes that the economy would see a major rebound this year were dashed with the latest data from the Commerce Department.  The agency reported that economic output contracted by a staggering 2.9 percent during the first quarter of 2014. Boosting confidence – and ultimately economic growth – will require policies different from those put forward by the President and Senate Democrats.
