Very important House Oversight Committee hearing happening today on last year’s deadly Benghazi attack. The American people deserve to know the truth.
I added some more answers to questions over at my Crowd Hall event. Head on over to read the responses.
We supported a resolution to review horrific abortion practices like those of Dr. Kermit Gosnell.
We want to provide our servicemembers who are leaving the military more choices as they transition to civilian life.
NA
A member of my staff will visit Cicero tomorrow to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency.  Date: Thursday, May 9 Time: 1:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. Location: Hamilton North Public Library, 209 West Brinton Street, Cicero
NA
I will be joining Steve Malzberg live to discuss sequestration, the debt and deficit, jobs and the economy.  Click below to listen.  http://www.newsmax.com/live
In this fragile economy, I remain very concerned about the unemployment rate among America’s young people, those between the ages of 25 to 34 years old.  Unfortunately, the U.S. has now surpassed much of Europe in the percentage of young adults who are unemployed.  The policies coming out of Washington, D.C., are not doing anything to help alleviate this growing problem especially with the coming implementation of Obamacare.  More and more young adults are being forced into part time jobs or settling for employment that is beneath their education level.
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn Speaks on Obamacare, the Texas Miracle, and Perez Nomination:
Just cosponsored Coburn amndt to require DHS to report on ammo purchases to ensure Admin. isn’t undermining 2nd Amndt.
PHOTO: Great meeting with Michael Lee, Chairman of the Greater Dallas Asian American Chamber of Commerce:
Happy to have Park Geun-Hye, President of the Republic of Korea, address a joint session of Congress today, and especially pleased to hear her thanks to US military veterans who served in the Korean War, including Texas Congressman Sam Johnson.
NA
Discussing the administration's response to the Benghazi attacks on MSNBC, Sen. Corker said he wants to know why four State Department officials are still receiving full pay after being involved in security failures that contributed to the deadly attacks last year.  “They're sitting at home with full pay. Americans all across our country are unemployed…There's been no accountability, and I just don't think it bodes well to know that people made some mistakes -- and candidly mistakes that cost people's lives – and there's nothing happening. I think that's an issue that does need to get resolved," said Corker. Watch a video clip here: http://bit.ly/13hVUp0
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Watch WBIR Channel 10's “HomeGrown” feature on Senator Corker here: http://on.wbir.com/16h4do5. “From the world’s top leaders to the Senate floor, Tennessee Senator Bob Corker has made a name for himself in Washington after just one term… It’s a political career he never dreamed of growing up in Chattanooga… Senator Bob Corker. HomeGrown in Tennessee.”
Glad to join United States Senator Mike Lee and U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham to ensure that the religious liberties of our service men and women are protected.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a fall internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply is June 28th. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
Whether it be cutting spending, reforming Social Security, Medicare or immigration, Congress can make improvements.  The key isn’t compromise.  The key is to use my 80 percent rule to find common ground and do the parts that everybody wants, individual proposals where there is wide agreement.  The holdup is that people get together in “gangs” and groups and backrooms to come up with grand bargains.  There’s always something not to like in those deals.  Let’s pass the proposals we can agree on, even if they are smaller.  The 80 percent improvements will add up.  At the end of the day what we can do is more important than what we cannot do.
Catching a few minutes of the Benghazi hearings between meetings today.
The story of Benghazi is that after the attack, seven weeks before an election, there was an effort by some senior people to put a political spin on this,” U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham said on MSNBC Morning Joe. “Rather than tell the story that it was a terrorist attack from the get-go because it was so close to the election.”
Efforts to add 1,050 megawatts of wind generation in Iowa by year-end 2015
Grassley Leads Effort to Encourage USTR, USDA to Break Down Biotech Barriers with Trading Partners
Grassley: Questions Continue About 340B Discount Drug Program
Sec of homeland security Napolitano has not answered Qs submitted to her after immigration hearing. How can we markup bill Thurs wo answers
What a great thing my friend Kurt Busch is doing for our nation's heroes. Watch:
They call it the Great State for a reason. Like this photo if #HomeMeansNevada to you.
Great meeting today with Tioga High School students prior to their tour of the U.S. Capitol.
I joined my colleague United States Senator Mike Lee and nine others in introducing a resolution this week calling on the Senate to review public policies that led to the illegal abortion practices of Dr. Kermit Gosnell. Gosnell is currently standing trial for the murder of one female adult and seven newborn babies due to his unsanitary and abusive practice. http://washingtonexaminer.com/senate-republicans-introduce-kermit-gosnell-resolution/article/2529007
Public-private partnerships in our waterway infrastructure will improve efficiency & save Illinois tax payers money.
To prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons, now is the time to close the euro loophole in our sanctions and ratchet up the pressure.
Report finds Iran among worst violators of religious freedom
It is difficult to imagine why anyone would object to a non-binding resolution calling on Congress to investigate the alleged disturbing, horrific, and illegal abortion practices committed by Kermit Gosnell and others.
Good seeing Larry Fitzgerald today - he's among the most outstanding individuals and athletes I have ever known. Go Cards!
Senator McConnell is interviewed by Bill Goodman of KET in his office in the Russell Senate Office Building today. The interview will air MON at 6:30p ET on KET. Topics include the economy, Coal Jobs Protection Act, hemp, Freedom to Fish bill, Obamacare and his role as Senate Republican Leader.
Sen. McConnell's op-ed on the Coal Jobs Protection Act:
The high number of sexual assaults in our military is unacceptable and we must have no tolerance for this.  Our military men and women have enough on their plates protecting our country - they shouldn’t have to worry about whether they will be assaulted by those beside them, or silenced if they become victims.  I am co-sponsoring the Combating Military Sexual Assault Act of 2013 to change the culture of the DoD.
Not only did I meet the Prudential Spirit of Community Award Winners and the BLM State Director Bud Cribley today, I also discussed the positive impacts that drug courts are having nationwide with a “Friend” who walked in to share some information. (Matthew Perry, but many know him as Chandler Bing from Friends)
I again pushed the Dept. of the Interior today to make sure it is going to keep its promise to Alaska’s Native people & I'm going to continue to bring this up until the obligations are fulfilled:
I had a good, constructive conversation today with Bureau of Land Management State Director Bud Cribley about our land use issues in Alaska and possible paths forward.  If you could talk to BLM about one thing, what would it be?
Supported amendment tonight to stop Asian Carp. Glad it passed.  We are one step closer to protecting Ohio waterways.
Nice to visit with Deputy Fire Chief Billy Goldfeder from Loveland, and his friends from the International Association of Fire Chiefs.
Just a few short weeks after its introduction, the energy efficiency and job creation strategy I proposed with Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) passed the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources with strong bipartisan support today. With energy efficiency, we have the cleanest, fastest, and most cost-efficient way to strengthen our economy and create American jobs, while also addressing our nation’s energy challenges.
Overflow crowd at this morning's Buckeye Coffee
FATCA violates important privacy protections, disregards the sovereign laws of other nations and will cost the U.S. economy hundreds of billions of dollars in compliance costs. FATCA should be repealed, and Congress should consider less onerous means of enforcing tax laws.  Click here to read my statement in its entirety: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=793
I applaud the 3 public servants who came forward with their firsthand accounts of attacks in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. Their firsthand experience, their frustration with the Administration’s bungled response and subsequent cover-up of the circumstances surrounding the murder of four Americans is the closest to the truth we have seen to date. I deeply regret the precedent this sets for those who serve our nation in harm’s way. The continued dissembling and evasions by this Administration on the Benghazi attacks are undermining our national security by shaking the faith Americans have that the full force of the American government is behind them should they find themselves in trouble protecting our nation. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcqbbSG2Sl0&feature=youtu.be
Talking water management policy with the Army Corps of Engineers today.
Great Breakfast of Champions hosted by the Science Coalition today. I stand strong by my support for Science, Technology, Energy and Math education funding, and am very proud to have been named a Champion of Science.
Senator Rubio Welcomes SSA Chief Actuary’s Preliminary Findings On Immigration Reform Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/12eQnhF
ICYMI: Rubio: America Needs A Pro-Growth Immigration System: http://1.usa.gov/12gBFW9
Rubio: Thomas Perez Would Be A Disastrous Labor Secretary: http://1.usa.gov/11T5ifT
Rubio: What Boston Means: http://1.usa.gov/13hzYdt
NA
Discussing the importance of the Savannah River Site with NBC 26 out of Augusta/Aiken
Great talking with folks at our Palmetto Wednesday event today, including those from the SC Library Association!
My amendment with Senator Sherrod Brown to help prevent the invasion of Asian carp in the Ohio River basin has taken a major step forward:
The Pentagon's own study about sexual assault in the military is deeply troubling to me. Sexual assault in our society is completely unacceptable, and I am very disappointed in the Pentagon's efforts to protect our service members from such attacks.  Whether on active duty or in our veterans health care facilities, our service members and veterans are entitled to protection from sexual assault. This is the least we can do for those that have defended and continue to defend our freedom.
We need to end government by crisis and take the default scare tactics off the table. As the sequester proved, limiting spending does not cause the sky to fall. The Full Faith and Credit Act will allow Congress and the President to have a frank discussion about putting our nation on a path to balance by taking the fear of default off the table. I am pleased the House is considering my Full Faith and Credit Act and I urge its passage.
Looking forward to going on with Philly's Dom Giordano at 10:45. Hope you'll tune in:
