Tune In: Sen. Alexander will be on CNBC's "Squawk Box" tomorrow at 7:30 a.m. ET to discuss what's going on in Congress. http://www.cnbc.com/id/15838368
Senator Ayotte will serve on the Armed Services, Commerce, Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs, Budget, and Aging Committees during the 113th Congress.
I enjoyed talking with EJ & Ellen on KMBZ this morning about the recent fiscal cliff agreement and the critical need to cut spending. Listen to my remarks by clicking on the link below.
I look forward to serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee and fighting to sustain Missouri’s historic role as one of the most important states in national defense. This committee will be faced with a number of critical challenges and responsibilities this year, including dealing with the sequestration cuts. We must rein in Washington’s out-of-control spending, but those cuts should be targeted in a way that does not jeopardize our national security or military readiness.
We'll be talking with Dave Elswick on KARN at 3:30 central to talk about the fiscal cliff agreement. You can listen listen live by following this link.
Today marks the beginning of the 113th Congress. What issues do you want this Congress to focus on?
The 113th Congress was sworn in today. It's an honor to represent the people of Wyoming in US Senate for 6 more years.
Senator Dan Coats (R-Ind.) today announced that he has been selected to serve on four Senate committees in the 113th Congress: Appropriations; Select Intelligence; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; and the Joint Economic Committee (JEC.).
NA
Diane Sawyer interviews the 20 women of the Senate beginning this morning on "Good Morning America," and tonight on "World News" on WMTW in Portland and WVII in Bangor.
Dallas Morning News: Texas’ new U.S. senator, Ted Cruz, is sworn in
Talking with Sen. Cruz before joining him to be sworn in as Texas' next U.S. Senator
Sen. Kirk returning to the Senate
NA
I want to thank all the Wyoming residents that have called my office or left comments here about the fiscal cliff deal. The fiscal cliff deal was not perfect by any means. Had we done nothing and not passed the bill, taxes would have gone up for every American. For Wyoming, that would have meant an approximate $3,000 increase for every tax return filed. That would have meant a lower exemption from the death tax that would have a devastating effect on our farmers, ranchers,  and small businesses. That would have meant cuts to Medicare reimbursement rates that would have an impact on the care our seniors receive and the financial support our Wyoming hospitals and providers need. Voting for the bill, which I did, locked in the current tax rates for 98 percent of Americans and permanently extends the current $5 million per-person estate tax exemption and kept the tax rate from going to 55 percent. It also prevented another economic recession that the Congressional Budget Office had said would happen if the tax increases and across-the-board spending cuts had gone into place.   Don’t get me wrong, there were many things in the bill I did not like. It was a rushed deal, with the Senate majority’s take-it-or-leave it approach.  It is the wrong way to address our problems. It’s time to stop deal making and start legislating. I weigh how each bill will affect Wyoming and there is often times not just an easy answer. In this case, I believe protecting most of our taxpayers outweighed all the things I did not support. In the coming months, we will have to address the real issues behind our debt crisis and that is out-of-control spending. That means we will actually have to cut spending, and programs that many people like will see a cut. We will have to do more with less. We didn’t get into a $16 trillion debt and $1 trillion deficits from a lack of revenue, but a lack of will to cut spending. That vote should have taken tax increases out of the equation and puts more pressure and urgency to cut spending.
NA
NA
NA
Members of the congressional delegation met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem to discuss political and security challenges facing the Middle East. In Afghanistan, the senators met with Afghan military leaders, U.S. military personnel, and top military commanders – including Major General Larry Nicholson and General John Allen, Commander of the International Security Assistance Force. Also in Afghanistan, Senator Fischer had the opportunity to meet with service-members stationed from Nebraska.
On Thursday, January 3, 2013, I was officially sworn-in as a United States Senator by Vice President Joseph Biden in the U.S. Capitol. The ceremony marked the official commencement of my six-year term in the Senate representing the state of Nebraska, as well as the start of the 113th Congress.
Earlier today, Graham attended a reception for new South Carolina Senator Tim Scott and visited new 7th District Congressman Tom Rice's office.
When it comes to raising the debt ceiling, we should not borrow any more money until we address why we're in debt.  That means entitlement reform, adjusting the age of retirement for Medicare, means testing Medicare and Social Security and CPI adjustments for the rate of inflation. That's what I want to raise the debt ceiling.
Grassley says farm bill extension is "second best option"
This week presObama got his campaign pledge tax hikes on the wealthy. He got that  Now what MrPresident?Join us in spending less
Now there are 20 women in Senate  highest ever. That's good for our nation and good for Senate
Grassley: Compromise did not address 'Washington spending problems'
Grassley on "fiscal cliff" vote: "We have a spending problem"
It is truly an honor to serve Nevadans as a U.S. Senator and I am grateful for this opportunity. Times are tough, especially for the Silver State, and I remain focused on creating a bigger, brighter future for our children and grandchildren. In order to do this, Democrats and Republicans must commit to working together so that Congress can better serve the American people. Together, we can provide the certainty Nevada families and businesses have been so hungry for. I am looking forward to the coming years because I know that the Silver State’s best days are ahead.
NA
Just finished climbing the steps of the Capitol, It is the honor of my life to represent the people of Illinois . Thank you for all the support!
One of the problems with the fiscal cliff deal was that we only had six minutes to read the bill.
McConnell Op-ed: Fiscal cliff deal not great, but it shields Americans from tax hike
Don't know if it's 'happy birthday' or 'happy anniversary,' but on this day in 1959, Alaska officially became the 49th state!
Congratulations to the record 20 women who are now sworn in as U.S. Senators for the 113th Congress!  I look forward to building solid relationships and getting real, tangible results.
Watching my boys play a pickup soccer game at the Sports Dome here in Anchorage. Wishing we were skiing and waiting for snow, but so glad to be home
In the 113th Congress, I will be joining the Senate Finance Committee as well as continuing to serve on the Senate Budget, Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and Energy and Natural Resources Committees.  In addition, Senator John Cornyn (R-TX), the incoming Senate Minority Whip, has asked me to continue serving on the Whip team as a Deputy Whip.  The Finance Committee is the place where I think I can help Ohio and my constituents most.  The big issues that must be addressed to avoid a fiscal crisis all run through the Committee, and I look forward to being in the middle of efforts to both grow the economy and address the out of control spending.  This means we must reform and preserve our vital yet unsustainable entitlement programs, modernize and simplify an out of date tax code, and substantially increase our exports by opening new markets for American workers, farmers, and service providers. The Senate Finance Committee will be at the center of each of these debates, and I'm looking forward to using the experience gained on the House Ways & Means Committee, and as the U.S. Trade Representative and Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to ensure we do what is needed to truly turn the economy around and avoid a fiscal crisis.  I’m also pleased to continue as a Deputy Whip and plan to use this important role to get our economy back on track and encourage job creation.  http://1.usa.gov/VleBSK
Congratulations to the University of Louisville football program -- Coach Charlie Strong, his staff and, most of all, the student-athletes. They should be very proud of their achievements this season, which culminated in last night's Sugar Bowl victory.
Wishing Coach Snyder and the Kansas State University Wildcats a great game. EMAW!
Senator Marco Rubio Announces Committee Assignments: http://1.usa.gov/S73Gzt
Senator Marco Rubio Announces New Staff Hires
WATCH: Sen. Shelby discusses why he voted against the fiscal cliff agreement and why it is no cure-all for an economy that is in dire need of spending cuts and fundamental entitlement and tax reform.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxtBFdCh8EE&feature=youtu.be
NA
U.S. Senate swearing in will be at noon EST on CSPAN2. You can stream at www.cspan.org
I welcome the newest members of Pennsylvania's Congressional delegation to Washington: Rep. Keith Rothfus, Congressman Matt Cartwright and Rep. Scott Perry. Looking forward to working together for the good of Pennsylvania.
My warmest congratulations to Sen. Mark Kirk on his return to the Senate today. The story of his recovery is inspiring. I’m glad to have him back.
In just a few minutes I'll be on with York WSBA News Radio's Gary Sutton to discuss the debt ceiling and the need to cut spending. Listen live here:
NA
I just took the Oath of Office for the 113th Congress. It is a honor to serve and represent the great state of Mississippi in the United States Senate.
Today, the 113th Congress will convene at 12 P.M. ET / 11 A.M. CT. Watch live as the Senate convenes: http://alturl.com/mfyik.
My former aide, Lenwood Brooks, explains on Fox News the 'fiscal cliff' and what the deal means for taxpayers.
