At yesterday's hearing in the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education with HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, Sen. Alexander said that Obamacare's definition of a full-time workweek at 30 hours or more was “providing a disincentive for full-time employment.”  Alexander asked Secretary Sebelius, “Where did the definition that a full-time worker is someone who works 30 hours or more a week come from? I can’t find it in the Fair Labor Standards Act—it sounds more like France than the United States. ...In the United States, normally we think of a full-time workweek as a 40-hour workweek."
Today is World Malaria Day. Having had opportunities to travel to Africa, I have seen first-hand the devastation malaria causes the young and the poor. The good news is that this disease is preventable, treatable and curable. We can be proud of the efforts of people in Arkansas and across the world to eradicate this disease.
These unnecessary, politically-motivated furloughs will cause a huge inconvenience for travelers. Delays that slow down air travel literally put jobs at risk throughout the aviation and travel industries. These delays also slow down businesses that rely on employee travel. Furloughing 47,000 employees, instead of prioritizing less damaging cuts, is clearly designed to confirm White House scare tactics regarding the impact of sequestration. This needs to stop immediately.
Have you been traveling this week and been delayed at an airport due to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) furloughs of air traffic controllers?  The White House is claiming the furloughs are necessary because of sequester spending cuts.  The FAA has the flexibility to make other spending cuts and avoid these furloughs.  In fact, the FAA could make cuts to the $2.7 billion it spends on non-personnel costs, but instead it is choosing to hurt the American traveler with air travel delays.  I am hopeful a solution can be worked out soon.
It is an exciting day for my friend, Former President George W. Bush and his wife, Laura. Congrats to them on the opening of the George W. Bush Presidential Center.  You can watch the opening ceremony by clicking the link below.
Today, I joined North Carolina Senator Kay Hagan and Idaho Senator Jim Risch in introducing Sensible Environmental Protection Act (SEPA).  SEPA clarifies that Clean Water Act permits are not required for pesticide applications in or near water and does away with a duplicative regulation.  These pesticide applications are one of several ways Idaho’s farmers and ranchers are being buried by costly regulations that provide little benefit to their intended purposes.  Congress must provide relief to our local communities in order to kick-start job growth and economic prosperity.
Senator Collins wrote to leaders of the Appropriations Committee today strongly opposing a proposal in the President's budget to study the feasibility of implementing fees at border crossings, such as at Maine's border with Canada.  Read more:
Honored to remember and celebrate lives of 12 fallen volunteer firefighters lost in West explosion and their families at Baylor University today.
AP: Obama, Cornyn, Perry to Speak at West Memorial:
Senator Corker today said a U.S. intelligence assessment that chemical agents have been used in Syria is “deeply troubling.”  Corker was among a bipartisan group of senators yesterday who sent a letter to the president asking for an unclassified answer to whether “the Assad regime – or Syrian elements associated with, or supported by, the Assad regime – used chemical weapons in Syria since the current conflict began in March 2011.” “Today, the White House stated that the intelligence community has ‘assess[ed] with varying degrees of confidence that the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons on a small scale in Syria, specifically the chemical agent, Sarin.’ This assessment is deeply troubling, and if correct, means that President Obama’s redline has certainly been crossed. While more work needs to be done to fully verify this assessment—like making sure we understand the chain of custody of the evidence—it is becoming increasingly clear that we must step up our efforts. I should make clear, however, that it if it comes to the use of military force, before the president takes any action to commit U.S. forces to any effort in Syria or elsewhere, I expect him to fully consult with the Senate and seek an authorization for the use of military force,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/ZvRN8M.
Watch Senator Corker today at 1:35 p.m. ET on MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Reports to talk about the need for more American leadership to prevent a collapse of Syria that would put the U.S. at risk: http://nyti.ms/12HPEqf.
We have a greater need than ever for financial literacy across the country.  It was nice to have Curtis Biggs of Sheridan with us in Washington this week.  Curtis is the vice president of the Wyoming chapter of the Jump$tart Coalition.
So pleased the Senate unanimously adopted the bipartisan resolution I offered with Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) honoring the story of a beloved Nebraska native and personal hero of mine, Jack Hoffman, while raising awareness for pediatric brain cancer. In case you missed it live, here’s the video of my speech on the Senate floor today introducing the resolution that designates September 26, 2013 as “National Pediatric Brain Cancer Awareness Day.”
I will be speaking on the Senate floor around 12:00 pm CT about Team Jack and the resolution I am introducing to promote pediatric brain cancer awareness. Tune in to CSPAN-2 to watch live or online here: http://cs.pn/i1Erdp
The Obama Administration is having a hard time embracing the fact we are at war with radical Islam.   Between Benghazi and Boston, we’re going backwards in national security. The Administration is letting its guard down and it's beginning to show.
Report: IRS issued $11 billion in improper refunds in 2012
If Congress is going to force #ObamaCare on the American people, then Members of Congress should be required to enroll. I’ve said so since day one.  Read my statement here: http://1.usa.gov/ZPySRD
Recent media headlines that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has stopped cooperating with investigators after being mirandized should come as no surprise. This development only reinforces that the Obama Administration's misguided rush to criminalize terrorist investigations comes at the expense of our national security. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-presidents-misguided-rush-to-criminalize-terrorist-investigations-comes-at-expense-of-national-security
NA
There's no need to furlough Air Traffic Controllers and force passengers to deal with delays. The post-sequester FAA budget for 2013 is greater than President Obama's request for 2014. Further, President Obama threatened a veto on legislation I supported to give him flexibility in making sequester cuts. The President should cancel the furlough.
Congratulations to Jessica Steinberg of Northbrook and Daniel Floyd of Olympia Fields for each winning a 2013 NFIB Young Entrepreneur Award.
Here is Wired's coverage of the Leahy-Lee Electronic Communications Privacy Amendments Act that passed out of the Judiciary Committee today.
If anyone gets any good pictures of the Y on Y Mountain tonight as it is lit up for graduation, tweet them to @SenMikeLee.  I want to show them to Joe Manchin, since he had questions about the Y in this committee hearing today.
Government agencies like the IRS believe they don't need a warrant to access personal emails that have been stored for longer than 180 days.  Today the Judiciary Committee favorably reported legislation that I have coauthored with Senator Patrick Leahy to protect the privacy of emails, texts, and social media posts. You can learn more about the Electronic Communications Privacy Amendments Act here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/4/senate-judiciary-committee-approves-leahy-lee-electronic-communications-privacy-amendments-act
NA
McConnell: "Americans can rest assured that Republicans will keep working to repeal this law. I hope more of the President’s allies will join us in that fight too. Because we all owe our country better than this. So, for the sake of my constituents in Kentucky and for the sake of Americans across the country, I urge my friends on the other side to join with Republicans and stop this ‘train wreck’ before things get even worse."
Tonight at 6:30 p.m. CT I'll visit with Larry Kudlow on CNBC about the ongoing efforts in the Senate to stop the Obama Administration from furloughing air traffic controllers and closing contract control towers. The safety and convenience of American travelers should not be held hostage to prove a political point. Please tune in.
While I did not vote for sequestration, I believe we must now use common sense to fix the circumstance we find ourselves needlessly in. There is no reason for Americans to be sitting on tarmacs across the country – the fact is, even with sequestration there is more money in the FAA's budget this year than the President requested in his budget for next year. I visited with Jon Scott on Fox News today about my efforts to get the FAA to use the flexibility it does have to end the furloughs and protect control towers.
I'm looking forward to speaking with Fox News Channel's Jon Scott on Happening Now at 10 a.m. CT about the Federal Aviation Administration's furloughs and disproportionate cuts due to sequestration. Hope you'll tune in.
I'm now on the floor of the U.S. Senate discussing taking advantage of Alaska's and America's bounty of renewable energy opportunities with my colleague from across the aisle Senator Coons of Delaware.  It's about "all of the above" energy. http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
The snow is melting and rivers and streams are thawing.  It’s time to start thinking about the subsistence that will fill our freezers, pantries and bellies.  I'm having a second subsistence listening session next Thursday in Glennallen and I hope you’ll come and make your voices heard on this important issue:
Earlier today, I took to the Senate floor to discuss orphan diseases and to urge for the acceptance of foreign drug studies.  Click here to watch my speech: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZagVEr8CTQ
My DC staff is moving into a new office today. Phones and computers will be down most of the day - we will work to get them back quickly. Thank you for your patience.
I had a great meeting with Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, Wayne Clough, today. They are doing some exciting things at the Smithsonian's 19 museums, 9 research centers and more than 140 affiliate museums around the world, if you are in the area this spring or summer be sure to check one out!
Celebrating the Dole plaque Dedication at the WWII Memorial with my friends, colleagues and American heroes Bob Dole and the late great Daniel Inouye #tbt
If you are sitting there stuck on the runway, understand that the FAA and the Administration had plenty of time to work on solutions to ensure budget cuts did not inconvenience the traveling public.  Make no mistake, the Administration insisted that air traffic controllers be furloughed in order to make you, the taxpayer, inconvenienced.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdGtKBfRdMo
Rubio Comments On Syrian Regime’s Use Of Chemical Weapons: http://1.usa.gov/10fJ1WT
Senator Rubio Welcomes House Efforts On Immigration: http://1.usa.gov/17kF9dk
ICYMI: Rubio: Today’s Broken Immigration System Is Bad For Our Country: http://1.usa.gov/14dvRSo VIDEO: http://bit.ly/17XCN2I  Senator Marco Rubio: “The immigration reform issue for me is not a politically motivated one. It is motivated by a very simple fact: what we have today is chaos. We have de facto amnesty. We have an immigration system that is not good for this country. It is very bad for this country, and it needs to be fixed. And I’m just trying to figure out a way to fix it. I think we’ve come up with a decent starting part, a very good one, and I hope to be able to improve upon it. And I am looking for ways to make it even better, but I can tell you leaving it the way it is right now is crazy. It is bad for our country.”
Encourage folks to watch this video of Sen. Sessions from today's Judiciary Committee hearing:
I oppose Congress exempting itself from Obamacare. Every American should be saved from this legislation together through full repeal.
Recent Democrats' quotes on Obamacare - "I just see a huge train wreck coming down" and it is "just beyond comprehension."   http://blog.heritage.org/2013/04/18/dem-senator-obamacare-a-train-wreck-coming/
My state director, Bob DeSousa, speaks to a government class at McCaskey High School in Lancaster. The class has been following closely the debate over our national debt.
My regional manager for central Pennsylvania, Steve Kelly, was on hand to help constituents at this Lancaster County casework day at Senator Mike Brubaker's Lititz office. My staff holds events like these regularly across the commonwealth. Be sure to check your local newspaper for a casework day near you.
Many of you have asked about the news reports saying members of Congress are trying to exempt themselves from Obamacare. My staff and I are not exempt from this massive, harmful overhaul of America’s health-care system. Three years ago, I voted against Obamacare. My resolve to repeal this error-laden law is as firm today as it was then. I want every American to be exempt from Obamacare, not just those who were directly involved in authoring and forcing this law upon the American people.
Today is World Malaria Day, a day set aside as a rallying point to support the accomplishments to date in the effort to eliminate malaria and to reaffirm a target date of 2015 for ending malaria deaths around the globe. I remain committed to advancing efforts by the United States to eradicate malaria once and for all.  Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/04/a-day-of-resolve-to-eradicate-malaria-90582.html#ixzz2RUmgGNP8
Yesterday, the Senate unanimously passed a resolution I sponsored commending employees of the Senate Post Office, employees of the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, members of the Capitol Police, and members of the Capitol Hill community for their courage and professionalism following the biochemical attack against the Senate on April 16, 2013. You can read the text of my resolution here: ow.ly/kpWsk.
