NA
My wife Cathy is touring Arkansas with us this week. We visited the Montgomery County Nursing Home in Mt. Ida and tried not to interrupt the Bingo game.
Did you get our latest newsletter? You can get it sent right to your email by signing up on our homepage www.boozman.senate.gov
Weekly Op-Ed: For the first time in almost four years, the U.S. Senate marked up and completed action on a budget.  This debate was welcomed, as it is required by law to take up and pass a budget.  However, the budget that passed is more of the same old irresponsible budgeting.  I joined many colleagues in offering amendments to improve the bill, but ultimately there was not much change from the blueprint I voted against in committee.  We must do better and I will continue to press for the enactment of sound fiscal policy that controls spending and reforms our over-burdensome tax code.
WSJ: only 14 (6 of them in Texas) of the nation's 100 biggest metropolitan areas have more jobs now than they did before the 2008-09 recession.
Dept. of Homeland Security responds to questions about ammo purchases
Proud to join @GovernorPerry @SenTedcruz & @DavidHDewhurst to discuss ways to #fixmedicaid. We can do better for the most vulnerable Texans.
Flashback: SCOTUS calls coerced Medicaid expansion a "gun to the head of the states"
Following a trip to Japan, China and South Korea, Sen. Corker is on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports” now to discuss threats from North Korea.  In Seoul on Friday, March 29, Corker met with General James Thurman, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea, and later held discussions focused on North Korea with South Korean President Park Gyun-hye and the ministers for foreign affairs and defense.
Sen. Corker is on Fox News’ “America’s Newsroom” now to discuss North Korea following his recent trip to Japan, China and South Korea.  In Seoul on Friday, he met with General James Thurman, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea, and later held discussions focused on North Korea with South Korean President Park Gyun-hye and the ministers for foreign affairs and defense.
President Obama promised to lower health care premiums by up to $2,500 by the end of his first term.
 
 April Fools!
You can't make this stuff up: NYT forced to issue a correction on Easter, a blessed holiday about which they apparently were not that familiar...
Sitting down with Gov. Rick Perry, Sen. John Cornyn, and other Texas leaders discussing the devastating impact Medicaid Expansion would have on Texas and the importance of opposing it.
President Obama: "If you like the plan you have, you can keep it."
 
 April Fools!
President Obama: "I will not sign a plan that adds one dime to our deficits." 
 
 April Fools!
Held a town hall meeting in Prescott last week. Thanks for all the good questions.
Q&A with Chuck Grassley on Tax E-Filing
19 politics students at UNI asked Qs abt Same sex marriage, Budget, Obamacare& Guns.
Speaking to Prof. Larimer's UNI class at 2 this afternoon.  Look forward Q&A w students in Iowa Politics class.
Grassley still tours all 99 Iowa counties every year
I spoke with CNN's Wolf Blitzer earlier regarding my tour today on the Texas-Mexico border. Tune in at 4:28PM CST for the interview.
I am proud to present Colonel Noferi with the Legion Merit award in recognition of the numerous contributions that he has made as an Army Reservist
"Their approach is carefully orchestrated, and they are operating on the premise that taking a principled constitutional stand with a little dramatic flair will rally people to their cause. Properly executed, they hope the upcoming filibuster will refocus the gun-control debate, which has been mired in technical details, on the meaning of the Second Amendment. "
What Americans need and want is something that Obamacare sorely lacks -- a little legislative humility. Washington shouldn't pretend that it has a magic wand to waive that will solve something as complex as health care. When you try that, what you get is 2,000-page laws and 10 times that in new regulations, which make things worse.
This afternoon I was delighted to speak at the dedication of Children’s Mercy Specialty Clinics in Wichita, their first permanent clinic outside the Kansas City Metroplex. Last year alone, Children’s Mercy experienced more than 3,400 patient visits from Wichita and more than 4,500 from Sedgwick County. In response to that demand, Children’s Mercy expanded its presence and will offer a variety of essential pediatric services—all good news for families in Sedgwick County and the surrounding communities.  It was also good to see Children's Mercy CEO Rand O'Donnell. He presented me with a black and gold Wichita State Shocker scarf, which I'm wearing proudly.
Its a beautiful Alaskan spring night here in Anchorage- perfect for spending time with family.  Hope everyone had a wonderful Easter!
With one of my heroes growing up, Reds great and Hall of Fame 2nd baseman, Joe Morgan.
Great meeting Stephanie Carnohan and her daughter in Washington from Walterboro this past week!
My Northwest Regional Manager, Sheila Sterrett, is pictured with PA House Representative Marty Causer and Jerry Barnett, Chairman of the Potter County Conservation District.  They were at the PCCD’s legislative luncheon at the Susquehannock Lodge in Potter County.
April 1 marks the 150th anniversary the commonwealth of PA accepting the federal land grant and the designation of the Agricultural College of Pennsylvania as the sole land grant university for the state.  That arrangement became Penn State – a world-class teaching, research, and service institution. http://www.sesquicentennial.psu.edu/
NA
