Sen. Alexander today reintroduced the Balanced Budget Amendment to U.S. Constitution, saying “For eight years as governor I balanced Tennessee’s budget, and other states balance their budgets – I don’t see why Washington can’t do the same.”  Share this post if you want Washington to get serious about the debt and pass the Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution. http://tinyurl.com/bthe2sm
“What I hope to hear the president say is that he’s going to lead on the biggest challenge facing our country: fixing the debt. The Medicare trustees have told us that in a dozen years, the Medicare program won’t have enough money to pay seniors’ medical bills. This absolutely requires presidential leadership to fix the problem. Senator Corker and I have introduced legislation that will reduce out-of-control entitlement spending by a trillion dollars over ten years to make the fund solvent enough so Medicare can pay medical bills. The president now needs to introduce his own plan, and then we can work together to fix the problem and fix the debt.”
Great to see WKXL's Chris Ryan and Jeanne Lester here on Capitol Hill for last night's State of the Union -- thanks for stopping by!
NA
Senator Ayotte's Statement on State of the Union Address   Feb 12, 2013   Senator Ayotte's statement on the President's State of the Union address:   "While I welcome the president's openness to simplifying our tax code to spur economic growth, as well as his acknowledgment that we must reform Medicare to preserve it, I'm concerned that he proposed many new programs without saying how we could afford them. With over $16 trillion in debt and the economic challenges we face, we need to enact a large deficit reduction plan that includes tax reform and entitlement reform, and a Balanced Budget Amendment to put permanent limits on Washington spending."
Sat down with Politico’s Mike Allen this morning to discuss President Obama’s State of the Union address. Take a moment to watch my comments and share your take on last night’s address below.
This was the eighth time in four years the president said 'it’s now time to focus on the economy.' Darn right it’s time to focus on the economy. We need to focus on the private sector, on energy, on job creation – that really will help make America what America can be.
Click below to see a video of my questions to Jack Lew, the President's nominee to serve as Treasury Secretary.
President Obama’s State of the Union address sounded a lot like rhetoric we have heard from him in years past, but as we have learned, actions speak louder than words.  It is time for the President to stop lecturing Congress and face the facts – his policies have failed, and they are making our economy worse.  Our national debt is at an all time high, unemployment is rampant, and federal spending threatens to bankrupt our entitlement programs and will bury the next generation of Americans in debt.    Many of the challenges the President addressed tonight are the direct result of expanding the size and scope of the federal government and increasing the debt limit in hopes of putting our economy back on the right track.  However, as families in North Carolina and across the nation know, throwing money at our problems is not the way to address our economic issues.     Words alone will not turn our economy around and put America back on the right track.  I hope the President will work with Congress to reform our entitlement programs so they are viable for future generations of Americans and fix our tax code so that we can promote job creation, encourage economic growth, and provide a prosperous, fiscally sound future for American families.
Enjoyed visiting with a group of bright young students who were in town from Mount St. Mary Academy in Little Rock to take part in the Close-Up program
Did you watch the State of the Union tonight? What did you think of the President's speech. Read my thoughts at the link below.
Senator Jim Risch and I introduced a bill today to increase hydro-power development, create rural jobs, and lower electricity prices.
My speech on the Senate floor today
NA
Welcome home, to the Idaho National Guard Members who completed a tour of duty in Afghanistan. I am happy to have you back home and thank you and your families for your service.
Click the link below to watch the confirmation hearing of Treasury Secretary nominee, Jack Lew. I will be asking Mr. Lew questions about the state of our economy and tax reform.
VIDEO: Unfortunately, the State of the Union Address tonight was more of the same.
News Release: The next four years are pivotal for our country’s future.  The most pressing issue facing us is our mounting debt crisis, yet the President offered no new plan tonight.  Our massive, $16.5 trillion debt is being made worse by unsustainable entitlement programs that will continue to remain that way until the White House presents leadership on the issue to improve them.  Tax reform was mentioned tonight, but focused on raising rates rather than comprehensive reform to encourage job growth.  Unless the President decides to work with Congress on these serious issues, the very American dream is threatened for future generations.
Senators Collins and King call to congratulate Bill Kayatta shortly after the Senate overwhelmingly votes to confirm him to a seat on the First Circuit Court of Appeals.
Texans, if you're on Instagram you can follow me here for photos from events in Texas and D.C.:
PHOTO: Nice to meet with UT Southwestern’s Daniel Podolsky this week:
Weekly Standard: Balanced Budget Amendment Introduced in Senate:
VIDEO: Cornyn: Time to Embrace the Texas Model:
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn to Sec. Napolitano: I do not believe our border is secure:
Letter of support from NFIB for my Balanced Budget Amdt, which I introduced today:
Today, Sec. Napolitano appeared before the Judiciary Committee. She said “I believe the border is secure.” I ask, what is the biggest whopper coming out of the Administration?
Cornyn, Senate Republicans Introduce Balanced Budget Amendment:
Nat Review: "Behind the scenes...John Cornyn of Texas has led the process" for a Balanced Budget Amendment:
Jack Lew, nominated as Treasury Secretary, is testifying now before the Senate Finance Committee
Sec. Napolitano testifying at Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on immigration reform
Cornyn: last night's speech was "one prescription for big government after another:"
Jay Leno: "Oh, and for the first time ever...when the President walks into the chamber, instead of 'Hail to the Chief,' they played 'Hey, Big Spender.' I thought that was kind of interesting."
Will be joining Sean Hannity live on Fox News at 10 pm CT tonight to give my reaction to the State of the Union Address. Hope you'll tune in!
I spoke with Postmaster General Donahoe today at a committee hearing.  I suggested rural customers and Postal Service employees have ideas the Postal Service needs to help cut costs.
Hearing President Obama’s State of the Union speech Tuesday made me wonder if he thinks he leads a country that has a lot of money.  For more of my thoughts click the link below.
I'm so happy that my dear friend, Lavon Heidemann, has been appointed Lt. Governor. He is a good solid man with a deep love for Nebraska and he will represent our state well. Congratulations!
So good to see the Nebraska LEAD Program Group 32 in Washington, DC as part of their national study tour. I had the opportunity to speak with the participants prior to the Nebraska Breakfast today. As a LEAD 8 alum, I know how great the program is as it develops ag leaders within our state.
The first Nebraska Breakfast of the 113th Congress was this morning. It was great to have such a good turnout of fellow Nebraskans and I look forward to continuing this 70 year tradition with U.S. Senator Mike Johanns, Congressman Jeff Fortenberry, Congressman Lee Terry, and Congressman Adrian Smith. Thanks to all who attended!
I am disappointed that instead of using the State of the Union address to propose realistic ideas for dealing with our growing national debt, the president called for even more government spending funded by higher taxes. I agree that we need to address job creation and avoid sequestration, but Washington can only achieve these objectives through solutions that generate economic growth and balance our budget with sensible cuts to government waste. Watch my full reaction to the president’s speech here:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORxJLICrhsM
President Obama has a chance to enforce existing gun laws in a way that would make us all safer. We don't need a cheerleader right now for new gun laws. We need somebody to enforce the laws we have.
The President's speech tonight, was more big government at a time when we need less. His economic policies are hurting our economy and he seems to have an insatiable appetite for taxation.  In addition, President Obama also did not seriously address the foreign policy and national security challenges of our time. Radical Islam is on the rise and his decision to leave Iraq without any troops is coming back to haunt us. I am afraid his plan on Afghanistan will do the same. Our friend and close ally Israel has never needed us more. And every day that goes by where we don't address the Iranian desire to acquire nuclear weapons is a bad day for peace-loving people around the world.  In President Obama's second term, I intend to work with him where I can -- starting with immigration reform and stronger border security -- and say no when I must.
Treasury secretary nominee still unfamiliar with Ugland House
Concern About Leveling Off of IRS Whistleblower Cases
Reaction to the State of the Union Address
Grateful for the opportunity to serve as Ranking Member on Commerce Subcommittee on Consumer Protection.  http://1.usa.gov/UfHVxh
Here are my thoughts on last night’s State of the Union Address. What did you think? Comment below.  As Nevada and our nation continue to struggle with high unemployment, finding common ground to move our nation forward is more critical today than ever. In order to make sure that America’s best days are ahead of us we must commit to problem solving and getting something done.  The state of Nevada is facing incredible challenges and I am certain that with the right policies in place, we can bolster economic growth and fix the uncertainty not only in in the Silver State, but across the country. There is no question that we will need to work together and compromise in order to solve the problems facing the American people.  Last night and in past addresses, President Obama has made promises about reducing our growing $16 trillion debt and bringing fiscal responsibility to Washington. To date, those have been empty promises. I hope this time the President is finally serious about reducing long-term spending and debt and working with members of both sides of the aisle on solutions that can pass Congress. http://1.usa.gov/YXbnqG
NA
I will be on C-SPANs Washington Journal at 8:30AM CST this morning to discuss the State of the Union. You can watch live here, http://cs.pn/e1vwvH
I hope you will take a moment to watch my response to the President's State of the Union address last night: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxFXuOyc2cU
For Hadiya and thousands of other victims of gun violence, we must break through the typical Washington process and actually get something done that will save lives http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=625
Getting ready for the State of the Union, therapists like Mike Klonowski change people's lives for the better everyday.
I was honored to recognize my former chief of staff, Spencer Stokes, in this tribute that I delivered earlier today.  "When God looked down on the Senate, He realized that the senators alone could never keep things running. He said, 'I need a caretaker!' So, God made a chief of staff"  Thank you, Spencer!
In addition to questioning Secretary Napolitano on immigration reform today, I also introduced two pieces of legislation that should fix our broken immigration system: The Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants act would eliminate per country caps en employment-based immigrants.  The Dairy and Sheep H2A (DASH) Act would allo dairy workers, sheepherders and goat herders to apply for year-round positions through the H2A visa program instead of seasonal visas.  Both of these bill have enjoyed strong bipartisan support, and there is no reason why Congress shouldn't pass common sense solutions to our broken immigration system.
Last night the president laid out a plan to perpetually expand the role of the federal government.
Having a little fun at the State of the Union last night with Senators Schumer and Graham. Photo credit: AP
NA
McConnell: ‘Kentuckians aren’t interested in false promises; they want to hear what we’re planning to do to streamline government and bring it up to date. They want to hear what it’s going to take to lower the cost of living, and the cost of education and health care. They want to hear what it’s going to take to create good jobs. The President didn’t do any of those things tonight.'
Tune in to The Kudlow Report tonight at 6 p.m. CT on CNBC to hear Steve Case and I discuss Startup Act 3.0.  The new bill creates both Entrepreneur and STEM Visas for highly-educated and entrepreneurial immigrants to stay in the United States where their talent and new ideas can fuel economic growth and create American jobs.  To learn more about Startup Act 3.0, see the link below.
With 23 million Americans unemployed or underemployed, I was hoping the President would outline an agenda focused on policies that promote economic growth, job creation, and opportunities for every American in his State of the Union address last night. Unfortunately, he delivered the same message of higher taxes and spending, more regulation of our lives and businesses, and refused to address the need for solvent Social Security and Medicare programs. It is no wonder our economy is shrinking and businesses not hiring.  Read my full statement via the link below.
It was a pleasure meeting Kansas City Kansas Community College Trustee Mary Ann Flunder tonight at the Kansas Association of Community College Trustees Reception. Mary Ann is my guest at President's State of the Union address this evening, and I appreciate all she does to support higher education in Kansas.
A small win today in our fight against Frankenfish.  The FDA just announced they have heard Alaskans' concerns, along with those of hundreds of consumer, environmental and religious groups, and are extending the Frankenfish comment period an extra sixty days til April 26th.  Please keep weighing in, and invite others to join us as we try to keep GE salmon off our shelves.
Heading into the House chamber sit with my Senate colleague Mark Udall, a Democrat from Colorado, for the State of the Union.  Let’s move our country forward together- sitting together is a small step toward that goal.
Just say NO to Frankenfish!  A big thank you to the Sitka Conservation Society for these great pictures!
Great pictures from Sitka's Say No to GMO Salmon rally this weekend!  I have been fighting Frankenfish for years and I love to see this kind of community involvement.  If you want to weigh in, make sure to have your comments to the FDA by the 25th.
I went on CNN's Starting Point this morning to talk about the President's State of the Union Address. Watch it here:
I am prepared to hold the nomination of John Brennan as the Director of the CIA, until I receive sufficient answers regarding the misuse of drones on U.S. Citizens.   Read my entire release here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=705
"I was particularly insulted when President Obama said he cut the deficit by $2 trillion.  What planet does he live on?"  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoY8EZKkwaA
I’ll be paying close attention to the President’s State of the Union Address and offering the official Tea Party response afterward. You can watch my response live here: http://static.teapartyexpress.org/
"If Congress refuses to obey its own rules, if Congress refuses to pass a budget, if Congress refuses to read the bills, then I say: Sweep the place clean. Limit their terms and send them home!"  To hear the rest of my Tea Party response to the President's State of the Union Address, tune in here around 10:30 p.m. ET: www.teapartyexpress.org
The Senate floor was Purple today as Jerry Moran and I introduced a resolution to recognize Kansas State University's 150th Anniversary. Since its beginning, even before Kansas joined the union as a free state, all the way up to today, Kansas State University continues to provide a first rate education to thousands of students. I am proud of our history and look forward to the future as the University strives to become one of the top 50 public research institutions in the country. I have no doubt we’ll make it. EMAW! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0Dm2yFsxhs
Click the link watch Treasury Secretary nominee Jack Lew's confirmation hearing in the Senate Finance Committee http://ht.ly/hGek5
The President has proposed more of the same tax and spend policies that have left us with a nearly $17 trillion and climbing debt and with many still out of work. Rather than at least a path toward fiscal responsibility, we got another campaign speech.  Kansans are tired of the brinksmanship. They are sick of the unknown; are tired of the government regulations, the taxes and the rising costs and uncertainty of the new health care law. They are fearful of the future for their children and grandchildren. If it was the President’s intention to lead the nation to an economic recovery, I am afraid the President missed the mark.  The administration is already targeting painful cuts within the President’s own proposed sequester. In the coming days we will have to see if the President is serious about actions to avoid the pending disaster that is his sequester. If he does not, the American people will again be driven to the brink with a stalled economy.
Senator Rubio joined Senator Cornyn & Senate Republican to introduce a Balanced Budget Amendment: http://1.usa.gov/YY1edo  #Debt
Today, Senator Rubio introduced legislation to expand school choice. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/V9C0LW
What Conservatives Are Saying About Rubio’s Response To The State Of The Union: http://1.usa.gov/WJfsjv
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses GOP Response And Middle Class Opportunity Agenda On Series Of Morning Shows. All the interviews are available here: http://1.usa.gov/14Svj1f
What did you think of Senator Rubio’s response to the State of the Union? Let us know below & share the video with your friends. http://youtu.be/Ip21GYBwqlg
Senator Rubio is about to start the Republican response to the State of the Union. Watch live at the link provided below and tell us what you think.
NA
Sen. Sessions sent a letter to Commerce Department Acting Secretary Rebecca Blank regarding the need to maintain anti-dumping duties and the negative impact that lack of enforcement on “fair value” pricing, for Vietnamese produced frozen fish fillets, has on the U.S. market.
Sen. Sessions comments on the State of the Union:   “Once again President Obama failed to look the American people in the eye and tell them the truth about our perilous financial condition or the egregious waste of taxpayer dollars that occurs every day. Excessive debt is pulling down growth, destroying jobs and incomes, and threatening every American worker. The President’s policies are creating dependency and poverty. No longer can we measure compassion by how much we spend on poverty but how many people we help to lift out of poverty. Our shared focus must be to help more Americans find good paying jobs and the ability to support themselves and their families.   Additionally, President Obama’s remarks on immigration are deeply troubling. The biggest obstacle we face to reform is this nation’s failure to establish lawfulness in the system. The President’s immigration plan meets the desire of businesses for low-wage foreign workers while doing nothing to protect struggling American workers. President Obama’s plan also ignores the dire warnings of federal law enforcement officers. Just today, the president of the ICE agents’ union wrote the White House and expressed his concern that ICE officers have been kept out of White House immigration meetings, detailing their many concerns over the evisceration of federal immigration law.  In that letter, he explained: ‘Until these concerns are resolved, I fear that any enforcement mechanisms in a future immigration bill will, like the laws already on the books, not be enforced.’”
Excited to serve as the top Republican on the Senate Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on Competitiveness, Innovation, and Export Promotion. The lessons we’ve learned in South Carolina will be incredibly important as we work to unleash opportunity for all Americans, and I look forward to bringing some of those common sense, real world solutions to the committee.
I was happy to accept the 2013 Friend of Rural Water Award from the Pennsylvania Rural Water Association. The EPA has agreed to my proposed changes in its burdensome regulations and now local communities and water authorities nationwide will save millions of dollars a year in reduced paperwork. By allowing water authorities to post their reports online instead of paying for mailers few will read, these utilities will be able to pass on the savings to consumers or improve their services.
My response to President Obama's State of the Union address tonight:   "I was glad the president tonight addressed both the need to bring our out-of-control spending and deficits under control and that he spent a lot of time focusing on the need for economic growth and job creation. I disagree about the idea that we ought to raise taxes yet again.  But if the president is willing to look at some of the areas where we can curb spending, I'd be delighted to work with him to help put us on a sustainable fiscal path. The president talked about the opportunity for tax reform - I couldn't agree more that there's a chance to really generate economic growth and job creation through tax reform.  We could start with repeal of the medical device tax, an idea that has broad bipartisan support in the House and the Senate.  Medical device tax is job crushing and costing us thousands of jobs in Pennsylvania. Repealing it would be very pro-growth.  And finally on the energy front, the president spent a lot of time talking about energy. Energy is really, in many ways, the key to strong economic growth. We could start - really kick-starting - our energy profile by improving the Keystone Pipeline, creating the thousands and thousands of jobs - including many in Pennsylvania - that would go toward the development of that pipeline and helping North American oil to flow.  So there are many areas where we can work together and help to restore fiscal discipline, put us on a path to a balanced budget, and get this economy moving again. And I look forward to working with anyone in either party to help us achieve those goals."
