At a press conference today at Old Hickory Dam, Sen. Alexander  told anglers and other community members that he will introduce legislation next week to delay the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ “unreasonable plan to restrict fishing below Cumberland River dams that will destroy remarkably good recreational opportunities and many jobs.”
  
 Alexander said, “Water spills through the Cumberland River dams less than 20 percent of the time on average. To close off the tailwaters to fishing 100 percent of the time would be like keeping the gate down at the railroad crossing 100 percent of the time: The track isn't dangerous when the train isn’t coming, and the tailwaters aren’t dangerous when the water isn’t spilling through the dam.” http://tinyurl.com/bafhck6
NASHVILLE: Sen. Alexander will be on the Cumberland River at Old Hickory Dam TODAY at 11 a.m. CST—rain or shine—with Ed Carter of the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency and Mike Butler of the Tennessee Wildlife Federation, and other members of the community concerned about the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to limit fishing in tailwaters below dams along the Cumberland River.
NA
I also spoke with Mark Reardon on KMOX today about the potential impact of sequestration. Take a moment to listen and share your thoughts below.
Good to talk with Renee Hulshof and Mark Farnen on KFRU this morning about the potential impact of sequestration why we need the Democrat-controlled Senate to finally pass a budget.
The Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) helps preserve parks and wildlife habitats using funds from oil and gas royalties.  What North Carolina park or landmark supported by LWCF is your favorite?
A reminder for those planning on traveling out of the country over spring break: get your passports/visas sooner rather than later. If you are planning an international trip in March or April, U.S. Passport officials strongly recommend paying the extra fee to expedite your passport. A standard application is taking six weeks or longer to process. An expedited application is usually two weeks.
I stand with Hobby Lobby and similar organizations affected by the HHS mandate. Freedom of religion is a core American principle, and we cannot pick and choose when to adhere to the Constitution and when to cast it aside in order to achieve political prerogatives.
NA
VIDEO: The McClure Symposium on Fiscal Issues was a great event. Click below to watch the panel discussion on the need to get to work on a bipartisan deal that includes entitlement and tax reform if we’re going to solve the debt crisis.
The debt crisis I so often speak about is not about austerity, but rather simple arithmetic.  Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) noted on Tuesday night at the Fiscal Symposium in Boise that you can’t look at the government’s balance sheet and not realize we have a problem.  We must act now to deal with this crisis.
Jonathan, a young Idahoan has it right. We must work together as a team for the future of America. Hope you will "Like" and "Share" his video.
This week, Senator Collins spoke to the Bangor Rotary Club.  Her topics included the current state of the economy and the potential impact of scheduled cuts.  You can listen to her entire address here.
Watch this video to hear Senator Collins thanking the hard-working men and women at the New Balance factory in Norway.
Sen. Collins visited the New Balance factory in Norway today.
 She is urging the Department of Defense to consider purchasing domestically manufactured footwear, such as Made in the USA New Balance products, for incoming service members.
 
 http://1.usa.gov/Zigba9
1394 days since the D controlled Senate passed a budget
Big thanks to students in “Texans Standing Tall” from Caprock HS in Amarillo for the mural.
Lubbock Avalanche-Journal: Cornyn, Cruz Call for Delay in Action on Lesser Prairie Chicken
AP: Texas Senators Cornyn, Cruz Seek Delay in Decision on Grouse:
Houston Chron: Cornyn and Cruz Call for Hagel Nomination to be Withdrawn:
KCBD Lubbock: Cornyn Requests Extension on Lesser Prairie Chicken Decision:
Wash Post: Cornyn, 14 Sens Call for Withdrawal of Hagel Nomination:
Cornyn Calls on Obama to Withdraw Hagel Nomination:
Does President Obama talk to his own Secretary of Defense?
Cornyn Requests Extension on Decision to List Lesser Prairie Chicken as Threatened Species:
Calling into KSEV with Edd Hendee at 8:07 CT to discuss the sequester, listen in if you can:
Americans for Prosperity Gives Cornyn 'A' Rating for 112th Congress:
KUHF Houston: Cornyn Announces Bill to Target Human Trafficking
Thank you to everyone who shared their ideas with me yesterday in Powell and Thermopolis. Today I plan to be in Riverton at the Fremont County Library Community Room, 1330 W. Park Ave., from 10:00am- 11:00am. I then plan to be in Rock Springs at the White Mountain Library, 2935 Sweetwater Drive, from 4:00pm-5:00pm. If you live in the area, I look forward to seeing you at my next public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions.
NA
Joining Gary Sadlemyer on 1110 KFAB OMAHA'S NEWS SOURCE Good Morning Show at 7:40 AM CT Thursday morning. Tune in!
Trey Gowdy and I today wrote Attorney General Eric Holder asking why the Department of Justice is prosecuting only a small fraction of the convicted felons and fugitives from justice who are failing background checks under the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS).  • 76,142 individuals failed a gun purchase background check in 2010. • 19 percent of the denials (13,862) were based on the applicant being a fugitive from justice.  • Another 2.5 percent (1,923) involved felons and unlawful firearms possession.   • Only 13 of the 76,142 failed background checks resulted in guilty pleas.  While we understand that not every denial needs to be prosecuted, every case involving a fugitive from justice or felon in possession of a firearm should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Week of annual #99countymeetings ended w/ enjoyable mtg/tour of Walter G Anderson company in Newton.  Was 16th mtg this week.
#99countymeetings DSM Rotary 95 ppl Sequestration Gun control/ammo H-1B visa Keystone pipeline Cybersecurity Social Security Hagel Farm bill
#99countymeetings Adel DeSoto Minburn HS 175 students Qs: Environment Guns Obamacare Min wage Welfare Farm policy Nuclear energy Marijuana
Grassley:  Ames Student Selected by Naval Academy
Grassley Disappointed in Treasury Secretary Nominee's Responses
#99countymeetings 29 ppl Guthrie Center Q: Farm bill Benghazi Hagel Sequestration Term limits North Korea/Iran Guns Immigration EPA regs
#99countymeetings greenfield 41ppl   ObamaCare BlueCrossPrices FoodLabeling Budget SocSec F&F FarmBill ExecOrders Drones ForeignAid Cut more
Here's The Scoop - Chuck Grassley's eNewsletter
A wonderful ceremony was held today at the State Capitol in honor of Army Staff Sgt. Clinton Romesha who was awarded the Medal of Honor earlier this month. ND is proud of Clint, and we extend our deepest thanks to him.
Make no mistake; a vote for cloture is a vote to confirm Sen. Hagel as next Secretary of Defense: http://freebeacon.com/inhofe-warns-gop-over-hagel-vote/
Four days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense. As I shared in the former Senator’s nomination hearing, one of my greatest concerns is his record on Iran. In 2001, he was only one of two Senators who voted against a bill extending appropriate sanctions against Iran. Astonishingly, only a year later he urged the Bush administration to support Iran’s membership in the World Trade Organization. On multiple occasions he has advocated for direct negotiations with Iran, a regime that continues to repress its people, doggedly pursue a nuclear weapons capability, and employ terrorist proxies to threated the security of Israel and the region. Senior Iranian officials have repeatedly stated Israel should be “wiped off the map,” and are now only two short years away from having the capability to do so. The next Secretary of Defense must be consistent, resolute and credible in opposing this dangerous Iranian regime. In light of Hagel’s history, I find it critical at least 60 Senators feel they can stand in support of his nomination.
My colleagues and I still have strong concerns with the Hagel nomination.  It would be better if the president could withdraw this nomination and nominate someone who will enjoy broad bipartisan support.
With snow totaling more than 10 inches in some areas of the state, the Kansas Department of Transportation is urging Kansans to stay off the roads today. The good news is the snow will provide much-needed moisture for our farmers.  I hope you’ll use Kansas common sense if you do decide to brave the weather.
I want to say a big thank you to the Alaska State Legislature for the warm welcome this morning. Now more than ever, the legislature, the DC delegation and the Governor's office need to work as one to help Alaska move soundly into the future.  In uncertain times, I am certain of the Alaskan spirit.
A HUGE congrats to Adriana Latonio from Anchorage- she made to the top 5 remaining women on tonight's American Idol!  This amazing young woman with the big voice is just 17 years old and attends East High School.  Adriana absolutely nailed her Aretha Franklin song tonight and blew away the judges, audience and me.  She has an unbelievable talent and I am rooting for her to go all the way!
Jane and I had a great time watching the Buckeyes tonight with President Gordon Gee, some students and Brutus!
I issued my final letter to Brennan questioning whether or not this Administration believes it has the authority to carry out drone strikes in the U.S.  If this letter goes unanswered, I intend to filibuster his nomination as Director of the CIA.  Click below to read the full text of the letter, sent on Wednesday, Feb. 20, to Mr. Brennan.  http://paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=713
Stay safe out there in this weather. Should you require assistance from my office today, please contact the Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-4774 or visit my website at roberts.senate.gov. Our state offices will be closed due to the storm.
Sen. Sessions made the following comment yesterday during his visit to the rebuilt VF Jeanswear Wrangler Distribution Center in Hackleburg:   "They made a commitment to come here. They were assisted by all the local governments, and it was really important to me. I really felt and I know a lot of us felt that it was important that this plant come back here, psychologically and economically."
Joined 14 of my colleagues in asking the President to withdraw his nomination of Senator Hagel for Secretary of Defense.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2013/02/21/14-gop-senators-call-for-withdrawal-of-hagel-nomination/
A Scout is: trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean and reverent. From one Eagle Scout to another, congratulations Greg.
A very special event last weekend: Captain Joe Lamack, USN and his son, Greg, held a combined Navy retirement ceremony and Eagle Scout Court of Honor at St. Thomas More Church in Allentown last weekend. It was my pleasure to attend.
