“Thanksgiving is a holiday that is uniquely American, and this year, I am particularly mindful of those things that make our country exceptional. I am especially thankful for our military men and women who protect the freedom we celebrate at this time of Thanksgiving.  So, as you gather with family and friends over the holiday season, I hope you’ll join me in reflecting on what it means to be an American and be thankful for our many blessings.” – Lamar Alexander
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. As we celebrate Thanksgiving today, please join me in honoring and thanking our brave military heroes for all that they do to keep America safe. Our servicemen and women serve tirelessly, often sacrificing being together with their families and loved ones over the holidays to protect the freedoms we enjoy today and every day.
This Thanksgiving my family and I are reflecting on all the things our nation has to be grateful for and I hope your family will join us in doing so.  I want to give thanks for our brave men and women who are fighting for our freedom here and in far-away places. Thank you to those who came before us and served selflessly for our nation. I want to thank those in uniform and the civilian volunteers that are risking bodily harm to provide care for those in African countries affected by Ebola.  Let us also remember our neighbors, especially those who are struggling to provide for their families. In this season, we should do what we can to offer assistance to those who need a helping hand. I am thankful for the volunteers who assist the homeless and others in need and the message of hope they spread through their good work.   I am thankful that we live in a nation that allows for peaceful, democratic elections and strives to provide the opportunity for every citizen to chase the American dream. God bless the United States of America and God bless you and yours.
Wishing you and your family a happy and blessed Thanksgiving.
Wyoming has about 100 Air National Guard airmen deployed in Qatar right now and they are doing an outstanding job. They are members of the 187th Airlift Squadron and support airlift operations in the Middle East. I was honored to share Thanksgiving with them today and have the opportunity to speak with them about home. We talked about Cowboy football, their families and the weather back home. I made sure they knew how much folks back in Wyoming miss them and how thankful and proud we are of their service.
Wishing you and your family a very happy Thanksgiving today
Happy Thanksgiving!
Today, on a day that America sets aside to give thanks, I am especially thankful for the brave men and women in our nation’s armed forces.  We are all grateful for your courage, devotion to duty, and sacrifice.  And I give thanks to your families and loved ones, for they too, make a great sacrifice.   I am also thankful for family and friends, and for all of the people throughout our great state who use their time and talents to make a real difference in their communities. You help make Maine such a special place to live.  Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!
Enjoyed great company and a pre-Thanksgiving meal with the troops at Camp Bullis today. Very grateful for the brave men and women who serve and sacrifice on our behalf.
Today we give thanks for the miracle of freedom.   Our gift of liberty was first realized a century and a half before we ever signed the Declaration or Constitution—it was born when the Pilgrims risked their livelihood so that they might worship the Lord Almighty with all their hearts, souls, and minds.   Thus our nation sprung from a spirit of courage and gratitude: courage to trust that a small force could achieve mighty deeds through the grace of God, and gratitude for his deliverance.   When the colonists challenged the greatest military in the world; when brother was pitted against brother in the Civil War; and when the evils of Fascism and Communism threatened to obliterate humanity, the affront on individuals’ rights seemed nearly impossible to overcome.   Now we stand with grateful hearts for all those who have made our freedom a reality—for the Pilgrims, for our veterans, for our teachers, for our families, and so many others. And, we give our thanks for those who continue to protect the American way—our active duty military, our visionaries, inventors, and entrepreneurs who open endless possibilities for those seeking a better life.   We thank the Lord for his abundant provision. May we always remember our heritage of freedom, and may we never let it fade.
Diana and I look forward to spending time with family and friends over the holiday. Whether you're at home or traveling to be with those close to you, remember those who aren't at home this holiday and are serving in the military. They and their families sacrifice every day protecting our way of life and keeping our nation safe.
Thanksgiving is a time to reflect on the many blessings in our lives. I am especially thankful for the opportunity to represent the great people of Nebraska in the United States Senate.  Bruce and I wish everyone a happy, healthy and blessed Thanksgiving! #blessed
Happy thanksgiving to all. AtGrassley farm we had 29 for noon meal  Good fellowship&conversation  the holiday is uniquely American
Have a happy and safe #Thanksgiving!
Every day I am thankful for the opportunity to serve the people of #Illinois. From my family to yours, #HappyThanksgiving!
This #Thanksgiving, please join me in giving thanks for our troops serving away from their loved ones. I hope you and your family have the happiest and healthiest of holidays. Happy Thanksgiving and God bless America!
Much to be thankful for today - freedom, family, friends, and yes, good food too.  Gratitude is an empowering and inspiring virtue.  The absence of gratitude has cost many a man, community and country the things that matter most.  Gratitude lifts us all to higher ground and brings out the best within us.  Have a wonderful day of thanksgiving.
Giving thanks for all American service members deployed in harm's way today, and for their families and friends who miss them so dearly #HappyThanksgiving
Thanksgiving is a time for Kentuckians to gather together and express gratitude for the freedoms we enjoy, the many blessings we have received, and the family and friends who enrich our lives.  Kentucky is also home to many brave servicemembers, here and abroad, and we’re grateful for their sacrifice.  Despite the challenges we may face in our daily lives, we know all Americans give thanks today for those many gifts, and for our country.  Have a Happy Thanksgiving.
Thankful for wonderful, loving parents. First holiday with no family in Plainville but still a good day to be home. We had a great Thanksgiving meal at Rooks County Health Center with folks like with Gary Hicks of Plainville and Larry McIntyre of Natoma, both veterans. I am thankful to them and all who served.
As Americans celebrate Thanksgiving today, families and friends come together to reflect, give thanks and enjoy a traditional Thanksgiving feast. However, millions – in fact, one in six Americans – struggle each day to even get enough food to eat. The unfortunate reality is that food insecurity exists in every community in our nation.  Living in the breadbasket of America, it can sometimes be difficult to comprehend the prevalence of hunger at home and around the world. Yet, hunger is real – it threatens the future of millions every day. Hunger creates political instability, stunts economic growth, and robs individuals of their dignity and self-potential.  This Thanksgiving, I hope you will consider supporting or volunteering at an organization in your community. Just a few hours of your time giving back can help make this holiday a memorable one for you, your family and for those in need.  Robba and I join all Kansans in celebrating Thanksgiving with family and friends, and giving thanks for our blessings. I am especially grateful for the service and charitable organizations that support our communities and those in need. I hope you and your families also enjoy time together and have the chance to reflect on all we have to be thankful for – both as Kansans and Americans.
During the busy holiday season, it’s easy to get overloaded with frantic schedules, recitals, shopping, trips and other welcome stresses that come with this time of year.  But that’s why it’s especially important to slow down and embrace Thanksgiving.   The author O.Henry once wrote ‘There is one day that is ours. Thanksgiving Day is the one day that is purely American’ – and he was right.  Thanksgiving is more than football games, tryptophan and holiday shopping.  The last Thursday of every November is a day set aside for gratitude and optimism – two qualities that Americans have in abundance.   As Alaskans, we have a lot to be thankful for: the natural beauty that surrounds us, the pride and determination of our friends, family and neighbors, and the simple uniqueness of Alaska life.  I invite each and every Alaskans to express their gratitude aloud to those around the Thanksgiving table, and suggest we all take a quiet moment in prayer and reflection to do so on our own.   I am thankful for so much this year: the love of my husband, that my sons are happy and healthy, that I have the opportunity to spend time with family, and that I continue to have the opportunity to serve this wonderful state and its people.  In an ever-complicated world, I am especially grateful for those who make sacrifices defending our freedoms – and their families -- even if it means being far from loved ones during this ‘Purely American’ holiday.   From my family to yours, have a Happy Thanksgiving.
Earlier this month residents in the village of Tuluksak went without power for over a week--many lost food they were storing for the winter, including their Thanksgiving meals.  Thanks to the Food Bank of Alaska, Salvation Army, and Samaritan's Purse, 40 families in Tuluksak are getting a special delivery of turkeys today....just in time for Thanksgiving. It warms my heart to hear people coming together to do something for people in need!
Thankful to be with family this Thanksgiving and thinking of our brave men and women in uniform who can't be home. We all give thanks for their service.
Franki and I want to wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving. God bless our men and women in uniform who sacrifice so much for our national security.
NA
Happy Thanksgiving! Hoping you can spend time with friends and family over the holiday!
NA
