Yesterday Sen. Alexander met with Mark Gilreath and Michael Farrell of the Medical Device Manufacturers Association to discuss repeal of the tax on medical devices, Tennessee’s top export. As part of his fight to stand up against the “historic mistake” of Obamacare, Alexander has fought against this burdensome tax in Washington (http://1.usa.gov/1cXx3wb) and Tennessee (http://1.usa.gov/1fuuDSd).
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte welcomed over 50 New Hampshire residents to our nation's capital for her weekly Coffee with Kelly meeting.
Week in Review: February 24-28
I was proud to receive the first ever Friend of the U.S. Rice Industry Award. As the number one producer of rice in our country, Arkansas has a unique role in the industry. We are proud to promote policies and help craft a Farm Bill that enables our farmers to manage risk and ensures that high quality U.S. rice remains a staple on dining room tables across the globe.
You may have read this story in the paper this morning about our newest piece of legislation we introduced yesterday. We're proud that the Arkansas delegation is leading the charge to reinvest in U.S. Army Corps of Engineers recreational facilities in our state.
NA
Idaho Senator Mike Crapo spent a week traveling the Treasure Valley, Magic Valley and eastern Idaho during the February state work period.
In yesterday's Banking Committee hearing with Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, I asked if she could briefly discuss the need to bring private capital back into the housing market. Her response: "I strongly support, and would urge the Congress to address the issue of GSE (government sponsored enterprise) reform. We've gotten a mortgage system that in a way remains very highly dependent on government backing and it fails to meet the very important objective of successful securitization without systemic risk." I couldn’t agree more. Read more highlights from the hearing below.
Cornyn: Convicted Terrorist Worked As Obamacare Navigator 
Great to be with Richard and Sherry Wright, Dallas Cowboy Jason Witten, and the entire Advocare leadership team this morning in Ft. Worth:
FOX: Cornyn to File Court Challenge on Obamacare:
I am absolutely convinced we are going to repeal every single word of Obamacare.   LIKE if you are too! #FullRepeal
The comment period for the proposed IRS rules that stifle free speech may have ended, but the fight to #MakeDCListen is just beginning. Over 140,000 of you spoke up -- far surpassing the previous record number of comments for proposed federal regulations.
Luckily for these elementary students, this reading of Green Eggs and Ham didn't come with a 21 hour speech!
I'm filled with promise that we’re going to turn this country around.   How about you? #MakeDCListen
Ever wanted to see the inside of my office? Come along for a video tour of my office in D.C. as I explain all the wonderful Wyoming memorabilia I have collected over the years and the stories that go with them. 
"I asked (Morell) early on who changed the talking points," Graham said. "He told me he believed the FBI had changed the talking points to delete references to terrorist and al-Qaeda because they didn't want to compromise an ongoing investigation."  When Graham shared that account with the FBI, "they went ballistic," Graham says. The CIA called later that day and said Morell misspoke, that it seemed someone at CIA changed the talking points "but they don't know why," Graham said. 
Federal Reserve Board of Governors Chair Janet Yellen told me yesterday that Nevada faces a “long slog” towards recovery. She also said that the actual unemployment rate hovers around 13%. #ItsNotWorking 
We want Administrator McCarthy to see the remarkable progress we’ve made with our true all-of-the-above approach to energy development by deploying new technologies that are producing more energy with better environmental stewardship. I have asked her before, and asked her again today, to work with us to do for America what we did for North Dakota. With sensible regulations and regulatory certainty, America’s energy industry can achieve the long-sought, long-elusive goal of true energy security for our nation – but we need the cooperation and willingness of the EPA to get there.
North Dakota’s growing economy and population make reliable rail service essential for both residents and businesses. We’re pleased that Amtrak service is returning to normal and continue to press BNSF to resolve the challenges still faced by agricultural shippers.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/2/hoeven-amtrak-to-begin-normal-operations-saturday
Oklahomans have led the way in the use of Natural Gas Vehicles (NGV), which is why  I introduced a bipartisan bill to help the rest of the nation tap into the benefits of using natural gas as a clean, alternative fuel source for transportation. My bill, the Alternative Fuel Vehicle Development Act, will create an incentive for automakers to bring NGVs to the market more quickly. I hope you will take a moment to read my Op-Ed with Sen. Carl Levin in the Wall Street Journal today about this legislation: http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304610404579401571695087990
Senator Johnson was happy to speak with employees today at Uline in Pleasant Prairie!
In case you missed it, you can watch Sen. Johnson’s appearance on On the Record w/ Greta Van Susteren below.
Earlier today I met w/ Aaron Schock, Senator Dick Durbin & FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency Director Craig Fugate about disaster aid for #IL.  More: http://1.usa.gov/1fXwvnl
"There is no point to Republicans’ setting any goal lower than the creation of a new majority that will govern more constructively, and more conservatively, than the last Republican majority did. Republicans ought to start building the case for conservative governance of our country now, this spring, today." 
I enjoyed meeting with college students yesterday from across the state who are interning in Washington, D.C., this semester as part of an intern program through the University of Kansas. It was a pleasure learning about their passions and future plans, and I shared with them how my interest in politics began when I came to Washington as an intern during college.
This program at Ft. Leavenworth is something I've been excited about for a while. The Kauffman Foundation launched FastTrac in 1993 and is celebrating its 20th anniversary this year. In 2011, the foundation began developing a specific curriculum targeted to military veterans - prepping soldiers to become entrepreneurs.
This week, it was good to catch up with Boys & Girls Clubs of America (BGCA) 2013-14 National Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland. Being named the Youth of the Year is an outstanding achievement, and Kiana as well as the Boys and Girls Clubs of South Central Kansas should be extremely proud. Through experiences in organizations like BGCA, our state and country’s next generation of leaders are being equipped with the skills and values necessary to reach their full potential and become successful in life.  Kiana graduated this past May from Wichita Collegiate School and now attends Howard University. She serves as the official BGCA teen spokesperson and advocates for nearly four million Boys & Girls Club youth.
Today, I spoke on the Senate floor to refute Sen. Harry Reid’s statement that Americans with stories of struggle under Obamacare are liars and “all of them are untrue.” I have heard directly from countless Kansans about the devastating effects Obamacare has had on them and their families. Kansans, most assuredly, are not liars. They do not deserve to be called liars by any member of the Senate. Watch my full speech below. 
The White House today nominated Vice Admiral Paul F. Zukunft to be the 25th Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard.  This is good news for the nation, great news for Alaska (and our hundreds of thousands of nautical square miles) and a positive step forward for America’s Arctic future.  I met Vice Admiral Zukunft and got to know him last month when he guided me around the new Coast Guard Sector Anchorage building.  I was impressed immediately with his leadership and intelligence – but also with his background and knowledge base in the Pacific and the Arctic.
Toured Hamilton Caster & Manufacturing Co. today and discussed ways Washington can better help encourage job creation.
The National Museum of the Marine Corps is hosting the Lima Company Memorial “Eyes of Freedom” this week, paying tribute to our Ohio Marines. 
Excited to renew my effort to pass my bipartisan energy efficiency bill. The legislation will save energy, protect the environment, save consumers money, and create jobs. 
Russian intervention in Ukraine would be dangerous for both nations, and for the rest of the world.   Read my entire statement on the developing situation in Ukraine HERE: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1115
I was saddened, dismayed, and discouraged this week to see Harry Reid use the Senate floor to attack two great Kansas leaders for simply exercising their constitutional rights.  A sad day for the Senate and for the country. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fs2ZspVWafQ
Thanks to the kids from Saluda Trail Middle School in Rock Hill for the notes! Now hanging in my DC office.
Happy Friday Pennsylvania! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/u7c5i. Thanks for reading!
"The state-of-the-art warship, named in honor of the men and women aboard United Airlines Flight 93 that crashed into a Shanksville field in Somerset County on 9/11, will travel the world to protect the U.S. and its allies for the next 50 or more years."  http://www.heraldstandard.com/new_today/dunbar-township-men-build-furniture-for-uss-somerset/article_ecbd8a0e-873b-5021-a46c-5927bdae982a.html
Let's hear it for John Frick, my Johnstown regional manager, who gave his time and talent to craft furniture for the 9/11 museum on board the USS Somerset. Using lumber from the Somerset County area, John and fellow-woodworker Keith Martin spent 200 hours on this remarkable, touching memorial to the heroes of Flight 93. Looking forward to seeing it at the commissioning tomorrow in Philly.
