Sen. Alexander said today that the United Nations’ proposed Arms Trade Treaty “violates the Second Amendment rights of Tennesseans and all Americans” and that he would oppose it after joining a bipartisan group of 50 senators in a letter to President Obama. Follow this link to read more, including Alexander’s six key reasons for opposition, and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/1aHSITV
Pelosi: “Fix the technology, and let’s not get too bogged down in what happens if they’re not able to fix it.” Seems to be a pattern.
Tremendous progress has been made to rid the world of Polio, but the virus remains and is still a threat to the health of people around the world. Today is World Polio Day and we are committed to ending this disease. #endpolio
I'll be joining Bill Hemmer on FOX News at 1:05 pm (ET) 11:05 am (MT) to discuss the failed Obamacare roll out and how more and more Democrats are calling for the individual mandate to be delayed.
NA
It’s time for the president and Senate Democrats to delay the individual mandate. I am hearing from many Hoosiers that can’t even sign up for Obamacare because the $400 million website is a complete disaster, yet the administration still insists on fining taxpayers if they don’t purchase health insurance. A six-week extension is no consolation for the millions of Americans that are seeing their premiums rise and their paychecks fall. Now is the time to pass my bill to delay the Obamacare mandates for a year and provide all Americans with the same relief that the administration has given to businesses. This legislation passed the House of Representatives with the support of 22 Democrats, and as bipartisan acknowledgement of Obamacare’s failures increases, I will continue to push for a vote in the Senate.
It was great to be in studio Tuesday with the wonderful hosts of WIBC's Chicks on the Right
Great seeing Cynthia today at the Kountry Kitchen. One of the best places to eat in Indianapolis!
NA
NA
VIDEO: Excerpts from a real online chat that occurred on healthcare.gov. What has been your experience on healthcare.gov?
Photos from my visit to SafePlace in Austin:
NA
Cornyn: A Six-Week Delay Won’t Get Obamacare Ready For Primetime:
The solutions to turn this country around won’t come from Washington. They'll come from the grassroots across America.   SHARE if you agree it’s time to #MakeDCListen!
My home is in coal country so it was a special honor to receive the Senator Jennings Randolph Lifetime Achievement Award from the Washington Coal Club. There is a deficit of understanding in this country when it comes to energy, especially coal and I’m pleased to help in this effort to inform and strengthen.
My home is in coal country so it was a special honor to receive the Senator Jennings Randolph Lifetime Achievement Award from the Washington Coal Club.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a spring internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply has been extended to November 14, 2013. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
Guarantee no more govt shutdown Read SenPortman bill for automatic continuing resolution If Congress doesn't pass approp billsBy9/30 govRUNS
"We don't hv a debt problem"We've turned corner" That's what Obama told REP SENATORS at WH SO Washington is an island surrounded by reality
Part2 WSJounalEd  praise to Wellesley U profs who objected to action agst Prof Xia by PekingU Shame on other US Univ for SILENCE WSJ 10/22
WSJournal Editorial on Peking U abuse of Chinese democracy advocateProfXia by revoking tenure US University silence is deplorable READ part1
Last nite Q&A w CriminalJusticeClass at HawkeyeCommunityCollege 20students  ProfClairRudisson did gr8 job focussing Qs on sentencing
North Dakota ranchers seeking assistance can visit my website, or contact my office, to obtain some useful information about available resources.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/help-for-north-dakota-ranchers
“Our service members deployed on missions around the world are making tremendous sacrifices defending our freedoms and our way of life,” said Hoeven. “The Day of the Deployed is a national effort to show our support for our deployed service members and their families and to honor their service. We hope that Americans will join with us to honor these brave American families and pay tribute to them on October 26.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=1fd15b5e-91c1-44a8-bbf6-4503d3d86ad4
On Sept. 28, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a piece of legislation to fund the government that included a provision to delay the implementation of ObamaCare. With only a few days before the government shutdown, Democrats rejected it. Today, many of them are now asking for the delay due to the disastrous rollout of HealthCare.gov. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/10/24/growing-list-dems-call-for-delay/
Toured the National Petascale Computing Facility at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where supercomputers and data networks aid research.
HHS Secretary Sebelius recently acknowledged that they are finally bringing in the A-team to fix the #Obamacare website.  Unfortunately, many of the inherent problems of Obamacare that are leading to the systemic failure of the website are also manifesting themselves in other symptoms of systemic failure: Increased premiums, reduced coverage, cancelled coverage, reduced hours, lost jobs, and degradation of the medical profession.
Sen. McConnell has participated in 50+ townhalls across Kentucky discussing Obamacare. Today he visited Murray-Calloway County Hospital.
Sen. McConnell greets Kentucky veterans at Louisville International Airport before their Honor Flight to WWII Memorial.
President Obama’s health care law is egregiously flawed and the problems it is causing are increasingly frustrating. As Ranking Member of the Senate Subcommittee with oversight over the Department of Health and Human Services, today I demanded accountability from the Administration by calling on HHS to answer questions about the real cost of implementing the Obamacare Exchanges in light of the systemically flawed healthcare.gov website. Over the past year, $1.7 billion in taxpayer funds have been used for their implementation. This funding came exclusively from HHS’ internal transfer of funds to the Exchanges – a decision that avoided Congressional approval. I’ve asked the Administration to tell Americans exactly how much money has been spent on developing and implementing healthcare.gov, whether HHS intends to recover payments made to the contractors responsible, what specific testing was done before the launch, and what is the timeline and detailed cost breakdown for fixing the problems. I also asked HHS for details of any contingency plans if the technical issues with the Exchanges cannot be fixed in a timely fashion. I’ll update you as soon as I receive answers.
Two days after I gave them a send-off at Ted Stevens Airport, today was the Last Frontier Honor Flight's first-ever visit to the World War II Memorial on the Mall.  Here is a short video of some glimpses of their tour - such a memorable and meaningful day.  I thank the Honor Flight Network for making this dream a reality for these great Alaskans.
Before the Last Frontier Honor Flight departed for their historic trip to Washington, DC I met with them at Ted Stevens airport to wish them safe travels.  Earlier today, Alaska's World War II veterans and members of The Greatest Generation got to visit the World War II Memorial on the Mall that was designed and built to honor them and their service -- all at no cost to them.  Every American owes them a debt of gratitude.
Continued push for Second Chance Act reauthorization at Freestore Food Bank's Cincinnati COOKS! Great reentry training partner.
NA
NA
NBC News reports President Barack Obama did not know about Healthcare.gov's technical woes. He didn't know about IRS, Benghazi, or Fast and Furious either.  Where does the buck stop?
ICYMI: Rubio: Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Computer Problems Are Fixed: http://1.usa.gov/16vxNaz
"The NEH and its grant program are the subject of a letter released Thursday by the Senate Finance Committee's top Republican, Sen. Jeff Sessions, of Alabama, who wants further scrutiny of the program... Here are a few more examples of recent educational program grants:  — Why are we interested in the past? $24,803 — Why are people bad? $23,390 — What is belief? $24,526 — Why do humans write? $24,774  The NEH spends about $150 million annually..."
Sen. Sessions made the following comments today following the President’s address on immigration. Sessions emphasized the need to help struggling U.S. workers:  “The President said he has not heard any good reason to oppose the Senate bill. Clearly, he has not listened to the ICE and USCIS officers warning that the bill would permanently undermine enforcement. Here are three more reasons: the Senate bill will lower wages, increase unemployment, and reduce per-capita GNP. All of these statements are confirmed by the Congressional Budget Office. Under current law, we will provide approximately 10 million grants of permanent residency (green cards) over the next decade. Under the Senate bill, that number will triple to more than 30 million. Further, the Senate bill would double the number of guest workers at a time when a record 90 million Americans are outside the work force. We need to get Americans off of unemployment, off of welfare, and back into the labor force—but the ‘reforms’ proposed by the Senate would put even more Americans out of work. Many of the same CEOs demanding that Congress increase guest workers are laying off thousands of American workers.    This is a defining moment for the House Republicans. They must decide who they represent: certain activist CEOs lobbying Congress, or the national interest and the millions of Americans struggling to get by in this low job, low wage economy.”
Today I joined 29 other senators in calling on Attorney General Eric Holder to explain why the Department of Justice has sued to trap needy children in failing public schools based on skin color alone.  Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-and-colleagues-urge-federal-government-allow-children-get-better
Chester County resident: "Because of #ObamaCare, our monthly rate has quadrupled...We cannot afford this...I don't know what we're going to do."
Why is Attorney General Eric Holder suing to trap 570 needy children in failing public schools based solely on their skin color?
Talking with RJ Harris on WHP 580t 8:10 to give an update on Washington. You can tune in and listen live here:
