ICYMI: On Friday, the student loan bill cosponsored by Sen. Alexander and a bipartisan group of senators was signed into law, lowering rates immediately for all students this year from the current rates and tying rates on all new loans to the market. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” with students heading back to college this fall and visit alexander.senate.gov for more information on the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act. http://1.usa.gov/19ZInY7
Senator Ayotte and her family recently joined Coast Guard personnel and members of the Portsmouth community for a special ceremony to welcome the Coast Guard cutter Eagle to Portsmouth Harbor.  The historic Eagle, which the Coast Guard uses as a training vessel for cadets, visited as part of Sail Portsmouth 2013.  Many thanks to the dedicated Coast Guard personnel who help keep our waterways safe!
By delaying the release of critical health insurance premium information, the Obama Administration is limiting the amount of time families and job creators have to plan and budget for substantially higher insurance costs. That’s why I’m calling on HHS to immediately release all of the data it has collected on health insurance premiums in 34 states, including Missouri.
Op-Ed: As wildfires burn across the western United States, efforts continue in Congress to try to help alleviate pressure on the firefighters and others working tirelessly to keep our communities safe. While some of these objectives will take time to achieve, it is clear that we need maintain our focus.  Over the last decade, wildfires have caused an average of over $1,000,000,000 in economic damages, killed over 150 Americans, and destroyed thousands of homes and other structures across the nation. Unfortunately, for many Idahoans and others throughout the West, wildfires have become the norm and not the exception.  The firefighters and others who face extreme conditions to keep our families safe deserve continued efforts to reduce the threat they face.
Senator Crapo joined with representatives of the Idaho High School Activities Association, St. Luke’s Concussion Clinic, the AFL-CIO and OSHA to announce a new effort to track concussions among high school athletes in Idaho.  An informal survey in part of the state last fall revealed more than 600 students may have suffered concussions during sporting events. - Staff
Held a news conference to raise awareness with Idahoans about #CFPB and Americans’ privacy. #idpol #BIGDATA
We are in Boise over the next two days. This morning we stopped by the studio of 580KIDO. Thanks to host Kevin Miller, the callers and listeners. #idpol
Sen. Corker visited the Kilis refugee camp on the Turkish border with Syria today for the second time since the conflict began. Members of the camp’s refugee leadership expressed dismay and disappointment at the lack of U.S. support for the Syrian opposition. Specifically, refugee leaders noted the importance of helping arm and equip the vetted, moderate opposition under the leadership of Gen. Salim Idriss.
Today during his second visit to the Kilis refugee camp on the Turkish border with Syria, Sen. Corker noted the excellent support being provided to Syrian refugees by the Turkish government, who also partner with U.S.-sponsored non-governmental organizations to provide humanitarian aid to refugees and internally displaced persons within Syria. At the camp, he met with refugee leaders, camp administrators, and a number of individual Syrian refugees, including school-age children who are being taught language and practical skills by other refugees in schools built by the Turkish government.
Today Sen. Corker visited with U.S. servicemembers operating the U.S. Patriot missile battery near the Turkish border with Syria.
Near the Syrian border on Sunday, Sen. Corker met with members of the Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian Army, including opposition commander Brigadier General Salim Idriss. Gen. Idriss reiterated the need for greater U.S. support of moderate opposition forces in order to shift the balance in the conflict against the Assad regime. Senator Corker's meeting with Gen. Idriss comes on the heels of recent opposition successes inside the regime stronghold of Latakia, and the capture of Minakh Airbase.
SHARE if you agree!
 
 #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare: Causing layoffs and a reluctance to hire new employees.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
SHARE the facts: Obamacare is hurting the economy and killing jobs...and it will only get worse if we don't #DefundObamacare before it's too late. #DontFundIt
Biggest pig Iowa StFair http://t.co/4p5EBcsHFj
ICYMI: Heller objects to suggestion that Nevada “signed off” on waste shipments via The Nevada Appeal.
Congrats to Kansas City Kansas Community College (KCKCC) faculty, staff and students on the Dr. Thomas R. Burke Technical Education Center (TEC) that officially opened today with a ribbon cutting ceremony. The facility will provide current and future students with an opportunity to learn more than 20 hands-on technical skilled trades. TEC is located in a former WalMart that was completely renovated and reconstructed. Pictured to my right is Mary Flunder and on my left is Wendell Maddox, Dr. Ray Daniels and Cathy Breidenthal—all KCKCC Trustees.
I joined the Bonner Springs Rotarians for lunch today as their guest speaker. We discussed sequestration, veterans and regulatory issues the members are facing. The club is also busy preparing for Bonner Springs' annual heritage festival: Tiblow Days. Thank you to immediate past president Judy Cox for the invitation to speak.
Trainwreck.  That's how the Senate author of President Obama's big government health care law described what's heading for us as we get closer to ObamaCare.  You can't get a more accurate description than that - Trainwreck.  I've been fighting to repeal and replace ObamaCare since I came to the Senate, and I will keep up the fight.  Along with some other Republicans, I'm supporting the Defund Obamacare Act of 2013, sponsored by Senator Cruz in an effort to save Ohio from President Obama's trainwreck. I  am also promoting targeted efforts to strip away parts of the law, including legislation to stop ObamaCare tax increases, like the Medical Device Tax, which hits Ohio workers hard. I am also trying to force a vote on giving all of us a one year extension on ObamaCare like the Obama Administration did for businesses.  After all, President Obama has given corporations a one year reprieve from Obamacare, why is he still forcing it on you?
Eastern Kentucky singing sensation (and Marine Corps vet) Jimmy Rose has captured national attention with his hit, "Coal Keeps the Lights On". During my eastern Kentucky trip this week, I was reminded of this fact again and again by families whose lives have been intertwined with the mines for generations. Clay County leaders presented me with a sample of Kentucky coal and this antique "Justrite" miner's carbide lamp, which I'll display in my office as a reminder to my guests: coal does keep the lights on.
I am encouraged that the President and Attorney General agree with me that mandatory minimum sentences for non-violent offenders promote injustice and do not serve public safety.   I look forward to working with them to advance my bipartisan legislation, the Justice Safety Valve Act, to permanently restore justice and preserve judicial discretion in federal cases.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=919
Milton Friedman thought the Fed failed in its role as lender of last resort during the Great Depression. Read my Op-Ed in the National Review regarding, what I believe, Friedman would say about our country's current monetary debacle.   http://www.nationalreview.com/article/355500/milton-friedman-and-restraint-rand-paul
Congratulations to Fort Leavenworth's USD 207. Today they broke ground on a new school, the MacArthur Elementary School. An outstanding district---an example for all is the level of accomplishment of students in this military based school district.
Visiting with the Coca-Cola bottling team at the Bishopville plant
Enjoyed meeting with folks in Kingstree this afternoon
Praying for the safe return of baby Veronica to her family on James Island.
Talking with business leaders at a round table in Georgetown about how we can unleash opportunity in our communities
Great seeing everyone out at the Kiwanis Club Day of Prayer in Moncks Corner this morning!
In case you missed it, Sgt. Dennis Leonard, a wounded warrior, gets a new home thanks to Helping A Hero. Great of Lynn Swann to show his support too.
Wicker Report | Reining in Washington’s regulatory excess should be part of an economic recovery plan.  Like unchecked federal spending, too much red tape threatens growth and innovation.  Instead of more bureaucracy, it is time for America’s job creators to take the lead.
