ICYMI, the following National Journal article features Senator Mikulski and myself and our bipartisan effort to reauthorize and update the Child Care Development Block Grant (CCDBG), which will be brought to the floor as early as this week.  Our bill will be processed through “regular order”, something we don’t see too often in the hyper-partisan environment of the United States Senate in recent years.      CCDBG is an important federal program that provides working families child care vouchers to use at the child care provider of their choice while they earn a living.  The reauthorization includes updated safety standards – guaranteeing federal dollars will no longer go to child care providers who have been convicted of violent crimes – and places an emphasis on improving the quality of our childcare facilities over the next several years. #ChildCareProtection 
An honest discussion on our spending priorities and ideas to get our economy moving again is well overdue and a budget proposal to fit that bill would have been welcome. However, instead of engaging, the President has opted to appeal to his political base. His disregard for the agreement Washington reached to reduce its excessive spending is troublesome and his proposed tax increases will cause additional job losses across the country. It offers little in the way of real help to the millions of Americans struggling to get by in the stagnant economy created by President Obama’s policies.
I noticed a few posts over the weekend regarding my "no" vote on the veterans bill brought forward by Senator Sanders. For those asking why I voted against the bill, I encourage you to take a few minutes to watch the floor speech I gave while the bill was being considered by the Senate. This bill proposed an extensive expansion of the VA, at a time when the agency is struggling to keep up with it's current workload. I believe we need to fix the existing challenges our veterans are facing by fully implementing what we’ve committed ourselves to, before we overextend the VA more. The problem is we’re putting more people on a system that is clearly overwhelmed and needs improvement. This isn’t the fault of VA, which I believe is fully committed to meeting all of the demands that our veterans expect from it. However, VA can only do so much and as the number of veterans and the complicated nature of their needs increases, we must not pile on additional responsibilities that overwhelm the agency. While the bill has worthwhile programs that I support and have championed, we shouldn’t expect a massive mandate imposed on VA to change the outcomes we experience. We need a measured approach to changes. They must be done over time and include oversight to make sure our veterans are receiving the attention they deserve in a timely manner.
I’ll join Bill Hemmer on FOX News at 8:28 am MT (10:28 am ET) to discuss how President Obama’s budget proposal grows Washington and shrinks the middle class.
NA
As part of the release of the president’s budget for fiscal year 2015, the announcement was made that the 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne will be receiving F-16’s to replace its current fleet of A-10 aircraft. This is a great day for the 122nd Fighter Wing and the Indiana Air National Guard. The Fort Wayne base has the runway length, capacity, airspace and skilled personnel to take on this new mission. The F-16 has a proud history in Allen County and represents a long-term bridge to the Joint Strike Fighter. I join with the Fort Wayne community in welcoming back F-16s. I commend General Umbarger, Colonel Augustine and the entire 122nd Fighter Wing who have demonstrated that this base is one of the best in the country. The credit goes to those who have made the 122nd Fighter Wing an outstanding and nationally-recognized unit.
NA
Late last week, it was announced that the Senate majority has chosen not to produce a budget for fiscal year 2015.  This is very disappointing and shows a serious lack of commitment by some in the Senate to tackle the serious fiscal challenges facing our nation. 
Left to right: Tad Miller, Ben Martens, Vincent Balzano, Senator Collins, Joe Nickerson, Gerry Cushman, and Geoffrey Smith at the 2014 Maine Fishermen's Forum.
NA
NA
Sen. Cornyn: President’s Budget A Sad Attempt To Clean Up Big-Government Experiment Failures:
Today I released the following statement regarding the president’s Fiscal Year 2015 budget proposal: “I think everyone understands that this budget proposal is not a serious document and will have no effect on policy. Unfortunately, the administration continues to be unwilling to deal with the critical issue of putting our fiscal house in order.” Last year, U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and I introduced the Fiscal Sustainability Act, S. 11, to reduce the growth of entitlement spending (Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security) by nearly $1 trillion in the next decade in order to improve the programs’ solvency. The bill incorporates many of the recommendations made by President Obama’s Debt Commission (Simpson-Bowles) as well as by former Republican Senator Pete Domenici and Alice Rivlin, budget director for former President Clinton.
In The Wall Street Journal today, Senator Corker discusses the recent United Auto Workers (UAW) election at the Volkswagen plant in his hometown of Chattanooga, Tennessee, and warns of the high stakes of an upcoming National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) ruling on an appeal filed by the UAW. “The National Labor Relations Board soon will have to decide whether to follow years of precedent and let the vote of the workers stand—or whether it will try to muzzle elected officials and prevent them from weighing in on issues of critical importance to the communities they represent, possibly because the members of the NLRB did not like the outcome of a vote by workers. The nation will be watching this ruling closely,” writes Corker. Read more: http://on.wsj.com/1pXGvFh.
I urge every member of the Senate to oppose the nomination of Debo Adegbile to head the DOJ's Civil Rights Division.
Calling President Obama's proposal to increase the national debt almost $5 TRILLION over 10 years a "budget" seems like an abuse of the word "budget."
Honored to speak with the Texas AIPAC delegation and stand unshakably with Israel.
Another day, another illegal Obamacare delay.   This is nonsense. #FullRepeal
Just two months ago, President Obama signed into law the Murray-Ryan budget deal that eroded deficit reductions from a previous budget agreement. Now he’s proposing a budget that would not only violate the spending limits he agreed to, it would add $8.3 trillion to the national debt over the next 10 years. It would also quadruple the interest we pay on the debt. Interest this year on the debt will be about $223 billion. That would rise to $812 billion in 2024 under his plan. The president’s budget is a repeat of what we know doesn’t work: more taxes, more debt, more instant gratification at the expense of our nation’s future.
President's budget long on spending, short on responsibility.  Another missed opportunity.
My kids aren't impressed by much, but a shark selfie with @mcuban, that'll do it.
I don’t support the higher taxes, increased spending, and damaging debt contained within the president’s budget he proposed today. I'm also concerned that Senate Democrats won't even have a conversation on spending, refusing to debate a budget this year as required by law. To turn around our economy and create jobs, we need serious policies that start with a serious debate.
This morning I spoke with a Stuart High School senior government class over Skype on a wide range of topics. Great to hear from students engaged in learning more about their government and current events.
spoke with Greta Van Susteren last night on Fox News about Russia/Ukraine.    I believe Putin has basically come to the conclusion -- after Benghazi, after Syria, after Egypt, after everything, that Obama has been engaged in -- he is a weak, indecisive leader.
In honor of Women’s History Month, I would like to pay special tribute to one of my all-time favorites, Barbara Vucanovich.
“This will bring total funding for the project to $40 million, which will enable the Corps to complete the project engineering and design phase. Also, we have included authorization for the project in the Water Resources and Development Act. Our challenge now is to secure funding for Fiscal Year 2015, which will be difficult because the president did not include it in his budget. However, I will work through the Appropriations Committee process to try and secure funding for the Corps to include in its work plan.”
Great visit with North Dakota school nutritionists- it was great to working together on our Sensible School Lunch Act to provide needed flexibility in school nutrition programs & now on sodium issue.
STAFF UPDATE: Inhofe will be on FOX News America's Newsroom at 8:28 AM Central today to discuss the latest developments in Ukraine.
Happy 177th birthday to #Chicago, home of the 1st skyscraper, ferris wheel, deep dish pizza & more.  More: http://tmblr.co/ZauJUo18VkOEN
Our current higher education system is failing the two-thirds of Americans who never get a B.A., and the large minority of Americans who never set foot on a college campus.  I suspect the results of the study mentioned in this article would be different if students enrolling in MOOCs were receiving credit for their efforts.    You can learn more about my proposal to increase innovation in our higher education system here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=higher-education-reform-and-college-opportunity
I enjoyed hearing from Kansas VFW Members this morning about the mounting issues facing veterans, particularly those in Kansas. Health care for veterans through the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) in Kansas continues to be a struggle in underserved and unserved areas of our state. The VA claims backlog and appeal process necessitates a major overhaul. I plan to address this issue later this week in response to the President's 2015 Budget, which was released today. The VFW does so much good in advocacy for our nation’s heroes, and I’m infinitely grateful for what they do. Pictured with me here is Kansas State Commander Lynn Rolf III, Kansas State Sr. Vice Commander Bruce Fischbach, Kansas State Adjunt-Quartermaster Herb Schwartzkopf, National Council Member JT Plummer and VFW Member Charley Shoemaker. #VFWKansas #VFWHill2014
I wish I could be in Liberal, Kansas, today with members of my staff for International Pancake Day. Most people are familiar with Mardi Gras celebrations the day before Lent, but for more than 60 years in Liberal, the day before Lent means it’s Pancake Day. It includes pancake eating and flipping contests, pancake races, a cooking contest and a parade. The main pancake race is a friendly competition between Liberal, Kansas, and Olney, England, where women run down the streets of each town flipping pancakes. Learn more about this event’s history by reading the story linked here: http://www.kansas.com/2014/03/03/3323659/kansas-vs-england-34-women-ready.html.
This weekend we said goodbye to a man instrumental to Alaska's statehood. He is now laid to rest overlooking his beautiful hometown of Fairbanks. Thank you Gov. Mike Stepovich for everything you did for Alaska. We will miss you.
I look forward to working with Rear Admiral Daniel B. Abel in his new role as Commander of the US Coast Guard’s 17th District.  It’s an exciting time in the Arctic with new opportunities emerging, and the USCG is an important partner for Alaska both in keeping everyone on the water safe and protecting our nation’s interests.
President Obama’s budget shows he still hasn't learned that we can’t tax, spend, and borrow our way to prosperity. 
Great to hang out with the Kansas VFW members today.   #SemperFi!
Excellent editorial by my friend and colleague Senator Pat Toomey on the latest absurdly partisan nomination from the Obama Administration that will likely go unchecked in the era of Harry Reid's nuclear option.  Any lawyer who would abuse the justice system to this extent has no place at the Justice Department.  Debo Adegbile certainly doesn't. http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/inquirer/20140303_Unfit_for_Justice_post.html 
Rubio discusses Russian aggression against Ukraine on BBC:
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses U.S. policy toward Russia on FOX News
Senator Rubio: Obama Budget Shows Alarming Disconnect With America's Challenges: 1.usa.gov/1onFOl0  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding today’s release of President Obama’s Fiscal Year 2015 budget:   “President Obama’s budget shows an alarming disconnect with threats to the American Dream at home and threats to our national security abroad.   “As recent events in Ukraine show, the world is as dangerous as ever. Our enemies are emboldened every time we fail to uphold our commitments and every time we naively try to address our serious debt problem by weakening our military strength and readiness, as this budget does.    “This budget walks away from the reality that America and the world are safer when America is as strong as possible economically and militarily.   “Economically, this budget calls for more government spending, instead of free enterprise, to create jobs — as if the lessons of five years of this failed approach have been ignored. This budget is a disappointing admission that President Obama has no intention of seeking any reforms to save our safety net programs. We need to save Medicare and Social Security to not only ensure future seniors can retire with dignity and a safety net, but also to make sure that we don’t sacrifice our security in order to deal with our debt.   “While there are many other areas of this budget that we will continue discussing in the coming days and weeks, I am concerned by the President’s call to expand the status quo on the Earned Income Tax Credit. We should be reforming this flawed approach to helping low-income workers, not expanding it. As I suggested earlier this year, we should convert the EITC into a wage enhancement that is distributed to workers throughout the year, not in one big lump sum as it does now.”
Sen. Sessions comments on President's budget:  “Just days ago the Director of the Congressional Budget Office sounded the alarm over our nation’s ‘unsustainable’ debt path and ‘the risk of a fiscal crisis.’ But President Obama has ignored the warning and submitted a budget plan that bursts through the Ryan-Murray spending caps he agreed to when signed them into law. With this proposal, the President has chosen not merely to disregard but to hide the dangers we face.  The President’s plan spends $791 billion above Ryan-Murray, casually wiping away the newly-established spending limits.  The President’s plan increases spending next year alone by $114 billion, including $56 billion in spending above the Ryan-Murray discretionary caps.  The President’s plan dramatically raises taxes by $1.76 trillion—double last year’s proposed tax hike. These astounding new taxes in reality will never happen, and provide a cover to mask the cost of the extraordinary new spending.  The President’s plan increases mandatory spending 78 percent and Medicare and Medicaid spending 73 percent, displaying not even the slightest care for—or offering any steps to prevent—the impending insolvency of these programs. Nor is any measure proposed to shore up Social Security.  The President’s plan adds $8.3 trillion to our nation’s gross federal debt.  The President’s plan is an open declaration that deficits don’t matter, debt doesn’t matter, and that reality itself doesn’t matter.  This profligacy has already inflicted an excruciating financial toll. Last year we paid our creditors $221 billion in interest on our federal debt. Under the President’s tax-and-spend plan, annual interest payments will rise to $812 billion. That’s $424 in monthly interest costs for every American worker, or more than $5,000 per worker per year. This money is not used for roads or bridges or schools—it must be used only to pay off our creditors, and has become the fastest growing item in the federal budget.  Annual interest costs in this budget will exceed our nation’s entire defense budget in just five years.  The President’s plan rejects the very idea of limits. It is the manifesto for a big government, tax-and-spend ideology. It will further grow the government, shrink the middle class, and shield the political elite from accountability as they raid the nation’s wealth.  As Washington prospers, workers suffer. The causes are clear: energy restrictions that destroy jobs; regulations that hamstring productivity; a health law that shrinks the workforce; a welfare policy that penalizes work; a trade policy that sends jobs overseas; an immigration policy that reduces wages; and a crushing tax and debt burden that drains our vitality and growth.  This budget betrays both our responsibility to Americans today—struggling to get by in this slow growth, high debt economy—and to our children, who will inherit perhaps the greatest debt any nation has ever accrued.”
Click here to read an analysis of the President's budget submitted to Congress this morning:
The President's budget is a partisan playbook with no basis in our economic reality. Read my statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-statement-president’s-budget
Looking forward to speaking at CPAC this Thursday! Here's a pic from last year's speech.
"Set aside any partisan feelings you have and do the right thing when you vote on Mr. Adegbile's confirmation. Please spare my family and me from further pain." – Maureen Faulkner, widow of Officer Danny Faulkner. She asks my Senate colleagues to oppose the nomination of Debo Adegbile to the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division. I stand with her. Will they? 
This weekend was the commissioning of the USS Somerset in Philadelphia, PA. Also commissioned in Philadelphia: the nation’s first frigate, the USS United States, on July 11, 1797. The United States was the first of six frigates authorized by the Naval Act of 1794 with the most famous being its sister ship, the Constitution (or “Old Ironsides”), that is currently still afloat and the world’s oldest commissioned naval vessel. These ships were expertly designed by Pennsylvanian Joshua Humphrey, carried 44 guns, and were built to be heavy enough to outgun any enemy frigate yet fast enough to evade the much larger ships-of-the-line, of which the US Navy had none.
Last night, Pica's Restaurant of #UpperDarby made it onto The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.  Jimmy Fallon had it brought in for actress Tina Fey, an Upper Darby, PA native."
Happy Fastnacht Day PA! 
Happy 333rd birthday PA! March 4, 1681: England's King Charles II signs the charter of Pennsylvania in return of a debt to William Penn’s father. 
Maureen Faulkner has started a petition calling for justice for her husband.  If you have a free moment, please check it out.  http://goo.gl/mf1ALV
The President’s budget amounts to nothing more than a partisan document that bows to the political left. Rather than building on the savings achieved in the Ryan-Murray budget agreement, it is disappointing that the President wants to increase spending, as well as raise taxes to the tune of $1.8 trillion. These policies would stifle economic growth, destroy jobs, and threaten American prosperity.
Wicker Report | The Administration is wrong to raid hundreds of billions of dollars from effective Medicare programs to fund the President’s flawed law.  Nineteen Senate Democrats have joined Republicans in urging the Administration to mitigate the harm that severe reductions would have on seniors across the country.  And yet, many of these Democrats voted for the health-care law that imposed the cuts in the first place. 
