Yesterday, the Supreme Court ruled that President Obama’s January 2012 appointments to the National Labor Relations Board while the Senate was in recess are unconstitutional.  Since these unconstitutional appointments were made, Alexander has called on the appointees to step down, introduced a budget amendment to defund decisions and regulations made by the unconstitutional appointees, and introduced legislation to prohibit the NLRB from taking action until the appointees are confirmed by the Senate or the Supreme Court has ruled on their constitutionality. Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=0482f567-784a-418b-9acc-efd89e11601e
Last night, the Senate passed the bipartisan bill I helped introduce to protect children in Missouri and nationwide. Our state has 22 Children’s Advocacy Centers that serve 7,000 of Missouri's most vulnerable children each year by coordinating the investigation, treatment, and prosecution of child abuse cases. I urge my colleagues in the House to pass the "Victims of Child Abuse Act" so we can continue providing safe haven for child abuse victims and help law enforcement hold perpetrators accountable. 
Take a minute to watch this video by Hoosier native Jon McLaughlin for his new song "Honest-To-Goodness Indiana" 
Cornyn: Obama ‘Doubling Down” on Governing by Fiat:
Sens. Cornyn, Cruz & Rep. Thornberry Introduce Legislation To Provide Fairness, Certainty For Texas Landowners Along The Red River:
Shimon Peres: “There are no hopeless situations, only hopeless people.”
Democrats want to repeal the First Amendment and regulate your political speech.   We should defend the First Amendment, not repeal it. #DontRepeal1A
The Right to property is one of the most basic rights of Americans, and it has empowered pioneers to create opportunity and fuel commerce since the founding of our nation.   Unfortunately, despite our previously expressed concerns, the BLM made clear that it could continue to seek control of privately-owned lands along the Red River.   It is imperative that we protect landowners from federal overreach, so today I am proud to join Senator John Cornyn and Congressman Mac Thornberry in introducing legislation that will prevent the federal government from unlawfully encroaching upon private property rights.
Attorney General Eric Holder has the opportunity to do the right thing. He could appoint a special prosecutor with meaningful independence who is not a major Obama donor.  If he doesn't, he should be impeached.
Recently Congressman Lummis and I had the pleasure of meeting four outstanding Wheatland 8th graders and their science teacher who competed against 4,400 teams in the Army’s eCYBERMISSION competition and came in first place within their grade! The event focuses on finding ways to use science, technology, engineering and math to solve real-world problems and they developed a system for converting school locker banks into safety zones to provide students and teachers shelter during a tornado. Congratulations to Haiden Moody, Joey Madsen, Jacob Stafford, Christian Moody, and their teacher Miken Harnish!
Yesterday Sen. John Barrasso, Rep. Cynthia Lummis, and I had the pleasure to meet with Wyoming’s 2014 Presidential Scholar Award winners, Kirsi Anselmi-Stith from Rock Springs and Jacob Colman from Casper, on the Capitol steps. The award honors some of our nation's most distinguished graduating high school seniors for their scholastic and artistic achievements. Congratulations on this great achievement.
Barack Obama sends the right message to Central America: “Do not send your children to the borders. If they do make it, they'll get sent back.” Now the U.S. Department of State needs to broadcast it.
NA
There is history on the History Channel rite now  Tune in before they go to swamp man
“The North Dakota American Legion plays an important role in our state as they work to improve our communities and advocate on behalf of North Dakota’s veterans and military families. We appreciate the tremendous work of the American Legion and its members to ensure that we uphold our commitment to care for our veterans and their families. We worked to pass legislation in the Senate that will ensure that the men and women who served our nation are receiving the quality, timely health care services they were promised. We’re also working to ensure that veterans in North Dakota can access health care services in their local communities, closer to their friends and families. Our actions should reflect the tremendous gratitude we feel for the service and sacrifices of our nation’s veterans.
“We’ve been working hard with the USPS for postal service improvements in North Dakota, especially in western North Dakota. At a meeting with Postmaster General Donahoe last year, our postmaster in Williston suggested creating a new postal facility in the community to improve services. Postmaster Donahoe and I then looked for possible areas for a new facility, and earlier this year he approved the lease. We’re grateful that Postmaster General Donahoe listened to our community’s concerns and turned a suggestion into a reality.”
“Minot and the region are coming back better than ever after the historic flooding of 2011, but we still have a ways to go. This new HUD program could provide the resources we need to take a big step forward by helping to remove abandoned homes to make way for green spaces with a double use - water retention and recreational areas.”
Yesterday I was glad to have the chance to speak with a terrific group of FFA students from Mohall.
Thank you to the hard-working veterans on my staff, Scott, Mark and Tony, (and Jeanne, not pictured here) for traveling around the state this week to hold mobile office hours dedicated to hearing the concerns of Wisconsin veterans. Combined, they have over 80 years of service. Scott, Mark, Tony, Jeanne: I'm proud to have you on my staff. Thank you and thanks to all veterans for your service. -rj
Earlier this morning, Senator Johnson spoke with a group of veterans in Spooner. Over the past week, his staff have been holding mobile office hours dedicated to hearing  veterans’ perspectives of the VA health care system.
This morning Senator Johnson presented medals to Larue Thompson, who fought in WWII with the famed Merrill’s Marauders. Join us in thanking Larue for his service.
"This is part of the whole theory of George Bush that he can make laws as he's going along.  I disagree with that.  I taught the Constitution for ten years.  I believe in the Constitution, and I will obey the Constitution of the United States [applause]" - Barack Obama in 2008
I was happy to greet a Kansas Honor Flight of veterans this week who came to Washington to visit the memorials built in their honor.  It is always inspiring to meet those willing to sacrifice so much for our country. These memorials serve as a testament to the courage of all those who are willing to put themselves in danger so that others may enjoy the freedoms we hold dear. I am thankful for the service of all of our veterans and appreciate the great sacrifices made by them.
Senator Roberts and I are demanding answers from President Obama regarding the release of five high-value prisoners from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. In a letter to the President, we also expressed concerns over the legality of the exchange, saying it violated provisions of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). The law mandates a 30-day congressional notification requirement for detainees transferred from Guantanamo Bay to foreign countries. Read more below.
Greg Kaplan, a member of my Anchorage staff, and some friends are manning the grill at the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce's Military Appreciation Picnic at Ft. Richardson! This picture makes me hungry!
For too many vulnerable young Alaskans -- and Americans nationwide -- when school is out, their hunger doesn't go on vacation. I am proud to co-sponsor the Summer Meals Act to to improve this important program. I plan on honing it further as it moves through the committee process to make it the most cost-effective, efficient program possible. 
Read my op-ed in the Daily Caller on the need for a special counsel to investigate the IRS.  
ICYMI: Rubio: Stop ISIS Terrorists Now, Before It's Too Late: http://cnn.it/1sJXizE  ...  So, what should we do?   First and foremost, we need to move now to degrade ISIS’s capabilities. The President’s decision to send 300 advisers to Iraq is a good first step, but their ability to deter ISIS will be limited unless we eventually engage in airstrikes to target their leaders as well as the supply lines that they use to transfer weapons and fighters between Syria and Iraq. We know where these supply lines are, we should not hesitate to halt the ISIS resupply to their strongholds in Anbar, Ninawa and Salah ad-Din.  ...
NA
NA
Sen. Sessions visited with the Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Research, Awareness and Support (CHERUBS) group yesterday.
I am continuing to push for answers from the VA, and for specific answers about our facilities in South Carolina.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-go-directly-south-carolina-va-facilities-answers-after-receiving
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://ow.ly/yxbt6. Thanks & please share!
Vietnam vets are humble and often reluctant to accept recognition. I'm honored to help Mr. Hage and his family finally get the credit and gratitude they are due.
Softball on the national mall last night!
This is why I am continuing my bipartisan push to eliminate the Renewable Fuel Standard.    Not only is the #RFS bad for the environment, but it also increases the cost of #gasoline.  In fact, the Congressional Budget Office announced yesterday that due to the RFS, gasoline prices will increase up to 9%, and diesel fuel will rise by up to 14% by 2017. http://goo.gl/imLxkP
