Great news for New Hampshire & the 157th Air Refueling Wing.
Last week, Senator Ayotte toured the NH Food Bank in Manchester.  Executive Director Melanie Gosselin and her team -- along with all the great volunteers -- do a tremendous job for our state.
The U.S. Department of Energy announced that a team led by Ames Laboratory in Iowa will establish an Energy Innovation Hub focusing on rare earth metals and other materials.  The Idaho National Laboratory will be a partner in this effort.  I congratulate the Idaho National Laboratory on this news and welcome the jobs this will bring to Idaho on behalf of this project.
Yesterday marked 1,350 days since the Senate Majority has passed a budget and now we learn that the president’s 2014 budget is running late.  This is unacceptable and I know of no Idaho business or family that would operate this way.
Why I support no budget, no pay bill: Tuesday marks the 1,350th day since the Senate passed a budget
Why debt ceiling fight is good for the country
Today, Vice President Biden strongly suggested that the Administration would issue executive orders to "take action" with respect to gun control. Let us hope that this is just another one of the Vice President's infamous gaffes and not another end-run of Congress and the Constitutional balance of powers through unilateral action by the President.   I stand ready to defend the Second Amendment and efforts to undermine our God-given rights.
A great honor to join the Texas Public Policy Foundation for the Opening Lunch of their 11th Annual Policy Orientation for the Texas Legislature.
Behind the scenes with Sean Hannity for tonight's interview on Fox News.
I enjoyed learning more about Campbell County Memorial Hospital this week.
America’s health care issues remain unresolved, and a new study demonstrates how an increase in rules and bureaucracy could overwhelm our insurance market and our health care system. We need reforms that ultimately lower costs for Americans and modernize how healthcare is delivered and paid for, not 10,000 pages of new rules and regulations.
I have not forgotten about the Benghazi debacle and still have many questions about what transpired before, during and after the attack on our consulate.   In that regard, I do not believe we should confirm anyone as Director of the CIA until our questions are answered - like who changed Ambassador Susan Rice’s talking points and deleted the references to Al-Qaeda?    My support for a delay in confirmation is not directed at Mr. Brennan, but is an unfortunate, yet necessary action to get information from this Administration.   I have tried – repeatedly – to get information on Benghazi but my requests have been repeatedly ignored.
Grassley plans Chickasaw County town meeting
#99countymeetings Qs at GrundyCenter.  Gay marriage Typical day in DC FiscalCliff SchoolBulling Marijuana Immigration ObamaCare Wind/solar
#99countymeetings GrundyCenterHS 120student/teacher Qs:
#99countymeetings WaverlyShellRock HS 2Classes Qs: my mail,working w PresObama,gun control,education,NorquistPetition,ObamaCare ,abortion
After I visited WaverlyShellRock HS I find that Kaleb Staack&SpencerDerifield tweeted abt my coming. Thanks. Encourage others to do same
Soon we will discuss Washington’s out-of-control spending. Learn about my simple solution called the No Budget, No Pay Act here:
We are and we have been working hard to do all we can to push for Grand Forks’ selection as one of the active duty base locations, as well as a center for Unmanned Aerial Systems. Today’s list of finalists moves us a step closer, and we will continue that effort.
Enjoying the NDSU Bison's NCAA Division I Football Championship Game
On my Congressional Delegation trip to Asia, we stopped in Hawaii for briefings with the leadership of U.S. Pacific Command, and I also had the opportunity to lay a wreath at the USS Oklahoma Memorial at Pearl Harbor. It was an honor to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in service to their country while on board this battleship and to meet more of our veterans and their family members. 
 http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=21325c29-947a-507d-6744-f5e025744af1&Region_id=&Issue_id=
The recognition of Altus Air Force Base as a prime candidate to station the new KC-46A tanker is a major accomplishment for the base, the Altus community, and the Air Force as a whole: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=2129736e-ba92-bc59-0c87-8346f03f4246
By settling taxes independently in the fiscal cliff deal, it can no longer be a bargaining chip for President Obama and congressional Democrats to use — as they have in the past — when negotiating spending cuts. Now as we enter the debt limit debate, my conservative colleagues and I will be fighting to secure meaningful spending reductions and program reforms that permanently improve the direction of our national budget. I hope you will take a moment to read more about my position on this topic in my Oklahoman op-ed today: http://newsok.com/sen.-jim-inhofe-gop-now-in-a-stronger-position/article/3744227/?page=1
NA
KUTV did a good piece that explains my vote against the fiscal cliff deal.
Today, we received great news from the U.S. Air Force that they recognize the critical role Kansas plays in our national security by selecting both McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita and Forbes Airfield in Topeka as finalists for the basing of the KC-46A tanker. The selection of not just one, but both Kansas Air Force bases is a testament to the critical role our state plays in supporting our military and their partners as they carry out missions overseas and at home. Strategically positioned in the heart of America, the location, capacity and mission of McConnell and Forbes make both bases exceptionally equipped to provide air mobility globally at a moment’s notice. As the process unfolds, I look forward to working with the Department of Defense, the Air Force and state and local leaders to make certain Kansas is the home to the new KC-46A tanker.
Yesterday, I had the pleasure of meeting Dylan Bathurst, an impressive young man and entrepreneur from Talmage, Kansas. After attending Fort Hays State University, Dylan was hired by Zappos, an online footwear startup later acquired by Amazon.com. More recently, Dylan founded his own startup company called Rumgr, a new online marketplace that has attracted over $500,000 in funding.  It is my goal to promote policies that best enable people like Dylan to innovate, take risks, and create companies that bring new ideas to market while growing the economy and creating jobs for Americans. You can learn more about Dylan and Rumgr at http://www.rumgr.com/story/
I am glad Veterans Affairs Secretary General Eric Shinseki will be returning for the President’s second term.  I wrote to the President just after he was reelected and told him Sec. Shinseki is making incredible progress for Alaska’s veteran community and should be kept on the job.
A big thank you to the Kalskag schools and principal Greg Wohlman for my Kids of Kalskag sweatshirt!  They are doing great things there in Kalskag with the education of their kids, and I am honored to have spent some time with the students, parents and school faculty of this great Alaskan community.
Great news for McConnell and Wichita and Forbes Field and Topeka: they were selected today as finalists for the basing of the new KC-46A tanker program. While the basing decisions are not final, Kansas' military installations have again outperformed the competition. Just another example of the critical role Kansas plays in our national security.
I'll be joining WVOC radio in Columbia at 5:05, and then WORD radio in the Upstate at 5:20 today.
Excited to visit the Upstate! Just stopped by The Beacon in Spartanburg.
