As we prepare for Thanksgiving, the Obama Administration has taken the chance to roll-out what some experts say could be the most expensive regulation ever. The last thing Missouri workers and families need is another burdensome regulation stifling economic opportunity. I look forward to a thorough review of this costly rule in the new Republican-led Congress.
NA
OP-ED: Idaho is filled with extraordinary individuals who come together not only when tragedy strikes, but also to support others around them every day. We see this in the way our communities galvanize time and time again in support of local and nationwide efforts.  From caring for families struck with illness or the loss of a loved one, to mentoring youth and spending time with those in retirement homes, there are countless caring acts daily all around us.  The many people in our communities who recognize needs and find ways to meet them are what makes Idaho such a great place to live and are among the many blessings to be celebrated this Thanksgiving. #idpol
ICYMI: I shared the results of my Fall 2014 Veterans Survey earlier this month.  More than 1,000 Idahoans took the time to share their unique experiences with the VA.  To learn more about this effort and view the results, click here:http://goo.gl/dizRge #idpol
The 35th Annual Raul Jimenez Thanksgiving Dinner will serve thousands of San Antonians in need tomorrow with 550 turkeys on the menu. Was great to join volunteers from Longfellow Middle school, the girls basketball team from Southwest High, and employees from Wells Fargo to help prepare the meal.
As Texans give thanks for our blessings, I hope each of us will count among our greatest blessings the men and women who have and continue to place their lives in harm’s way to ensure our freedoms, our safety and our way of life.  http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=TexasTimesWeeklyColumn&ContentRecord_id=5df57e45-3e07-4b22-807f-6b63efee8499
Was great to join Mayor Leffingwell, students, and other volunteers in helping to serve Thanksgiving dinner at HEB's 25th Annual Feast of Sharing, which hosts thousands of Austinites in need each year.
Wishing you a happy Thanksgiving!   What are you thankful for?
The EPA’s ozone plan announced today is another excessive, aggressive, political proposal by this Administration that does not take into account the hardships it is going to cause people.  People who have a difficult time paying their energy bills will have a harder time because of this rule.  Businesses will cut back.  Jobs will be lost if this stands.  We’ll work to see that it doesn’t in the next Congress.
Congratulations to Nebraska's state football champs! Great work this season! Class A: Omaha North Class B: Omaha Skutt Class C-1: Boone Central / Newman Grove Class C-2: Aquinas Class D-1: Hemingford Class D-2: Exeter-Milligan 6-Man: Riverside
NA
Excited to be at Liberty Elementary School in Bismarck today to donate some books from the Library of Congress. We hope these books help fill the shelves of Liberty Elementary School’s library and instill a love for reading in these students. Good literacy skills are fundamental for our students and provide a strong foundation for success now and into the future.
Had a great time meeting with students at Manvel School yesterday. Congratulations to the entire school community on their designation as a National Blue Ribbon School.
Have a blessed and #HappyThanksgiving from my staff and me.  http://youtu.be/EhVR6XAtPMc
What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving? Share a photo with me using #ILGivesThanks on Instagram & I'll share the best photos here.
This morning I hosted a Wyandotte County Kansas Listening Tour Stop at the Bonner Springs City Library. We discussed immigration, NBAF funding, the Keystone XL Pipeline and defense spending. I appreciated those who took time out of preparing for their Thanksgiving dinner to stop by and share their concerns with me. Thanks to Regina Utter with the Bonner Springs Edwardsville Chamber of Commerce for coordinating the meeting.
Tonight, I Robba and I joined 1,700 Kansas City area business leaders at the Kansas City Chamber of Commerce's Annual Dinner. Here, we're pictured with KC Chamber President and CEO Jim Heeter. Thanks to Polsinelli and Burns & McDonnell for hosting tonight's event.
Alaskans have so much to be thankful for --- this week, I'm especially thankful for the generosity shown by Alaskans to those who are less fortunate. This story about the Thanksgiving Blessing event is a perfect example of the community coming together for one another.
I am thankful for this great nation that acts as a beacon of hope for those that are oppressed throughout the world. And this year, I am most thankful for Missy’s safety and her promising future.  https://time.com/3595448/rand-paul-time-for-thanks/
More than 29 million Americans have diabetes. As we mark #AmericanDiabetesMonth, learn what you can do to help prevent and cure diabetes.
As we prepare for Thanksgiving, it is important to give to those in our communities who need our help with food, shelter and care. Last week, I visited Miami Rescue Mission, where I served dinner to 840 people and toured the facility to learn more about the important work it does for our communities. For 92 years, Miami Rescue Mission has provided hope to the homeless and needy by offering meals, shelter and life-changing programs. We are especially thankful for their service during this holiday season.
Looking forward to being sworn-in for the remainder of my current term next Tuesday at 10AM on the Senate floor!
#ObamaCare Medical Device Tax continues to stifle job creation here in PA
