Senator Ayotte's staff will hold office hours tomorrow, Thursday, August 7, in the following towns to assist local residents with federal matters:  THURSDAY, AUGUST 7  Newbury Town Office, 937 Route 103, 8:00-9:00 AM  Wolfeboro Pubic Library, 259 South Main Street, 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM  Cornish Town Office, 488 Town House Road, 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM  Washington Town Hall, 7 Halfmoon Pond Road, 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM  Madbury Town Office, Noon-1:00 PM  Conway Town Hall, 1634 East Main Street, 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM  More upcoming dates: http://1.usa.gov/1o9NPPu
Good news for NH: Pease and the 157th Air Refueling Wing have been officially selected by the Air Force to receive the new KC-46A air refueling tanker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/V1py0Q
Spent time in the mountains of North Carolina today with the Secretary of the Interior, Sally Jewell, to celebrate 50 years of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.  North Carolina enjoys a well-deserved reputation as one of the most beautiful states in our nation –  I’m pleased that LWCF funds are helping preserve these scenic treasures for future generations.
NA
Congratulations to Bloomington, recently named by Forbes as the the best city for work-life balance in the United States.
Senator Collins and Senator Angus S. King, Jr. helped the community celebrate the Monhegan Quadricentennial 2014... recognizing the 1614 settlement of Monhegan Plantation that began when Captain John Smith first landed on the island.
Saw old friends and made new ones today at Monhegan Quadricentennial 2014.  Weather was perfect!  Will post more photos later.
On the boat to Monhegan  Monhegan Quadricentennial 2014
Looks like it will be a beautiful day celebrating Monhegan Quadricentennial 2014.   A friend shared this shot from yesterday of the USCGC Eagle passing the island.
Senator Collins and Senator Angus S. King, Jr. will help celebrate Monhegan Quadricentennial 2014 tomorrow.  Have you ever been to Monhegan?  Share a photo or a memory.
Remember when?  It has been 30 years since Maine's  Joan Benoit Samuelson won the first ever women's Olympic Marathon.    What an inspiration she is to young women.  "It's important to have aspirations and dreams, because those aspirations can occur, and those dreams can come true."  Joan Benoit Samuelson
Congratulations to Brigadier General Viet Xuan Luong, the first Vietnamese American general officer in U.S. history. This is a proud day for the Luong family, the Fort Hood community, the Vietnamese-American community in Texas and for our nation. Luong’s promotion to Brigadier General is a testament to the American dream, our nation’s spirit of opportunity, and the power of hard work and determination. I know the 1st Cavalry Division at Fort Hood will continue to be well served under General Luong’s leadership.
Pleased to meet with San Antonio's newly appointed Mayor Ivy R. Taylor this week to discuss the current state and future of Texas’ second largest city.
Green River is in New York City...Green River Cliffs as part of the Art Everywhere program. http://arteverywhereus.org/ #ArtEverywhereUS
This month, I'm traveling across the state meeting with Nebraskans, holding roundtables with various groups, visiting local businesses, and hosting constituent listening sessions. Looking forward to these valuable opportunities to hear from you and discuss how we can promote policies in Washington that help middle class families, strengthen our communities, and bolster economic growth.
Between 2010&2013 the number of terrorist or those w connections to same in the govt data base more than doubled to a million
As leaders from Africa are gathered in Washington this week, I hope they have many opportunities to address with President Obama issues unique to each of their countries. One key issue for the betterment of Africa as a whole is the need to develop critical electricity resources and the simple changes to U.S. policies that can help bring it about more quickly. I hope you will take a moment to read my op-ed in the Washington Times today on this topic: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/aug/5/inhofe-an-obama-switch-for-african-electricity/#ixzz39eA88aew  Follow us: @washtimes on Twitter
The terrible news yesterday of America soldiers being killed in Afghanistan is a grim reminder of the sacrifices made by our servicemembers and their families to protect the nation. We owe a debt of gratitude to these men and women that can only be repaid by our reaffirmation to support the loved ones they leave behind. My thoughts and prayers are with those killed and wounded as well as their families.    This incident is a reminder that despite the steps taken by ISAF, the Afghan National Security Forces and the government of Afghanistan to mitigate insider threats, Afghanistan is still a dangerous place and force protection remains a critical mission. As the President withdraws our forces, it is critically important that we listen to our commanders on the ground to determine what is necessary to safely and effectively accomplish our mission in Afghanistan.  We owe that to all of the brave servicemembers who have volunteered to go into harm’s way in defense of the nation.
Sen. Johnson met with Milwaukee Area Technical College and their local business partners to hear how they are working together to support students and strengthen local industry.
Earlier this week Senator Johnson toured ACTS Housing to see how they increase affordable home ownership for lower income families in Milwaukee.
In a letter to Senator McConnell, the March of Dimes applauds the Senator's leadership in introducing the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2014. They call his bill an "important step in addressing the growing problem of maternal drug addiction" and infant opiate withdrawal. In the letter to Sen. McConnell, the March of Dimes wrote that they "look forward to working with you to promote the health and well-being of women, children and families and ensuring that every infant has a healthy start in life."
“Senator McConnell exemplifies leadership by advancing policies that foster innovation in the life sciences industry and promote critical research and jobs right here in Kentucky,” said Dr. Kyle Keeney, Executive Director of the KLSC. “He has also taken the next step by supporting programs like Medicare Part D to ensure those lifesaving innovations in medicine reach the people who need them most.”  Sen. McConnell has demonstrated a long history of support for life science innovation taking place at Kentucky’s research universities. He was also recently instrumental in passing the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, which directs millions of dollars in funding to the National Institutes of Health for research on pediatric cancer, autism and other diseases. 
I was in Salina this morning to visit with administrators and staff at Salina Regional Health Center (SRHC). SRHC is a 198-bed acute care hospital that provides comprehensive health care services to residents of Salina and Saline County. I always appreciate the opportunity to visit with health care providers in Kansas to learn more about the challenges they face in delivering quality health care services to patients. During the visit, we discussed the importance of having quality employees in the emergency unit, recruiting specialty employees, and ObamaCare in terms of their ability to stay competitive in the region. Thanks to SRHC CEO Mike Terry and Executive Director of Governmental and Public Relations Tom Bell for hosting my visit.
I hosted a Kansas Listening Tour Stop in Sumner County yesterday at the Wellington Public Library. I appreciate the area residents who attended and shared their thoughts on the future of our country, survival of rural communities, agriculture, EPA regulations, dysfunction in the U.S. Senate, health care and VA reform. Thanks to Wellington Chamber of Commerce President Shelley Hansel for coordinating my visit. Thanks also to Sumner County Commissioner Jim Newell for attending.
Yesterday, I gave remarks at the Wichita Independent Business Association (WIBA) Luncheon. There were more than 100 individuals in attendance and I shared that what I hear most often from Kansans is concern about the future of our kids and grandkids. Unfortunately since I've been in the Senate, President Obama and Senate Democrats have done nothing to advance economic growth and create jobs. Thanks to WIBA Board Chair Joe Johnson and President Tim Witsman for the kind introduction. Here, I'm pictured visiting with former Kansas Department of Commerce Secretary Harland Prindle and John Prather of Groendyke Transport. (photo by Amour Photography of Wichita)
Today, I had an informative tour of the Pepsi bottling plant in Wichita. The facility has 2,200 customers within a 90 mile radius including grocery stores, convenience stores and third party vendors. On numerous occasions, this bottling plant has won the President's Award which recognizes the highest quality producer of Aquafina water of any PepsiCo facility in the nation. During my visit, we also discussed the labeling of genetically-modified organisms. Thanks to Wichita Pepsi Plant Director Tom Dewaelsche, Pepsi Regional Sales Director Elizabeth Earl and their management team for coordinating my visit.
I was honored to have the chance to speak today at the annual TCC Alaska Tribal Court Development Conference with a focus of expanding the role of tribal courts in our state.
Held a veterans townhall meeting in North Canton today at the MAPS Air Museum. I continued to hear specific ideas on how to improve the VA.
Toured Akron Children's Hospital this morning to talk about my bill that just passed the U.S. Senate that broadens federal support for trauma care. One highlight from the visit was meeting Lysander from Salem, Ohio who was born premature but is now doing great thanks to the impressive team there.
An interesting column (with an historical perspective) from Scott Jennings on my efforts to reform our prison system.
Univision Central Florida: Rubio Le Rinde Tributo A Los Borinqueneers 
ABC Orlando: Rubio Recognizes Members Of The Borinqueneers 
Sen. Sessions spent some time this morning visiting the Museum of Natural History with his grandson Jim Beau.
NA
Finished up yesterday by visiting Somerset County and Bedford County.  In Somerset County, I met with the representatives of the Pennsylvania Association of Community Bankers and recognized Somerset Trust Company for its 125th anniversary.    In Bedford County, I held a great roundtable discussion with local business owners and stakeholders at the Bedford County Development Association.
Sen. Cochran and I encourage Mississippi high school juniors and seniors to apply for the United States Senate Youth Program. USSYP includes a trip to DC and college scholarship.  The deadline to apply is September 30th.  
I had a very productive meeting today with MS Farm Bureau leaders in Stoneville. Lots of discussion about the EPA's extreme overreach when it comes to the "Clean Water Act" and "Waters of the U.S." Learn more about what I am doing to stop the EPA's regulatory scheme: http://1.usa.gov/1mmVsML.
