Families of U.S. service men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our freedoms shouldn’t be impacted by this government shutdown. I’m working to urge the Pentagon to interpret the Pay Our Military Act as broadly as possible to take care of those family members. Any delay in payments is absolutely unacceptable.
There are real implications with a government shutdown including the impact on our national security. E-Verify, the internet-based system that employers and companies rely on to ensure new hires have the legal right to work in the U.S. is not operating.
Prayers for my colleague, Senator Inhofe. Wishing him a speedy recovery!
In an effort to end the shutdown of government, Senator Collins has proposed a specific, compromise plan and is urging colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it.  “It is time that both sides come out of their partisan corners, stop fighting and start legislating in good faith.  The shutdown represents a failure to govern and must be brought to an end,” said Senator Collins.  Learn more about Senator Collins' three-point proposal:  http://www.collins.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=3b19e321-54d5-4cb6-9547-00a8e185d08e
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Wants to Max Out Credit Card by Another $1 Trillion
Such a great privilege to welcome these WWII heroes from Ft. Worth to DC
A great honor to help welcome some members of "The Greatest Generation" to their memorial today.
The Senate could #FundOurVets today. Harry Reid refused. #HarryReidsShutdown
NA
"We have veterans who are disabled who are counting on their benefits" - President Obama.   I agree, let's pass the House bill to #FundOurVets now!
A great privilege to welcome an Honor Flight from Fort Worth to their memorial.
#MakeDCListen: Obamacare is a disaster. Even if you made it past this screen, you still may not be in the clear: http://bloom.bg/GK3AZ5
Since the House has moved to pay furloughed federal workers and that proposal is supported by the White House, I asked my staff to come back to work today. We are resuming service as much as we can given the government is still shut down. If my staff will be paid whether they are working or not, they should be working. This shutdown is the responsibility of the members of Congress so when the shutdown is over and I get my paycheck, I plan to return whatever portion of it was earned during the shutdown.
Your government has let you down in a time of need. There’s no excuse for this.
Iowa will celebrate Dr. Norman E Borlaug World Food Prize Day on October 16th. Check out Senator Grassley's latest commentary to find out more.
Sen. Inhofe's military staff and military fellow (seen in uniform) joined the Oklahoma delegation in greeting Oklahoma WWII veterans visiting D.C. with the Honor Flight program.
Last week during a routine check-up, a doctor discovered severe blockage in my heart and recommended an immediate operation. I quickly returned to Oklahoma to be with my wife and family and I already feel stronger today. Thank you for all your thoughts and prayers during this time and I will soon be back in Washington to continue fighting on behalf of Oklahoma and our way of life.  http://newsok.com/oklahoma-sen.-jim-inhofe-says-he-feels-great-after-emergency-heart-surgery/article/3891171
I’m disgusted to hear that the Obama administration is refusing to make the military’s emergency payments to families of service members killed in action.
My predecessor Alan Dixon served the people of #Illinois honorably for 22 years. Great catching up with him tonight.
China is Illinois's 3rd largest export market (totaling $6 billion in 2012). I met with Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai today to discuss opportunities and challenges across U.S.-China relations.
 
 Read more: http://1.usa.gov/19eMlKl
Over the past week or so, it has become apparent that certain federal agencies have, in a number of instances, acted rather intentionally to cause what I would consider undue hardship for the purpose of making a political point.  Another aspect of this problem is that there are some states that are by their very nature far more susceptible to this kind of manipulation and this kind of intentional infliction of pain than other states. While most states have within them less than 10 percent of federal land, meaning that while in most states less than 10 percent of the land is owned by the federal government  In 11 Western states, including my own, the government owns more than 50 percent of the land. In my state—the state of Utah—the federal government owns roughly 70 percent of the land. And while some may praise the benefits of public land, it’s clear that the federal government can and will use its immense power as a political tool. And I would add to this—public land becomes very unlike public land when it is closed by people who arbitrarily say “because of a shutdown we’re going to exclude you.” It becomes government land at that point, and that’s the point they seem to be making.  The bottom line here is that federal land management agencies exert enormous amounts of influence over the country, an influence that’s not often recognized by those outside the western United States. This influence is not just in the national parks, it’s felt in many aspects of every day life in states like mine. It’s felt in how we fund public schools, how we maintain our police and our fire services, and how we develop our infrastructure. And as we’ve seen over the past week, these agencies are willing and able to wield tremendous influence in a manner that serves the political ambitions of the few, at the expense of the many. This raises a number of questions about the nature and extent of federally owned land, questions we need to address here in Congress.
Five members of our military who bravely answered the call to serve our country were killed in Afghanistan over the weekend. We will forever be indebted to them for their service and sacrifice on our behalf, which is why today I joined a bipartisan group of senators in urging Secretary Chuck Hagel to restore death benefits to families of fallen heroes. This is a sacred obligation our nation holds dear and includes ensuring families' presence to honor their loved ones at Dover Air Force Base. Any delay in providing families with this essential benefit is absolutely unacceptable.
Here in Washington, D.C. I am working to get the government back up and running.  That’s why I backed a reasonable proposal today from my colleague Susan Collins to break this Congressional gridlock.  The proposal would fund the government for six months, get rid of the tax on pacemakers and artificial joints that’s part of the Affordable Care Act and also institute common-sense flexibility in how agencies make sequestration budget cuts.  I told my Senate colleagues we need to remember who we are working for – whether it’s the crab fishermen who want to get out on the water, the family in Galena who wants to know if they’re going to get their moose, or the guys at Seong’s Sushi Bar and Chinese in Juneau who need to have their customers coming through their doors. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65IA2qpFUSI&feature=youtu.be
Met with the 6th grade class from Lincolnview Elementary in Van Wert at the Capitol today.
The Wall Street Journal highlights the rough start to Obamacare last week. Worried that this is just the beginning.
Republicans are worried about bankruptcy of the country and we are asking for restraint on spending. WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1W25u9YOuQ
Answering a question today regarding CRs, the President said "We don’t get to select which programs we implement or not”...programs like the employer mandate?
“The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. It is a sign that the U.S. government can’t pay its own bills. ... I therefore intend to oppose the effort to increase America’s debt limit.”  -Senator Barack Obama, March 16, 2006
On his 4th deployment to Afghanistan, Sgt Hawkins from Carlisle is killed.  Kris and I are heartsick. http://fox43.com/2013/10/08/army-ranger-from-carlisle-killed-in-afghanistan-sunday/#axzz2h96iij00
