Sen. Alexander received a visit from Nashville songwriters Bonner Black and Tom Douglas today who discussed Alexander’s Songwriter Equity Act, which was introduced last week w/ Sens. Corker and Hatch to compensate songwriters for the fair market value of their work. Be sure to follow @senlamaralexander on Instagram for his latest updates in DC and Tennessee. http://instagram.com/p/oO6Z-kiiCP/
Today, Sen. Alexander announced his plan to ban restricted fishing below dams on the Cumberland River will be extended from two to four years, as a result of an agreement between the House and Senate in the final version of the Water Resources Development Act, calling it a “victory for Tennessee fishermen.” This bill will also continue the permanent ban of physical barriers and delegate enforcement of these safety regulations to state wildlife agencies, which were part of Alexander’s “Freedom to Fish” legislation that was passed into law in 2013. Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=75197c6c-8213-4d13-9c39-37d6e9da7e14
Today Senator Ayotte met with Kevin Owens of Bedford who will be representing New Hampshire in the National Georgraphy Bee in our nation's capital on Thursday.  Congratulations Kevin - New Hampshire is proud of you!
Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome students visiting from Iber Holmes Gove Middle School in Raymond to Capitol Hill today!
Senator Ayotte and I wrote a letter urging Secretary of State Kerry to take immediate action and provide political asylum to Meriam Ibrahim, a Sudanese Christian woman and pregnant wife of an American citizen who has been sentenced to death by the Sudanese government for her religious beliefs. #SaveMeriam
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch & STLtoday.com reported on my ongoing efforts to reduce the stigma surrounding mental health treatments and improve access to quality behavioral health care for all Americans - including our nation's heroes and their families. 
I sent a bipartisan letter to officials at the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs calling for them to explain what they are doing to address the quality of mental health treatment for America’s military. Our heroes and their families deserve the best care available. 
NA
I welcomed Idahoans representing the Idaho Mining Association to Washington, D.C., today for a productive discussion on the many issues impacting their industry.  Mining has played a very important role in Idaho's history and continues to contribute greatly to Idaho's economy.
Senator Collins, here with Peter Miesburger, Past State Commander of the VFW in Maine, announced today that the Senate Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans' Affairs has agreed to her request to continue funding the important ARCH program.  Cary Medical Center in Caribou is one of five pilot sites around the country where veterans can receive VA-covered health care services closer to home.   Read more:  http://1.usa.gov/1jSq7Py
Senator Collins is honored to receive the 2014 Legislative Champion Award from the American Association of Diabetes Educators for her efforts to increase access to diabetes education.  The award was presented by Chris Irish of Turner, a diabetes educator who is in Washington D.C. this week to participate in the Association's annual meeting.    Sen. Collins is a co-sponsor of “The Access to Quality Diabetes Education Act” in the Senate. Studies have shown that diabetes education reduces the occurrence of many of the serious complications that often result from diabetes, including vascular issues, amputations, heart disease and stroke.
VIDEO: Cornyn Urges Obama to Withdraw VA Nominee, Calls for New Leadership: 
Cornyn Calls on Obama to Withdraw VA Nominee With Troubling Record:
May 19, 2014 – Senator Corker and Google host a Tennessee Get Your Business Online event in Chattanooga. [Photo courtesy of Google.]
Congratulations to India's "new hope and aspiration" Narendra Modi — Texas and the United States look forward to a long and prosperous friendship.
Pastor Saeed Abedini has been beaten and returned to Rajah Shar prison. This intolerant brutalizing of an American citizen is intolerable. #SaveSaeed
Standing with your close ally against an avowed enemy should not be a hard choice.
Oil investment and development is “driving everything in the Texas economy to outperform just about every place else in the country.”   Let’s bring this American Energy Renaissance nationwide!
Know a Wyoming high school student who would be interested in being a Senate Page this fall in Washington, D.C.? Have them apply at the link below. The page program provides a front row seat to debates in the Senate. It's a unique experience for any participant, which they will carry with them forever. The deadline is June 4. Applicants must have completed their sophomore year, be 16 or 17 on or before the date of appointment, and must have a minimum grade point average of 3.0.
Earlier today I met with Columbus Community Hospital to discuss issues facing rural health care in Nebraska.
Here is Bernice’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
We appreciate the hard work of Congressman Kevin Cramer and the House of Representatives in passing the WRRDA legislation today. This is another important step in approving this vital infrastructure legislation and we expect the Senate to take up the bill on Thursday. We worked very hard to include provisions important for our state in this bill, including authorization for permanent flood control for Fargo-Moorhead and our States’ Water Rights Act that blocks an unfair proposal by the Corps to charge a fee for access to water from Missouri River reservoirs.
We have worked hard on the committee to include strong water management and flood protection measures like the Water Bank program, as well as acre-for-acre mitigation, which will make conservation compliance much more farmer friendly. The measure also supports strong ag research, which is vital for our farmers and ranchers and a benefit to NDSU, which is a national leader.
We worked hard in the committee to address serious and ongoing concerns regarding health care for our veterans. That includes a provision to help veterans get quality care closer to home, which is more cost effective and convenient, as well as to address the chronic backlog in processing veterans’ health care claims.
The Daily Oklahoman published an inspiring piece that follows a handful of individuals and families as they rebuild and continue to heal one year after being impacted by the tornadoes that hit Moore, Okla. #OklahomaStrong http://newsok.com/may-2013s-deadly-storms-faces-of-the-storm/article/4829333
National Journal Magazine this month focuses on the Senate Armed Services Committee and national defense policy, and includes biographical features on three of my top committee staffers and an article on my goals as Ranking Member. I hope you will take a moment to read the pieces:  http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/ranking-member-james-inhofe-20140515  http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/majority-and-minority-committee-staff-members-20140515
On May 20, 2013, the nation witnessed the Oklahoma Standard in action – neighbors helping neighbors rise from the rubble; strangers giving countless resources to help others recover and rebuild; Oklahomans praying without ceasing for those who lost loved ones. A year after the devastating storms, Oklahoma has persevered. Please join me today in thanking our emergency response teams and volunteers who have helped Oklahoma move forward and heal. Let us also remember in our prayers and thoughts today those who lost loved ones in the storms. Together we are #OklahomaStrong.
Stroke is the 4th leading cause of death in the US. Learn more about my work fighting for survivors: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/stroke_agenda/
Last Saturday, staff members with my mobile office went to the Bonneville Salt Flats for the @NASA Student Launch where teams of students participated in a rocket launching competition.  What a great location for this event! #science #rocketscience #utah
Too many in Washington have convinced themselves that special-interest privilege is wrong only when the other side does it. But not surprisingly, they have not convinced the public. Americans intuitively understand that crony capitalism is not a form of private enterprise; it’s a form of public corruption.
NA
"It does not follow that because something ought to be done the National Government ought to do it." -Calvin Coolidge
Utah has over 43,000 miles of public roads.  These roads connect communities, pass through some of the most beautiful landscapes in the country, and they enable Utahns to enjoy an enviable standard of living.  I would like to showcase an outstanding collection of Utah’s roads in my Washington DC office.  You are invited by Me and Utahgram to submit your photographs of Utah’s roads to this Instagram photo contest.  In addition to photos being displayed in my office, I will also send a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol to the three entrants whose submissions receive the most likes on Instagram.  Here are the rules:  1. Be safe.  Pictures taken by drivers while driving will not be considered. 2. The photo has to contain a road in Utah. 3. Only 1 photo per person.  Multiple photos will be selected for the display, but only 1 photo per person will be selected. 4. For communication purposes*, you must be following @SenMikeLee and @Utahgram on Instagram. 5. Use this tag for your entry: #RoadLessTraveledUtah 6. Winner info: Representatives from Senator Lee’s office will select up to 28 photos to be displayed in Senator Lee’s office.  In addition to the 28 photos that will be selected for display in Senator Lee’s office, a flag that has been flown over the US Capitol will be given to the top three entrants whose photos receive the most likes during the contest.   7. Contest ends on May 30, 2014 at 2:00 p.m. MT.                                                More information is available at lee.senate.gov  *Those whose submissions are selected will be asked to provide a larger file size image, so it can be printed for display.
The Arizona Vietnamese and Filipino communities protested Chinese aggression in the South China Sea at my office this past weekend. I stopped by to say a few words in support of their message.
I am concerned the VA has strategically used the Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI) to conduct investigations into allegations of wrongdoing at VA facilities, knowing the findings could not be released to the public. Unlike reports from the Office of the Inspector General (OIG), OMI reports are not made public or released to Congress - so we don’t know the results of those types of audits, investigations or reviews. I plan to introduce legislation this week to make certain the findings of the OMI are made public so the full scope of the VA’s dysfunction cannot be disguised. 
On my way back to Washington, D.C., I stopped at the Northeast Johnson County Chamber of Commerce's "We’re Talkin' Tuesday" event at Mainstreet Credit Union. The bimonthly meeting gives chamber members an opportunity to network with other local businesses, and I enjoyed learning more about a number of Northeast Johnson County businesses. Thanks to Northeast Johnson County Chamber President and CEO Deb Settle for hosting me.
In Kansas, May is Beef Month and a time to celebrate Kansas cattle producers and the high-quality beef that Kansas is known for across the globe. Beef is vital to Kansas' economy, and our state ranks third nationally with 5.8 million cattle on ranches and feed yards. Learn more about Beef Month at kansasbeef.org.
I visited Quintiles in Overland Park yesterday to see this clinical research organization’s second largest location in the United States. This facility conducts about 40 clinical drug trials a year involving 1,500 trial volunteers. These drug trials are an essential step in the development of new treatments for patients. Thanks to Quintiles Vice President Dr. Mary Westrick and Government & Public Affairs Director Rachael Tarleton Fones for the invitation to visit and for hosting my tour.
I had a great tour of Saint Luke's South Hospital (Saint Luke's Health System) yesterday. Saint Luke’s South is 125-bed acute care hospital features 24-hour emergency services, complete inpatient and outpatient diagnostic testing, a maternity unit with neonatal intensive care, and inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation services. The hospital has been recognized as a U.S. News & World Report’s Best Hospital for 2013-14. My visit included a tour of the hospital’s specialized Hip & Knee Center, which focuses on providing total joint replacement care that leads to faster recovery, lower complication rates, and better overall health outcomes. Thanks to President and CEO Jani Johnson (pictured here) and Government and Community Relations Director Jennifer Bruning for the informational tour.
Veterans flying to visit Washington, DC on a Kansas Honor Flight received a standing ovation from the entire airport. Amid all the mess at the Department of Veterans Affairs, this is a reminder of how our Vets should be treated.
Good news for the community of Galena: over $2.6 million in federal disaster funds are being directed to their efforts to elevate 16 homes in the village after last year's horrible flood.  I still have questions for FEMA about how it responds to disasters in Alaska, though, and I am not going to stop until I get answers.
A government report agrees with what I've been saying about our Arctic agenda for awhile now: the federal government needs to step up its engagement in the Arctic region, and we need an Arctic Ambassador to lead the effort.
Fraudulent management of appointment records at the VA is unacceptable, and today I urged Secretary Shinseki to increase transparency and fix the problem as soon as possible. http://1.usa.gov/SfoxBv
Giving a lifetime appointment to a lawyer who believes that great constitutional questions can be decided in secret, by one branch of government, is a mistake. I wish Senator Obama would resurface to explain to President Obama how precious the right to trial is.  Read my entire op-ed HERE: http://bostonherald.com/news_opinion/opinion/op_ed/2014/05/paul_barron_not_qualified_for_fed_bench
My latest Roberts Report is out. See what I have been working on in your behalf. 
Rubio Comments After Foreign Relations Committee Passage Of Venezuela Sanctions (English & Español): http://1.usa.gov/1tgZ3Ru  “Today we took an important step forward to punish human rights abusers in Nicolás Maduro’s regime. The Venezuelan people have suffered enough under the incompetence of Hugo Chávez and now Nicolás Maduro.   “And now that thousands of innocent Venezuelans have protested courageously and peacefully, against the failure that is this chavista government, we can’t allow the government’s repression, violence and murders to go unpunished.   “We have to severely punish the Maduro regime, and today the Senate Foreign Relations Committee took a key step toward approving these sanctions. And I hope the full Senate will soon do the same.”   Declaraciones De Rubio Sobre La Aprobación De Sanciones Contra Oficiales Venezolanos: http://bit.ly/1h5Ur9D  “Hoy tomamos un paso adelante para castigar a individuos afiliados al régimen de Maduro envueltos en violaciones de derechos humanos en Venezuela. El pueblo venezolano ha sufrido mucho bajo la incompetencia de Hugo Chávez y ahora Nicolás Maduro.    “Y ahora que miles de venezolanos se han manifestado pacíficamente para exigir una salida al fracaso que es el gobierno chavista, no podemos permitir que la represión, la violencia y los asesinatos que el gobierno ha usado se permita.    “Los tenemos que castigar duramente, y hoy el Comité de Relaciones Exteriores del Senado tomó un paso hacia adelante al aprobar estas sanciones – y espero que pronto se apruebe en el Senado entero”. 
Sen. Sessions continues the fight for Alabama’s steel workers and their communities, explaining that:  “‘Defending against artificially priced foreign imports is critical to having a functioning market that allows U.S. workers to compete,’ [Sen. Sessions said]. ‘Alabama has a robust steel industry that should not be unfairly damaged by foreign imports that skirt our trade rules.’”
Looking forward to making care packages with the USO tomorrow. Here's a picture from last year with one of the other volunteers.
It’s primary election day in Pennsylvania. Please remember to vote. #CivicDuty
The Senate must act to protect kids from this.
The greatest risk our military faces today is the risk of an unready force that is insufficiently equipped and unable to accomplish its assigned missions. There is still a ways to go to produce a defense budget that is based on our national security interests and the threats to those interests.
