GOOD NEWS: Today the Senate Agriculture Committee passed the Tennessee Wilderness Act, legislation by Sens. Alexander and Corker that would designate nearly 20,000 acres of the Cherokee National Forest as wilderness areas –the highest level of conservation protection to preserve land – at no cost to taxpayers.  Alexander said: “The Tennessee Wilderness Act would preserve federally owned land that has been managed as wilderness areas since 2004. Creating and expanding these wilderness areas would have no effect on privately-owned land and will not increase costs for taxpayers. This legislation would help protect some of the wildest, most pristine and beautiful areas in East Tennessee and give the millions of visitors to our state an additional reason to come enjoy our outdoors.” Read more HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1e8GawC  
Senator Ayotte released the following statement today regarding the release of a report on duplication and overlap across the federal government:  
Senator Ayotte welcomed students from the Lincoln Akerman School in Hampton Falls to Capitol Hill this afternoon!
I had the opportunity to discuss the military mental health policy, Missouri’s military assets, and the readiness of the National Guard during today’s U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee hearing.  
Since President Obama took office, the poverty rate for women has increased to 16.3% from 14.4% and the median income for women fell by almost $800, according to the Census Bureau. If Democrats were serious about helping women, they would allow votes on the countless job-creating proposals that Republicans have offered and will continue to offer in the coming weeks.
Tonight I am looking forward to this historic matchup between two incredible teams, both of which are undefeated – a first in NCAA women’s basketball history. I am confident that the Irish will prevail, and I look forward to celebrating with ice cream and brownies.
It was great visiting with the Purdue Student Government and the Indiana University Student Association this afternoon to discuss issues facing both universities.
I enjoyed visiting with DeKalb Middle School students on a beautiful spring day in Washington.
I joined my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee to call on Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner John Koskinen to put an end to the proposed regulation designed to stifle the free speech of groups that have criticized the Administration.  In the letter, we assert that Commissioner Koskinen has the unilateral authority to prevent the proposed regulation from becoming final and urge him to not sign the proposed rule should it reach his desk for approval.  Under current law, 501(c)(4) organizations, or social welfare groups, can engage in political activities on a limited basis so long as their primary activity is the promotion of social welfare. Last November, the IRS proposed new regulations that would fundamentally alter the nature of the activities that these organizations can engage in, limiting their speech and effectively forcing grassroots organizations across the country to shut down.  
NA
Had a great discussion this afternoon with business leaders from Dallas and Fort Worth:
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn Pays Tribute To The Victims Of Fort Hood Shooting:
Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. ET on MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown” with Chuck Todd, Sen. Corker will discuss the latest on Ukraine and Russia.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 180 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Senator Corker praised committee passage of the Tennessee Wilderness Act (S. 1294), which was reported out of the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee today. The Tennessee Wilderness Act, introduced by Corker and Senator Lamar Alexander last July, would designate nearly 20,000 acres in six areas of the Cherokee National Forest as wilderness.  “Tennesseans take great pride in the fact that millions of people visit our state every year to experience our incredible God-given outdoors, and this legislation would ensure the Cherokee National Forest is preserved for future generations,” Corker said. “I thank Senator Alexander for his lifelong commitment to protecting wilderness areas, and I’m hopeful the full Senate will consider and pass this legislation in the near future.”  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1ef84HI.
Today at 10:00 a.m. ET, Sen. Corker will participate in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing with Secretary of State John Kerry.  Watch it live here: http://1.usa.gov/Ox5qQX
We’re not going to tolerate this insult from Iran.   I’m optimistic the House will pass and the President should sign this bill to stop an acknowledged terrorist from moving to New York and having diplomatic immunity. #KeepTerroristsOut
“Vast amount of discretion” to enforce laws is DC-speak for ignoring the law. #MakeDCListen
The House should pass and the President immediately sign this bill to keep an Iranian terrorist out of the United States.
Somehow the "sharpest increases perhaps ever" of health insurance premiums missed the Obamacare talking points when selling the law to the American people... #FullRepeal
I joined Senator John Barrasso, Senator Jon Tester and others in welcoming the Defense Department’s decision to keep the nation’s 454 inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM) silos operational. Although I opposed the New START treaty and believe in maintaining all of our warheads, the announcement today by the Department of Defense reinforces the important role that F.E. Warren and the other missile bases play in keeping our country safe. We recently encouraged the Defense Department to maintain a strong ICBM force through letters and legislation. I will keep working with the coalition to ensure that the world’s most powerful military force, our ICBMs, is maintained. 
I had the opportunity last Saturday to visit the Wind River Job Corps Center construction site in Riverton, where Sandy Barton, Executive Director of Fremont County BOCES, and Justin Swift, an architect working on the Job Corps center, were kind enough to show me around. The seven-building Job Corps Center complex, which will house a total of 300 students, will be the first of its kind in Wyoming.
Contrary to claims of bone-deep spending cuts, there is clearly plenty of fat left to be trimmed from the federal budget. It is my hope that the Senate will consider this year’s spending bills in a timely, open and transparent manner that will allow for the elimination of this kind of waste.
More on my bill to halt the IRS's latest attempt to quash free speech in today’s Arizona Daily Star #TaxDay
This morning I joined the Armed Services Committee hearing to discuss and hear more about what tools and training the Army requires to fulfill its missions.
I am extremely pleased that tonight the Senate unanimously passed Senator Ted Cruz’s legislation denying diplomatic visas to individuals who have participated in acts of terrorism.  This legislation, which I cosponsored and strongly supported, was a result of the Iranian regime’s attempt to appoint Hamid Aboutalebi as the Iranian ambassador to the United Nations. Mr.  Aboutalebi was actively involved in the taking of American hostages at the U.S. embassy and his appointment was an affront to the hostages, their families, and our nation as a whole. Passing this legislation tells the Iranians we remember what they did and who they are.  Senator Cruz deserves credit for working in a bipartisan fashion to pass this legislation through the Senate. I will do my best to have the House take up this legislation allowing it to be placed on the President’s Desk as soon as possible.  Given Iran’s behavior as the leading state sponsor of terrorism, this legislation was needed.  I hope it will also send a clear message to Iran regarding their ambitions to acquire a nuclear weapon.
NA
#RenewUI passed the Senate yesterday. I urge the House to take action. Nevadans can’t wait. http://1.usa.gov/1qg953M
“I am pleased to see that the Pentagon agrees with Congress, which made clear in legislation that it wants a robust ICBM force. ICBMs represent the cheapest form of nuclear deterrence while presenting any potential adversary with an overwhelming deterrent threat. For these reasons, it is clear that we need to retain all of our ICBM silos.”
The ideas that make Harry Reid call someone un-American. http://t.co/AVAVCxR6EI
Those dangerous ideas, like liberty. http://t.co/oaux4fUO7z
Happy Birthday Senator Johnson, from all your staff in D.C. and Wisconsin!
Newspapers can spend as much as they want endorsing as many candidates as they want. Why not you, asks John Roberts. http://t.co/Kx51UOYety
College affordability & campus safety are important issues. Thanks to University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign & Northwestern University students for meeting with me today.
34 years ago, Pam Schroeder was involved in a tragic car accident that left her with 2 broken legs, a broken back, and 3 fractured ribs.  She thought she may never recover, but after years in rehabilitation, she was able to return to work. Having a debilitating injury shouldn’t mean the end of a productive life—every American deserves a chance to regain independence and return to work like Pam did.    Learn more about Pam’s story and my efforts to support access to rehabilitation: http://1.usa.gov/1qgFM19
Obama administration officials are ignoring Congress’ request for information on how Obamacare funds are being used, and refuse to provide the public complete and accurate figures on the full cost of implementation.
President Obama has spent billions implementing and promoting Obamacare, yet when asked, his Department of Health and Human Services conveniently does not track money spent on a variety of promotional activities. This is just the latest way the Obama administration continues to evade questions about the true cost to taxpayers of implementing the Affordable Care Act.
Calling all aspiring rocket scientists! NASA's Space App Challenge returning to Kansas City this month. Last year a Kansas City team won Best Use of Data award for building Sol, the world's first interplanetary weather app. 
Technology is such a tremendous difference maker. I am glad I can connect to the YKHC 21st Tribal Gathering to give them a DC update from across the country.
Happy National Beer Day!  Here are some fun beer facts:  Alaska’s 24 breweries produce 323 different beers.   Alaska ranks 4th among the states in terms of breweries per capita and 17th nationally in terms of beer production.  Our beer industry employs over 1,000 Alaskans and generates $150 million.   From Healy to Homer, from Fox to Skagway, Alaska’s brewing companies are a key component of our economies, communities and culture.  They’re also a point of local pride.  Cheers to that!
The United States has never been last in a race to the future, but absent any visionary leadership and meaningful resourcing, we will continue to take a back seat when it comes to the Arctic.  We will miss out on resource development and shipping efficiencies, as well as new opportunities to create new jobs and generate needed economic growth.  We cannot afford to sit on the sideline any longer.  It is time for the federal government and this Administration to start taking the Arctic seriously and dedicate the necessary resources to the region.
I'm pleased that the bipartisan unemployment insurance agreement has passed the Senate. Now we must work for additional significant reforms to a broken program that's failing to connect Americans with jobs.
I am proud FreedomWorks has endorsed my legislation to keep the federal government out of the classroom.
At the Finance Committee hearing today, I called on IRS Commissioner Koskinen to stop any action on the proposed 501c4 regulations that will limit free speech. My bill to halt these regulations has 40 cosponsors.
FreedomWorks has endorsed my bill, the LOCAL Level Act, to keep the federal government out of local decisions on education standards. I am proud to have their support. 
Senator Rubio Calls For Aggressive Strategy In Response To Russia: http://1.usa.gov/1heaRQQ  Rubio: “I think now is the time to sit down and calculate, with our European allies, a long-term strategy to break the sort of dependence on the oil and natural gas from Russia that gives them a disproportionate amount of leverage over these countries.”
Senator Rubio seeks answers from Secretary of State John Kerry on Venezuela, Cuba during Senate Foreign Relations Committee Hearing
NA
NA
Joined Neil Cavuto to talk about my Opportunity Agenda and Obamcare. Tune in to Fox Business at 6 or 8p tonight!
“It's not acceptable for men and women who served their country and risked their lives, often with serious deleterious effects from their service, to wait for long periods of time to have their claims decided.”
"This is legislation that passed the House unanimously. It is overdue.”
Happy 50th anniversary Wawa!
VIDEO: Today I received support from General Frank Grass, Chief of the National Guard Bureau, to continue the program that supports the nation’s five National Guard Regional Counterdrug Training Academies (RCTA), including the one located in Meridian. The President’s recent budget proposal eliminates funding for the program.
Read my op-ed in today's Investor's Business Daily about how America's national security interests hinges on whether Afghanistan can secure a stable future.
