NA
This week, Senator Ayotte visited businesses in Merrimack, Manchester and Portsmouth.  She also provided an update to members of the Keene and Milford rotary clubs on her work in the U.S. Senate, and hosted a roundtable discussion with local law enforcement and public health officials on New Hampshire's heroin crisis.
Senator Ayotte along with members of the New Hampshire congressional delegation today hosted Air Force Secretary Deborah James at Pease Air National Guard Base in Portsmouth for a facility tour and meetings with the servicemen and women of the New Hampshire Air National Guard's 157th Air Refueling Wing.  Here are a few photos from their visit.
Almost every week, I’ve spoken on the Senate floor, sharing real stories from families in Missouri who have been hurt by the president’s deeply flawed health care law. Watch my floor remarks.
Today marks one month since the Fort Hood tragedy. I continue to talk with military leaders in Missouri and in Washington, D.C. to ensure our servicemen and women, veterans, and military families have access to quality behavioral health treatment. That’s why I introduced the “Caring For America’s Heroes Act” yesterday – a bipartisan bill that takes an important step forward in achieving that goal. 
Last night I was part of a group that met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the ongoing situation in Ukraine. Our discussion with Chancellor Merkel was both substantive and productive, and I believe she is a strong leader who is best positioned to be the voice of Europe. The chancellor and I agree that diplomacy alone will not move Vladimir Putin and diplomatic efforts to date have not been effective.  The most effective response to the Ukraine crisis is for the United States and Europe to speak with one voice on both diplomacy and sanctions. For this approach to be successful, both President Obama and Chancellor Merkel have to be willing to look at tougher measures. We need to send a strong message that we are not going to be pushed around by a bully from Russia.  Earlier this week, I joined with my Senate colleagues to offer a new legislative package that addresses Russian aggression, including the strengthening of NATO and tough diplomatic and economic sanctions. I am hopeful that President Obama will consider this proposal.  In the long-term, the United States must help Europe break its dependence on Russian energy sources. As the chancellor mentioned, the U.S. can take a role in this, given recent oil and natural gas discoveries in our country. President Obama also can send a strong signal to Europe by approving the Keystone Pipeline and demonstrating that we are committed to increasing domestic energy production. Despite bipartisan support for this project in Congress, its construction will not happen without the president’s support.
NA
The Keystone pipeline has bipartisan support in Congress because it will provide American jobs and reduce our country’s dependence on foreign oil. This project has been sitting on the president’s desk awaiting his signature for five years, and it is long past time for him to get on board in support of this proposal.
Cornyn Calls On Kerry To Push For Immediate Approval of Stalled Adoptions In Congo:
Senator Corker’s office welcomed Tennessean and YouTube sensation Kid President – also known as Robby Novak, 10 – to Capitol Hill today. Following a tour of the U.S. Capitol, Novak toured Corker’s office and spoke with the senator, who is in Tennessee today, by phone.  “Our office was proud to welcome Robby, a fellow Tennessean, to Capitol Hill,” said Corker. “His focus on making the world a better place has inspired children and adults all across the country, and candidly, Washington could learn a thing or two from Robby about bringing people together. I thank him for the example he is setting and wish him all the best in the future.”  During his visit, Novak also received a handwritten letter from Senator Corker.   “We’ve got some more work to do. There’s still lots of problems to solve – and you’re the guy to do it. Let’s keep bringing people together,” wrote Corker in his letter to Kid President.
Senator Corker made the following statement on the jobs report released today by the Department of Labor.  “I am pleased the economy is showing some concrete signs of improvement,” said Corker. “Economic growth leads to good paying jobs for Tennesseans and families across the country, so Congress and the administration still must work to put in place sound fiscal policies that focus on addressing our country’s long-term fiscal solvency and getting more Americans back into the workplace to unleash sustained economic growth.”  According to the report, the economy added 288,000 jobs in April and the national unemployment rate fell from 6.7 percent to 6.3 percent.
Speaker Boehner's decision to form a select committee of Congress to investigate the terrorist attacks on our people and facilities in Benghazi on September 11, 2012 comes not a moment too soon. The Speaker is correct that recent revelations demonstrate that the Obama administration approached this national security crisis as a purely political matter in the context of a presidential campaign.  Even more egregiously, the administration has spent all its energy over the last nineteen months trying to cover up their failure to protect our people in Benghazi instead of trying to bring the terrorists who attacked them to justice.  Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid should recognize the need to get to the bottom of this national disgrace and join Speaker Boehner by making this a joint select committee.  Then we can in a bipartisan fashion harness the full resources of Congress to find out what happened to the four brave Americans who lost their lives that terrible night, and why our government lied to us about it for so long.
More from the Obama Economy: the lowest labor force participation rate since 1978.   We desperately need policies that encourage job creation and economic growth.
About time! Let's find out the truth about what happened in #Benghazi!
Honored to work hand in hand with some of my friends in #TXLege on behalf of the Great State of Texas.
Dude. 2 years ago indeed - and STILL no explanation for why four Americans were left for dead in #Benghazi without support.
Have any great pictures of our state? One of the best parts of my job is getting to see all corners of Wyoming. Unfortunately, there’s a lot of folks that don’t know what they’re missing. But that’s where you can help. If you have pictures you’ve taken of our state recently, I’d love to share them on my Facebook and Twitter pages for the world to see. Send them to @SenatorEnzi on Twitter and use the hashtag #MyWyo, along with where they were photographed in the state. You can also share them in the comments section below. I can’t wait to see all the wonderful photos that capture the natural and historical beauty of Wyoming!
Pleased to lend my support to Tom Coburn and Mark Udall effort to preserve the ban on #earmarks.
Government overregulation is hurting hardworking Nebraska families and placing overwhelming burdens on business owners. Like and share this video if you agree!
I today wrote to President Obama asking him to confirm a statement made by former Communications Director for the National Security Council Tommy Vietor that President Obama was absent from the White House Situation Room during the Benghazi attacks.   Here is the text of the letter I sent with Senators Ayotte and McCain. 
Looks like WH misleading American ppl AGAIN check my website to see Benghazi email on talking points from WHITE HOUSE
Thanks to our law enforcement and your families for the sacrifices you make to keep us safe.
Here is Sarge’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Nita’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Congratulations to  National Junior Firefighter of the Year Jennifer Schaefer!
Enjoyed speaking today with the talented actors and actresses with The Creative Coalition who stopped by office today to discuss the impact the arts have on our culture and economy.
Today I stopped in Okeene to visit with folks during the Rattlesnake Roundup, Oklahoma's oldest rattlesnake hunt.
Senator Johnson last night on CNN's Crossfire
Check out this video about 7 of the places in #IL I visited while Congress was on "Spring Break" last month.  More on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/SirUbp
For three years now, since my rambunctious class of legislators arrived in Washington, establishment leaders have challenged anti-establishment conservatives to accept political reality, engage the politics of addition, and produce a viable plan to make principled conservatism appealing and inclusive — to grow our movement into a majority.  Well, here it is: a commitment to economic fairness and competition at the top of our economy to help restore jobs, growth, mobility, and opportunity to the poor and middle class.  Though what I propose is a change, it’s not unfamiliar. http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/4/opportunity-cronyism-and-conservative-reform
This week I had the opportunity to speak to many accomplished scientists and researchers at the 2014 Szent-Györgyi Prize for Progress in Cancer Research Award Dinner hosted by the National Foundation for Cancer Research (NFCR). NFCR supports numerous laboratories and scientists that have helped make possible many cancer treatments that are saving lives today. I was honored to be introduced at this event by The University of Kansas Cancer Center (KUCC) Director Dr. Roy Jensen.  As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that funds the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the National Cancer Institute, I believe we must prioritize medical research that saves and improves lives and reduces health care costs. Thanks to NFCR for its continuing efforts to improve the lives of cancer patients across our country.  Pictured left to right: KUCC's Dan Welch, NFCR President Franklin Salisbury, University of California at San Diego's Webster Cavenee and Roy Jensen.
Congratulations to the new Fort Hays State University (FHSU) President Dr. Mirta Martin. Her selection was announced today by the Kansas Board of Regents. My wife, Robba, is a Regent and over the past five months has served on the FHSU Presidential Search Committee chaired by Denis Miller. I look forward to meeting and working with Dr. Martin, and wish outgoing President Hammond the very best.
Such tragic news today in Alaska. I am heartbroken over the two fallen Alaska State Troopers in Tanana, and send my prayers, respect and condolences to the Johnson and Rich families.
Think we need to rein in spending? Want to know how our record debt impacts you directly? Check out the debt calculator on my website here: http://1.usa.gov/1u1bD8O
In case you missed it, last night I joined Sean Hannity on Fox News to discuss the Obama Administration’s involvement with the Benghazi talking points.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxqjVx8ANhQ&feature=youtu.be
Congratulations to the Kansas Bureau of Investigation, Washburn University, and the City of Topeka on the ground breaking of the new KBI Forensic Science Center on Washburn University's campus.  Once this impressive building is up and running, Kansas will have enhanced capabilities to conduct state of the art investigations. Through their partnership with Washburn, KBI hopes to be able to recruit, train, and retain talented scientists to work in the state's crime lab. Congratulations on this important event!
A real pleasure to meet with my friend and former Congresswoman Marilyn Musgrave from the Susan B. Anthony List this week. Protecting the sanctity of life has always been one of my top priorities in public service.
We had great news last week when the Air Force announced McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita will be the home of the new KC-46A Tanker mission.  I had the opportunity to discuss this major announcement with Col. Joel Jackson, Commander of the 22nd Air Refueling Wing at McConnell AFB, this week.  Wichita is truly fueling freedom!
It was great to sit down and talk with Fort Hays State University President Edward Hammond this week.  President Hammond has served an impressive 28 years at FHSU, and will be retiring this year. Thank you for your service to FHSU and Kansas President Hammond!
Senator Rubio Defends Gun Rights on NRA News 
ICYMI: WAFF report on how Sen. Sessions returns a significant portion of his office budget each year to the U.S. Treasury, spending less than other U.S Senators: 
The Post and Courier has it right: we need "a House-Senate select committee to demand the full truth on Benghazi." #Dude  http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20140502/PC1002/140509921/1021/yes-it-was-about-benghazi
It's Friday, PA! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/wqtT4. Thanks for reading!
Hey, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, relax. #RainHappens 
We need to keep #Pittsburgh's 911th open. I'll continue working with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and Congressman Tim Murphy (PA-18) to see that it does.
I was honored to speak at the inauguration of Dr. Rodney Bennett as the 10th president of the University of Southern Mississippi today.
There is no excuse for missed opportunities in today’s economy, especially when 10.5 million Americans can’t find work. President Obama has played politics with Keystone for way too long – jeopardizing America’s strategic interests and economic growth. 
