Check out NH.com for a list of locations where you can watch the fireworks this year!
As we approach the Fourth of July, take a moment to read my column honoring our men and women in uniform and their families for making tremendous sacrifices to protect the freedoms that make America great.
"Moderate Dems increasingly accept that rates have to be tied to something resembling economic reality." #StudentLoans
As the top Republican on the Senate Banking Committee, I have asked the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to investigate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) collection of millions of Americans’  personal credit card, banking, mortgage and student loan information.  The size and scope of this data collection warrants proper government oversight to both guard consumers' privacy and ensure that the CFPB is acting within its existing authority.  I have asked the GAO to determine exactly what data the CFPB is collecting, and for what purpose.
Last week, @SenatorRisch and I met with Idaho participants from the @jsajuniorstate Georgetown Summer School. #idpol
ICYMI: The Christian Science Monitor today published a profile of Senator Corker, highlighting his willingness to take on the tough issues of our time.  The profile notes, “While Washington's dysfunction almost led him to quit the Senate after one term in 2012, Corker’s dogged effort to broker compromises on a handful of major issues bespeaks a senator who is arguably the body’s happiest warrior, plunging into issues from Benghazi to the budget with aplomb.”  Read more here: http://bit.ly/13omazX
Heard the Obama Administration may delay the Obamacare employer mandate for 1 year. 
 
 How about we delay it all forever with a full repeal?
As the Catholic Church observes the Freedom Fortnight in the lead up to the 4th of July, this is a must-read by Archbishop Lori of Baltimore on how the HHS mandate represents an intolerable encroachment on the ability of religious institutions to minister to the poorest and most vulnerable in our society.
Prayers for Father Francois Murad, beheaded by al Qaida jihadists in Syria.  A grim reminder of why we should not give arms to these people, and why it is so important they do not gain access to Assad's chemical weapons stockpiles. Continued prayers for for the two bishops kidnapped in April and for all of the Christians suffering or under threat in that country.
On Tuesday, I plan to be in Torrington and Pine Bluffs for public “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. Please stop by and share your thoughts and concerns with me. Click below for more details.
Speaking in Ames tonight Discussing US/Australian relations w/Australian farmers&ag leaders including farm&trade policy
Harlan TM 55 ppl Topics: credit union tax, highway bill, Older Americans Act, Medicaid, student loans, immigration
Atlantic, 45 ppl Topics: Obamacare, tax reform, immigration, student loans, farm bill, IRS, estate tax, NSA surveillance, partisanship
Council Bluffs mtg, Griffin Pipe mfg, Employee town meeting&plant tour.  Very nice visit.
Grassley makes KMAland visit
Here's The Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Logan TM 48 ppl Topics: FEMA, F&F, Obama travel, Obamacare, foreign aid, college loans, Syria, flat tax, gay marriage, Benghazi, guns
Glenwood TM 72 ppl Topics: Immigration, Obamacare, FEMA regs, guns, DHS buying bullets, campaign finance reform, jobs, F&F, Benghazi, IRS
2nd Menendez-Kirk Iran sanctions amendment already having an impact: Chinese firms drop Iran as latest U.S. sanctions bite http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/07/01/iran-shipping-idUSL5N0F43CH20130701
McConnell: ‘And while the White House seems to slowly be admitting what Americans already know, and what I hear consistently in my travels around Kentucky regarding the regulatory burden on employers, the fact remains that #Obamacare needs to be repealed and replaced with common-sense reforms that actually lower costs for Americans.’
Yesterday, I stopped by Pleasanton, Kansas, to visit with business leaders at Thriftway as well as city officials and the USD 344 Superintendent. Thank you for the warm welcome and updates on the plans in place to keep this rural community thriving.
Read my op-ed in today's Tiffin Advertiser-Tribune - Ohio families, Russian children: International heartbreak
Read the op-ed I penned for CNN: "Stop using taxpayer money to aid Egypt's Morsy"  http://www.cnn.com/2013/07/02/opinion/paul-stop-egypt-funds/index.html?iref=allsearch
BREAKING: Treasury announcing Obamacare employer mandate delayed one year, until 2015.  Individual mandate (Tax) still set for January 2014.  As this ill-conceived  law continues to unravel, we should repeal and replace it with market based reforms that protect the doctor patient relationship.  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-07-02/health-law-employer-mandate-said-to-be-delayed-to-2015.html  http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324436104578582082787214660.html?mod=WSJ_hps_LEFTTopStories
In my address to the nation this weekend I warned about Obamacare forcing private insurers to drop coverage plans.  In California, Aetna has already dropped individual market plans forcing 50,000 people to find new coverage, likely on the exchange.  I asked the country, how many more insurers will follow suit?    Looks like we’re starting to get our answer.  UnitedHealth has notified state regulators in California that they too will leave the state's individual market at year-end and force about 8,000 customers to find new coverage.  Those 8,000 people may have liked their coverage, but under Obamacare they can’t keep it.   http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-unitedhealth-insure-calif-20130702,0,4370321.story
President delays Obamacare small business mandate a year. Better solution: let's repeal the whole thing.
July 2, 2013
Some bad weather in Hampton County! Luckily we fit under the tree. Heading to tour Nevamar Decorative Surfaces. #southcarolina
NA
My wife, Kris, and I are saddened at the death of former Rep. William H. Gray. Rep. Gray's leadership as both a Member of Congress and as a pastor has left an indelible mark on generations of public servants. In particular, Rep. Gray was a pillar of Philadelphia’s African American community and will be fondly remembered as a mentor to men and women who sought to serve their communities. Kris and I will keep Rep. Gray’s family in our prayers.
July 2, 1863: As the Battle of Gettysburg raged into a second day, places like "the wheat field" and "Little Roundtop" entered our national vocabulary...
It was my pleasure to address the Back Mountain Chamber in Luzerne County this morning. Thanks for having me.
At Martin's Famous Pastry Shoppe Inc. in Chambersburg.
I had a great time visiting Martin's Famous Pastry Shoppe Inc. yesterday in Chambersburg. Thanks to everyone who made me feel so welcome.
