Good news for ROTC programs at East Tennessee State University, Tennessee Technology University and University of Tennessee Martin: Alexander announces Army won’t close programs and will allow time for improvements.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1bcj1S8
LIKE or SHARE if you think the Obama administration needs to be held accountable for the promise: “If you like your plan, you can keep it.”   Sen. Alexander called on the president yesterday to put that promise into law, saying the reality of Obamacare is actually: “‘If you want health care, go find it—on a website that the Administration says won’t be working properly until the end of November.’’’ Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1arxHMo
TUNE IN: Sen. Alexander will be on FOX News’s “America’s News HQ” at 1:00 p.m. ET/ 12 p.m. CT to discuss Obamacare.
LIKE or SHARE if you don’t want to pay more for health insurance or lose your insurance because of Obamacare. Yesterday Sen. Alexander said Tennesseans are losing their plans, despite WhiteHouse.gov still promising, “If you like your plan you can keep it and you don’t have to change a thing due to the health care law.” Follow this link to read more from the Memphis Business Journal: http://bit.ly/17b6zGG
NA
Many of you have sent me your questions and concerns about the impact of ObamaCare. Today I shared some of these stories on the Senate floor and discussed how President Obama’s health care law is forcing millions of Americans to lose their health care coverage. Share your story by visiting http://bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts.
Today, during the Senate Committee on Finance, I was able to question HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius.   Click below to watch.
Stories from families in North Carolina have been rolling in – have you shared #yourstory?
  
 republican.senate.gov/yourstory
The U.S. Army has withdrawn its proposal to eliminate Arkansas State University’s ROTC program. The Army will keep A-State’s program open for an additional year while it re-evaluates its program criteria.
This week, Republican Senators launched a website for Americans to share stories on how #ObamaCare has affected you, your family, or small business. Just follow this link to share #YourStory
I'll join Kristen Welker on MSNBC at 1:10 pm (ET) 11:10 am (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
This morning, at a Senate Finance Committee hearing with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius testifying, I catalogued the many failed administration pledges about Obamacare.  We need a timeout of the implementation.  The law is not working as it was promised, proving this is more than a website problem.  We need to find out why premiums are going up, not down, and why millions are experiencing cancelations of their health care coverage instead of being protected.  I challenged the secretary to further explain her claims that premiums in the individual market are going down.  Sebelius held that the rates are lower “based on the CBO [Congressional Budget Office] projections, but I noted that those projections are based on selective data and are inconsistent with recent studies.  Ultimately, the secretary would not confirm on the record that rates are going down, only that they are lower than previous “projections.”
The Finance Committee is coming to order to hear from Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius. Watch the hearing live on C-Span by clicking the link below. 
 http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN/
What the Budget Conference Committee should work to achieve.
Senator Collins will lead a hearing today to examine transportation challenges faced by our nation's seniors, especially those living in rural areas.  Katherine Freund from ITNAmerica, based in Maine, will testify to help look for solutions. You can watch the hearing live at 2:15 pm today here: http://1.usa.gov/1arLfaw
Talking Obamacare with Megyn Kelly tonight circa 9 p.m. ET
VIDEO: Sebelius tells Cornyn: It's "Possible" Obamacare Navigators Could Be Convicted Felons:
Sec. Sebelius says hold her accountable for Obamacare broken promises; I do.  She need to resign.
HHS Sebelius testifying on Obamacare in Senate Finance Committee shortly
Obamacare hangover: Gallup Nov. 2-4, 2013: Obama approve 39%, disapprove 53%
"The true promise of the ACA is now clear: 'If you like your current health plan, tough luck; you will buy a plan with coverage the federal government has decided you must have.'”
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: “U.S. Sen. Bob Corker of Chattanooga and all of the staffers in his Washington and Tennessee offices who buy health insurance will purchase it through one of the federal [#Obamacare] exchanges…” Read more at the Knoxville News Sentinel: http://bit.ly/1dNkIcH.
Gorgeous shot of the Capitol at sunset this evening.
SHARE if you agree Obamacare is a disaster and should be repealed entirely! #MakeDCListen
TODAY: Secretary Sebelius testifies in front of the Senate Finance Committee on the Obamacare debacle.
 
 COMMENT below: If YOU had the chance to ask her one question... what would you ask?
I spoke with FOX News’ Megyn Kelly this week about the Administration’s broken health care promises and my prediction in 2010 that Americans would not be able to keep the health care they liked. Once again I am working on passing legislation to overturn the rules that would take away your ability to keep your insurance.
At a Finance Committee hearing today, I told the Secretary of Health and Human Services that she should be worried about people who are losing health insurance they wanted to keep. She helped President Obama break his promise. We have legislation in the Senate now that would fix this problem.
This Administration’s war on coal will hurt all Nebraska families. As EPA embarks on a “listening tour” to hear input from the public on its proposed regulations, it only makes sense that the agency actually visit the areas that will be hit hardest by these new rules. Nebraskans deserve a fair opportunity to be heard.
Senator Grassley spoke in support of the Military Justice Improvement Act, which seeks to give survivors of sexual assault in the military a fair chance at justice by eliminating bias and inherent conflicts of interest posed by the military chain of command. Grassley joined a bipartisan group of Senators in advocating for this amendment to the Annual Defense Bill, which is expected on the Senate floor before Thanksgiving.  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47397
Senator Grassley met with retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor before a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing where the committee was considering several judicial nominations.  Grassley is the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee which has jurisdiction over the federal court system.
This morning I'm back&4th btween Judiciary &Finance Comm 4hearings on FedPrisons&Obamacare  I will hv Qs at both especially Sebilius
Want to share how #ObamaCare has affected you, your family, or small business? Tell us #YourStory by clicking below
There are about 8,000 people in the town of Cushing. If we can get #KeystoneXL moving -- and the President had not stopped what was happening with the pipeline coming in from the north -- about another 8,000 people would be employed in Oklahoma as we speak. The big problem here is we have a President who's had a war on fossil fuel and the pipeline is just a small part of that. We're in a position right now where we can have tremendous advances in our economy. Just look at Oklahoma, Texas, North Dakota — we average about 4 percent unemployment rate. We need to go ahead and develop those resources that we have.  I appreciate Washington Journal giving me time to bring awareness to this issue, and I hope you will take a moment to watch my interview in full: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etCPSEiIH3A&feature=youtu.be
Did you know that Cushing, Oklahoma is the largest oil storage hub in the nation? I will be live on C-SPAN at 8:20AM Central this morning to discuss the boom of energy resources in Oklahoma as well as the importance of the Keystone pipeline to our nation's economy and domestic energy independence. http://c-spanvideo.org/schedule/
Have you lost your insurance plan because of #Obamacare? Share #YourStory about how it's affected you and your family: http://Republican.Senate.Gov/YourStory
The Harvest Dance at Parowan High School is coming up, and Kirtlyn Hunt asked Tim Byl (tallest guy in the picture) to the dance.  While visiting my office as part of a Close Up - Washington DC group, Tim enlisted my help.  As any good senator would, I called into the high school to let Kirtlyn know over the school intercom system that Tim's answer is "yes."  I hope they have a great time at the dance.
I have been asked some good questions about my tax reform plan, and I posted responses to some of the frequently asked questions about this bill on my website.  You can learn more about my pro-growth, family-friendly tax reform here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=family-fairness-and-opportunity-tax-reform
McConnell: Nearly every day, we see evidence of more Americans losing their health coverage. Take a look at this map. 
 In my home state of Kentucky about 280,000 folks are losing their private insurance as a result of Obamacare—despite the President’s repeated promises that such a thing couldn't possibly happen. That compares with only about 5,000 who've been able to sign up for new private plans on the Kentucky exchange. In other words, so far about 56 times as many Kentuckians have lost their private insurance plans as have gotten new ones on the state exchange… hardly what you’d call a success.
Words alone aren’t going to solve the problem of military sexual assault – if they did, it would be eliminated already.  We need action. We need an independent, objective and non-biased military justice system where victims feel comfortable reporting these crimes to.  I know the Military Justice Improvement Act would create that, which is why I stood with my colleagues across the political spectrum urging all of Congress to support this effort.  We must band together for real, meaningful change to protect those who protect us. Read more here: 1.usa.gov/1cTv1uJ
’Keep your health care plan if you like it’ was one of the key claims that President Obama used to force this flawed new health care law through Congress, and now more than 5,000 Alaskans have seen this promise broken in the first month of its rollout. Today, I’m proudly co-sponsoring a new bill that will allow anyone to hold onto the health insurance plans they’re satisfied with, and not force them to discontinue their plans and enter the health care exchange.
Premium rates rising 20, 60, 80 percent, monthly payments more than mortgages, old and young Alaskans alarmed at the costs. These are a few things I am hearing from Alaskans about the health care law and exchanges. Moments ago, I went to the floor to stress that this law is not accomplishing the goal of affordable health care -- and shared letters from some of you in Alaska with my Senate colleagues.
Appeared on Your World with Neil Cavuto to talk about today's Senate Finance Committee hearing with Sec. Sebelius. There are fundamental problems with this healthcare system that go beyond a website, and there is more trouble ahead.
The roll-out of the Federal Obamacare Exchange has been a disaster.  I have heard from multiple constituents that they were unable to connect at all and those that were able to connect found that their rates have gone up significantly. Please share your story with me here:
Demanded answers from Sec. Sebelius on the troubling roll-out of Obamacare at the Senate Finance Committee hearing earlier today.
Supreme Court heard arguments today about prayer before government meetings. Hope the Court listens to Amicus brief I signed and upholds right to pray.
I went "On The Record with Greta Van Susteren" last night to talk about Obamacare’s failed implementation and the problems ahead for the legislation.
The vast majority of our service members are honorable and upstanding individuals. In the instance when one is accused of a serious crime, especially one of assault in any form, the allegation needs to be taken seriously. The Military Justice Improvement Act is necessary to protect those who are protecting us.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mx806q_hZv0
Some people are touting Kentucky as a success, but 10 times as many people have lost their insurance than have signed up for Obamacare.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3bOTlEAP7U
Fox News carried my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign live today.  More people are losing their insurance than are signing up on the website. Secretary Sebelius said America should hold her accountable, which is why today I again requested her resignation.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Di6x6TdJXC4
Senator Rubio Speaks With CNN's Dana Bash:
Senator Rubio: Cuban Regime Must Free “El Critico:" http://1.usa.gov/1dOdJA5  It is with great concern that I call on the international community and the Obama Administration to appeal for the release of Cuban rapper Angel Yunier Remón Arzuaga, also known as “El Crítico” (“The Critic”), who is in life-threatening condition in a Cuban jail for using his lyrics to protest against the Cuban regime. His unjust incarceration and the regime’s indifference to his frail condition should be a lesson to all Americans that Cuba is not an exotic vacation destination, but a place where people are suffering very tragic repercussions for trying to express themselves.
Senate Intelligence Committee Approves Rubio & King Amendment to Provide Independent Check on Targeting Decisions: http://1.usa.gov/1hjzlte   Washington, D.C. – The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence yesterday voted to approve an amendment authored by U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Angus King (I-ME) that would require an independent alternative analysis, commonly referred to as a “red-team analysis,” be conducted if the government is considering the legality or the use of targeted lethal force against a known U.S. person located outside the U.S. who is involved in international terrorism. The provision, which Senators Rubio and King originally introduced in May as S. 1035, the Targeted Strike Oversight Reform Act of 2013, was adopted as an amendment to the Fiscal Year 2014 Intelligence Authorization Act.  The Committee approved the Authorization Act by a vote of 13-2 on Tuesday.
NA
In case you missed it, here's my discussion with Hannity on Fox News of the failures of Healthcare.gov and the South Carolinian whose information it compromised  http://youtu.be/M6D4CxjkJLE
I will be discussing the case of the South Carolinian whose identity was compromised on Healthcare.gov tonight at 10:10 pm with Hannity on Fox News--be sure to tune in!
Tonight at 10 p.m., Sean Hannity and I will discuss #Obamacare and my questioning of Secretary Kathleen Sebelius at today's Senate Finance Committee hearing. Hope you can tune in!
At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing this afternoon, I was happy to speak on behalf of two outstanding nominees for Pennsylvania's Eastern District: Judge Edward Smith of Easton and Mr. Gerald McHugh of Philadelphia. I am proud to work with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to recommend experienced individuals of unquestioned honesty and integrity for nomination to the federal bench. I thank the Judiciary Committee for holding the hearing and I hope they report the nominations favorably.
What an honor to meet Justice Sandra Day O'Connor at today's confirmation hearing in the Senate!
At a Senate Finance Committee hearing today, I questioned Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius about the roll out of #Obamacare. I pressed the Secretary about the alarming number of Pennsylvanians that have been notified they are losing their health coverage and asked what changes she could recommend to help those who have lost coverage and cannot access the website.
Good to talk to Steve Doocy on Fox and Friends about what I want to ask Secretary Sebelius at a Finance Committee hearing in a few minutes. http://video.foxnews.com/v/2810953040001/secretary-sebelius-back-in-hot-seat/?playlist_id=930909787001
I'll be on Good Day Philadelphia at 7:30 with Sheinelle Jones and Mike Jerrick to preview my hearing wtih Sec. Sebelius on #Obamacare today.
Good morning PA. I'll be on Fox & Friends at about 6:40 to talk #Obamacare and my hearing with HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius today. Hope you can tune in.
I am pleased with the Army’s decision to delay the closing of the ROTC program at USM. It is unfortunate that we even need to discuss this issue given USM’s long-standing importance to our nation’s fighting forces. This delay represents just the first step in our fight to protect USM’s proud ROTC tradition. I join Senator Cochran in congratulating Gov. Bryant, Dr. Bennett, and LTC Worley on their efforts to help save the program.
