Military sexual assault is totally unacceptable and we must hold the right people accountable while protecting the victims of these crimes. I spoke on the Senate floor today about amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act that I am supporting to help prevent these tragedies from happening in the military.
As the Senate considers the National Defense Authorization Act, I have introduced and supported several important amendments that will help protect military facilities in Missouri, promote religious freedoms among religious minorities in the Near East and South Central Asia, protect sexual assault victims in the military, and ensure the safety of our servicemen and women. To learn more about these amendments, visit my website by clicking on the link below.
Today, Senator Casey and I, along with our 50 Senate co-sponsors and 305 House co-sponsors, urge Congress to pass the ABLE Act and allow families of disabled kids to have equal access to existing tax-free savings accounts.   Learn more by clicking below.
We had a great time cheering the A-State Red Wolves on to victory on Saturday and celebrating our work to protect the school's ROTC program.
Please join me for a live tele-town hall TONIGHT. I want to hear your thoughts and questions on issues that concern you.  WHEN: Wednesday, November 20th at 6:30 p.m. (MT)  TO JOIN THE CONVERSATION DIAL: (855) 756-7520 PASS CODE: #23201
I highlighted stories from WY families today who are losing their healthcare coverage and facing skyrocketing premiums.
These recent allegations regarding the jobs report only add to the mistrust the American people have of the president and his administration.
NA
Since its launch, the federal health care exchange website has been plagued with glitches and problems and is not functioning properly for the vast majority of users.  The administration claimed that the website would be fixed by November 30th.  It now appears that this is another broken promise.  Yesterday, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said the website would “still be a work in progress beyond the end of the month.
News Release: I have joined Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-New Hampshire), Roy Blunt (R-Missouri) and Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri) to introduce an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, for Fiscal Year 2014, aimed at preventing the Air Force from prematurely retiring the A-10 Thunderbolt II.  The senators amendment would prevent the Air Force from retiring any additional A-10s until the Air Force certifies that it has a sufficient number of fully operationally capable F-35As to replace the retiring A-10s and to meet combatant commander close air support requirements.  The amendment also requires the non-partisan Government Accountability Office (GAO) to verify the Air Force’s certification.  A decision to prematurely divest the A-10’s would increase risk to our national security and would have a significant impact on the future of Idaho’s Air Guard.
Citing the devastating emotional and economic toll that Alzheimer's disease takes on more than five million Americans and their families, Senators Collins and Amy Klobuchar today unveiled a bipartisan Senate Resolution declaring that the goal of preventing and effectively treating Alzheimer's by 2025 is an "urgent national priority."
Senator Collins met with NASA astronaut, and York, Maine resident, Chris Cassidy, today.  She thanked him for his service to our country and for inspiring students all around our state.
Cornyn Demands Obama Terminate Troubled Navigator Program:
Video: Cornyn, Colleagues Highlight Wasteful Government Spending:
PHOTO: Great opportunity from AEI this AM to discuss the future of U.S.-India relations.
All of us owe a duty to our soldiers, our sailors, airmen and marines -- the young men and women who voluntarily step forward to risk everything to defend our nation. And for one of those young soldiers to find himself or herself the victim of sexual assault is an absolute violation of that trust.  I would encourage all of my friends in the Senate, both Democrats and Republicans, to come together in support of the Gillibrand amendment to strengthen our military and, at the same time, to deter and punish the unacceptable, unspeakable crimes of sexual assaults so we can together honor the commitment we owe to all the men and women in the military.
If you are not familiar with Senator Inouye's spectacular service to our country, please take a moment to read this: http://1.usa.gov/I3rjVz #MedalofFreedom #MedalofHonor
It’s been over a year since the #Benghazi attack, and we’ve still got a lot of unanswered questions about what happened. It’s time to change that.
America’s ICBM force is a visible reminder that America is prepared to protect itself and its allies from any nation that wishes to harm us. This Administration’s tendency to arbitrarily and unilaterally reduce our nuclear force only increases threats to our national security and is a naive and short-sighted policy. We owe it to these men and women at F.E. Warren to stand up against bad policy that puts Wyoming and our nation at risk.
During a Senate Small Business Committee hearing today on the small business exchanges required under President Obama’s health care law, I discussed solutions I have offered to fix America’s health care system long before President Obama became a U.S. senator. I discussed the benefit of allowing small businesses to shop across state lines and the importance of moving forward with market-based reforms that would interject more competition into the health insurance market
Nebraska's Santee Sioux Nation was honored today with the Congressional Gold Medal for the tremendous service its members performed as World War II code talkers. This is a fitting tribute to express our gratitude to all of these heroes for their work translating important wartime messages, often behind enemy lines.
Individual stories of frustration with the Affordable Care Act continue to pour into my office. The promises of Obamacare do not stack up to its realities, and it is clear that this law must be fully repealed.
While I am deeply concerned about a number of issues facing our military, the problem of sexual assault is particularly insidious. Last week, I joined a bipartisan group of senators to introduce legislation to expand protections for victims of military sexual assault and ensure accountability. Read more about this proposal in my Omaha World-Herald op-ed here: http://www.omaha.com/article/20131120/NEWS08/131129969/midlands-voices-sexual-assault-in-military-necessitates-common-sense-reforms
NA
NA
Senator Grassley spoke on the Senate floor today in support of the Military Justice Improvement Act. You can watch the speech below, or click here to read the text: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47527
I was at Cong Gold Medal ceremony to honor Native American codetalkers Gr8 tribute 2 their work WWI&WWII Espec proud of Iowa Meskwaki tribe
Today, I filed two amendments to NDAA that will speed up the veteran disability claims process. Learn about them here: http://1.usa.gov/1h32DuU
Today I spoke on the floor in support of Sen. Ayotte and Sen. McCaskill’s NDAA amendment to combat sexual assault in the military and provide victims with greater resources to report assaults. This amendment would help give victims a voice and would hold commanders accountable to ensure cases are properly managed. #PolicyMatters http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1K-gEBGBYI&feature=share&list=TLJwIa742oS22Ecyqm82dm5c1DeEPCe9_r
Today I joined my colleagues in presenting 33 Native American Tribes with the Congressional Gold Medal in recognition of their military service during WWI and WWII. Native Americans who served as code talkers during these two wars are true American heroes whose ingenuity helped propel the Allied forces to victory and saved countless lives in the process.
 
 http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-presents-congressional-gold-medal-to-native-american-code-talkers
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will begin damage assessments tomorrow in the #Illinois counties affected by the devastating tornadoes. Gov. Quinn requested the assessments, which will provide documentation of the damage in a request for federal disaster assistance.  http://www3.illinois.gov/PressReleases/ShowPressRelease.cfm?SubjectID=45&RecNum=11725
I got a visit today from Rep. Rodney Davis after the  #WRDA #WRRDA conference committee meeting. He's working to include our public-private partnership bill.
ICYMI - I was a guest on Greta Van Susteren's show to participate in a discussion with her about the failed rollout of #Obamacare.  One of the highlights was when we discussed how it appears this law was designed to fail.  At this point it appears that Obamacare will collapse and I think it is destined for collapse, and I think most people in the administration acknowledge it's going to collapse. The difference is that a lot of people within the administration and people like Harry Reid have acknowledged that not if but when it does collapse, they hope that we will quickly move towards a single payer healthcare system. That's one of the many problems with this law is that it was built to fail.  It was built to fail, knowing that it would fail, and as it failed it would harm many millions of americans:
My constituents continue to express their concerns with various UN treaties that are under consideration.  I was asked specifically about the UN Arms Trade Treaty in my most recent tele-townhall, and you can watch my response below.  You can also visit my Sovereignty First page on my website to share your feedback on this issue: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/sovereignty-first
Obamacare: Predictions Coming True ‘And the fact is, a lot of folks warned about these consequences coming to pass. But the President’s political machine just steamrolled anybody who spoke up. They laughed it all off. Dismissed everyone else as naysayers and cynics.’
What's your favorite Kansas City barbecue stop?   When I fly through Kansas City to and from Washington each week I have a regular opportunity to enjoy KC's abundance of barbecue options. The history, personality, sauce and world-class Kansas-raised beef make Kansas City barbecue tough to beat.
It saddens and angers me to keep hearing the Alaskan voices of military sexual assault.  We need profound change in our nation’s military and a true zero tolerance policy – what they have been pledging for years.  I have heard too many Alaskan victim stories, seen too many tears and demanded answers myself too many times. This is unacceptable and needs to be addressed NOW. http://1.usa.gov/17O16Au
NA
NA
NA
Today, I spoke about the challenges and opportunities for Alaska Natives and other minorities seeking employment in Alaska’s energy sector at a forum in D.C. hosted by the U.S. Department of Energy. If you want to get into the field, there are great job training and STEM education programs in our state, including at Kotzebue’s Alaska Technical Center, the Fairbanks Pipeline Training Center, and at Ilisagvik College in Barrow.
"The Obama administration's war on coal not only runs counter to global energy trends. It actually threatens to jeopardize U.S. global competitiveness and the prospects for American energy independence."  Read the U.S. News article, "The Utterly Pointless War on Coal" HERE: http://www.usnews.com/opinion/blogs/peter-roff/2013/10/29/obamas-war-on-coal-runs-counter-to-global-energy-trends
WATCH: "We Want Our Freedoms Back" http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2013/11/20/Exclusive-Rand-surveillance
Obamacare is anything but affordable! Share #yourstory by visiting paul.senate.gov
Last night, I spoke with CNN's Erin Burnett and explained how Obamacare is antithetical to everything we believe in as a country.   Watch, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IIH4o0HAsw
Senator Rubio Delivers Major Foreign Policy Speech At AEI: http://1.usa.gov/1aGwHHQ. Read the fact sheet here: http://1.usa.gov/1bD9LGY  Rubio: “Diplomacy, foreign assistance and military intervention are tools at our disposal. But foreign policy cannot be simply about tactics. It must be strategic, with a clear set of goals that guide us in deciding how to apply our influence. These goals should be to protect and defend our people, to promote liberty and human rights throughout the world, and to advance the enduring pursuit of peace for all mankind.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses ObamaCare Bailout Bill On The O'Reilly Factor:   Rubio: “The notion that we have to take taxpayer dollars to bail out insurance companies to make ObamaCare work, that alone is a testament to why this entire law needs to be repealed. The sooner the better.”
Breitbart News quoted Senator Sessions’ response yesterday to the President on immigration:   “‘House members need to be on alert: it’s not step-by-step if the individual bills are combined into a comprehensive proposal in a backroom negotiation and delivered to the President’s desk… Instead, the House must insist that enforcement is accomplished before advancing any other immigration bills.’”  The story went on to explain: “Obama [in his remarks] did not mention the fact that the Congressional Budget Office determined that comprehensive immigration reform would lower the wages of working class Americans while he touted the economic benefits for big corporations. House Republican leaders have indicated they would not go to conference on the exact Senate bill, and Obama's words indicate passing significant provisions of the Senate's bill in a ‘piecemeal’ way may be a way that proponents of immigration reform will attempt to pass the Senate bill without saying they did so in a ‘comprehensive’ manner.”  “Sessions also said the Obama administration ‘is in a state of open defiance of federal immigration law’ and House ‘members should tell the President: your immigration bill will dramatically surge permanent low-skill immigration at a time when 91.5 million Americans are outside the labor force… We need to be helping Americans get off of welfare, off of unemployment and into good-paying jobs.’”
I'll be joining Newt Gingrich and Van Jones on Crossfire tonight at 630p on CNN - make sure to tune in!
President Obama is taking Obamacare from bad to worse-- ignoring potentially huge economic consequences.  Read more in the Greenville News Editorial here: http://www.greenvilleonline.com/article/20131120/OPINION/311200011/Editorial-Fix-makes-ACA-worse-than-was?nclick_check=1
Always a good day when the Milky Ways and 3 Musketeers show up in the office. Both made in PA. #FTW
I have introduced a bill expressing congressional support for Israel against potential threats posed by Iran and Syria.
Wonderful to see the pride of Delaware County, the Boeing V-22 Osprey, assisting with humanitarian missions in the Philippines.
Pittsburgh Penguins CEO David Morehouse briefed me on plans to redevelop the old Civic Arena this afternoon.
Great meeting with David Morehouse, CEO of the Pittsburgh Penguins today.
"Do any of you today think that the site is secure?"  The answer from the experts...a unanimous "no." #Obamacare #trainwreck
