NA
As I’ve long said, we can rein in federal spending in more targeted ways that don't hurt the economy or punish average Americans. This is a step in the right direction.
I was honored to join the American Bar Association TIPS at their Leadership in Action Luncheon – Happy 80th birthday and again, congrats to all award recipients.
Furloughs, health care and a visit from the Jonesboro Chamber of Commerce were among the highlights of this week in Washington.
This week's column isn't policy focused, rather intended to raise awareness of an uptick in scam artists preying on Americans, especially older ones. Here's some tips to protect yourself and your loved ones from those trying to take advantage of others.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I have reintroduced the Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act.  Harvesting of polar bears was banned on May 14, 2008 when the species was listed as threatened; however, this ban prevented hunters who had legally killed a polar bear in Canada prior to this date from importing their trophy hide.  This measure would allow those hunters impacted to import the trophies that belong to them.  Bureaucratic restrictions put in place after the legal hunt took place should not prevent these hunters from their harvest.
FAA UPDATE: Glad to see the U.S. Senate has found a solution to extend flexibility to the FAA to deal with furloughs without gimmicks or taxes. The solution will also protect the FAA contract towers, including those in Idaho Falls, Lewiston, Hailey and Pocatello.
Please keep the families of the fallen in West in your prayers.
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn's remarks at the West, Texas memorial:
Cornyn at West Memorial: “Nothing will ever shake the memory of their heroism and their bravery:”
Cornyn at West Memorial: “When the call went out for help, these men as well as others ran toward the danger:”
Cornyn: “The only way to remedy [Obamacare] is to repeal the bill in its entirety:”
Cornyn: “All Americans ought to be exempt from the onerous and costly provisions of Obamacare, not just a select few:”
Great to visit with the Texas Grain & Feed Association. They know that we've got to get economic growth going in this country again!
In the face of adversity, the best of the American spirit has always come shining through. This was especially true in Boston and West, Texas.  Listen to and SHARE our latest Freedom Minute segment.
After I spoke at an event in Wyoming recently a constituent came up to me and told me that she liked me, but she didn’t agree with every vote I made or every proposal I support.  Then she thought about it a little and said that the only person she would agree with 100 percent was herself.  I really appreciate that awareness. There is only one person who agrees with every vote or action I’ve taken as a senator and it’s not even Mrs. Enzi.  I hope people consider my record as a whole and then make their judgments.
Senator Barrasso and I joined other energy state senators in introducing legislation to stop abusive and unnecessary regulations on our coal and energy sectors. We’re standing up for coal and energy workers across Wyoming and the country. Click the link below to find out more.
Wyoming shouldn’t subsidize out-of-state and online retailers that operate and sell to people in our state. Right now, these retailers can offer lower prices than our local businesses simply because they do not have to charge the same sales tax that all of our local merchants do. Sales tax pays for the roads we drive on, the schools our kids go to, and the fire and policeman we depend on. And I don’t want to see a situation where other taxes will have to be raised to cover basic local services because these out-of-state and online retailers are not collecting the sales tax that is owed on their products. My Marketplace Fairness bill doesn’t create a new tax or raise any tax. It’s about states’ rights. It allows a state to enforce its own laws without having to ask Washington for permission. The federal government should not have a role or authority in telling a state how to manage its finances. This bill specifically says that it’s up to the states to enforce this law and it is 100% optional. Not a single dime would go to Washington. The bill would also protect small businesses until they have $1 million in online sales. It’s not complex or costly for businesses.  Free software and services to collect and send the tax to the state are provided to businesses by the states.  Take the time to research and read the bill yourself, it’s 11 pages and included below. Don’t take all the negative hype for granted. I don’t support policies that favor one taxpayer over another or one business over another. All businesses should play by the same set of rules and compete on a level playing field.
Wishing you all a Happy Arbor Day! In 1885, Arbor Day was named a legal holiday in Nebraska and J. Sterling Morton’s birthday, April 22, was selected as the date for its permanent observance. I have cosponsored a joint resolution introduced by U.S. Senator Mike Johanns designating the last Friday in April as Arbor Day.
Obamacare is a train wreck.  Congress shouldn’t be able to get out of Obamacare until everyone else does.   If you agree, "Share" with your friends on Facebook.
Grassley addresses immigration reform
Yesterday's hearing on a hat trick of Nevada land bills was a success. 
 Photo via Reno Gazette-Journal.
NA
While the State of North Dakota and our local governments, with the assistance of FEMA, have invested in flood mitigation efforts, repetitive flooding in the Devils Lake, Red River of the North, and Souris River Basins have reduced financial reserves at the city, county and tribal government level. To ensure that we are able to meet the challenges of protecting our people and preventing a larger disaster, we ask for your prompt attention to this request.
I applaud Congress this week for putting aside politics to provide budget flexibility to the FAA in order to mitigate unnecessary pain from the President’s sequestration. The White House calling this common-sense solution a ‘band-aid’ for ignoring other suffering agencies is double talk. Let’s not forget President Obama issued a veto threat of my bill with Sen. Toomey months ago that would have granted wide-sweeping flexibility to sequestration cuts this year.   The FAA’s budget has more than doubled since 1996. Sequestration only reduces the FAA’s budget by 5 percent bringing it down to 2010 levels. This should not have equated to hundreds of flights canceled and hundreds more delayed. Congress’ bipartisan victory this week goes to show that we can address our fiscal crisis without budget gimmicks or more tax hikes on hardworking Americans.
Today I introduced the AMMO Act of 2013 with fellow Oklahoman Congressman Frank Lucas. Recent reports of the enormous stockpiles of ammo at the Department of Homeland Security goes to show we need more transparency and accountability of federal agencies' ammunition supply. Our bill will require just that while also protecting law-abiding citizens access to these resources. I hope you will take a moment to read more about our bill here:   http://freebeacon.com/gop-bill-seeks-to-cut-back-government-ammo-purchases/
President Assad’s use of chemical weapons against his own people clearly crosses the ‘red line’ established by President Obama.  This marks a significant turning point in what’s already been a tragic two years that has left over 70,000 dead and forced millions more to flee their homes.  Without American leadership, Iran and Russian will eagerly fill the vacuum. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-without-us-leadership-in-syria-iran-and-russia-will-eagerly-fill-vacuum
"Last night, the Senate passed legislation by unanimous consent that clarifies the FAA’s ability to responsibly implement sequester spending reductions.  This bill ensures that the FAA can adopt a 'Cut this, not that' approach to prioritize its spending at a time when all agencies can and should be finding areas of wasteful, non-essential spending to eliminate from their budgets."
This week, I greeted World War II Veterans and their guardians who were part of the Kansas Honor Flight. It is always a privilege to visit with these heroes at the National World War II Memorial, and I am grateful to all who made the Honor Flight possible. Here is a photo of me with Larnard Smith of Wichita.
Upon final passage in the House today of the Senate bill to end the Obama Administration's disproportionate FAA cuts, I visited with Gov. Mike Huckabee on his radio show about the good news for American travelers. Visit the link below to listen.
The House has joined the Senate to send a clear bipartisan message to the White House: use the flexibility you have to put safety first and solve this problem. This bill directs the FAA to find savings elsewhere in their budget rather than target air traffic controllers for furloughs and control towers for closure. Through smarter cuts, rather than tax hikes or smoke and mirrors, the bill provides $253 million in additional funding flexibility to the FAA – more than enough to protect both air traffic controllers and the 149 contract control towers slated for closure. This bipartisan solution is about safety – and is a victory for air travelers and communities nationwide. I am hopeful the President will sign this solution in to law today.
Something rare has happened in Washington; the Senate came together on a bipartisan basis to put common sense before politics. While I believe the White House already had the flexibility they needed to avoid this situation, the bill passed tonight unequivocally directs the FAA to solve this problem and find savings elsewhere in their budget rather than target air traffic controllers for furloughs. The bill’s language provides the FAA with more than enough funding flexibility to protect the 149 contract control towers slated for closure as well. This bipartisan solution is a victory for air travelers and communities nationwide, and I look forward to swift passage by the House.
As we speak, the Senate is working on a solution to the Administration's targeting of air traffic controllers for furloughs. Watch my interview with Larry Kudlow on CNBC below where I talk about the progress being made.
Spring is here (despite the snow falling in Juneau) and I know so many Alaskans are already thinking about this year’s salmon runs.  As we wait to see what the rivers bring, I am still working to help those impacted by last year’s salmon drought by building bipartisan momentum with my DC colleagues:
A sure sign summer is coming.  Shops in Ketchikan are getting ready for the first cruise ship docking tomorrow, and of course, and all the passengers it’ll bring.  An exciting time for Alaska’s First City!
The Air Force needs training and aircraft maintenance more than they need to fly over baseball games.  The FAA and all gov't agencies should have the flexibility to prioritize their spending to make the smartest cuts under sequestration.  I voted for that idea in February and I co-sponsored the bipartisan Reducing Flight Delays Act yesterday to stop the needless furloughs that have been impacting our skies, and it passed unanimously!
The Marketplace Fairness Act is not fair at all.  As a matter of fact, this Internet tax bill could infringe on states' rights -- for those of us who have decided to not operate with a sales tax.  In case you missed it, I shared my criticism of the bill on the Senate floor a little while ago.  And shared concerns from Eagle River, Fairbanks and Anchorage. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RmMeb7NeqE
Last night, I appeared on Fox's Hannity show to discuss drones, national security and immigration.    Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgAMjHUW1kU
"As our thoughts and prayers continue to go out to the victims affected by the Boston Marathon bombing, we should also note that this tragedy has yet again exposed long-standing weaknesses in our national security. Congress should now take the opportunity to finally address these problems."  Read my Washington Times op-ed in its entirety here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/apr/26/recurring-tragedy-from-a-broken-immigration-system/#ixzz2RZqKBXYn
As a lifelong fan, I am so sorry to hear of the passing of George Jones today.  My favorite songs have always been He Stopped Loving Her Today, The Closing of the Door, and Yabba Dabba Doo the King Is Gone.  What were your favorite George Jones tunes?
Read more about our draft bill to clarify oversight of the compounding pharmacy industry. The link is to our joint press release which includes a one pager on the draft.
Good news for flyers, Last night the Senate passed a bill to end the flight delays caused by the Obama Administration's decision to furlough air traffic controllers instead of non-essential staff. http://cjonline.com/news/2013-04-26/congress-passes-bill-end-faa-furloughs
I was pleased to help roll out a draft of a bill to protect patients from problems with the regulation of compounding pharmacists following the meningitis outbreak and the Robert Courtney case in the Kansas City area. It represents a thorough and bipartisan effort to clear up any question about who is accountable for ensuring compounded drugs are safe for the patients who receive them.
Rubio Answers Constituents' Questions On Immigration, Boston Attack & Internet Sales Tax: http://1.usa.gov/17n970p VIDEO: http://bit.ly/11KoJI0
Rubio Discusses Immigration On The Senate Floor: http://1.usa.gov/10DZhs4 VIDEO: http://bit.ly/Zo89zl  Rubio: “Our job here is not just to criticize, but to make better. And what we have now just doesn’t work.”
NA
Sen. Sessions will be LIVE on the Matt Murphy Show at 8:30 AM CT. You can listen live here:
My state director, Lt. Col. Bob DeSousa, salutes 91-year-old WWII vet Walter Czerviski, after his medaling ceremony at Willow Grove’s VFW post this morning. 70 years over-due, on behalf of a grateful nation, we say thank you.
My state director, Lt. Col. Bob DeSousa, awards 91-year-old World War II vet Walter Czerviski his long-overdue medals at Willow Grove's VFW Post 3612 today in Montgomery County. As a young sailor, Mr. Czerviski served in both the Atlantic and Pacific theaters of the war, but never received his medals when he was discharged from the service.
Great news: Senate approves my bipartisan bill with Senator Susan Collins and Senator Mark Udall to cut spending without furloughing air traffic controllers.
I'll be on with WILK's Sue Henry at 9:30 to share the good news: the Senate has adopted my bipartisan plan to fix flight delays. Hope you can listen in:
