Senator Alexander joined Senator Hatch and faith leaders yesterday to speak out against the Udall/Murray bill to reverse the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.  “Religious freedom is an essential part of the American character and the first part of the American Constitution. Every American should be concerned when any American’s religious freedom is trampled upon, which is what this legislation would do today. The Supreme Court very carefully said, that you should not trample on religious freedom in America unless there is a compelling reason to do it, and if you have to do it, it has to be as light as possible. The Hobby Lobby decision carefully upheld that… Any time any American’s freedom is trampled upon, every American should be deeply concerned.”
Yesterday, Senator Alexander spoke on the Senate Democrats’ bill that would reverse the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and “carve a giant hole out of America’s religious freedom.”   Alexander said the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby ruling “ought to have been a victory for everyone, if it is true in our country that when any American’s religious freedom is upheld, all of us benefit. …The Supreme Court decision was about individual freedoms. It was not about contraceptive rights. What is really happening is that they are trying to change the subject. They want to talk about health care, but they don’t want to talk about Obamacare and what it is doing to the women of this country.”    Read more here: http://tiny.cc/od74ix    Watch Alexander’s floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djM2ULwxkB0&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ 
NA
I spoke on the floor yesterday to correct the facts surrounding the Supreme Court’s #HobbyLobby ruling. Even the Washington Post's Fact Checker has noted that Senate Democrats' claims about this case are "simply wrong."
Australia’s government repealed a 2-year-old carbon tax today, which Prime Minister Tony Abbott called “a useless, destructive tax which damaged jobs, which hurt families’ cost of living and which didn’t actually help the environment.” He's right, and that's why I'm fighting to stop a carbon tax here in America. 
I spoke with Bill LuMaye earlier this week on the immigration crisis-- addressing why there is an influx of children and the most compassionate way to handle the crisis. 
This bill is vital to our national security. It ensures our servicemen and women have everything they need to complete their missions safely and successfully. I am pleased that the committee backed our provisions to modernize the fleet used by the Arkansas National Guard Wing, protect the 39th Infantry Brigade Combat Team from unwarranted cuts and prevent DoD from hastily shutting down ROTC programs that put young Arkansans on the path to becoming great Army officers. Additionally, this will help protect rural Arkansans from overbearing, foolish EPA regulations that seek to halt DoD transfers of excess equipment to rural fire departments. In many cases, this is the only way rural fire departments can afford the equipment necessary to keep communities safe. There is no justification for discontinuing the program.
Today I met with the Preident and Vice President of the Indianapolis Fraternal Order of Police to discuss solutions to the wave of violence in Indy
NA
VIDEO: With fire season already well under way,  I appeared before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee to discuss my legislation, S. 1875, the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, which seeks to end the costly and destructive cycle of underfunding forest management efforts vital to preventing future fires and minimizing overall suppression costs.    Idaho is already feeling the impacts of fire season, with thousands of acres burning across central Idaho and residents facing evacuation notices. We must take steps now that will put us on improved footing to face current and future fires. Firefighters, land managers and forest communities deserve assurance that steps will be taken to continually improve the federal response to wildfires. #idpol   
A new U.S. Congressional Budget Office analysis of the government’s long-term fiscal outlook shows deficits are projected to rise steadily and, by 2039, push federal debt held by the public up to a percentage of GDP seen only once before in U.S. history—just after World War II.    Washington can no longer afford to ignore what has been called the greatest threat to our national security for years—our staggering national debt.  Now at an overwhelming $17 trillion, this level of debt is irresponsible, unacceptable and, quite frankly, dangerous.  If we are ever to gain control of our nation’s spending excesses and out-of-control spiral toward insolvency, we must begin work to enact comprehensive fiscal reforms that grow our economy by reducing spending, reforming our tax code, stabilizing entitlement programs and strengthening spending controls. #idpol   
To stop the crisis at the border, we must #StopObamasAmnesty, and I just filed legislation to do it.
It saddens me that there are not 100 senators standing together protecting the religious liberty rights of everyone: http://1.usa.gov/1oYHWCy
The Environmental Protection Agency needs to publicly disclose the secret science behind its costly regulations. I joined with Senators John Barrasso, David Vitter and others in introducing legislation that would block the EPA from using undisclosed science to justify new rules. If the EPA can’t publicly justify a rule then the public just shouldn’t have to suffer under it.
Wyoming veterinarians will soon be able to provide better care to livestock thanks to legislation the Senate passed overwhelmingly this week. Allowing vets to carry and dispense the medicine their patients need into the field will have an immediate impact in rural and remote areas where transporting livestock to the nearest town just isn’t practical or possible.
While President Barack Obama should be doing more to halt the flow of unaccompanied minors crossing the border, Congress also needs to step up. The McCain-Flake CREST Act would both stem the present tide and prevent future waves of children from making the dangerous journey north.
I am pleased to have the support of my colleagues in taking this modest step toward developing a functioning private market for terrorism risk insurance and reducing dependency on the federal government.
Live near Sahuarita and are having problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at the Sahuarita Town Hall TODAY from 1 p.m. - 2 p.m.
Nevada veterans deserve better than what they are getting. #EndTheVABacklog http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=875En6ji-J4&list=UUTS6f940sIirkO6ICyx4ksw
“The Defense Appropriations bill passed by the committee today strengthens our national security and supports defense priorities important to our state. The men and women serving our country at North Dakota’s bases do a tremendous job, and we’re working to support their missions.”
Kelcee Schadler of Bismarck has been doing a tremendous job representing North Dakota in the United States Senate Page Program.
“The agreement BNSF and RRVW have reached to provide train service to James Valley Grain is an important step in our ongoing efforts to improve rail service in North Dakota, especially for our state’s farmers who rely heavily on trains. New service to the proposed facility in Verona will improve the reliability of rail transportation in our state, ensuring that our producers are able to receive the supplies they need and ship the items they grow.”
My heart goes out to the families and friends of the passengers and crew on Malaysian Airlines flight 17 that went down in Ukraine. We still do not know the cause of this tragedy, but it has been widely reported that the plane was shot down. Like everyone else, I await further news.  My thoughts and prayers are with those affected. -rj
Senator Johnson was happy to speak to high school students with the Junior State of America yesterday.
Each year more than 24 billion gallons of sewage are dumped into the Great Lakes, threatening the drinking water for 30 million Americans. The Great Lakes are America's most precious natural resource, and as the Senator from Illinois I am committed to ensuring the Lakes are not polluted with sewage.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1p04ItP
To protect nearly 6 million #Illinois workers, commercial properties & U.S. economy, Congress should swiftly reauthorize TRIA.
The Davis-Bacon Act exemplifies how big government hurts the people it purports to help, gives unfair advantages to favored special interests, and squeezes the middle class. It crowds out low-skilled workers in the construction industry, preventing them from getting a fair shot at a job, and funnels taxpayer money to prop up big labor unions, which accrue windfall profits as Davis-Bacon removes the incentive for federal contractors to hire unskilled, non-unionized workers. I plan to offer this bill as an amendment to legislation that addresses the funding of our nation's highway and transportation systems.
This is the group of interns that has been working for my office in DC this summer. They have been a valuable resource to my office, and I hope they have enjoyed their experience.  If you, or someone you know, might be interested in an internship with my office, you can find more information on how to apply on my website: lee.senate.gov
This week, Congress passed commonsense legislation and sent the Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act — legislation I introduced with Senator Angus King of Maine — to the White House for President Obama’s signature. The bill would allow veterinarians to carry and dispense controlled substances to protect the health and welfare of the nation’s animals, ensure public safety, and safeguard the nation’s food supply. It makes certain licensed practitioners are equipped with the tools they need. It is particularly important for veterinarians who work in rural areas, conduct research or respond to emergency situations.
Such tragic news about the Malaysian Airlines flight that crashed in eastern Ukraine---praying for the family and friends of those on board the plane.
The numbers are in from the non-partisan National Taxpayer Union Foundation: in 2013, my proposals in the Senate would cut federal spending by $205 billion. 
It was great to meet with the Kansas Corn Growers Association today. We discussed EPA's #WOTUS regulations #Ditchtherule. We are all thankful for some much needed rain and a great looking fall crop.
Rubio Urges President To Send Clear Message: We Are On Israel’s Side: http://1.usa.gov/UdNcXC  “[W]hat they need from this country is a president and a U.S. government that aligns itself squarely on their side. No double-talk, no fancy diplomatic language that you can read between the lines on. A very clear statement.  In this conflict, we are on Israel’s side, and we will support them with anything they need to ensure their stability and their survival.”
ICYMI: Rubio in Power Line: Russia-Cuba Cooperation A Sign Of Growing Threats In Latin America: http://bit.ly/1oJvzaC  Following the news in recent months has sometimes felt as if we’ve opened a time capsule from the Cold War – when Soviet Union aggression was the norm along with its determination to prop up U.S. adversaries in the Western Hemisphere, most notably the Castro regime in Cuba. Today, Russia under Vladimir Putin has challenged the international order through its unlawful annexation of Crimea and continued provocations against Ukraine. In our own hemisphere, there is growing evidence of Russia’s interest in reconstituting their Cold War-era presence in the region. Just this week, in the wake of Putin’s visit to Havana, reports emerged about Russia’s renewed push to improve intelligence operations in Cuba.  ...
ICYMI: Rubio discussed the border crisis with Bill O'Reilly on last night's "The O'Reilly Factor"
Good game Scrantonicity! #KeystoneCup2014
My office squared off against Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr.'s team in softball on the national mall last night! #KeystoneCup2014  #bipartisan
I joined the Paul Gallo Show this morning to discuss my human trafficking bill, border security, and executive overreach.  Click the link below to listen.
The growing crisis on our southern border warrants immediate action. This problem requires real reform, not a $3.7 billion blank check for the Obama Administration. The President’s mishandling of this problem – which he has seen coming for months – is well documented. It is incumbent upon Congress to find a solution.
