Texas is a perfect fit for you, Sean Hannity!
Robba and I had a great evening in Lawrence: KU 85-Texas 54. Good friends; exciting game.
I'm deeply saddened at the news of Robert "Joker" Lupo's passing yesterday and join thousands of Alaskans in mourning his memory.  I appreciated him, his bandana and his energy.  He was a kind and loving man, always offering a big bear hug and a smile to go with it.  He loved our country and was proud to say so.  In his honor, here is a poem he wrote  EMOTIONS  By SSG Robert J. Lupo, Sr., USA - Retired   During war and peace, in the Air, Land, and Sea, Our veterans paid to keep America free.  I honor those who came home alive. I mourn for those who served and died.  When I attend their graves and all is still, My heart swells, and my tear ducts fill.  My voice trembles, when I try to speak, It's hard to form the words I seek.  I will stand in the rain, and weep, with no shame, To pay homage to them, those women and men;  They answered the call: “Freedom for all!” And, the price of freedom? It’s written on the wall.  'Tis a righteous thing to bow one's head, In tribute to our veteran dead.  And forget not the wounded, who will never heal, Who left their eyes, and limbs, on the battlefield.  When someone yelled, “MEDIC,” in the middle of hell, A corpsman came running, through bullets and shells.  He controlled the bleeding. He eased the pain, Then ran to help another… sometimes in vain.  But not all wounds are visable, like P.T.S.S., That's why some, who return, are very depressed.  Awakening in anguish, from nightmares of war, Sweating and shaking, they cry out - "No more!"  As they lie there in agony, with their souls laid bare, Take hold of them gently. Show them you care.  Remember also the veterans, who served in the rear, Assigned to locations, both far and near.  Because food and munitions, and mechanics, and technicians, Are all vital to support the success of war missions.  Our POW’s and MIA’s shall not be forgotten. Hear what I say!  We will continue the search; we will not end our toil, Until they’re all back on American soil.  Keep them always, in your heart and prayers; They deserve no less, the glory is theirs.  So be not afraid to show your love, For those who live, and those called above.  Retain them in your memory, There, they will live eternally.  And whence comes our time, both yours and mine, Let us hope that those we leave behind,  Will brave the way, with the same devotion, To salute our veterans, through heartfelt emotions.
My Bering Sea crab fisherman is home! Happy my son Nic is back on dry land.
Let's go Shockers!  #WATCHUS
Don't miss my op-ed today on opportunity and the American Dream!  http://cnn.it/No3ASh
