ICYMI: Check out Sen. Alexander’s op-ed in today’s Huffington Post with Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell, Sens. Rand Paul, Mike Lee and Tim Scott: “School Choice: Part of the Solution to Our Broken Education System.”  The senators write: “We have a system in which politicians and bureaucrats have too much control, parents have too little, and students' needs get lost in the shuffle. Big Government, even at its best, is inherently inefficient, and too easily distracted from core missions by special interests…Choice breeds competition -- which is the best way to improve schools.” http://1.usa.gov/1609YCM
Senators Alexander and Paul met with Tennessee Education Commissioner Kevin Huffman at a Kipp Academy charter school in Nashville today. They spoke with teachers, parents, and students about federal legislation to make it easier for states and communities to create charter schools. Alexander said, “Charter schools liberate teachers to use their own good judgment to help children and give parents more choices of good schools.”  The senators have introduced federal legislation to “fix No Child Left Behind by restoring to states and communities control over whether teachers and schools are succeeding or failing.”
Senator Ayotte presented Navy veteran Joseph Norkiewicz of Pelham with the Armed Services Expeditionary Forces Medal for his service in Operation Blue Bat in Lebanon. Left - right: Lt. Col. Roy Hunter, Eleanor Martell, Joe Norkiewicz, Senator Ayotte, and Chief Petty Officer Jon Worrall, USN, Ret.
The federal government works for the people it represents, not the other way around. Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins and I wrote a joint op-ed in the Joplin Globe explaining our efforts to stop government abuse by empowering Americans.
Lance Cpl. Benjamin Tuttle is a true American hero who made the ultimate sacrifice. Please keep his family and friends in your thoughts and prayers.
I've voted to eliminate the employer mandate and the individual health insurance mandate of the President’s health care law in two Senate Appropriations bills.
Last week, I served as the ranking member at an Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Toxics and Environmental Health hearing where we examined the Environmental Protection Agency’s Brownfields Program.  EPA initiated the Brownfields Program in 1993 to assist communities with the cleanup of low risk sites that were not considered hazardous, but in which cleanup was nonetheless needed in order to encourage economic redevelopment.  Click below to watch my opening statement and to learn about the successes of the Brownfields program in Idaho.
Weekly Op-Ed: Progress has been made in raising awareness about domestic violence, furthering prevention and increasing access to resources for victims.  However, room for progress remains.  New data from a NOMORE.org, sponsored by the Avon Foundation for Women, indicates that important conversations about domestic violence and sexual assault are still not happening.  Three out of four men in the U.S. say they have not talked about domestic violence or sexual assault with their children.  Talking with our children about the issues they face can be helpful on their road to becoming productive adults.  We can help show them what healthy relationships look like through our examples of kindness and respect to others.  These conversations are not easy.  However, we have valuable roles in our children’s lives.  We cannot forfeit the opportunity to help set them on a good course.
Senator Collins was featured on the TODAY Show in a segment about the inspiring Smiley family from Bangor.
PHOTO: Great meeting with Texas students from the American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation & American Legion Boys Nation:
"Ending sequestration would produce short-term benefits to the economy, but CBO notes it could hurt us in the long run. "If the spending reductions under current law were reversed, that policy would lead to greater federal debt, which would eventually reduce the nation's output and income below what would occur under current law," CBO writes. "Moreover, boosting debt above the amounts projected under current law would diminish policymakers' ability to use tax and spending policies to respond to unexpected future challenges and would increase the risk of a fiscal crisis (in which the government would lose the ability to borrow money at affordable interest rates.)"
Love being at airport at 5:19 am. NOT.
Senator Corker made the following statement on the passing of Tennessee State Representative Lois DeBerry. “Lois DeBerry will be remembered as a tireless advocate for her community, and as one of the longest-serving women lawmakers in the nation and the first African-American female speaker pro tempore in the House, Lois’ legacy will be remembered in Memphis and across our state for generations to come,” said Corker. “I appreciate her many years of public service and her friendship and kindness. My heart goes out to her family during this difficult time.”
This is our best chance to stop Obamacare before it may be too late.  Listen and SHARE!
If we stand together, we can win this fight to defund Obamacare. If we surrender, we won't.  Will you stand with us?
It was a great weekend in Cheyenne at the rodeo. I was pleased to be able to celebrate National Day of the American Cowboy with Susan Thomas. U.S. Senator Craig Thomas started the tradition of designating the fourth Saturday in July National Day of the American Cowboy nine years ago. I am pleased to continue it. Cheyenne Frontier Days General Chairman Darin Westby and announcer Justin McKee were also on hand. Thanks to Steve Girt for the photo.
I’m looking forward to heading back home for the August state work period! I will be traveling across the state to speak with Nebraskans about important policy issues. You can find my schedule of public events on my website.
Mourn passing of former Congresswoman Mrs Boggs of Louisiana  I served w her in House  Always friendly and open to others views
Mourn passing of Bud Day most decorated war hero of WWII Korea  Vietnam   One of longest POW of Nam war.
NA
Mikey and I had a great time at the North Dakota State Fair this weekend. Congratulations to Stan Hausauer from Dickinson, the lucky winner of the pickup from the North Dakota Cowboy Hall of Fame fundraiser.
Technological advances have led to the U.S. energy boom on state and private lands. Oil production in Oklahoma has increased 51% since 2010 in spite of, not because of the federal government. - http://fxn.ws/19t10TW
Two #Illinois children are now safe thanks to the #FBI's sex trafficking raids: http://www.suntimes.com/news/nation/21603127-418/fbi-raids-rescue-105-kids-forced-into-prostitution.html
We always knew Obamacare was going to be unaffordable.  Now we know it's going to be unfair.  When the president decided not to enforce the employer mandate, he was admitting that the law is not ready to implement.  But instead of protecting all Americans from this train wreck, he's choosing to protect only big business, while unfairly forcing everyone else into Obamacare's unstable and unsound system.  If the president is not ready to implement the law, the American people shouldn't fund it.
Senators Paul and McConnell joined together for an op-ed on School Choice. Click below to read it:
On September 14, Operation Roll Out 2013 — a motorcycle rally fundraiser — will take place in Topeka to benefit disabled combat veterans. Proceeds from this year’s event, spearheaded by GallantFew, Inc., will benefit SFC Phillip Kitts who is working to start his own photography business. Thank you to SFC Kitts and all veterans for your service and sacrifice for our nation.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense, my enewsletter: the student loan interest rate bill's passage in the Senate, the three-year anniversary of Dodd-Frank, honoring the life of Lieutenant General Richard Seitz, the Wilson After Harvest Czech Festival, and much more.
My photo honoring Senator Bob Dole for his 90th birthday made TIME's "This Week's Best Politico Instagram Photos." To see more photos, follow me on Instagram here: http://instagram.com/senjerrymoran.
This FBI raid uncovers more proof of trafficking happening in our own backyards all across America. While we focus on getting these 105 young victims the treatment and care they need to be able to begin to recover from this horrible trauma, we must all do more to put an end to sex trafficking. We can no longer close our eyes to this type of abuse and exploitation. I am committed to doing everything in my power to pass legislation like the Child Sex Trafficking Data and Response Act to help ensure that sex trafficking of children is a thing of the past.
The FBI answered the questions I had on domestic surveillance drone use, though I disagree with their interpretation. http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=905
Every decision made by bureaucrats in Washington is a decision taken from the people who actually educate -- principals, teachers, and especially parents. And as usual, those most vulnerable to the unintended consequences of bad education policy are those most vulnerable, period -- the poor, the disconnected, and most of all, their children.  Click here to read my op-ed in its entirety: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-rand-paul/school-choice_b_3660408.html?utm_hp_ref=politics
Senator Rubio: Shut Down ObamaCare, Not Government
Sessions visits with Boy Scout Troop 400 of Huntsville.
NA
July 27, 2013
July 26, 2013
School choice is an important part of the solution for providing many of our kids the opportunity for a better future.  My column with Senators Paul, Lee, Alexander and McConnell: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-rand-paul/school-choice_b_3660408.html?utm_hp_ref=tw
Great conversation at a town hall meeting with employees at AmerisourceBergen today in Chesterbrook.
Congrats to Donovan McNabb, retiring today as a teammate of the Philadelphia Eagles. Thanks for giving the City of Brotherly Love 11 memorable seasons.
In case you missed it, here's my talk with Dom Giordano this morning on tax reform. Thanks for having me on, Dom.
ICYMI: Great op-ed in The Morning Call from B. Braun Medical's Caroll Neubauer on the harmful medical device tax. I'm working with Sen. Bob Casey, Jr. to repeal it.
Welcome to Philly, Sen. Max Baucus and Rep. Dave Camp. Tax code reform should simplify so as not to punish hard work and savings:
Kris and I send our prayers to the family of former Governor Bill Scranton. From the time he left Yale Law School to enlist in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II, to his service as Ambassador to the United Nations, his was a life dedicated to the service of our great commonwealth and our country.
Heartwarming: Northeast Philly's Trish Gohl has been recognized by the Defense Department for her compassionate work reuniting returned vets with the stray dogs they befriended in war-zones.
RIP to a true American Hero. If you have not been, please visit the Medal of Honor Grove in Valley Forge, PA which is a beautiful sanctuary for those like Bud who have received our military’s highest honor.
WICKER REPORT | Mississippi is taking a leading role in promoting avenues for service members to find meaningful and well-paid work.  Gov. Phil Bryant declared 2013 as the year to “Hire Mississippi Heroes,” and job fairs across the state are connecting veterans and their spouses to employment opportunities.  I am encouraged by the dozens of local employers who have participated in these events and made a pledge to hire veterans.  They recognize the valuable training and skills that the men and women who have worn America’s uniform bring to the workplace.  Read more by clicking the link below.
