The Obama Administration's HHS mandate is an egregious and blatant violation of the religious freedom that Americans have enjoyed for more than 220 years since the ratification of the First Amendment. No American should be forced to surrender their religious freedom or abandon their deeply held religious beliefs. I applaud Justice Sotomayor's move to block this onerous government overreach, which violates Americans’ constitutional rights.
Happy New Year! I wish all of you a safe, happy and blessed 2014!
Obamacare, signed into law on March 23, 2010, goes into full effect today
Good ruling for religious liberty to start off 2014.
Husker Power. Congrats Cornhuskers on a tremendous Gator Bowl win! GBR!
Bruce and I wish all Nebraskans, especially those serving our country overseas, a happy and healthy New Year! I look forward to a year of renewed prosperity and possibility.
Actively engaged loophole sends $52M to Mississippi Senate&house farm bills end loophole, but some still want to allow
If "progressivism " is so relative today why are we still debating obamacare after 4Yrs?
Q for conservatives in 2014 " How can we make LIBERTY real to people?"
Lifting cost-saving subsidy caps&reopening actively engaged loophole likely loses needed votes for passing farm bill
Minority of Congress who voted against payment limits/actively engaged reform want to take out of farm bill Just say no.
Enjoyd bfast at 7am w MikeFinley  author of"FINANCIAL HAPPINE$$" at VillageInn CedrFalls  Read to find out  ur personal $$ well being
Happy New Year! Wishing Nevadans and all Americans the best in 2014.
It has been an honor to represent you in the Senate this year.  Happy #NewYear to all.
Happy new year! I wish you and your family a healthy and happy 2014!
Happy New Year's Eve, Alaska! Hope everyone stays safe and are making plans for a great 2014.  Do you have any traditions or resolutions you're going into 2014 with?
Congratulations to University of Alaska Fairbanks for being selected as an unmanned aerial vehicle test site! Not only is it more great news for the Interior, it's also further proof that the federal government is investing in Alaska's people and our unique research capabilities.
Happy new year! May 2014 be a great year for you and your family, and for our great country.
Enjoyed ringing in the New Year in Greenville last night!
Happy New Year! Let's work together to make 2014 a year of growth, prosperity and unleashing opportunity for all Americans.
