Senator Alexander made the following statement today after the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) released its final rule authorizing “ambush elections.” The rule shortens the length of time in which a labor union certification is held to as little as 10 days:  “The NLRB was established to be an impartial umpire in labor disputes, but has grown into an advocate for whichever party has the White House, a trend that has worsened under this president. The board’s ‘ambush election’ rule will sacrifice every employer’s right to free speech and every worker’s right to privacy for the sake of boosting organized labor, and I believe a new majority in the Senate will vote to disapprove this rule.”  Read the full statement from Sen. Alexander and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=1ac08f54-1170-4237-abba-82a0b8ea59f7
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, check out my recent newsletter on some of the important issues I’ve been working on in Tennessee and Washington this year, including creating jobs in Tennessee, fighting and preventing the spread of Ebola, reforming student aid, and securing our border. As the year comes to an end, I am preparing to fix our broken system in Washington and move our country in a new direction as part of a new Republican majority in the U.S. Senate.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsletterarchive?ID=0af49775-f586-4275-8d25-c9ce0c82e9a4  To sign up for Alexander’s newsletter, click here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsletter
The Senate just passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which now heads to the president’s desk. This bill included several key Missouri defense priorities, as well as mental health policies that I’ve championed to help our servicemen and women and their families. These brave heroes make tremendous sacrifices every day to protect our freedoms. The passage of this bill is important to ensure they have the resources they need and the care they deserve. #NDAA
Yesterday, Senator Casey and I joined our colleagues Rep. McMorris Rodgers, Rep. Sessions, and Rep. Crenshaw at the press conference urging the Senate to vote on the ABLE Act. #passtheABLEact
Senate paves way for soldiers attacked in Little Rock to receive Purple Heart. Next step - work with the Army to get the honor they deserve.
Congratulations to Manila veteran Jerry McCain who my office presented veterans service medals to, including the Purple Heart, for his service in Vietnam.
Tune to KARN News Radio as I'll be on shortly to talk about business the Senate needs to wrap up before the 113th Congress adjourns.
Senator Collins will serve as Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, and on the Senate Appropriations, Intelligence, and the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee in the upcoming Congress.
NA
Senate Approves Cornyn Measure Making 2009 Fort Hood Victims Eligible for Purple Hearts:
On the 376th anniversary of the National Guard yesterday, Major Generals Max Haston and Gus Hargett presented Senator Corker with a replica of a C-17 aircraft, which is flown in Memphis.
The 2015 National Defense Authorization Act includes a number of problematic provisions, including an extension through 2016 of the program to arm Syrian rebels and an extreme land grab that restricts more than a half-million new acres of property from productive use. This is yet another example of Majority Leader Reid’s legacy of obstruction by not allowing any amendments to be called on this bill.   Although this legislation contains a number of individual provisions I support, it is fundamentally flawed in that it neither protects our most basic rights as American citizens, nor safeguards the vital national security interests of the United States. Congress should reject this attempt to exploit our Armed Forces by self-serving politicians. The NDAA should serve to strengthen our national security and it is imperative that Congress respects and upholds this vital function. The men and women of our military deserve no less.
NA
Sad to hear of the passing of former Phoenix Mayor John Driggs.  The Valley is a better place to live because of his service.
The Death in Custody Reporting Act cleared the Senate this week and is now heading for the President’s desk.  Senator Grassley’s support of the bill was strengthened when earlier this year Iowan Brandon Ellingson tragically died in police custody.  Read more about the bill here:
NA
Today Congress stood in strong bipartisan support for our nation’s over 2.1 million men and women in uniform by passing the National Defense Authorization Act for the 53rd consecutive year. It was a great honor working on this legislation as the Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee with my good friend, Sen. Carl Levin. I look forward to continuing to serve on the committee in the new Congress and fighting to overturn the draconian defense cuts put in motion by the president’s sequestration. Please read more here how this legislation will support our troops and also benefit Oklahoma: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-passage-of-national-defense-authorization-act-for-53rd-consecutive-year
Sen. Tom Coburn's farewell speech this week was one of the most touching and sincere I have heard. Despite our differences, albeit minor, Tom Coburn and I are brothers. We’ll sorely miss him in this body. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwe5jS6Oy_w&list=TLACf8mLeMef8
Washington Post via @TheFix: Mitch McConnell had the Best Year in Washington.
I joined Senator Tester of Montana this week to introduce bipartisan legislation to make certain wounded veterans who work for the federal government can get the medical care they need. The Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act would provide first-year federal workers who have service-related disabilities with 104 hours of sick leave to use for medical visits. Veterans who have served our nation with duty and honor deserve peace of mind when transitioning into the federal workforce and civilian life.
Yesterday in my Capitol Hill office, I met with National Guard Bureau Chief General Frank Grass. I raised questions about the deployment of the Iola-based 891st Engineer Battalion, and Gen. Grass indicated that the deployment had been canceled as a result of the decline in Ebola cases in West Africa. It is a pretty nice Christmas gift for the families of the 891st Engineer Battalion to know that their loved ones will no longer be deployed in March. Guardsmen live by the motto 'Always Ready, Always There,' and Kansans stand ready for their next call of service.
The Senate just passed the NDAA lands bill and sent it to the President to become law - it's a good early Christmas present for the economy of the entire Panhandle in Alaska.
This is pretty neat—Alaskans in and around Anchorage have the unique opportunity to get a behind-the-scenes lesson about our state’s newest research vessel!
Alaskans, logistics can be a big deal when spreading Christmas cheer!  I want to remind you, if you want your gifts to get to your friends and family in the lower 48 in time for Christmas, some of those deadlines are going to be here sooner than you think!
A government study I requested came out today focused on how the Justice Dept is addressing the issue of prosecutorial misconduct that, unfortunately, Alaskans are all too familiar with.  Their findings: that DoJ hasn't begun taking action on their internal plan, isn't overseeing disciplinary actions and continues to assign cases to investigators facing accusations already.  This is unacceptable and I will keep working to make sure there is robust justice within the Department of Justice.
NA
Check out the latest Roberts Report about my work in your behalf. Sign up for the Roberts Report on my website at roberts.senate.gov.
Last night, Senator Rubio spoke on the Senate floor to discuss the future of U.S. foreign policy:
ICYMI: Rubio: Congress Must Enable The President To Stop The Islamic State
NA
Sen. Sessions released the following statement tonight:  “For the sake of the Constitution and our constituents, Congress should fund the government but not fund the President’s unlawful amnesty.  In plain violation of law, the President’s order gives amnesty and work permits to 5 million illegal immigrants – allowing them to take jobs directly from struggling Americans.  Unfortunately, not only has Congress so far not attempted any effective action to block the President’s amnesty, but the legislation that passed tonight funds through September of next year many policies that the House itself rejected only a few months ago.  In effect, the omnibus provides the Administration with billions of dollars to carry out President Obama’s resettlement plan for illegal immigrants in U.S. communities.  The legislation also continues to allow the recipients of the President’s amnesty to receive billions of dollars in government checks in the form of tax credits and to participate in programs through myriad government agencies such as Social Security and Medicare.  The American people are justly worried about their jobs, their schools, and their communities.  They have rightly demanded a lawful system of immigration that serves their interests – not the special interests.  They have correctly pleaded with their lawmakers to finally adopt immigration policies that put their needs – the needs of American citizens – first.  So, to them I say: we are only just beginning.  We are going to fight harder than we ever have before.   Those who think that this issue will recede, or fade away, are mistaken.  The voice of the American people will be heard.”
The NLRB approved a new rule today that is perhaps the most pro-union action taken by the current administration, which is quite a feat in itself. Ambush elections hurt the ability of employees to make a well-informed choice on joining a union, as it gives limited time to hear both sides of the debate. The rule also requires an unprecedented amount of an employee’s personal information to be given to union representatives, such as personal cell phones and email addresses.  Full statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-nlrb-ambush-elections-rule
So proud of and full of admiration for my brother, Command Sergeant Major Ben Scott Jr., for his 32 years of service. Amazing experience to be there for his retirement ceremony. Thank you Ben for your service, and also to all those who have served alongside you in defense of our nation.
I am pleased that Congress is finally sending a defense authorization bill to the President’s desk. Passage of this legislation marks the culmination of a year’s worth of hard work to ensure our troops and military leaders have the tools they need to carry out their missions. To learn how this bill benefits Mississippi, click on the link below.
My deepest sympathies are with my friend Thad and his family. Gayle and I have known Rose since 1972. The Wicker, Cochran, and Clayton families have been friends for generations. We pray that God will continue to comfort the family during this difficult time.
Congress is expected to send to the president this week a defense policy bill that includes a provision that aims to reduce the number of suicides by members of the military. I am the lead cosponsor of this measure. Learn more by clicking the link below.
