NA
Read Saturday's Foster's Daily Democrat editorial on Senator Ayotte's bill, the Victims Protection Act, which is aimed at preventing and better prosecuting sexual assaults in the military:
The sun is out in Indy today and we are less than two weeks from opening day. Let's hope spring is here!
Thrilled to take part in announcing a new statewide transportation service for veterans and their families. #idpol
This is the right way to approach firearm safety. Glad to join with the Project ChildSafe effort and the National Shooting Sports Foundation to tell Idahoans about how they can obtain free gun locks and other safety information. We met at Sportsman's Warehouse in Meridian.
We had a great discussion at the BLM NIFC with state and federal officials about reforming wildfire funding and preparing for another fire season.
Senator Collins spoke at the 175th Anniversary celebration of the incorporation of Aroostook County this past weekend:  “Through the years, Aroostook County has gone by many names -- the Crown of Maine, the Garden County, the Last Frontier of the East, and, of course, The County, with an emphasis on ‘The.’  A more recent addition is the motto of the University of Maine at Presque Isle.  ‘North of Ordinary’ is the perfect way to describe a place that is truly extraordinary.” 
Nancy Roe, Anna McGrath, and Bradley Wilson with Sen. Collins at the 175th anniversary of Aroostook County.  Inside the potato barrel time capsule they found: newspaper clippings, photographs, a videotape of the 1989 150th anniversary celebration, and a VCR!  The capsule is now sealed again to be opened on March 16, 2039!
Learning about the workforce training programs at Lamar Institute of Technology in Beaumont that are preparing students for quality careers in the petrochemical industry.
Texans Support Ukraine. Show your support here https://www.facebook.com/ppvsp 
Cornyn: Sunshine Week Highlights the Need For Texas Transparency in Washington:
Sen. Cornyn Pays Tribute To Medal Of Honor Recipients: 
AAS: Cornyn: Time to Stop Patent Abuse:
Putin’s aggressiveness against Ukraine is a direct product of the lack of leadership of the United States over the last five years.
Today we honor the service of 24 recipients of the Medal of Honor. We can never thank each of you enough for showing extraordinary bravery in going above and beyond the call of duty.
And now this from "the most transparent administration in history."
Maduro's Castro-inspired crackdown on brave Venezuelan protestors continues — where is the United States? #SOSVenezuela
"Texas once again is leading the nation in job growth ... and economists say trends for the rest of the year look promising." #MakeDCListen
It was a pleasure to have one of Wyoming’s excellent writers, Craig Johnson, stop by my office in D.C. on March 4 for the One Book Wyoming reception. Johnson’s book, “The Spirit of Steamboat”, was selected by the Wyoming State Library as the first book for their One Book Wyoming program. Johnson is also the author of eight novels in the Walt Longmire mystery series.
I am pleased to announce that on Saturday, #WorldWaterDay, I am launching a yearlong conversation on domestic and international water issues. This project will focus on bringing attention to water-security challenges with an eye toward identifying effective policies that could inform water-management decisions.
My Tucson staff is holding office hours Thursday, March 20 - in Green Valley and Sahuarita. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  GREEN VALLEY, AZ  11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Green Valley Council Offices  555 N La Canada Dr #117  Green Valley, AZ 85614  SAHUARITA, AZ 1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. Sahuarita Town Hall Media Room 375 West Sahuarita Center Way Sahuarita, AZ 85629
We all owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to First Lieutenant Donald K. Schwab, U.S. Army veteran and Hooper, Neb., native, who will be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic acts of service during WWII. In Lure, France, Schwab bravely led his men into combat before charging the enemy alone, forcing the Germans to retreat.
The Library of Congress offers teachers, school librarians, home school educators and parents across the country free access to more than 19 million primary sources.  From poetry and literature; sports, recreation and leisure; or government, law and politics, the Library of Congress chronicles America’s treasures of creativity, knowledge and history from A to Z.  Read more:
It's Sunshine Week-Whistleblowers key to sunshine-Pres should hv Rose Garden ceremony 2 honor
If it is rerun tune to CSPAN SCt Justice Kagan discussion w Geotown LawDean abt workings of the court.  Very informative how she decide/writ
Congratulations to Amy Purdy for taking the bronze medal at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games. The Nevada family is proud!
Innovative conservation programs like those being developed by NISC, use energy wisely, with multiple benefits, and are an important part of a comprehensive energy plan for the nation. They help rural electric cooperatives optimize their energy management and benefit the environment because they promote energy efficiency . That’s good for consumers and good for the country.
The Water Bank Program has proved to be a success in North Dakota, and these additional funds will help continue that success story for North Dakota farmers and ranchers who have been impacted by severe flooding. These resources will provide valuable assistance to help individual farmers and ranchers transform flooded lands into areas that will benefit wildlife in North Dakota. This, in turn, proves an effective flood control mechanism and will help local economies.
Happy to help North Dakota Association of Builders President Ken Callahan #gobald for the St. Baldricks fundraiser to help #ConquerKidsCancer
This morning I took a tour of APAC's rock quarry in Tulsa and met with employees who showed how this business helps support Oklahoma's transportation and infrastructure industry.
It was an honor to meet with Folds of Honor in Owasso today to hear about the assistance and scholarships they provide to spouses and children of military members killed in action or disabled in service to our country.
83 senators agree: #Iran has no right to nuclear enrichment. We must reject any deal that leaves Iran with a future path to a bomb.
Congratulations to #IL #Paralympic athlete, 15-year-old Brody Roybal on winning gold in sled hockey.  Learn more about Brody: http://1.usa.gov/1dzPDKW
"An agenda for our time must meet the challenge of our time — and of this generation. That challenge is America’s growing opportunity deficit."
It was good to be in Montgomery County for a Kansas Listening Tour stop with more than 20 area residents this afternoon. According to the Montgomery County Chronicle, my town hall meeting was the first time in almost 50 years a U.S. Senator had visited Caney. Thanks to all who came out for the interesting discussion covering a variety of topics including health care, EPA regulation, agriculture and banking.
Today at 2:40 p.m. CT, four Army Veterans — two with Kansas ties and two who served in the 1st Infantry Division — will receive the Medal of Honor during a ceremony at the Pentagon's Hall of Heroes.  Much time has passed, but I’m happy to see that First Lieutenant Donald K. Schwab, Sergeant Jack Weinstein, Sergeant Alfred Nietzel and Sergeant Candelario Garcia will receive Presidential attention for their courageous actions while serving our nation. These men are more than deserving of this distinguished honor and will finally receive the recognition they deserve.
On Friday night, I'll be hosting a live Q&A on Smoky Hills Public Television. I encourage you to watch the livestream via their website or tune in to your local Smoky Hills Public Television station to hear me answer Kansans' questions about critical issues facing our nation. Kansans interested in calling-in to ask questions or share feedback should dial 1-800-337-4788. All the details may be found at http://shptv.org/.
Thank you to Bailey and all the students at Talkeetna Elementary for the great welcome sign and for opening your school to us so we could hold a town hall meeting. Lots of great discussion on the proposed Susitna-Watana Hydro Project, air carrier issues, healthcare and education.
Such a beautiful day on the Parks Highway today that we just had to stop and admire Denali on our way to Talkeetna.  There's no place like Alaska!
So glad that the business community is building a consensus against Frankenfish.  Target, Kroger, Safeway, Trader Joe’s all saying ‘no’ to GE salmon – will Costco be next?  
Day 2 of my Parks Highway road trip, and this morning I stopped for coffee in Cantwell and had a great discussion about the issues important to residents here - like subsistence hunting in Denali National Park, highway safety and affordable energy.  Next stop: Talkeetna.
Kansans, the U.S. Army’s 1st Infantry Division and the friends and family of 1Lt. Schwab, Sgt. Weinstein, Sgt. Nietzel, and Sgt. Garcia - honorees tied  to Kansas - have much to be proud of today. The four soldiers are part of a group of 24 that were awarded the Medal of Honor, our nation’s highest award for bravery, at the White House today. To read more about the service of each, visit here: http://www.army.mil/medalofhonor/valor24/recipients/index.html?f=top_nav
Sharing breakfast and speaking with Kansas City area business and civic leaders is a great way to start the morning.
Read my Op-Ed here: http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20140111/PC1002/140119879/1021/reduce-poverty-with-a-new-agenda-of-opportunity
