I talked to several small business leaders at the Independence Chamber of Commerce yesterday who told me they’re concerned that ObamaCare will reduce the number of full-time employees in Missouri and nationwide. Check out KMBC’s report on these discussions.
Dassault Falcon announced a $60 million expansion of its Little Rock facility. This investment in the community is great news and we joined members of the congressional delegation recognizing this announcement.
We met with members of the Arkansas State Chamber of Commerce during a question and answer session. We talked about issues being debated in Washington and how they impact job creation and economic opportunities in our state.
"We as a nation are proud to be Americans and we cherish our freedoms that these men and women have given the ultimate sacrifice to protect."  This is a line from the remarks I gave at the Field of Heroes closing ceremony on Memorial Day.  KPVI has a great story on the event that you should check out.
Enjoyed being in-studio with Kelly and Jill on their program "Top Story" on KLIX Radio in Twin Falls.  We discussed some important topics and took questions from several callers.
Wrapped up a great day seeing and visiting with Idahoans throughout eastern and southern Idaho. Tomorrow we start in Twin Falls before heading to Sun Valley. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram.
NA
KAMR: Cornyn to Host Amarillo Economic Roundtable with PRPC:
Earlier today, Senator Corker joined Second Harvest Food Bank of Northeast Tennessee to deliver food boxes in Kingsport.
Senator Corker met with constituents in Bradley and McMinn counties today. The senator began the day in Cleveland, meeting with business and community leaders at an event hosted by the Rotary Club of Cleveland. Later, he attended an event hosted by the Athens Chamber of Commerce.
Attorney General Eric Holder is set to meet with members of the press to review how the Department of Justice handles investigations: http://bit.ly/Zt56HU
 
 If you could ask him one question, comment below with what you would ask!
Warnings of storms are continuing across Nebraska. Please take time to review the Nebraska Emergency Management Agency Severe Storms Guide to Survival for tips on how to monitor weather conditions as we face hail, high winds, flooding, and possible tornadoes. Also, the American Red Cross has a Tornado Warning & Alert App providing step-by-step instructions for how to prepare for a tornado, which you can download here: http://www.redcross.org/mobile-apps/tornado-app.
Enjoyed hearing from Nebraskans during yesterday’s Constituent Listening Session in Sidney, where we discussed how issues at the federal level are affecting their daily lives. Thanks to all who attended.
Congratulations to Maj. Gen. Judd H. Lyons, Adjutant General of the Nebraska National Guard, for being named the Deputy Director of the U.S. Army National Guard. This promotion recognizes Gen. Lyons' dedication to protecting our state and country. I extend my deepest gratitude to Gen. Lyons for his leadership in Nebraska as he has lead the Nebraska National Guard to respond to several challenging disasters including the 2012 wildfires and the 2011 flooding of the Platte and Missouri Rivers.
Pleased to introduce a bipartisan resolution with Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) and Senator Tim Johnson (D-SD) calling for action to improve communications for communities across the United States, including rural and urban areas. Small businesses throughout Nebraska simply cannot thrive without a 21st century communications infrastructure. I will continue to work with my colleagues to find ways to improve access to adequate phone and Internet service for all Nebraskans. Learn more about our resolution here:
Yesterday in Gering, I was given a wonderful tour of the Community Action Partnership of Western Nebraska Health Center by CAPWN’s Executive Director Jan Fitts and the Director of Health Services Jeff Tracy. Thank you for all you do to enhance Nebraska communities by strengthening families and individuals to help improve their lives.
Grassley Reacts to Smithfield-Shuanghui Deal
Dakota City- 47 ppl Qs CampFin, IRS investigation, Seal Team6, F&F, FarmBill, Obamacare, CropIns, Hobby Lobby, immigr, Congress covrd/laws
Sen. Grassley voices his opinion on the Lois Lerner situation
Fort Dodge- 90 ppl Qs Benghazi, Farm bill, FoodStmps, Immigr, GunControl, MilitarySexual abuse, ChainedCPI,Debt, SocSec, GMOs,IRS, CyberSec
Rockwell City- 34 ppl Qs abt Farm bill, VA, Gas Prices, REC loans, Gun control, Education, Filibuster, Abortion
This AM Jefferson Kiwanis 48 ppl Issues: Immigration, IRS, FlatTax, Energy, CyberSec, Debt, Fillibuster, MyJogging, Ag, EPA Regs, Obamacare
Grassley believes farm bill will pass Senate by next week
Grassley to Hold Town Hall in Algona, Clarion
Grassley meetings this week in Northwest Iowa
“More than a year ago, we began to imagine what a new and vibrant downtown Minot would look like and how we would secure the funding to make that vision a reality. Now, this grant, which we worked hard to secure over the last 12 months, will help provide the infrastructure on which a modern downtown Minot of the future will rise. It will help to ensure that the city comes back better than ever following the worst disaster in its history.”
NA
NA
Everyone needs to read and share this op-ed by Jonathan Turley about the rise and growth of the administrative state.  Many will read this article and wonder what can be done to reverse this disturbing trend.  A good start would be for Congress to stop passing laws like the Gang of 8 comprehensive immigration reform bill that enlarge and empower the administrative state.  Here are some relevant passages:   "Our carefully constructed system of checks and balances is being negated by the rise of a fourth branch, an administrative state of sprawling departments and agencies that govern with increasing autonomy and decreasing transparency.   "[...] This exponential growth has led to increasing power and independence for agencies. The shift of authority has been staggering. The fourth branch now has a larger practical impact on the lives of citizens than all the other branches combined.  "The rise of the fourth branch has been at the expense of Congress’s lawmaking authority. In fact, the vast majority of 'laws' governing the United States are not passed by Congress but are issued as regulations, crafted largely by thousands of unnamed, unreachable bureaucrats. One study found that in 2007, Congress enacted 138 public laws, while federal agencies finalized 2,926 rules, including 61 major regulations."
NA
What does $50,000 mean to you?  If we don't balance the federal budget, in ten years each American household's share of the national debt will increase by $50,000.  You can visit http://www.lee.senate.gov/my50k to share what you would rather do with the $50,000 that Washington wants to spend for you.
NA
Today, I visited with Marysville Mayor Bill Phillipi and a family that sustained damage to their home and property during Monday night's tornadoes. It was not surprising to hear optimistic sentiments and observe the resilient spirit of community members — a typical Kansas response in the face of enormous challenges. Neighbors were helping neighbors, and there is no doubt this rural community will bounce back.
This morning at 10:30 a.m. CT I'll be discussing the Farm Bill and immigration on Agri Talk. I hope you'll tune in or listen live.
Ouzinkie has a major problem -- their dam, which is their community water and hydropower source is basically condemned.  Mayor Dan Clarion and VPSO Travis Sheppard say its in such bad shape you can put your hand through the rotted wood.  If this dam breaks, entire areas of the community will be flooded.  I am hoping we can find a way to fix it soon.
If you're in Kodiak, I hope you can come by the Kodiak Island Brewing Company today between 4 and 5 to share your thoughts and catch up in their tasting room.  Looking forward to it!
Old Harbor is the oldest Russian Orthodox settlement still practicing in North America, and their church is absolutely beautiful.
This archeology dig site at Old Harbor is dated to 7200 years ago.  They think this was a type of smoke house for seal meat, which would make it the oldest on Kodiak Island.  This people at this location are writing a whole new chapter in Alutiiq history, and they never would have found it if they weren't extending the airport.  Amazing stuff!
The Kodiak Island Community Enhancement Project is holding sockeye fry in this pen in the water so they imprint on the nearby stream and return to spawn when they are adults.  A great community project and a smart way to boost salmon populations in the area!
Just finished a wonderful breakfast in Old Harbor of fresh King Crab quiche, baked Red Salmon and above all, great conversation with community leaders.  A great way to start the day - now we head to the hydroelectric plant and the harbor.
Yesterday in Port Lions I met the oldest resident of Kodiak Island, John Pestrikoff.  This amazing man is 102 and has the best stories.  He had me laughing throughout our entire visit!
be sure to follow my Instagram account http://instagram.com/senrobportman for updates from my travels across Ohio.
My column at CNN explains why aiding the rebels in Syria is problematic and dangerous precisely because we don't know who these people are. We also know some are allied with al-Qaeda.
Great to be at the @KCChambers spotlight event in Kansas City today.
Great to talk with the folks from the @opchamber today. Wonderful things are happening in Overland Park!
Such a treat to meet my friend Rachel today to talk about the ABLE Act. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this important legislation and immensely proud of Rachel and her mom's work with the National Down Syndrome Society
Senator Rubio Tells Constituents: Repealing ObamaCare Only Answer To IRS Scandal: http://1.usa.gov/18yFg5V
NA
Joining WVOC radio in Columbia around 440p to discuss the NLRB and the President's unconstitutional recess appointments.
The Supreme Court should hear the case challenging President Barack Obama’s unconstitutional recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board. This week I joined my colleagues in asking them to do so.  More here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-asks-us-supreme-court-rule-president-obama%E2%80%99s-unconstitutional-nlrb
I'm urging HHS Secretary  Kathleen Sebelius to waive the red tape age requirement and allow Sarah Murnaghan, age 10, to be eligible for a life-saving lung transplant.    Sarah has cystic fibrosis and is fighting for her life at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia as she awaits a life-saving lung transplant. Doctors believe she has only a few weeks to live. Pediatric organ donors are in short supply and the likelihood of Sarah receiving a pediatric lung in time is virtually non-existent.  The Department of Health and Human Services has mandated that organ allocation policies must be based on medical necessity rather than waiting time. However, this approach only applies to patients over the age of 12.   I hope and pray that red tape doesn’t get in the way of helping Sarah. I understand we need rules to prioritize organ transplants, but the fact that Sarah is 10 and not 12 shouldn’t be a reason to deny her a chance at life.
My staff assistant, Rebecca Conley, was on hand to present VFW Post 264 in Corry with a certificate in celebration of its 90th anniversary. Thank you to all our veterans for your service to our great country.
