At Freedom Salute ceremony to officially welcome home members of the 169th Medevac Detachment who performed critical life-saving missions in Afghanistan.
Today we remember the brave Americans who were killed in the attack on Pearl Harbor 72 years ago. We will forever honor their sacrifice.
Please help me get to 40K FB likes!  Almost there.
Majority Leader Harry Reid: "under Obamacare, my insurance costs me about $4,500 more that it did before."  I thought it was supposed to lower premiums?
Big Texas vs. Baylor game this afternoon.  May the best team win!
27 degrees in Austin (feels like 19 degrees!)
Pleased to meet with members of The Woodlands Area Economic Development Partnership and hear about the impressive growth and job creation taking place in The Woodlands. This is a community that has fully embraced the Texas economic model of low taxes and limited regulation, and as a result, it has become one of the most desirable places to live, work, start a business and raise a family.
On this day 72 years ago, thousands of Americans lost their lives or were injured in the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor -- an act of aggression that compelled the United States to defend itself and enter World War II. The greatest generation answered the call and responded heroically, as many have before and continue to do after.
 
 Today, we honor the sacrifice of those men and women who lost their lives on that date that continues to live in infamy, and all those who wear the uniform of the United States so that we may be free.
Today we reflect on the 72nd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. We honor those brave men and women who answered the call to serve at home and abroad throughout World War II. The Greatest Generation's lives and prevailing accomplishments serve as a reminder of what our country can achieve through shared sacrifice and hard work.
Yesterday, I had the great honor of visiting Fort Jackson and personally thanking some of the young men and women serving our nation in uniform. For many of these new Army recruits this will be the first Christmas they will be away from their families and loved ones.
 
 During this holiday season let us all remember all those who serve and the sacrifices they are willing to make on behalf of our nation.
UNI women beat stLouisU 74///65
Seventy-two years ago, enemies launched an unexpected attack that changed the American way of life. They senselessly killed thousands of brave men and women serving their country at Pearl Harbor. Today, we pay tribute to the heroes who died that day and we offer our gratitude to their families.   Following the attacks, members of our Armed Forces made tremendous sacrifices. They faced dangerous situations in order to protect Americans from harm, and led us to victory. What the Greatest Generation accomplished after those terrible attacks is a vivid reminder of the patriotism that makes this nation exceptional.
On this day 72 years ago, countless of Americans serving their country were senselessly killed in an attack on Pearl Harbor. I had the honor to visit the Oklahoma Memorial at Pearl Harbor earlier this year and pay tribute to those who lost their lives in service to their country while on board this battleship.Today, we remember their lives and also pay homage to those in the Greatest Generation who answered the call to defend the United States and lead us to victory.
Today marks 72 years since the attack on Pearl Harbor, but the values and resilient American spirit embodied by our greatest generation live on. A couple years ago I helped honor two Kansas Pearl Harbor veterans at the Robert J. Dole VA Medical Center who waited decades to receive their war medals. One of those veterans was Paul Aschbrenner who passed away earlier this year. The other veteran is Arthur Dunn, one of the few living links in Kansas to that “date which will live in infamy."
On Lake Erie this morning near Port Clinton hunting with friends. Cold day - lots of ducks; some going home with me.
We pause today to remember "a date which will live in infamy." We honor those who served and the price so many paid at Pearl Harbor.
Our thoughts are with the brave souls who lost their lives at Pearl Harbor 72 years ago today. May their sacrifice never be forgotten. Semper Fi
Senator Rubio's statement on the WTO trade agreement: http://1.usa.gov/1gNkGmr
NA
Remembering Pearl Harbor.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQOzUqdOVDU
