Today, Senator Alexander met with cadets in the ROTC program at East Tennessee State University, one of the programs Sen. Alexander helped fight to keep open last year, saying, “These programs have produced some of our nation’s outstanding military leaders…This is a major victory for these students.”
Honored to receive the STEM Champion award from Girlstart, an Austin-based nonprofit empowering young girls to pursue studies and careers in science, technology, engineering and math.
We need to give power to the people. The biggest divide we’ve got in this country isn’t between Republicans and Democrats. It’s between career politicians in Washington — in both parties — and the American people. #MakeDCListen
Mr. President, our borders are not secure, U.S. businesses are relying on foreign labor continue to struggle to fill positions across the spectrum of skill levels, our legal immigration channels remain plagued with backlogs, employers continue to lack tools to ensure their workforce is legal, and millions remain in the shadows. In recent legislation approved by the Senate, a hard fought compromise was reached coupling steps to address those here illegally with stringent border security requirements and other solutions. Unilateral executive action will ensure that border security issues are left unaddressed and no ground will be gained on fixes critical to the U.S. economy.
NA
Today, I joined with students at the Smith Valley School in Smith to sing "Home Means Nevada" as part of the state sing-along. I'd like to thank Deputy Superintendent of Lyon County School District, Wayne Workman, and Principal Mark Gradillas! #nevadasings
Glad to visit Erik Ramstad Middle School today to host Online Safety Roadshow along with Google reps to teach students about safer Internet use.
“The Bureau of Reclamation’s most recent environmental review provides a number of alternatives, including the treatment of Missouri River water. One of those alternatives should be acceptable to the state of North Dakota, the EPA and the Bureau of Reclamation. The EPA must be more forthcoming in this process and timelier with its comments. The agency’s last minute attention to the environmental review is a disservice to our state, our local communities waiting for years to be served by NAWS, as well as other responsible federal agencies that have worked hard to issue the new Draft EIS. We need to clear the way for bringing safe and reliable drinking water to nearly a hundred thousand North Dakotans in a growing region of our state.”
Today, Oklahoma health officials established an Ebola policy. This is a great move for the protection of Oklahomans. Where do you stand on quarantine policies for people that have had exposure to Ebola? Comment below.  Read more about the quarantine policy here: http://www.swoknews.com/area/oklahoma-establishes-ebola-policy
ICYMI: I spoke with Chris Casteel of The Oklahoman about my trip to the Syrian-Jordanian border and told him that U.S. air strikes against Islamic State targets have been helpful but have also proved that air strikes alone won’t get the job done.   Read more here http://newsok.com/oklahoma-u.s.-sen.-jim-inhofe-says-fight-against-islamic-state-is-on-the-right-track/article/5361611
Enough is enough. The EPA has once again proposed new regulations for oil refineries that fails to comply with the law, specifically Section 321(a) of the Clean Air Act.  I wrote a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy urging her to withdraw the regulations, pointing out how these two new proposed mandates do not even provide meaningful benefits to human health or the environment but instead just adds more red tape to domestic energy production. Read more here:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-urges-epa-to-abandon-new-refinery-requirements
#ThrowbackThursday pic of Ron and Jane at a ’50s themed wedding - in honor of #Halloween, of course! #Halloween2014 #tbt
Did you know #IL is home to the cellphone, internet browser & more? Chicago is becoming next Silicon Valley - a new frontier of innovation. I visited 1871 Chicago for 1776 #ChallengeCup.
Did you know that almost half of kids have been bullied online?  I partnered with high school students from all over Illinois and Motorola Mobility Foundation to create a mobile app to combat cyberbullying.  See the app in action and learn more: http://kirk.senate.gov/cyberbullying
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Lisa Cannon-Albright. The photo was submitted with this caption:  My Dad, Lt. Col. J. Parry Cannon joined the Army during WWII and served 25 years in Italy, Germany, Korea, Thailand and in the US. My Mother, Shirley Howard Cannon served with him all those years and raised 3 children. They are shown here in Germany. My brother continues our family's service in NCIS, his son is a Lt. in the Army. My father died (30 years later) from Hep C that he contracted from a MASH blood transfusion after injury in Korea. He gave his life for our great country and inspired a life of service in all of his descendants
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Robert Sarlo. Robert served in the Vietman War. He is 18 years old in this photo in Kon Tum, Province. I am deeply grateful for Robert's service and for the service of all of our veterans. Dated: 1968, Vietnam.
On my way to vote at the Riley County Courthouse. I always prefer to vote on Election Day, but I will be on the road with Town Halls in Neodosha and Chanute. Then election night in Wichita.
Enjoyed good company and conversations at my town hall meeting today in Iola. Discussion included VA and Veterans issues, rural health care, costs of over-regulating community banks, ISIS and need for military readiness, increasing cost of national debt when interest rates begin to increase. Glad to see so many people attend and make their opinions and suggestions heard.
Talking politics with Mr. Stacy Reed's AP Government class at Burlington High School this afternoon.
This morning I continued my visits to Kansas hospitals this week with a stop at Anderson County Hospital in Garnett. I had the opportunity to get a hard-hat tour of the new facility being built directly behind the current hospital with CEO Dennis Hachenberg, and was glad to hear it remains on schedule to open in Spring 2015. Community Hospitals like Anderson County Hospital play a vitally important role addressing the unique health care needs of rural Kansas. The new, modern facility is the future of health care in Anderson County and will help meet the community’s needs far into the future. Thanks again to the Board of Trustees for the informative tour.
We owe our returning troops as much support as possible, but a Lower 48-designed regulation is standing in the way of substance abuse counseling that some are finding themselves in need of. I'm working with the Secretary of the Army to get Alaska-trained and -educated counselors the clearance they need to serve those who have served us.
October is National Women’s Small Business Month, and a great opportunity to brag about some of Alaska’s lesser-known success stories.  Barbara Marsh and Janie Taylor run the Denali Dreams Soap Company in the Spenard area of Anchorage and won the “Made in Alaska Manufacturer of the Year” for 2012! For the latest information on the MIA program in Alaska, click here: http://commerce.state.ak.us/dnn/Portals/6/pub/mia/Newsletter_Jan_2014_Final.pdf
I enjoyed visiting UAHuntsville today to speak about the university's vital role in making North Alabama and our nation stronger. I believe that supporting our research universities, like UAH, is one of the smartest ways for Alabama to secure high-quality jobs and to secure the United States’ competitive edge in the global economy in which we live today.
Here is an excerpt from Sen. Sessions' statement today concerning the latest developments with the President's immigration orders:  “The President is systemically stripping away the immigration protections to which every single American worker and their family is entitled. He doesn't care how this impacts Americans’ jobs, wages, schools, tax bills, hospitals, police departments, or communities...  The world has turned upside down. Instead of serving the interests of the American worker, the policies of President Obama and every Senate Democrat serve the needs of special interests and global CEOs who fail to understand the duty a nation owes to its own people. But the citizens of this country still hold the power, and through their voice, they can turn the country right-side up again.”
NA
Really enjoyed visiting with the students at the University School of the Lowcountry today--thanks for having me!
My deepest thanks to the Pennsylvania State Police and the numerous other law enforcement agencies that diligently worked to successfully apprehend Eric Frein tonight in Monroe County.      Each Pennsylvanian owes a debt of gratitude to the 30,000 law enforcement officers for the sacrifice they make on a daily basis to keep us safe.  My prayers remain with the family, friends, and colleagues of Corporal Bryon Dickson, and with Trooper Alex Douglass as he continues to recover.
