As we celebrate Law Enforcement Week, Senator Ayotte was glad to meet with police officers from Rockingham County this afternoon and thank them for all they do to keep Granite Staters safe.
Today Senator Ayotte welcomed students visiting from Salem Christian School to Capitol Hill!
Senator Ayotte released the following statement tonight regarding the death of Officer Steve Arkell of the Brentwood Police Department:              “This was a senseless and shocking tragedy, and I send my prayers and condolences to Officer Arkell’s family as well as the Brentwood Police Department. Losing a police officer in the line of duty leaves a hole in our hearts that can never be filled, and I pray that Officer Arkell’s family, friends and fellow officers will find strength in the difficult days ahead.”
If the troubling allegations surrounding the St. Louis Veteran’s Affairs hospital are true, this is an unacceptable lack of leadership that hurts Missouri veterans. I’m working to get to the bottom of this situation.
I’m always grateful to have the opportunity to greet Missouri’s Honor Flight participants & WWII veterans who are visiting their memorial in Washington, D.C. As we mark Military Appreciation Month, please join me to say thank you to all of the brave servicemen and women who have sacrificed to fight for the freedoms we enjoy.
Enjoyed sitting down with Jerry Jacob live-in studio. We talked about job-creating energy policy and the importance of access to quality mental health treatment for all Americans, including our servicemen and women and their families.
A new poll from CNN reveals that only 12% of Americans believe Obamacare is a success. It’s time to repeal and replace. #brokenpromises #PatientCAREact
Today is the first anniversary of the verdict from the trial of abortion provider Dr. Kermit Gosnell. On this day, I join with those who are calling for a Senate vote on Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I support this bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks, based on the unborn child’s ability to feel pain. 
NA
NA
I had the pleasure of welcoming Lt. Alan Cavener and his wife Jo-lynne of Boise to my Washington, D.C., office today to thank them for their dedicated service.  Alan is being honored by the National Association of Police Organizations as a Top Cop award winner during National Police Week.  Law enforcement officers and their families courageously give our country a precious gift—the preservation of our safety.
The Small Business Council of America presented Sen. Collins with the "Outstanding Congressional Achievement Award." Bruce Johnson, Esq., a Council member from Springvale, presented the award and said, "Sen. Collins is a long-time friend of small businesses in Maine and throughout the nation, and she is a deserving recipient of this award."  More:  http://1.usa.gov/RLTDk5
VIDEO - Fox News: Cornyn Demands Answers From VA Secretary:
Cornyn Demands Answers From VA Secretary:
Senators Corker and Alexander today sent a letter to U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric K. Shinseki calling on the VA to conduct a “through, open and transparent” audit following reports of neglect at some of its medical facilities, including allegations that up to 40 patients may have died because of delayed care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System. While Secretary Shinseki recently announced a “face-to-face” audit of all VA medical facilities, the senators urged the department to consider using a third-party auditor to ensure the review “is independent and transparent," and also requested information on Tennessee VA facilities.  “The gravity of these allegations demands a thorough, open and transparent investigation,” wrote the senators. “As the VA conducts its internal audit, we urge you to consider partnering with an outside organization and conduct a joint review, or use a third-party auditor to examine the claims made against the VA to help ensure the review is independent and transparent.”  Corker and Alexander said if allegations of records manipulation at the Phoenix VA are found to be true, it “would represent a massive failure of the VA” and would “demonstrate a complete breach of faith with the community it is mandated to serve.”  The senators also asked Shinseki to provide specific information regarding the average time Tennessee veterans are waiting for care at VA facilities.  “At the completion of the audit, in addition to the findings and recommendations, we request that you provide us with the average time between patients presenting themselves and when they receive treatment at all VA facilities in Tennessee,” they continued. “Our veterans deserve better, and we intend to closely monitor the investigation to ensure they receive every benefit they have earned.”    Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hKqw6X.
Senator Corker joined Senators Lamar Alexander and Orrin Hatch this morning at The Bluebird Cafe in Nashville to announce The Songwriter Equity Act, which was introduced today in the U.S. Senate. The bill would amend federal law to allow songwriters to be compensated for the fair market value of their work.   The senators made their announcement accompanied by songwriters Roxie Dean, Lee Thomas Miller, Tom Douglas and Rivers Rutherford, who performed some of their signature songs and discussed the importance of removing government restrictions.  Corker said: “There’s no place where the music industry is more vibrant than in Tennessee, where we are blessed with talented songwriters, musicians, and small and large businesses that work to bring to life the music we enjoy each day. As technology advances, it’s important we not forget the sometimes unsung heroes of the music industry – the songwriters – and modernize the way they are compensated for their talents.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1mSnn8o.
Hallowed ground turns 150 years old today as Arlington National Cemetery observes its 150th anniversary.
NYT admits Obamacare kills choice, lurking premium increases, billions of dollars for wasteful procedures and more! We need a #FullRepeal now!
The American people have questions about #Benghazi. The Senate should help get answers!
We need to have real truth and accountability on #Benghazi, but the Democrats and White House have stonewalled and refused to answer questions.
The degree to which this President ignores the law is utterly unprecedented and it is dangerous. #MakeDCListen
"Yet only the staunchest deficit hawks, Republican Senators Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, Jeff Flake of Arizona and United States Senator Mike Lee of Utah, voted against beginning debate on the [tax extenders] bill."
It's time to kill the #ZombieTaxCredit #PTC
Congress must act now to increase transparency and combat fraud within the asbestos-settlement system if future victims of asbestos-related injuries are to be protected.
Small Business Week: Lou Marcuzzo founded Louie M’s Burger Lust over 30 years ago as a catering service, serving area day cares in Omaha. Today Lou and his sons serve Nebraskans delicious burgers and local businesses now come to them as a popular meeting spot. I was excited to visit Louie M’s recently, where I saw firsthand the entrepreneurial spirit that grew this family business.
A Des Moines woman, determined to kick her drug addiction, found help from people who believed in her and became the “awesome mom” she wanted to be.  Senator Grassley recommends her inspiring story and thanks the many individuals who guided her transformation.  Read more here: 
Here is Anna’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
NA
Looking forward to hosting U.S. Forestry Chief Tom Tidwell to North Dakota to meet with our grazing associations and individual ranchers to discuss management practices for grazing and ranching on the Little Missouri National Grasslands, and specifically, using third party mediation when deciding management practices for grazing.
We’ve worked closely with United Airlines and Williston leaders to get expanded jet service to the region, and we appreciate the airline committing to expanding air service to western North Dakota. By providing access to Houston, another major United hub, these new flights will help meet the demand for expanded air service driven by a growing economy in western North Dakota.
We worked very hard to include these two important priorities for North Dakota in the new water resources development bill, and now the conferees appear to have reached an agreement. With authorization for permanent flood control in the Red River Valley we take a big step toward the construction phase of the project, and with inclusion of our States’ Water Rights Act, we block an unfair proposal by the Corps to charge a fee for access to water from Missouri River reservoirs.
Looking forward to participating in energy discussion starting around 11CT/12ET.  Stream live http://bit.ly/1sJ59K8
I took a brief moment today to visit one of my staffers, Sara, and her new baby boy. Sawyer was born yesterday at 7 lbs 13 oz, and his two older brothers are eager to bring him home.
The Water Resources Development Act will help Oklahoma's rural communities meet their water requirements, expand our state’s inland waterways, force transparency in Corps of Engineers and streamline their permitting process. I was proud to have improved the bill during markup in the EPW committee, during floor consideration in the Senate and as an appointed member to the bicameral conference committee. Yesterday I signed the conference report securing in the bill major improvements to Oklahoma’s water resources and infrastructure. With it being National Transportation Week, it is an ideal time for Congress to vote and pass this important piece of legislation.
FCC's budget request does not recognize realities. http://t.co/5ykjJd3HLi
I have recently shared several links to speeches and op-eds that I have written to build support for an anti-cronyism and free market agenda.  I have introduced or co-sponsored six bills that fit within this agenda.  I look forward to discussing these six bills and other ways that we can make economic opportunity available to all Americans in my upcoming tele-townhall.    If you haven't already signed up to attend my monthly tele-townhalls, you can join my tele-townhall this Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. MT and be a part of the discussion and dialogue.  Click on the link below to learn more about these bills and to find more information on signing up for my tele-townhall.
The #washingtonmonument is now open again after years of repairs due to earthquake damage.  This is an old picture from a few months ago when it was enclosed with scaffolding.  You should add this to your list if you are planning to visit DC.  Utahns can also contact my office to have a member of my staff arrange a fantastic tour of the Capitol Building. #touristseason #DC
Fmr. Army Sgt. Kyle White received the Medal of Honor today for heroic actions during an ambush by the Taliban in Afghanistan. Click to read more about this incredible man's story and service.
Congrats to Ginna and John Baldiviez - as well as the entire Baldiviez family - for being named the 2014 Alaskan Small Business Persons of the Year for their dynamic success story at Anchorage's House of Bread!  Thanks so much for the visit to my office; I can't wait to come by your store on one of my next trips home.
Women's Health Magazine is a strong ally in Alaska's fight against Frankenfish. So I thank them for letting me submit a blog post in honor of National Women's Health Week about what its readers "Need to Know" about genetically engineered salmon, as I continue to fight its approval.
I believe we must apply constructive conservatism to the persistent problem of poverty. We must take a bottom-up approach that gives Americans the tools they need to lift themselves up.
Honored to meet these #KY police officers today. They are visiting DC for #NationalPoliceWeek. Thanks to all police officers for your service
Homeownership is central to a strong economy and bolsters the families and communities of rural Kansas.  I championed a provision that was signed into law to ensure qualified homebuyers in rural America have access to affordable housing. If you are looking for housing assistance in Dodge City, Garden City, Lansing, Andover, Gardner, Hays, Junction City, Liberal, Ottawa and Pittsburg, check out USDA’s Rural Development office in Kansas for more information about what programs are now available in your community. http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/KS_RHS.html 
Senator Rubio Proposes Retirement Security Reforms At National Press Club 
Cool view of the Capitol from underground in the Capitol Visitors Center.
During a recent visit to NEPA, I had the opportunity to discuss my efforts to protect children from abuse & bring the Federal Aviation Administration to Tobyhanna with Chuck Volpe, Paola Giangiacomo, & Mayor Jim McNulty. 
Standing up for #MedicarePartD with Sen. Bob Casey. We're working to preserve coverage for seniors, disabled persons & the mentally ill. 
