The bicameral passage of the bipartisan manufacturing bill I introduced with Senator Brown is great news for #jobs in Missouri and nationwide. I urge the president to sign this bill into law immediately. Please share if you agree.
Promising to see that a bill moving the Keystone XL Pipeline will be one of the first things up in 2015.
I'm proud that the Senate paved the way for the the construction of a National Desert Storm and Desert Shield Memorial. Hear from one Arkansan who has been working to make this a reality for his fellow servicemembers.
Senate Republicans announced their committee assignments for the 114th Congress. I'm excited to once again be serving on the Agriculture Committee; Appropriations Committee; Environment and Public Works Committee (EPW); and Veterans Affairs Committee. I will also sit on the Rules Committee for this coming session of Congress.
Today I joined a group of senators in a bipartisan letter calling on Secretary of State John Kerry to assist religious minorities facing persecution in Syria and Iraq, such as Christians and Yazidis, to find refuge in the United States. We also urged the State Department to provide these minorities with better access to U.S. humanitarian aid.
NA
This week, Senate Republican leadership announced committee assignments for the 114th Congress. Senator Corker will serve on the following committees beginning in January:  •           Senate Committee on Foreign Relations •           Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs •           Senate Committee on the Budget •           Senate Special Committee on Aging  “As I traveled across the Volunteer State in the days following the November election, Tennesseans made clear that they are ready for the Senate to govern responsibly and finally focus on growing our economy, repairing our fiscal house and strengthening our nation’s role in the world,” said Corker. “Serving on the foreign relations, banking, budget and aging committees will allow me the unique opportunity to focus on the issues that matter most to Tennesseans and our country, and I am eager to get to work.”  Corker continued: “Some of America’s greatest achievements and longest-lasting solutions have occurred when one party controls Congress and another the White House. It will take hard work, but if the president rolls up his sleeves and provides leadership and if the Congress acts responsibly, I truly believe we can begin to solve the big issues before us so that my generation can leave behind a stronger nation than the one we inherited.”  Committee assignments are subject to approval of the Republican Conference as well as the full Senate. Chairmen will be selected by a vote of the members of each respective committee and then approved by the Republican Conference, which is expected to take place in early January.   Corker currently serves as ranking member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.
In this month of Kislev, the month of miracles, we celebrate the start of Hanukkah and commemorate how the Maccabees stood against those who sought to drive them out of Jerusalem, and how the few defeated the many.  It is a time to remember the bravery of a great people, and God’s provision in their bleakest moments.  They fought to worship freely. The light of hope was restored. And now this burning flame flickers across the nation, and across the world.  Many have attempted – and will continue to attempt – to extinguish this flame. But, as today marks the rededication of the Temple, may we always stand with our Jewish brothers and sisters and protect religious liberty at home and abroad.
Great news, but as we learned from Obamacare, we can't rely on the courts alone. Republicans must keep their promise to #StopObamasAmnesty!
It’s long past time to call the Fort Hood attack what it was: radical Islamic terrorism, and this recognition for Fort Hood terrorist victims is overdue.   Now all our legislation needs is a signature from the President to allow victims of the 2009 attack to receive the Purple Heart and the benefits they deserve.  Learn more here: http://townhall.com/tipsheet/christinerousselle/2014/12/15/sen-cruz-makes-video-calling-for-ft-hood-victims-to-receive-purple-heart-n1932217
Within days, the world has witnessed the savage hand of radical Islamic terrorism against innocents—in Peshawar, Pakistan and in Sydney, Australia. In both places, terrorists sought to exterminate civilians, of all ethnicities, ages, and beliefs, alike.   In Pakistan, more than 100 children were massacred at their desks by Taliban terrorists who wanted to inflict the maximum pain on the civilian population. Café workers and customers in Sydney were held hostage for hours. Some were forced to raise the black flag of jihad and death. A man and a woman died in their brave attempt to stop the terrorist gunman.   These attacks may be distant on a map, but should be at the forefront of our minds. Terrorism knows no borders. And, strong American resolve is needed to help our friends and allies around the world to stop it.
Most Americans are interested in protecting our rights and getting back to the principles our nation was built upon. #MakeDCListen #StopObamasAmnesty
We’re continuing to vote on the president’s nominees this week. Unfortunately, there are some really bad nominees that will get confirmed because the outgoing Senate majority changed the rules to approve nominees by a simple majority vote. I voted against the nominee to be the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security due to the president’s unilateral changes to our immigration policies through executive actions. I cannot vote for someone who will not enforce our laws, even if it is by the president’s direction. I also voted against the nominee to be Surgeon General due to his positions favoring gun control, advocacy for doctors to counsel their patients about gun ownership and he’s professionally not qualified.
Iowans are generous with their time in helping others, a new report shows.  Senator Grassley thanks Iowa’s volunteers for stepping up to help their communities.  Read more here:
I spoke on the senate floor to share stories from North Dakota farmers and small businesses about the importance of passing the Tax Extenders bill. This piece of legislation is critical to helping not only small businesses and farmers, but the entire economy. Of particular importance to our state, the legislation extends the Section 179 rule for the current tax year so that producers and small businesses can expense purchases made in 2014. Read more here: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/12/hoeven-pushes-on-senate-floor-to-pass-tax-increase-prevention-act-including-extension-of-section-179
The Administration yet again is seeking to close Gitmo and transfer battle-hardened terrorists to U.S. soil. Guantanamo bay remains the safest, most-secure facility to continue housing and trying terrorists and enemy combatants. I’ve put a provision in the defense authorization bill that will prevent the President from closing Gitmo for another year. Read more here: http://bit.ly/1wxFKHk
NA
The Constitution gives the Senate the responsibility to give the president advice about his executive nominations and ultimately consent. My advice is this: The president should not proffer a nominee for the job of executing our immigration laws who affirmatively supports subverting those very same laws. That's exactly what the president has done by nominating Sarah Saldana to be in charge of Immigration and Customs Enforcement within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and submitting her to the senate for confirmation, and I cannot and will not give my consent.
Even Napoleon Bonaparte opposed torture: "The barbarous custom of having men beaten who are suspected of having important secrets to reveal must be abolished... Torture produces nothing worthwhile. The poor wretches say anything that comes into their mind that the interrogator wishes to hear." - From the new biography by Andrew Roberts, "Napoleon: A Life"
Sign at a protest of #Hungary's parliament: "Mr. McCain you are RIGHT" - agreeing with my recent remarks about the anti-democratic rule of its Prime Minister (via @Yair_Rosenberg).
I spoke on the Senate floor last week about the unique challenges Kansas hospitals and health care providers face caring for patients in our state—often in very rural settings across wide areas. During my time representing Kansans in Washington, D.C., I have had the opportunity to visit each of the 128 community hospitals. Almost every visit involves concerns about the harmful impacts and massive uncertainty caused by the Affordable Care Act, as well as the ever increasing federal regulatory burdens hospitals face as they work to provide quality health care to their local residents. There will be a renewed opportunity in the new Congress to undo the damage caused by Obamacare and present real solutions to problems facing the Kansas health care providers and patients.
Good news from Seward when it comes to leveraging our state's ‘all of the above energy’ potential and renewables. The geothermal heating technology that has done cost-saving wonders for the Alaska SeaLife Center is being considered for more facilities in town.
What a touching story about an Alaska teen who’s turned his own struggles into doing something for others. Very fitting for the holiday season. What an inspiration!
May the lights of Hanukkah bring you joy this holiday season!
Senator Rubio Marks The Start Of #Hanukkah
Secret Santa in the office today!
NA
Big Brothers Big Sisters Southeastern Pennsylvania (BBBS SEPA) is celebrating their 100th Anniversary. This is a terrific organization and I am proud that two of my staff members volunteer as “Bigs”. Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I introduced a resolution to honor their work over the last 100 years – I was thrilled to see it pass!
Yesterday, I voted against the confirmation of Vivek Murthy for Surgeon General. The Surgeon General’s job is to help inform the public on health and wellness issues, not to lead political crusades against the Second Amendment or to promote Obamacare. Dr. Murthy lacks the experience necessary to carry out the duties of this office.
