Great to meet Heidi Welch, a music teacher at Hillsboro-Deering High School, named New Hampshire's 2013 Teacher of the Year and finalist for National Teacher of the Year.
I’m looking at legislation to protect the economy and public safety by allowing the Obama Administration to apply the same standards to furloughs that they apply to “essential” federal employees who are required to work during occurrences of inclement weather or other government shutdowns.
Today, my office was notified by the White House that the President has decided to stop allowing American citizens to visit and tour the White House.    The President has discretion over where to make cuts to comply with sequestration requirements, and to prevent American citizens from visiting the White House represents a desperate attempt to make sequestration seem more painful than it needs to be.    Rest assured my office will continue providing tours of the U.S. Capitol building for North Carolinians visiting Washington.  We welcome you and encourage you to visit.
White House makes political decision to end tours instead of trying to cut waste. We'll gladly still give Capitol tours.
Today, I Joined Senator Mike Lee in outlining areas of wasteful Washington spending that the President can cut instead of targeting vital programs. I also invited all of the groups who had their White House tours cancelled to take a tour of the Capitol, Senate, and House buildings instead.
Yesterday, I spoke on the Senate Floor about how under Obamacare, Americans are in for a serious case of premium sticker shock.
NA
The Keystone XL pipeline would be at zero cost to the American taxpayer and would create 16,000 jobs. There is no excuse not to approve this ‘jobs package.’
Another good example from @SenMikeLee of what to cut: #CutThisNotThat
After sequester, stock market soars, POTUS's poll numbers tumble
One good example from @SenMikeLee of what to cut: #CutThisNotThat
PHOTO: Great meeting with Texans today at my weekly coffee with Ted Cruz:
Guess sequester hype was just that: Dow trades at all time high.
Brownsville Herald: Cornyn Joins Texas Calls for Mexico to Deliver Water:
This morning, Senator Corker met with EMS professionals from across Tennessee at Tennessee Tuesday, the weekly constituent breakfast Corker and Senator Alexander host each week the Senate is in session.
Earlier today, Senator Corker met with a group of 85 Tennesseans who are in Washington for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee’s (AIPAC) annual policy conference. The group discussed key issues affecting the U.S.-Israel relationship and U.S. Middle East policy with Corker.
NA
Smoking gun memo: Obama Administration, in writing, instructs agencies to make sequester cuts as painful as possible. Shameless and relentlessly partisan: http://bit.ly/ZdIpkB
 
 Rather than threatening police, firefighters, teachers, and air traffic controllers, President Obama should cancel the $250 million in aid to Egypt that was announced this week, and use it instead to fund vital priorities and to pay down our debt.
Terrific op-ed by Arthur Brooks, president of AEI, making the very same point that I've been pressing:  that Republicans should focus like a laser on "opportunity conservatism," explaining how conservative policies expand opportunity, improve the material well-being of the least off among us, and ease the means of ascent up the economic ladder.  How empowerment and expanding personal responsibility helps those struggling to achieve the American dream.  Brooks explains:  "America's poor people have been saddled with generations of disastrous progressive policy results, from welfare-induced dependency to failing schools that continue to trap millions of children."  "Meanwhile, the record of free enterprise in improving the lives of the poor both here and abroad is spectacular."   Brooks continues:  "[T]he answer is to make improving the lives of vulnerable people the primary focus of authentically conservative policies. For example, the core problem with out-of-control entitlements is not that they are costly—it is that the impending insolvency of Social Security and Medicare imperils the social safety net for the neediest citizens. Education innovation and school choice are not needed to fight rapacious unions and bureaucrats—too often the most prominent focus of conservative education concerns—but because poor children and their parents deserve better schools."  Read the whole article here:
All Senate offices and committees are required by the sequester to cut their budgets. Exempting a Senate working group’s slush fund from cuts doesn’t make sense and sends the wrong message to taxpayers.
I called Yellowstone National Park Superintendent Dan Wenk last week about how the sequester (budget cuts) would affect the park. He is one of the most knowledgeable superintendents I’ve talked to in my 16 years in the Senate. I was pleased that he was prepared with budget numbers and seemed to be looking to minimize the impact on tourism as much as possible instead of looking to close campgrounds, (which generate revenue), visitor centers, and other high profile items.  I hope he follows through and I was pleased to hear he was also talking with gateway community mayors and Governor Mead.  I'm sure they all have some good ideas on how Yellowstone can tighten its budget with the least impact.  The budget for Yellowstone in 2010 was about $37 million. Now it's about $35 million per year and they are being asked to cut $1.75 million. Cuts from the sequester to the overall federal budget are only 2-5 percent for most areas of the federal budget and are more for the military.  Any cut is painful, but we cannot continue business as usual spending increases and debt.  That will wreak havoc on our country.
Extremely disappointed to receive word that the White House has chosen to cancel all tours this spring, supposedly due to sequestration. While top White House political operatives pull in average salaries of $142,000, the folks who process tour requests for hundreds of thousands of students, seniors, and families – including thousands of Nebraskans – will be “reduced.” And these are your priorities, Mr. President?  It seems some folks in Washington are intent on maximizing the pain. What’s next, cancelling the Easter Egg Roll?
Although I’m disappointed it did not pass, today I voted in favor of an amendment to cut spending here in the Senate. It’s time to lead by example and make smart, sensible cuts to reduce our deficit.  www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=113&session=1&vote=00029
Enjoyed reading the Omaha World-Herald editorial, which highlights the importance of agriculture to Nebraska, to our country and to the world.
Grassley on sequestration: 'It's time to end the constant campaigning'
Harkin & Grassley: Iconic duo's clout felt far and wide
Sen. Grassley to be in North Iowa on Saturday
Senate internships available, applications due March 22
If we are not going to budget, we are not going to move this country forward. #NoBudgetNoPay  Video: http://bit.ly/WtgMJa
ICYMI: I asked Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW members about issues important to Nevada veterans. Watch:
My thoughts and prayers are with the Nevada National Guard's 168th MEDEVAC as they head to Afghanistan. Like this post and thank them for their service.
Portion of new anti-illegal gun trafficking bill named after Hadiya Pendleton.
We should get rid of agencies that have no acting commissioners, no executive director, and no general counsel before we start cutting things like White House tours.
The Fish and Wildlife Service needs to extend the comment period of the Gunnison sage-grouse.  This listing will reduce the rights of property owners in San Juan County, and local officials should be allowed a seat at the table to influence the process of protecting this species.
McConnell: 'The American people are exhausted after all these years of campaigning, and they expect Democrat leaders now to finally work with the divided Congress they elected to get things done. As I’ve said before, the President has to figure out how to govern with the situation he’s got, not the one he wishes he had. That’s what being President is all about. It’s time to return to actually solving problems – in other words, to legislate the way we’re supposed to around here: with transparency, with public input, and with sufficient time to develop sound policy.’
Yesterday, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said sequestration wouldn’t impact the Secret Service Protective Detail. Today, the Administration canceled self-guided tours of The White House for seemingly no reason.  Do you have an upcoming trip to Washington that will be impacted?
Kansas State University College of Veterinary Medicine Students Allison Nelson and Kim Hoefert came by my D.C. office today to discuss a bill I cosponsored last Congress: the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program Enhancement Act. The bill would make the existing program more effective, and I plan to cosponsor again this Congress.  The Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program recruits livestock and public health veterinarians to rural areas of the country where they are needed to promote food safety and assist communities with agricultural needs. It is always good to see dedicated students working on important issues that could positively impact our state.
Once again Alaska is on the forefront of alternative energy research.  These UAA students are developing the Tidal Energy Incubator Project in Homer- anther great example of Alaskan ingenuity at work!  Learn more about this cool project:
I got so caught up in Iditarod weekend, I nearly forgot to congratulate Kikkan Randall for making history at the Nordic World Ski Championships!  Way to go!
My office is accepting applications for internship opportunities for Ohio students in my Washington, D.C. and state offices. Today is the deadline for applications. Learn more here:
In U.S. Attorney General Holder's letter to me today, he refused to rule out the possibility of unconstitutional drone strikes on U.S. citizens & on American soil.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=724
Today, I introduced an amendment that would strike funding for a Senatorial Office slush fund. In the wake of sequestration, this amendment would save up to $2.8 million over a four year period. It is time for our elected officials to lead by example and stop spending as though we have possession of a credit card that we don’t have to pay for.   View my release and watch my floor speech below: http://paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=723
Sequestration Scare Tactic Alert: After Allegations of Selling White House Access to Donors – President Obama Closes White House Gate to the American People.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=9f5f0bec-9c5e-406a-9df7-b0204fdd2a73
Today I introduced a bill to save the taxpayer $36 billion and restore integrity to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) commonly known as food stamps.  SNAP funds should go to those in need, not to lotto winners or toward union dues. By cutting administrative costs, we can save billions for the taxpayer without affecting food on the table or in the kitchen cupboard for families that the rely on the assistance.
WATCH: Sen. Shelby discusses sequestration, impending problems with government funding, and his 1800th career county visit http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Su9RSUuiYEg&feature=youtu.be
Tune in to FOX6 WBRC Good Day Alabama tomorrow morning at 7:10am CT for an interview with Senator Shelby
Enjoyed meeting Mt. Pleasant residents Brad Milford and Chelsea King in Washington today!
Israel’s success is an affirmation of America's success. They achieved it with the same sorts of values and principles that got our nation started: a democratic society that respects human rights, understands importance of personal freedom and the role of a market-based economy in achieving miracles of prosperity.
Addressing AIPAC, I remarked how Israel follows only the US in innovation, technological development and biotech. Though surrounded by unfriendly nations, Israel has created stability and opportunity, and lifted people from poverty. The story of Israel is also the story of America, just on a different scale.
Grateful that Families of Flight 93 president Gordon Felt has asked Navy Secretary Ray Mabus to commission the USS Somerset in Philadelphia. The voices of these families speak more loudly than any others here...
Great to meet with senior members and cadets from Pennsylvania's Civil Air Patrol, and honored to be given membership in the Civil Air Patrol Congressional squadron. Thank you for your great service to Pennsylvania.
