Great to see students from Beaver Meadow School in Concord this morning!
Enjoyed meeting with members of the Indiana Soybean Alliance to discuss agriculture issues facing the next Congress.
Thanks to the Indianapolis Jewish Community Relations Council for meeting today.
Sen. Collins visited the Maine Veterans' Homes in Bangor today to meet with Veterans and sign holiday cards for those serving in our Armed Forces.  The card signing was part of the Holiday Mail for Heroes program organized by the American Red Cross.
I had the opportunity to speak with two prominent Cuban dissidents, Elizardo Sanchez and Guillermo Farinas.   They cautioned that the Castros would try to get the United States to finance their "Putinist project" through the relaxation of the embargo, and that we should reject any deal that did not include real political reform.  Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1AB0o8U
Powerful: Cuban dissidents feel betrayed, left on the battlefield by President Obama’s outreach to the Castros.
We do have friends in Cuba, people like Elizardo Sanchez, Guillermo Farinas, and their many colleagues in the opposition. But this misguided policy of President Obama’s does nothing to help them.  On the contrary it may well strengthen the Castros and entrench a new generation of their oppressors in power unless Congress steps in to stop it.
I’m glad that US Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack is abandoning his efforts to create another beef checkoff program. Last weekend Congress took action to halt the duplicative program that would have created more federal control and ultimately undermine the say producers have in administering checkoff dollars. It is clear that the beef checkoff program operates best when it is run by producers and with the support of those throughout the beef industry.
Will be talking #Cuba policy on KTAR News' The Bruce St. James Show at 9:14 am #AZ time. Listen online at  http://ktar.com/streams/ktarfm.php
This week I was pleased to see the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act pass the U.S. Senate.  As a proud co-sponsor of this bill, I am encouraged by the many positive features it will provide for Nebraskans. This includes the ability to establish tax-free savings accounts for individuals with disabilities – which will help empower more Americans to plan for their families’ and our country’s future.  Giving people in need the right incentives to save for expenses on education, housing, health care and transportation is common sense and good policy and I look forward to seeing this bill signed into law. To learn more about the ABLE Act, please click on the link below:
Here I am inspecting the craftsmanship of this unmanned aircraft at this morning's event in Boulder City, Nevada.
I love you, Kay. Happy 55th wedding anniversary. Thank you for standing by my side and raising our family of 20 kids and grandkids.
Have a merry Christmas and happy holidays! From Senator Johnson and his staff.
I was extremely disappointed that the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act was blocked from passage this week in the Senate after it unanimously passed the House. The average suicide rate among veterans is a troubling 22 deaths each day, and the legislation would be instrumental in developing a VA system capable of offering first-rate mental health care services, as well as utilize the expertise of outside organizations to provide support for those struggling with the invisible wounds of war.   It is critical that the VA follow through on its commitment to our nation’s veterans – especially so families who have lost loved ones know the VA is committed to suicide prevention to care for others who served our country. There should be no excuse for the VA bureaucracy, push back and delays, or acceptance that this is just the way the VA system works. Veterans must have a VA that was designed and created to take care of them, otherwise, people’s lives are lost.       I will urge and sponsor reintroduction of this bill in the new Congress, and will keep working to find solutions and to hold the VA accountable when it comes to providing our nation’s veterans with the timely, high-quality and dedicated care they earned.
This morning, I was pleased to learn that the U.S. Department of Agriculture will not move forward with a new, separate beef checkoff. I believe that changes to the checkoff should be supported by producers, not forced upon them by the federal government. Cattle producers I visited with from across Kansas were loud and clear in their objections to USDA administratively creating a new checkoff.   Last month, I sent a letter to USDA expressing my concern that they were acting against the clear wishes of producers. I was concerned that creating a new checkoff would be duplicative and add administrative costs. Perhaps most importantly though, I felt that the concerns of Kansas cattle producers were being ignored. I appreciate that Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack ultimately listened to cattle producers from across the country who objected to this new checkoff.
So great to be home for the holidays! For the past several years the Senate has been in session right up to Christmas Eve so to have 5 full days to get the house decorated, do the shopping, attend various holiday festivities and just be with friends and family is a gift.  In our household, I am Santa, so to have time to make the holiday traditions happen is a real blessing.   Today I meet with our new Governor, attend my annual holiday lunch (this year in person rather than through a satellite feed from Washington, D.C.), help pass out gifts at the homeless shelter, ring bells for the Salvation Army, and then meet our boys at the airport tonight as they come home for the holidays. Our house and my heart will be full.    Today brings only 5 hours 26 minutes and 38 seconds of daylight but the promise of longer days is just around the corner. All we need now is a good snow report from Alyeska!   Happy holidays!
As Christmas and holiday parties get in full swing the next few days, I want to remind everyone to drink responsibly.  I’m sure we can all agree that we want Alaska’s roads to be safe for our friends and family.  Get a designated driver or find a safe ride while you’re out so we all can have a safe and happy holidays!
More photos from the Habitat for Humanity project today.
Always glad to join Habitat for Humanity volunteers on my birthday to help build dreams in Ohio.
I am pleased to announce my nominees for the U.S. Service Academies for the class entering the 2015 school year. These men and women are outstanding representatives of Kansas in every way, and I wish them all the best as they pursue their education and service to our nation. See if a young leader from your community will be applying to one of the academies: http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=ceaeeef2-bbeb-42e7-9a69-816deb5fff49
Good to see everyone in Barnwell and talk with the Southern Carolina Alliance and Barnwell Chamber of Commerce!
Cool to see the 100 year old cash register they still use everyday at CB Forrest and Son in Saluda. One of my most favorite things about serving the people of South Carolina is the opportunity to travel our state and meet so many folks across all 46 counties.
This week, representatives from my #Philly office spent time volunteering in the community. In partnership with The Veterans Group - Philadelphia, they delivered toys to 2nd graders at St. Veronica School, and on Tuesday they helped serve lunch at Sunday Breakfast Rescue Mission. I am proud to have a team so dedicated to serving our communities.
#PatsFacts: The American Legion Freedom Bell in front of Union Station in Washington, D.C. is a replica of a famous Pennsylvania symbol: the Liberty Bell.  The 2,080 lbs. Liberty Bell was made in London and hung in the Pennsylvania State House (now called Independence Hall) in 1753, but would have to be recast twice in Philly because it broke during testing. Inscribed with the excerpt from Leviticus 25:10 “Proclaim LIBERTY throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof,” it was first rung to celebrate our independence during the first public reading of the Declaration on July 8, 1776. To prevent it from being melted down into ammunition during the British occupation of Philly, it was hidden (along with several other bells) under the floorboards of Zion United Church of Christ in present day Allentown.  However, it was not until the 1830s that the bell would become a recognizable symbol of freedom when it was first referred to as the “Liberty Bell” by the abolitionist movement in publications.  Legend has it the bell’s signature crack was formed in 1835 when ringing on the death of Chief Justice John Marshall, and it would ring for the last time in celebration of Washington’s birthday in February 1846. http://bit.ly/patsfacts
