NA
A true honor to meet our nation's oldest female veteran, San Antonio resident Lucy Coffey, 108 years young. Lucy served as a sergeant in the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps in WWII and holds two Bronze Stars for service in the Pacific. Was pleased to join another hero, Sen. Bob Dole, in visiting with Lucy this morning as she toured our war memorials in Washington, an all-expenses-paid trip for her made possible by a number of persistent individuals, including a pair of retired Marines, Honor Flight Austin and American Airlines. There is no greater privilege than spending time with a hero like Lucy who embodies the spirit and honor of our Greatest Generation. May God bless her and keep her well.
NA
Today we learned that a native Nebraskan, Staff Sgt. Benjamin G. Prange of Hickman, was one of two U.S. Army soldiers killed in combat following a recent IED attack in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan. My thoughts, prayers, and deepest sympathies are with the family and loved ones of Staff Sgt. Prange during this difficult time. His ultimate sacrifice on behalf of our country is a solemn reminder to us all of the high price of freedom. I join all Nebraskans in honoring the memory of this brave American. We are forever indebted to Staff Sgt. Prange for his selfless service.
I urge Iowa 40plus institutions of higher ed to read 2day WStJournal abt what Pres Daniel of Purdue is doing to get more bang for $$HELPKIDS
Parents Governors Boards of Trustees shld read 2days WStJournal article abt PresDaniels effort to make  PurdueU more$$$$ value education
Israel military protects civilians/seeks to not harm noncombatants On contrary Hamas uses civilians as human shields as they go4 Israelis
Kicked off my weekend in Westmoreland this morning. Pottawatomie County residents attended and shared feedback on issues facing Kansas and the nation including EPA regulations, the lack of "regular order" in the Senate, the budget, immigration, and the need to pass VA reform legislation. The issues I focus on and the work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans during these town hall meetings.
It was great fun to be a judge, alongside renowned BBQ writer Steven Raichlen and Shane Moore from Spenard Roadhouse, at the AK Public Media "BBQ Salmon Cook-off" in Anchorage this evening.
Note to Secretary Jewell: Alaskans are not going to 'get over' the need for the life-saving King Cove road.  As I said directly to her in March, the road is non-negotiable.  The health and safety of the people of King Cove is non-negotiable.
Today's MUST-READ: Stopping police asset-forfeiture predators via Washington Times.   http://p.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jul/25/editorial-stopping-police-predators/ 
