My prayers are with the victims, their families, and the first responders impacted by the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Tx.
The FBI has released photos of the Boston bombing suspects. Please visit FBI.gov and Call 1-800-CALL-FBI if you have any information.
Dave Elswick is broadcasting from Washington today and we'll be joining his show in about 30 minutes. You can listen here.
We appreciate the willingness of our Chambers of Commerce to bring their support for our business community to Washington. Here we are with the Fort Smith Chamber of Commerce representatives.
Chambers of Commerce from across Arkansas are visiting as part of the 54th Annual Washington Fly-In. We are proud of their efforts to attract businesses to our state. It was great visiting with the Little Rock Chamber of Commerce earlier today.
NA
ICYMI: Yesterday, I passed the 3000 follower mark on Twitter. Are you following me on Twitter (@MikeCrapo)?
Great to be with Idahoans as I accepted the American Bar Association Justice Award for my work on the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).
Happy Tax Freedom Day: Americans have worked enough to pay their 2013 taxes, so now they are working for their families
Headed to West, Texas
Cornyn: Yesterday Was A Shameful Day:
VIDEO: Cornyn Addresses West Plant Explosion
Heading to Senate floor shortly to address tragedy in West, TX - you can watch here #PrayforWest
Ways To Help Those Affected By West Plant Explosion:
RedState: National Reciprocal Concealed-Carry is Doable:
Senators Cornyn, Cruz Issue Statement on Fertilizer Plant Explosion:
Question of Day: Will Sen. Reid pull the gun bill before allowing common sense enforcement and mental health amendments?
Prayers for families and those injured in West, Texas explosion
Federal Housing Finance Agency Acting Director Edward DeMarco today praised the “Jumpstart GSE Reform Act” at a Senate Banking Committee hearing. Senator Corker introduced the “Jumpstart GSE Reform Act” in March. He was joined in the effort by Banking Committee colleagues Mark Warner, David Vitter and Elizabeth Warren. In his prepared remarks, Acting Director DeMarco stated, “The first time I appeared before this Committee as Acting Director, Senator Corker asked me a question I couldn’t answer: how do we transition away from this mess to a better system. Over the past three-and-a-half years I have thought about that question. My prepared statement provides my answer. Our strategic plan for the Enterprise conservatorships and the specific plans in the 2013 scorecard set forth a transition path and FHFA’s efforts to-date to get that transition going.  But we can’t complete the transition until we know the final destination. And for that, the country needs Congress to give us that destination.  I am thankful for recent action by this Committee towards that end, particularly the budget resolution that prevents further use of g-fees to fund the government. And I am supportive of the bipartisan Jumpstart GSE Reform Act. Much remains to be done.” Read more: 1.usa.gov/ZAl1ys.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker is now participating in a Senate Banking Committee oversight hearing on the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/X2WtgF.
TUNE IN: At 9:30 a.m. ET today, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, will participate in a hearing on the president’s FY 2014 State Department budget request. The hearing will feature testimony from Secretary of State John Kerry. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/15i0zt3.
Senator Corker opposed Toomey-Manchin today saying it was overly burdensome and creates uncertainty.
Looking forward to speaking with Mark Levin tonight at 7:30 PM CT.   Hope you'll tune in or listen online: http://www.marklevinshow.com
Congressional leaders honored Dr. Muhammad Yunus with a Congressional Gold Medal in the U.S. Capitol yesterday. Dr. Yunus is well-known for his innovative and successful methods in combating global poverty, particularly microfinancing. I am truly inspired by Dr. Yunus’ work, and I had the honor of speaking his praise at the Ceremony. Find out more about what Dr. Yunus does: http://www.muhammadyunus.org/
Here are some details on gun votes that the Senate took yesterday.  Gun control advocates will continue seeking to chip away at the Second Amendment.  If you don’t want to be required to get the federal government’s approval to have a gun, then pay attention and stand up for your rights.
Though it was officially introduced very early Tuesday morning, today, the so-called “Gang of 8” introduced the immigration bill we’ve been working on for the past few months. Arizona has borne the brunt of the federal government’s unwillingness to secure our southern border, so I’m glad that this bill puts a priority on border security.  I’ve said this many times over the past few days: There is sure to be something in this legislation for everyone to criticize, but this bill represents a measure that can actually pass Congress and is a huge improvement over the status quo.  I look forward to this bill going through regular order at which time other Senators will have an opportunity to amend and improve it. There will be many more updates on the progress of this bill in this space in the weeks and months to come.
I appreciate the comments and input I receive from all Nebraskans on social media. As a reminder, below is the comment policy to keep in mind when posting to my official Facebook page:  I welcome your comments and hope that this official Facebook page will serve as a forum for civil discourse. Nebraskans appreciate the value of robust debate, but also understand the importance of respecting opposing view points. I expect all language and discussions to be polite, and request that all postings on this page remain free of profane, obscene, violent or racist language, suggestions of illegal or illicit activity, and advertisements or solicitations of any kind. Furthermore, I ask that all postings refrain from discussions of political campaigns as this is an official Senate page. I retain the right to remove offensive or abusive comments and/or block users who offend this policy.
Ty Woods was one of the brave Americans killed in the attack on our consulate in Benghazi.  Just minutes ago, I met with Charles Woods, his father, in my Washington office.    I assured him we have not forgotten about Benghazi and still continue to push for answers to our many unanswered questions.    Mr. Woods deserves to know what happened that night.  And he deserves to know you stand with him and the families of the other brave Americans who lost their lives.   Stay tuned, there is more to come.  I promise you -- we will get to the bottom of what happened in Benghazi.  Please show your support for Mr. Woods and the other families and SHARE this post.
I’ve always been confident if the Senate debated the Second Amendment, the Second Amendment would win.   Today we saw that President Obama’s politically-driven solutions to gun violence could not withstand scrutiny from Congress and the American people. Substance won out over the unsound solutions President Obama and others were pushing.   I’m very pleased the Senate took up, debated, and voted on gun violence legislation. I was always ready and willing to vote in support of what I believe.
Grassley, Cassidy Seek Answers from Georgia Hospital on Discount Drug Program
GAO Report on Caribbean Anti-drug Trafficking Programs
Grassley works to stop federal interference and restore state-level education decisions
Grassley proposes alternative gun bill
Thanks Senator Harry Reid, Rep Joe Heck, Congresswoman Dina Titus & Congressman Steven Horsford for joining me in offering help to end the VA backlog in Nevada.
 
 Read our letter here: http://1.usa.gov/ZunltS
Congratulations are in order for another one of my field representatives! Brian Hackler and his wife welcomed their son William this morning.
I'm getting a lot of questions about the Senate debate on gun violence. I was proud to cosponsor an amendment introduced by Judiciary Committee Ranking Republican Grassley, which earned bipartisan support in the Senate vote yesterday. It cracks down on attempts by felons to illegally purchase firearms, increases penalties for gun trafficking, requires the Department of Justice to explain its failure to prosecute gun cases, and improves the existing Criminal Background Check System. This amendment was supported by 52 Senators - a majority - but failed to pass under Senate rules.  I opposed the President's bill, which was fatally flawed. But I will continue to support efforts to deter and punish violent crime, and keep firearms out of the hands of the mentally unstable.
For real time information on the flooding & extreme weather in Illinois, visit http://www.illinois.gov/ready/Pages/default.aspx. Stay safe when traveling today.
We have been monitoring the storm and flooding situation throughout the state of Illinois.  The Director of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency, Jonathon Monken, and various other state and local officials have assured us that they are in communication with federal agencies that may be able to assist in their emergency response effort.  If more federal resources are needed, we stand ready with the rest of the Illinois Congressional Delegation to ensure that those resources are made available as quickly as possible.
In the face of terrorism Bostonians show their patriotism in this moving rendition of national the anthem.
The FBI has asked Americans for help with identifying these suspects.  Spread the word.
Many Americans in Boston and West, TX are suffering in the aftermath of unimaginable tragedies.  I join a nation that is united in prayer for those who have been affected.
NA
Today, Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced that air traffic controller furloughs – which start Sunday – will force delays at airports across the country. The Administration’s insistence on deliberately inconveniencing air travelers instead of prioritizing their safety falls right in line with its history of putting politics before common sense. The FAA’s recent action of delaying the 149 contract control tower closures indicates what we have known all along: the agency’s financial state is not as dire as initially projected. They do have flexibility when it comes to sequestration. Savings can and should be found elsewhere, and the Senate stands ready to work with them on a bipartisan basis to find a solution, but they refuse to come to the table. I am baffled by the Administration’s continued insistence on putting its top-line message – that we can’t cut a dime without severe consequences – before the safety and well-being of Americans.
Today, along with 13 bipartisan cosponsors, I introduced the Military Spouse Job Continuity Act. It reduces military families’ financial burdens due to relocation by offering a tax credit to military spouses who must renew or transfer professional licenses. Our men and women in uniform are only as strong as the families who support them. Military spouses deserve the opportunity to seamlessly transition employment and continue working in their licensed career fields when moving across state lines. To learn more, visit my website.
Today, I had the opportunity to question FAA Administrator Huerta on the Administration’s decision to disproportionately target FAA Contract Control Towers with sequestration cuts. Administrator Huerta said he did not have the authority to use unobligated funds to keep the towers open – authority my blocked amendment to the Continuing Resolution would have given him. I also asked him about statements he made on the importance of safety at such a busy airport during the 2010 groundbreaking for the stimulus-funded control tower at the Frederick Municipal Airport in Frederick, Md. – a control tower the FAA now targets for closure. This fight to keep control towers open and protect public safety is not over. In fact, my bill to do so - the Protect Our Skies Act - now has 32 bipartisan cosponsors.
Reading the dreadful news out of Texas tonight. My prayers are with all affected and with those working into the night to respond and provide aid.
I wanted to share my thought process with Alaskans on this week's gun legislation proposals.  Thank you to all Alaskans for being engaged on this issue and clearly communicating your concerns.
The Department of Energy claims it’s committed to ‘all of the above’ energy possibilities, but they are cutting innovative and unconventional fossil energy programs that could really help our economy and energy security. Alaskans want to see a commitment across the board on making the most of all the resources we have, from hydro to geothermal to gas and oil, and I asked the Department of Energy today why they are undercutting these critical efforts for jobs and energy security into the future.
Hats off and thanks on behalf of Alaskans to Brent Cunningham of Sitka, for his generosity and humanity in the middle of Monday's Boston nightmare. He gave his marathon medal to a woman in tears looking for her family. "She needed it more than I needed it." You make Alaska proud, Brent!
Unlike most states, Alaska has to keep watch over two borders - one over land with Canada and another the North Pacific with Russia. I thank the NOAA, State Dept, industry and Coast Guard officials who joined me today in a Maritime Boundary Line panel discussion aimed at educating Congress about boundary enforcement and fisheries abuse. It's such a critical team effort out there, and you were a great, informative team today as well!
NA
Proud to reintroduce my bipartisan Energy Efficiency bill that will create jobs & drive national strategy.
Introducing my daughter Ashleigh to President Reagan. #tbt
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of and first responders to the terrible explosion in West, Texas last night.    http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/04/18/waco-texas-plant-explosion/2092769/
Senator Rubio To Deliver Floor Speech On Immigration Reform At 3:30 P.M. WATCH HERE: http://1.usa.gov/15j8dDM
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Tough Border Security Triggers With Mark Levin: http://1.usa.gov/XIGN5K
NA
Questioning Labor nominee Thomas Perez in HELP Committee right now - you can watch here: http://www.help.senate.gov/hearings/hearing/?id=bd434d06-5056-a032-5249-a3facb9bfa31
I'm working with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and Rep. Scott Perry to add 45 more acres of the Gettysburg battlefield to the national park. This area includes the train station where President Lincoln came on his way to deliver the Gettysburg Address in 1863.
Kris and I are deeply saddened at the terrible explosion in West, Texas. We send our prayers to those injured, to those who have lost loved ones, and for the first responders.
An inspiring story to start your day:
Enjoyed my conversation on The JT Show today about my vote to affirm 2nd Amendment rights. Listen here: http://podcast.supertalk.fm/stmrn2/3955884.mp3 …
