Senator Ayotte was in Manchester today visiting Autodesk, one of New Hampshire's premier high-tech companies, where she met with Autodesk executives and employees and learned about the exciting work they are doing.
Last week, I toured 9 facilities across Missouri to learn more from our health care professionals and community leaders about the ways that we treat mental health challenges. This is an important issue, and I’ll keep fighting to ensure everyone – including our veterans, active duty military, and families – has access to timely, quality care.
There’s no doubt the president’s energy policies will destroy jobs and hurt the very people who can’t afford to pay more at the pump or to heat and cool their homes. I will fight the president and his administration every step of the way to stop this unprecedented power grab and protect Missourians, who rely on coal for 80 percent of our state’s energy.  
The U.S. Chamber figures President Obama’s energy regulations (announced today) will cost 200K+ jobs each year. Congress rejected the President’s plan several years ago, but he’s continuing on a similar costly path. Read my statement on the proposal.
I support policies that balance a healthy environment with a healthy economy.  The President’s extreme anti-coal regulations will force many hardworking Americans to lose their jobs and cause energy bills to skyrocket. At a time when Americans are already struggling to pay their bills, these costly regulations are the last thing we need.
Today the Environmental Protection Agency announced that it is proposing new rules on fossil fuel power plants. Yet again, President Obama is trying to circumvent Congress to implement policies that the elected representatives of the American people have rejected. The EPA’s proposed rules amount to a backdoor energy tax that will damage Indiana’s economy and hike electric bills for all Hoosiers. To date, the utility industry has spent tens of billions in capital investment for air pollution controls resulting in significant declines in emissions. Our state is highly reliant on coal power plants, which provide Hoosiers with good jobs and some of the most affordable, reliable electricity in the nation. By supporting these regulations, the president is putting our economic well-being, grid reliability and American jobs at risk.
Congratulations to the University of Southern Indiana men's baseball team on winning the Division II national title this weekend
NA
I was honored to present Theresa Hart of Post Falls with the Spirit of Idaho Award during a ceremony in Coeur d’Alene this weekend for her willingness to go above and beyond to lend a helping hand to Idaho’s servicemen and women.  Hart tragically lost her son, Nick Newby, to an I.E.D explosion in Iraq in 2007.  Since then, she has founded a service program named in her son’s honor.  “Newby-Ginnings” assists active military, veterans and Gold Star families with whatever they can.  The organization has supplied dozens of military families  with everything from new appliances to clothing, even money for gas.  Theresa’s spirit of service and ultimate decision to transform a tragedy into meaningful service is truly inspiring.
Senator Collins spoke with students from Poland Regional High School via Skype this afternoon about the many important issues facing our country.
Cornyn: New EPA Rule Targets Texas Consumers and Job Creators:
The new EPA rules announced by the Obama Administration will cripple the coal industry and deprive Americans from jobs, whether they are employed by coal mines or related power plants, or employed in energy dependent business such as manufacturing or technology businesses.  These rules will not only drive up electric bills, but also threaten the reliability of the nation's electric grid and make it harder for American manufactures to compete in the world market.    Once again, President Obama is more concerned with the desires of billionaire campaign contributors and placating extremist special interests than helping American workers and families escape the failed Obama economy.   The legislation I introduced earlier this year, the American Energy Renaissance Act would specifically halt these job-killing regulations and encourage the creation of good-paying energy jobs.
Today’s #SCOTUS ruling in Bond v. United States is an important victory for federalism.  For the tenth time since January 2012, the Court unanimously rejected the Obama Administration’s argument for increased federal power.  The Court held that the statute implementing the Chemical Weapons Convention treaty cannot be interpreted to cover local criminal conduct, a power which our Constitution reserves to the States.  As the Framers wisely understood when they ratified the Tenth Amendment, the division of power between the States and the federal government is essential to the preservation of liberty.    I applaud the Court for unanimously enforcing this limit on federal power.
Hope you'll take a moment to read and SHARE my op-ed on the Senate Democrats' promise to vote this year on a constitutional amendment to expressly repeal the free-speech protections of the First Amendment.  The First Amendment has served America well for 223 years. When Democrats tried something similar in 1997, Sen. Ted Kennedy was right to say: "In the entire history of the Constitution, we have never amended the Bill of Rights, and now is no time to start."
It’s no secret that President Obama is not a fan of coal. He’s been targeting it with red tape and regulations his entire presidency. That may benefit people who have a hard time producing ample low-cost energy without government help. The president’s supporters like it when he goes around the representatives of people who may not share their views, but it’s not going to improve the environment much. People will pay more for electricity and the economy will suffer so the president can increase his popularity with people who already favor his policies.
As sure as night follows day, these five Taliban will not only return to the battlefield they will again become Taliban leaders.  
US manufacturing returning slowly. Chinese labor costs up We hv cheaper natural gas Incude shipping&inventory we compete Germans 2xUS nrg$$
NA
I'll be joining FOX News' Megan Kelly tonight at 9PM Eastern to discuss Sgt. Bergdahl's release and the President's decision to exchange five senior Taliban leaders held in Gitmo. I'll also be discussing the Obama Administration's climate rule announced today that will regulate existing power plants.
Today the Obama Administration announced a new climate regulation on existing power plants that will cost Americans up to $51 billion in lost economic activity and 224,000 lost jobs per year. While the President touts the regulation's flexibilities, it will ultimately result in cap-and-trade through regulation, one of the largest tax hikes that the American people have rejected for over a decade. The President this weekend stated this rule is about Americans' health. But by EPA’s own admission, greenhouse gases "do not cause direct adverse health effects such as respiratory or toxic effects," rendering their claims that this rule is about pollution reduction nil and void.  This rule is all about pushing a green agenda that has been dreamed up by the environmentalist community for decades.  USA Today ran my op-ed this weekend discussing the new regulation. I hope you will take a moment to read it here: http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2014/05/31/jim-inhofe-climate-change/9732121/
Senator Johnson last Friday on Fox News Channel's  The Kelly File.
The Administration should not send $440 million in aid this year to a Palestinian Authority that includes Hamas, which has killed 26 Americans. Senator Marco Rubio and I urged President Obama to halt and review aid following Fatah-Hamas agreement.
The president’s new #EPA regulations are just more crony capitalism - twisting government policy to transfer wealth and opportunity from working families and small businesses to well-connected corporations and special interests. These expensive new mandates will serve only to drive up the cost of basic necessities, like food and electricity, and create instability and vulnerability in our electric grid, while having little or no global environmental benefit.
Providing for the national defense is a power that rightly belongs with the federal government, and we as a nation need to come together to correct the shortcomings at the Department of Veterans Affairs.  In light of these shortcomings, I am hopeful that Congress will engage in a robust and open debate on how we can reform the system designed to take care of our veterans in a way that gives those who have fought on our behalf and their families the support they need.  I have already cosponsored a bill that was introduced by Senator Marco Rubio that would bring greater accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs, and I look forward finding other ways that I can add the voice of Utah's veterans to this debate.
The proposed EPA rule released today, crafted without the input of Congress, amounts to a national energy tax that will threaten economic growth, destroy jobs, and lead to higher energy costs for Kansas families and businesses. Kansas would be especially hurt because more than 60 percent of our state’s electricity production comes from coal. At a time when our country is making progress in regaining manufacturing jobs from abroad, these regulations will again send jobs out of the United States. Washington should focus on common-sense policies to make energy cleaner and more affordable rather than more red tape and harmful regulations. This Administration continues to ignore the impact a rule like this has on average Americans.
On Friday I visited St. Catherine Hospital in Garden City. St. Catherine is a 132-bed acute care hospital that has recently made significant patient service expansions. The has hospital announced the initiation of a new minor emergency/urgent care service called Fast Track. The facility aims to improve service quality for patients arriving in the emergency department with non-critical injuries and illnesses. This effort is part of a larger critical care project that will also include a complete renovation of the hospital’s emergency department. Here I am pictured with Cath Lab Supervisor Doug Landgraf and Urologist Dr. Ron Catanese.
I was glad to see the much-needed rainfall across Kansas yesterday. It will provide some relief for Kansas farmers and ranchers who are facing a severe drought. Here are the totals according to KAKE-TV.
Tsunami debris, fisheries management and Arctic mapping.  I thank my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee for supporting Alaska's world class waters and our Arctic future in the 2015 Commerce, Justice and Science funding bill.
Everything's bigger in Alaska -- including our 'Thank You's.  On the Kenai yesterday, Central Peninsula communities held a huge appreciation BBQ for the firefighters who tirelessly protected life and property.
For the past several years, I have been a volunteer for a group called Team River Runner that helps wounded warriors by getting them engaged in whitewater kayaking. I have seen the positive impact on self-esteem and confidence for some of our men and women who sustained injuries serving all of us. It is also a great support group and a fun activity for many veterans who are not able to engage in other kinds of sports because of their injuries.  Yesterday, I had another great day kayaking on the Potomac River with Team River Runner. One of my jobs yesterday was to help guide a blind veteran through whitewater rapids on the river. I've done this before with him. It is both a lot of responsibility and an uplifting experience. Like last time, I came away amazed by his courage and positive attitude.  Yesterday, at the suggestion of one of the veterans, I did something different: I blindfolded myself for about 20 minutes and experienced firsthand what it's like to paddle on a river relying on someone else to tell me what to expect.  My guide was a double amputee who was hit by a roadside bomb in Iraq. I have paddled with him before and have seen his character when he went over in a white water rapid and could not roll back up and had to be rescued. I was the first one to get to him that day and was less worried when I saw the smile on his face. He likes adventure. He now wants to become a guide for blind veterans, so he practiced on me.  Paddling with these guys, watching how they are coping with the visible and sometimes invisible injuries of war, and hearing their stories, is inspiring.  We all owe them a debt of gratitude. Team River Runners (www.teamriverrunner.org) is one way to help pay back a special group of veterans.
"The Veterans Health Administration Really Does Offer 'Lessons' in 'Socialized Medicine'" via Reason.   MUST-READ Article: http://reason.com/blog/2014/05/20/veterans-administration-socialized-meds
The EPA's latest assault on our economy will destroy jobs in Kentucky and across the country, and will hurt middle class families by hiking their utility bills and straining their budgets.  President Obama's excessive rule is an illegal use of executive power and I will force a vote to repeal it.  READ my entire statement: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1168
Today’s announcement of more draconian EPA regulations from the Obama Administration threatens not only our nation’s stated goal of energy independence, but every middle class family struggling to make ends meet. I’ll use every legislative tool to fight this shortsighted proposal, including supporting legislation to prevent the EPA from finalizing this rule, and limiting funding through the appropriations process.   Read more here: http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=cddccdfd-361b-42f8-aded-eeb899ab1591
Rubio, Kirk Call On Administration To Halt U.S. Aid To Palestinian Authority: http://1.usa.gov/1oP1rQa  “Israel has gone to great lengths in recent months to negotiate in good faith with the Palestinian Authority, but President Abbas’ announcement earlier today of a Hamas-backed Palestinian transitional government makes clear once again that Israel does not have a viable partner for peace.   “The United States has given more than $5 billion to the Palestinians over the last several decades. U.S. assistance to the Palestinians has played an important role in helping to ensure Israel’s security and promoting stability in Palestinian controlled areas. Current U.S. law is clear – any government over which an unreformed Hamas exercises undue influence and which emerges from a Fatah/Hamas deal is not an appropriate recipient of U.S. assistance. The naming of a technocratic slate of ministers by President Abbas seems to be an attempted end run around these obligations.     “Hamas remains a terrorist group that has killed Americans. Its leaders continue to refuse to accept Israel’s right to exist. One month ago, we wrote to Secretary of State Kerry and urged him to state clearly the U.S. position regarding assistance to a power-sharing government backed by Hamas. We have yet to receive an answer. Now that the President Abbas has announced the new government, consistent with existing U.S. law, we believe that U.S. assistance should be halted and reviewed. Unless Hamas publicly accepts Israel’s right to exist and ceases its support for terrorism, U.S. aid should be suspended to any Palestinian government over which Hamas exercises influence.   “The administration's initial reaction to continue aid is outrageous and runs counter to existing law. We call on the Obama administration to enforce the law. U.S. credibility as well as Israel’s security are at stake.” 
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses VA Reform, Taliban Prisoner Release & Proposed EPA Rules: http://1.usa.gov/1u9kqVs  RUBIO ON VA REFORM: “I think the most important thing we can do right now, immediately, is bring some level of accountability to the VA. Right now, the VA Secretary or the new secretary, whenever we have one in place, if you identify some sort of senior executive who isn’t doing their job – say running a VA hospital – you can’t fire them. You have no power to go in and just fire them.”   RUBIO ON TALIBAN PRISONER RELEASE: “I think this has set a tremendously dangerous precedent in terms of now motivating more Americans to be targeted because the notion that: If you get your hands on an American, you can get yourself five prisoners out of Guantanamo. And beyond it, I think that, as I said, you are returning to the battlefield extremely dangerous people at perhaps the worst possible time as the President announces that the U.S. is scaling back in Afghanistan and eventually withdrawing completely. We’re pulling out, and at the same time as we’re putting in more Taliban fighters.”   RUBIO ON JOB-KILLING EPA RULES: “What they don’t understand, or seem to want to ignore is that the largest contributors of carbon to the atmosphere today are developing countries like China and India. … Americans are going to pay a terrible price for these sorts of unilateral executive actions the President is taking on energy.” 
NA
Sen. Sessions spoke on the Senate floor earlier today about the EPA’s dramatic new anti-energy regulations:
NA
Terrific company at Johnstown's Showcase for Commerce. #USMC #SemperFi
Hearing first-hand from firefighters about their needs and concerns helps me play the best role I can to help in Washington.
Firefighters risk their lives everyday for our safety. The least we can do is ensure they have the resources they need. I'm proud to have introduced several bills to support them and improve fire safety overall. Thanks to chiefs from #Allentown, #Easton & #Bethlehem fire departments for joining me and Lehigh Valley leaders this morning!
The war on coal continues. New #EPA, same old bad ideas: http://ow.ly/xxvAh. The job-killing goes on.  
This morning, I met with #Allentown, #Easton & #Bethlehem fire chiefs & #LHV leaders to discuss my efforts to enhance safety and resources for PA firefighters. Thank you for all that you do!
Wicker Report | This year’s NDAA still has to be approved by the full Senate, but its Committee passage represents significant progress in creating a blueprint for America’s defense spending. With top-notch Air Force bases and versatile National Guard units, Mississippi continues to do its part in keeping our military strong. Although the reality of sequestration’s defense cuts remains a challenge, there is bipartisan agreement that America’s readiness and security must be prioritized.
