Today I'll participate in law enforcement listening sessions in Kansas City, St. Louis, St. Joseph, and Jefferson City. I hope to learn more from Missouri's state and local law enforcement officials about their policies, resources, and challenges. 
My dad, grandpa and great uncle were members of the 142nd Fires Brigade Charlie Battery during their military careers. I enjoyed sharing my family’s memorabilia during the Charlie Battery reunion this weekend in Ozark. It was great visiting with Arkansas National Guard commander MG Wofford and visiting with former commanders, members and families of Charlie Battery.
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from Joann in Jonesboro "Is Ebola something we should be worried about in the US? What can we do to help fight this epidemic?"
Enjoyed my recent visit with 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th grade students at St. Anthony Tri-Parish Catholic School in Casper
The same White House that said al-Qaeda was decimated is now trying to blame the intelligence community for its own policy failures in Syria and Iraq. Harry Truman famously had a plaque on his desk that said, "the buck stops here," a reference to the president’s role in making decisions and accepting responsibility for them. Shifting blame and shirking responsibility is not presidential or beneficial to the American people.
This week a member of my staff will visit Washington, Putnam, Pulaski, Randolph, Warren, and DeKalb counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Tuesday, September 30  Washington County 9:00am-11:00am ET Salem City Hall 201 E Market St, Salem, IN  Putnam County 12:00pm-1:00pm ET Putnam County Library 103 E Poplar St, Greencastle, IN  Pulaski County  2:00pm-4:00pm ET Frances Salem Township Pubic Library 201 W Montgomery St, Francesville, IN  Wednesday, October 1  Randolph County 9:30am-11:30am ET Winchester Community Library 125 N East St, Winchester, IN  Warren County 10:00am – 12:00pm ET West Lebanon-Pike Township Public Library 200 N High St, West Lebanon, IN  Friday, October 3  DeKalb County  1:00pm-3:30pm ET Eckhart Public Library 603 S Jackson St, Auburn, IN
NA
At Dallas' Mosaic House, a shelter for victims of trafficking and domestic violence, discussing the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, bipartisan legislation to boost resources for those on the front lines working to stop human trafficking and provide assistance to victims. Pleased to be joined by the Dallas Police Department and Melissa Woodward, a courageous woman who was sold into trafficking as a child and who has survived and is courageously sharing her story to help other survivors.
NA
NA
NA
Enjoyed being downtown today for the Ironman. Congratulations to all of the amazing athletes who competed. #IMChattanooga
U.S. leaders should not fall into the trap of blindly assuming that just because our enemy Iran hates our enemy ISIL, it means that Iran is now our friend.  We would do much more to defend the national security interests of the United States by seeking common cause with our real allies in the region than by pursuing some misguided and dangerous attempt at détente with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Partnering with Iran to destroy ISIS would be a historic mistake.
The problem with myths is that they go around the world twice while the truth is getting its tennis shoes on. I was pleased to attend an affordable energy rally in Gillette last week, where I called on folks to speak out against the outdated myths that portray coal as a bad energy source for America. 
KHAAAAAAAAAN you believe this?
Still much more to be done, but confronting whistleblower retaliation is a good step toward a culture change at the #VA
I’m fortunate to have a hardworking staff member based in Norfolk to help me serve northeast Nebraska. As your U.S. senator, I’m dedicated to ensuring that all Nebraskans have access to me and my staff so that we can receive your feedback and offer our assistance with problems related to the federal government. 
Whether you live in rural areas or urban centers with outdated infrastructure, dependable modern communications is a necessity. Unfortunately, call completion issues persist, impacting Nebraskans across the state. The Federal Communications Commission needs to follow through on its order to address the concerns raised by rural Americans and improve telephone service quality and reliability for all Americans.
Increasing evidence suggests that the Army Corps of Engineers’ ongoing and costly construction projects to preserve endangered species may not actually be achieving its goals. It makes no sense to forge ahead, burning through taxpayer dollars, without proof the fed strategy is working. U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and I sent a letter to Army Corps asking them to explain their heavy-handed actions. 
Just had tour and info on world's largest3D printer at UNI CedarValley Techworks in Waterloo It is all abt"advanced manufacturing"
“Minot Air Force Base plays an important role in our nation’s defense, and we want it to continue to play that role well into the future. This runway project is just one of the multiple projects that we worked to secure funding for that will help our men and women in uniform at Minot to fulfill their missions now and for years to come.”
This morning I joined KFAQ’s The Pat Campbell Show to discuss the latest headlines, including the President’s airstrikes in Syria, the beheading in Moore, and the recent U.N. Climate Summit: http://www.1170kfaq.com/podcasts/patcampbell/277430121.html
This past weekend, Sen. Johnson held the first in a series of strategic planning sessions with local business leaders to discuss how to expand the American economy and strengthen the middle class. The first session was in Eau Claire.
Here is another submission for my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.  This is Doug Williams, Msgt. USAF.  He served for 31 years.  This picture was taken years ago during a training exercise in the Wendover desert.
Nelson, Madison counties added to Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area WHAS11 Monday September 29, 2014 http://www.whas11.com/community/blogs/political-blog/Nelson-Madison-counties-added-to-Appalachia-High-Intensity-Drug-Trafficking-Area-277502121.html  The Office of National Drug Control added Nelson and Madison counties to the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area.  Mitch McConnell pushed for those counties in August.  The program provides agencies with coordination, equipment, technology, and additional resources to combat drug production and trafficking.    “A HIDTA designation allows us to efficiently leverage federal resources along with those of state and local partners to directly benefit particularly hard-hit counties such as Nelson and Madison,” McConnell said.
‘’Senator McConnell has consistently championed the efforts of drug enforcement in Kentucky in their efforts to fight the ravages of drugs in our communities. This would not have happened but for him,” said Frank Rapier, Executive Director Appalachia HIDTA and 49 year law enforcement veteran.
Alaska's fisheries mean a healthy culture and a robust economy.  Today I spoke with the Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute about all the threats to our waters: Russian harvested inferior pollock being passed off as "Alaska pollock," the unilateral Obama attempt to block off thousands of square miles of the Pacific, and false third party attempts to call our sustainability into question.  I want all of our children to have an optimistic view of our fisheries' future.
Want to thank members of the Anchorage press corps for coming out to listen to my DC update, talk ISIS and my recent work on lowering energy costs nationwide.
I'm always talking about how America needs an 'all of the above' energy policy, and boasting about Alaskan innovations. Kudos to Igiugig for finding local solutions to rural Alaska's high energy prices. Hydro power is the ultimate renewable energy resource and responsible development can bring lower-cost power to remote communities without harming fish.
Took part in the Cleveland Clinic cancer expansion groundbreaking earlier today and met Brendan, who is being treated by impressive Clinic team.
Rubio Comments On Protests In Hong Kong: http://1.usa.gov/1u6uZtK  “The people of Hong Kong want nothing more than what those in free countries around the globe have: the right to peacefully assemble, speak freely and choose their own leaders. The protesters have taken to the streets peacefully, with nothing more than umbrellas in hand. The security forces use tear gas and threaten greater force. They use police investigative powers to intimidate free press and those who support rights of free association. Meanwhile, the government in Beijing censors news and information about developments in Hong Kong to those on the mainland, going so far as to block social media sites such as Instagram.     “I wrote Secretary of State Kerry two weeks ago urging him to forcefully speak out on behalf of the citizens of Hong Kong. We must make clear that any violence against peaceful protesters will have significant consequences for U.S.-China relations. That is why I am disheartened that our Consulate General in Hong Kong would say that the U.S. does ‘not take sides in the discussion of Hong Kong’s political development.’   “America absolutely takes sides when confronted with right and wrong. It is longstanding U.S. policy, enshrined in the Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992, to support democratization in Hong Kong and to support the human rights of the people of Hong Kong.   “America should be on the side of those in the street peacefully protesting for their fundamental freedoms. I again call on the Obama administration to make clear to China that it must abide by its international commitments regarding Hong Kong’s status and allow direct elections of Hong Kong’s chief executive.” 
I am proud to welcome top cancer researchers Smita and Ravi Bhatia to the exceptional team at the UAB - The University of Alabama at Birmingham.
I was honored to attend a celebration party on Friday night for a wonderful little girl, Lilly Campbell Frances Smith, who was recently adopted by 2 wonderful South Carolinians. She enjoyed her Louis Vuitton cake. Yes, that's a cake!
Get all the info on the Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) at our webinar on October 14th. Learn if your fire department is eligible and how to apply! http://1.usa.gov/1wRrpDs
Last Friday, I had a great visit to Neumann University in Aston, Delaware County.  My thanks to university president, Dr. Rosalie Mirenda and other campus leaders for taking the time to meet with me!
Avectus Healthcare Solutions is adding 50 new jobs in Corinth. #MSWorks 
Wicker Report | I intend to press forward in the fight against muscular dystrophy. I joined this battle 13 years ago when a fellow Mississippian told me about his son’s diagnosis with Duchenne. Daunting challenges remain; however, the gains we have made hold the promise of even greater breakthroughs to come and, one day, a cure.
