IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: At the Faithful Men’s Banquet this weekend in Powell, Tenn., Sen. Alexander played “Amazing Grace” before keynote speaker, Dr. Ben Carson, took the stage. http://bit.ly/1hoj6r3
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In Sen. Alexander’s column titled, “Fighting Harry Reid to Give Tennesseans a Voice,” sent to weekly newspapers in Tennessee last week, he wrote: “Tennesseans didn't send me to Washington to rubber-stamp the majority leader's ideas -- not this majority leader or any majority leader. Tennesseans sent me here to represent them and to advocate their point of view and to give them a say on Obamacare, on balancing the budget, on growing the economy so the unemployed can find jobs, and so on … We should be debating the major issues facing our country; instead, the Senate is a one-man show, orchestrated by the White House.”   Follow this link to read more on Alexander’s fight to give Tennesseans a voice: http://1.usa.gov/1cWpSQc 
The Obama Administration has been unlawfully targeting family farms. Read the blog post to see how we are making progress in stopping this abuse.
Right now, I'm heading to New Albany as part of my statewide tour to talk with Hoosiers about The Indiana Way – my 10-point legislative plan for the year. I kicked off my tour in Indianapolis earlier this week and visited with Hoosiers in Fort Wayne, South Bend, Valparaiso, Lafayette, Terre Haute, and Evansville. It has been a great road trip so far, and I've been encouraged by the turnout and response from Hoosiers. I cannot emphasize enough the importance of your feedback to help me take YOUR ideas back to Washington and better represent the people of Indiana. In fact, that's how The Indiana Way was created. I have been gathering stories, ideas and input from Hoosiers across the state on ways to address some of the problems facing our communities, state and country. The Indiana Way is based on the input and responses I have received from you. I want to continue to get your feedback and your ideas for better policies. So take a moment to visit my website and let me know what’s on your mind. How are Washington’s policies are affecting you, your family, or your job? Send me your input: http://www.coats.senate.gov/indianainput/
Senator Coats discusses The Indiana Way, a 10-point legislative agenda for 2014 based on ideas from Hoosiers, in the lobby of the Evansville Federal Building.
Senator Coats discusses The Indiana Way, a 10-point legislative agenda for 2014 based on ideas from Hoosiers, in New Albany.
NA
NA
It was -18 with the wind chill in Terre Haute this morning, but that didn't stop Hoosiers from coming to discuss the Indiana Way.
NA
Senator Jim Risch and I are co-sponsoring legislation to expand gun rights of law-abiding citizens in states like Idaho.  The Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2014 will allow an individual permitted or entitled by their state of residence to carry a concealed firearm the right to maintain that concealed carry in any other state that allows or does not prohibit the practice.  In addition, concealed carry permits will be treated like drivers’ licenses, in that an individual will not have to obtain a separate permit for each state.  This bill protects state sovereignty and does not establish national standards for a concealed carry, nor does it veto laws in those states that prohibit concealed carry permits. 
Thanks to all those who made the trip to Washington, D.C., for the March For Life rally on the National Mall.  Forty-one years after the controversial Roe v. Wade decision by the U.S. Supreme Court, I am proud to stand for life in the U.S. Senate.  Every life deserves protection and my thoughts have been with all of those participating in the rally today.  We must remember the words of Thomas Jefferson, “The care of human life and happiness and not their destruction is the first and only legitimate object of good government.
NA
NA
Had the opportunity to speak with members of the American Shale & Manufacturing Partnership about creating jobs in the energy sector.
NA
Over the past few days, at least three members of the political opposition have been either shot or beaten to death by forces under the control of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych for protesting his new restrictions on the freedoms of speech and assembly that had previously been guaranteed by their country's constitution.   The tragic loss of life in Kiev is a further demonstration that Yanukovych has abandoned the democratic principles on which that constitution is founded. Deplorable violence against the peaceful protests of Yanukovych’s unilateral decision to reject a popular trade agreement with the European Union and instead embrace closer ties with Vladimir Putin’s Russia has already occurred on November 30, December 1 and December 11, 2013. Now this grim pattern is repeating itself.   The United States must not turn a blind eye to the struggle for freedom in a country where we have such a clear strategic interest. Putin’s proposed Eurasian Customs Union, of which Ukraine would be a cornerstone, is a thinly veiled attempt to re-assimilate the territory of "greater Russia" that made up the old Soviet Union. His offer of economic assistance is a first step in binding Ukraine to this new bloc. Given Ukraine’s economic and security significance to both the U.S. and our NATO allies in western Europe it would be a mistake to allow this expansion of Russia’s sphere of interest, especially given the tenacity with which Ukrainians have fought against it in recent months.   The President and Congress should unite in a coherent and sustained program to support the opposition and encourage Yanukovych to both rescind his restrictions on the rights of the Ukrainian people and renounce violence against those engaged in protest. I was pleased to co-sponsor Senate Resolution 319 introduced by Senator Chris Murphy on December 12, 2013, which includes the important clause: “in the event of further state violence against peaceful protestors, the President and Congress should consider whether to apply targeted sanctions, including visa bans and asset freezes, against individuals responsible for ordering or carrying out the violence.” The Department of State should be commended for implementing visa bans against Ukrainian officials this week. We should follow-up swiftly with targeted economic sanctions as well, including freezing the assets of those responsible for the violence.   The people of Ukraine should know that the United States stands with them during this difficult time.
Will the President act to ensure that the privacy of law-abiding citizens is protected from unjustifiable violations by arms of the federal government such as the NSA, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Internal Revenue Service, and Department of Health and Human Services?
The machinery of government shouldn’t be used against the citizenry or the President’s perceived political opponents. #IRS 
The IRS should not be targeting the political free speech of American citizens. SHARE if you agree! 
The IRS is promulgating new rules that would silence the same groups it illegally targeted. Speak out against it:
#TrickleDownLawlessness: Virginia Attorney General sees law he doesn't like, so he decides not to enforce it:
Meeting with Mohave County Supervisors @Hildy Angius and Steve Moss in Kingman. #DayInTheLife
Meeting with Mayor Watson and Kingman City Council @CityofKingman #DayInTheLife
Meeting with Bullhead City Mayor Jack Hakim and Community Leaders  @Bullheadinfo #DayInTheLife
Big thanks to Mohave County Supervisor Buster Johnson for schlepping us around all morning #DayInTheLife
Luncheon Hosted by  Lake Havasu Chamber of Commerce: @HavasuChamber. #DayInTheLife
Briefing and Tour of Mark Wilmer Pumping Plant Central Arizona Project: @CAPArizona. #DayInTheLife
Arriving in Lake Havasu City #DayInTheLife
Had a great meeting yesterday afternoon with the Empowerment Network and other community stakeholders regarding economic development in North Omaha.
I had a great time at the Laurens Rotary Club today. Congress needs the Rotary Club's 4-Way Test.
WashPost’s Chris Cillizza spells out why Iowa rules: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/01/23/why-iowa-rules-in-10-steps/
Senator Grassley joined a bipartisan group of Senators in sending a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy urging the agency to make changes to its proposed reduction in the Renewable Fuel Standard. More information and a copy of the letter can be found here: 
Senator Grassley is attending Hearing in the Heartland: Supporting the Renewable Fuel Standard, hosted by Gov. Branstad and Lt. Gov. Reynolds, today to continue his support of the RFS. Read his remarks here: 
Big Oil wins if EPA doesn't change proposed RFS-ethanol rule.  Public hearing today in DSM. I'll b there at 3pm w Gov Branstad
Met w/ employees-Health Enterprises-Cedar Rapids-Saw how bulk buying helps co-op save $$ 4 hospitals&give patients cost effective hlth care
Important commitment of Pro-Life community on strong display w/March 2day in Wash DC
Great to be with students and school officials at Century Elementary in Grand Forks today to talk about new, permanent flexibility in school lunch programs. Read more here: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=79598bc4-89b0-485e-be23-7ea68fb58e23
Just left Afghanistan, visiting our troops who are faithfully serving our country. I look forward to returning and sharing more pictures and details of my trip to the region.
One year later, it makes a difference.
One year later, it makes a difference.
I spoke with Alain Locke Charter students today about the benefits of year-round schooling on academic performance. My legislation promotes a year-round school pilot program to boost achievement in low-income, low-performing schools.
 
 Learn More: http://1.usa.gov/1jqROUJ
Fareed Zakaria: #Iran's nuke demand "strikes me as a train wreck." 
 
 Keep diplomacy on track: http://bit.ly/NWFA2013
I was pleased to see that critical military retirement benefits were restored with the passage of the Omnibus Appropriations Bill last week. The Omnibus corrected reductions irresponsibly included in the Budget Act of 2013. Unfortunately, this measure does not protect all veterans and their families from a decreased cost-of-living (COLA) benefit. Along with 20 of my Senate Colleagues, I’m sponsoring legislation — Keeping Our Promise to Our Military Heroes Act (S. 1869) — to restore the benefits to military retirees that were reduced in the budget deal. We must continue to work on behalf of our retired service members who were promised these benefits.
This week, I enjoyed visiting with Kansas State Farm Insurance agents about several legislative attempts pending in Congress that would more appropriately regulate the insurance industry. Thanks to State Farm Public Affairs Specialist Tamara O’Conner for the invitation to meet with the agents.
America’s veterans have fought tyrants and terrorists to keep our country safe and secure. Yet even after they return home from war, veterans continue to fight battles. As of November 2013, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that 241,000 veterans of post-9/11 wars were out of work. This month, the tech industry is working with Monster Worldwide and the Northern Virginia Technology Council to help end veteran unemployment. Their partnership, USTechVets.org, is an online community that aims to be the largest collection of veteran job candidates and technology industry jobs. Learn more about this unique partnership via the link below.
This is just one example of a growing problem across federal agencies. As more and more data is stored and transferred electronically, government must prioritize the security of your personal information.
This is definitely a first: my own coffee recipe! The teens at My House developed a special coffee for my visit today. My House is a non-profit organization that provides training and services for homeless youth in the valley.  What a kind gesture - and tasty too! For more information, look them up: http://myhousematsu.org/
NOAA started a month-long comment period on sealife sound impacts over the holidays when most Alaskans rightly had their mind and focus on personal time w/family and friends. After I pushed NOAA to extend the period to allow for more input – and better science – today they gave us an extra 45 days.
As I've been busy around Alaska, I've shared my thoughts about Beth Kertulla's recent Stanford announcement with many of you -- My friend Beth is moving to an exciting opportunity for her professionally and personally.  I so appreciate all she, and her family, have contributed to the great state we love.
Every time I'm home, I try to get to as many schools as possible and connect with young Alaskans.   Thanks to Wasilla Lake Christian School for the friendly welcome today, great questions ... and the chance to remind high school age students about my summer intern program!
Was great to visit with KSRM's Duane Bannock yesterday on the Kenai Peninsula airwaves!  Thanks for having me on the show!
I am pushing Senate to take up bill to reverse cuts to military retiree pay, as was promised during budget debate. See my bill to do it here: 
Around Kentucky
Looking ahead to the President's State of the Union Address: What would you like him to discuss? Kansans want answers on Benghazi. Here is my speech on the Senate floor requesting the President to set the record straight at the State of the Union. 
Senator Rubio Begins Official Visit to South Korea: http://1.usa.gov/1dRO2BF
 
 Pictured below: Rubio gets briefed at the DMZ by Colonel James Minnich, Secretary of the United Nations Command, Military Armistice Commission.
"Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., the ranking Republican on the Budget Committee, pioneered the tactic, introducing a motion to table Reid's amendments to protest cutting $6 billion in military pensions from the budget bill."
My Opportunity Agenda is inspired by many - starting with my grandad. I talked a little about him in a short video.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHRwjBXoHKM
Enjoying participating in a day of service with students at Claflin University in Orangeburg.
I had a wonderful visit to the Ulysses S. Grant Library Collection at Mississippi State University in Starkville. Dr. Marszalek and his team are doing a terrific job of preserving these historic artifacts for future generations.
