IN CASE YOU MISSED SEN. ALEXANDER’S LATEST NEWSLETTER: On voting against a "national school board" and pushing for state and local freedom in education, Alexander said: “I voted against a 1,150-page proposal on June 12 by Senate Democrats that would double down on the congestion of federal mandates that have, in effect, established a national school board. This proposal says the federal government doesn’t trust parents, teachers and states to educate their children, and they want someone in Washington to do it for them. My fellow Republicans and I completely reject that.” Follow this link if you want to sign up for Alexander’s regular newsletter on what he’s been working on in Tennessee and Washington, D.C. http://1.usa.gov/HHzRO6
At today's groundbreaking ceremony for the Manchester job corps center - a positive step toward ensuring employers in Manchester and across the state have access to skilled workers.  Pleased that a New Hampshire firm was selected through competitive bid process to build this facility.
NA
We had a big crowd and a good discussion during my annual Agriculture Advisory Lunch at the Missouri State Fair last week. Thanks to Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler and Missouri Farm Bureau President Blake Hurst for joining us this year.
I’ve been talking a lot about the farm bill during the August work period. This morning I was on KNWA’s morning show to discuss progress toward reauthorizing the bill. It was also one of the topics that we discussed on KARK’s Sunday morning show “Capitol View” this weekend. The farm bill defines and authorizes funding for agriculture’s safety net. Programs authorized by this law are vital to ensuring that we do not become dependent on other countries for our food supply, in the vein that we have of our energy needs. In the coming days, I will embark on an agriculture tour to highlight how important this bill is to Arkansas. It is my hope that we can begin working with our colleagues in the House of Representatives on a compromise between the two versions we passed when we return to Washington after Labor Day. Follow this link to watch these two recent interviews on the farm bill.
We enjoyed the warm welcome from Rogers Rotary today.
NA
Idahoans have had a tough few weeks when it comes the fire season.  Today, I joined Senators Ron Wyden and Jim Risch to thank our brave firefighters at the National Interagency Fire Center (NIFC) in Boise.  We can do better in preventing catastrophic fires by using collaborative land management efforts and stronger proactive management on the nation’s public lands. #idpol #BLM #BLMNIFC #FireSeason
Great to join @EximBank President @fredhochberg at a forum this morning to help local businesses gain important knowledge to maximize exports and create economic growth. #idpol #4jobs #eximbank
PHOTO: Good discussion on key issues with conservative leaders in North Texas yesterday:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Fort Hood Shooting Victims, Families Deserve Full Compensation, Benefits:
Enjoyed meeting with Tea Party leaders and GOP chair Dianne Edmondson in Denton yesterday to discuss rangee of issues from immigration to repealing Obamacare.  Off to El Paso to discuss "smart borders".
Fact: Obamacare will cause millions of seniors to lose their current health insurance #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Looking forward to joining Jim DeMint and my friends at Heritage Action for America in Dallas tonight for a #DefundObamacare town hall.
Four State Department employees on administrative leave over #Benghazi are back to work today.   Still no justice for #Stevens #Smith #Doherty and #Woods.
"Why is President Obama unwilling to give Obamacare waivers to all Americans?" -at Houston Realty Business Coalition Breakfast  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Great turnouts at the listening session yesterday in McCook and today in Holdrege. Thanks to everyone who attended to voice your concerns!
“Technology is a key to our success. From the advanced equipment and methods that are driving economic growth in western North Dakota, to the cutting-edge innovations that are driving growth in agriculture, information, biotech, health care and aviation businesses in the Red River Valley, technology is fueling our state’s economic vitality. It is technology that is driving our 13.4 percent economic growth rate – five times the national average – and it is technology that is raising average incomes statewide. Whether you live and work in Williston or Fargo, Grand Forks or Dickinson, this conference is important for all of us statewide.”
Share if you agree: #gang violence is devastating #Chicago. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=841 
 
 According to the Chicago Police Department during 2012 80% of the 500+ murders were gang related.
Thousands of Utahns across the state participated in my tele-townhall last week.  There was great concern among the participants that #Obamacare was going to cause more harm than good, and in some cases this unfair and unaffordable law had already resulted in negative consequences.  If every Republican refused to fund Obamacare, we could protect Americans from the negative consequences of this law.  You can sign up for my Tele-Townhalls here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings  I will also be holding several town hall meetings over the next few weeks.  You can learn more about these events here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/townhall-meetings
Yesterday, my good friend, Jay Nolfi, was presented the Big Lake Chamber of Commerce Lifetime Achievement Award for her service to the Big Lake Community.  Alaska is made better by people like Jay, their drive and determination, and their dedication to the place we call home.  I am proud to know such a wonderful woman.
The Chena Energy Fair really pushes us to think about how to harness the renewable energy potential in our state.  I truly believe that gatherings like this hold the key to affordable energy in Alaska.  Not only that, Bernie and Connie Karl are pushing the boundaries of growing food in Arctic climates.  Absolutely fabulous!
I spent Saturday in Galena seeing the spring ice jam and flood destruction, along with the solid efforts being made to rebuild the community.  What I saw was a real disconnect between Galena residents and the FEMA team overseeing the relief work.  When I told a contractor that FEMA thought the clinic there would be ready to open on Sept. 15th, he said that was news to him and that the timeline wasn’t realistic. I told them to talk so we can all be on the same page and be rowing in the same direction.
Thanks to all the volunteers helping with the Yellow Ribbon Center relocation project. Had a great turnout today and got a lot done.
Excited to celebrate the new Yellow Ribbon Support Center & the dedication of folks who provide support for our troops.
In Chillicothe today visiting Kenworth Truck Company. Workers here are talking to me about the assembly process.
NA
Happy birthday to my father, Dr. Ron Paul
August 12, 2013
In case you missed it: I went On the Record with Greta Van Susteren to talk about #Obamacare's missed deadlines and the need to repeal this law  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_iPlVn0mno
About to go On the Record with Greta Van Susteren to talk Obamacare. With so many delays, the law is definitely broken. Tune in!
If you're in the Coatesville area, please consider sharing with a returned veteran the below information on the Coatesville VA Medical Center's Welcome Home Celebration. Thanks for spreading the word. 
Great to tour Xenolite in Norristown with Congressman Jim Gerlach this morning. Xenolite's lightweight x-ray protection products are sold in over 24 countries around the world. A great example of PA manufacturing. Thanks for having us!
The situation with Egypt is disturbing.  We are now seeing a low-grade civil war between the military and the Islamists.    Earlier this year, the Senate voted to table an amendment cutting off aid to Egypt, thereby postponing its consideration. I supported this tabling motion as I did not want the United States Senate to be perceived as taking sides.  The Egyptian military crossed the line last week.  We should stop giving foreign aid to Egypt and its military unless the country moves toward an inclusive democratic system. American taxpayers should not contribute to a military that slaughters civilians in the street.
