ICYMI: Check out Sue Legg’s story in today’s "Johnson City Press" about volunteers in Washington Co., Tenn., helping to rebuild neighboring homes destroyed by the August flooding of Dry Creek.  Alexander praised the volunteers, telling the newspaper, “It’s a terrific story of Tennessee volunteers and Tennesseans helping themselves with not much government help,” Alexander said. “I’ve never seen a better example of people helping people than what’s happening right here in Washington County.” [Photo courtesy of "Johnson City Press"] http://tinyurl.com/c3aemyp
Great to join the Pease Greeters today in Portsmouth.  Thank you for all you do to support our troops!
NA
With Suzanne Foster, VP and General Manager of Medtronic in Portsmouth.
Read about Senator Ayotte's visit yesterday to Admix, where she discussed her efforts to fight burdensome regulations on Employee Stock Ownership Plans.
Take a moment to listen to my conversation with Mark Reardon in-studio at KMOX about the need to cut wasteful spending & my amendment to protect public safety & American jobs.
KNWA came with us on our tour of Darr Elementary, Rogers School District's newest elementary school, that is expected to open in the fall. This will be a great facility for students and staff.
In the early hours of Saturday morning, one of my amendments to the budget resolution received a vote on the U.S. Senate Floor Floor.  The Majority party's budget included $275 billion in health care entitlement savings, but did not include that amount in the reconciliation instruction.  If this amendment had been agreed to, the instruction to health savings would have been included and, therefore, a top priority.   http://youtu.be/MIb9mVjRufQ
Sen. Collins visited Wells Wood Turning in Buckfield today -- the maker of the official national Easter Egg hunt.  Another example of a great Maine company and dedicated employees making Maine proud! Watch the story below.
PHOTO: Enjoyed speaking to students in Prof. Evans' class on Congress at UT's LBJ school today:
How convenient! Register to vote while applying for Obamacare.
In Case You Missed It: View Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter, “Senate Budget Misses the Mark,” here: http://1.usa.gov/10fhDtP. Interested in receiving Senator Corker’s newsletter each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
In case you missed it, I’m inviting Nebraskans to help roll back burdensome regulations. Watch this video to learn how you can get involved and share if you know someone whose farm, ranch, or business is being negatively impacted by overregulation:
Cerro Gordo Co mtg-43ppl in Mason City. Qs abt BalancedBudget, Guns, Benghazi,Debt,VAWA,corp crime, tort reform, Workforce Invest. Act, Iraq
Grassley Questions Contradicting Testimony by Justice Department Official in Quid Pro Quo with St. Paul
Hancock Co.mtg - 82ppl in Garner. Qs abt SSNotch, Debt, Guns, homeland Security,PTSD, WHTours, GayMarriage, TermLimits, CropInsur, Farm Bill
Winnebago Co.-29ppl in Lake Mills. Qs abt Earmarks,GayMarriage,CropInsurance,Guns,DeathPenalty,Debt,ForeignAid,Drones,EPAregs,partisanship.
More than 200 at Northwood-KensettHS, 9-12. Q&A abt Senate,fav Pres,SameSexMarriage,Marijuana,USmilitary in foreign countries,Obamacare,9-11
Fayetteville Co.- 56 ppl at Lion'sClub in Oelwein. Qs abt Budget,Sequester,Guns,Immigration,Iowa Air Guard, Farm Bill,Benghazi,Fast&Furious
Welcome home from Afghanistan SPC Jessica McKim, The U.S. Army!
Had a great tour of the VA Southern Nevada Healthcare System. Thanks for having me!
Proud to present Watford City resident Donald Diederich with the medals he earned while serving in World War II. These long-overdue honors mark in tangible form Diederich's courage and our admiration, respect and gratitude for his service. When you learn the story of Donald Diederich's experiences more than 60 years ago in a dangerous world and fierce war, you understand why he and his contemporaries have come to be known as the "greatest generation."
“We need more diesel in North Dakota. The Dakota Prairie Refinery will provide much needed energy infrastructure in western North Dakota and will help produce the diesel we need to meet growing demands in our state. This refinery will create good jobs for our people and help to fuel our economy. We are grateful that MDU and Calumet chose to build a refinery here. This is one more example of the tremendous contribution our state is making to power our nation.”
I had the opportunity to give my Washington update this morning at the Bixby Chamber of Commerce and introduce my Oklahoma colleague, Congressman Jim Bridenstine.
Thanks to the Oklahoma City Chamber for hosting me yesterday to discuss how federal taxes and regulations are affecting job creation and economic opportunities for Oklahomans.
I stopped at the Richland Center Phoenix Center and spoke with a fabulous group of concerned citizens. Thank you Richland Center!
Think you know how out of control government can get? Watch Steve's story. Then share it. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLGXPYKVuyY
Thanks to the Montello Rotary Club for inviting me to join you for lunch today, I enjoyed our discussion.
Lots of folks are asking about last week's Senate vote on the Market Fairness Act. Right now thousands of hard-working small business owners compete at an unfair disadvantage against their bigger competitors. Brick and mortar stores are forced to collect sales taxes that their larger online competitors do not. The amendment approved by the Senate ratifies an agreement among the states, improving enforcement of laws that are already on the books.It helps states balance budgets without having to resort to new or increased income taxes.
How costly can government regulation become? Probably more than you imagine. http://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/3/victims-of-government-the-case-of-steve-lathrop
It's always great to be back in Oshkosh!  Thanks to Lourdes High School for hosting me this morning, I was able to speak to a very enthusiastic and engaged group of students.
"Lee staged a test vote on the issue during consideration of the Senate budget last week. He tried to amend a point of order against gun control legislation to the budget but fell short. It needed a three-fifths supermajority and failed 50-49, needing 60 votes to pass. But the final tally emboldened Lee, Paul and Cruz because they were so close to a majority and a filibuster takes just 41 votes to sustain."
I’m sure I’m not the only Alaskan thrilled the Sunrise Bakery may reopen for business - not only for the jobs it means for Anchorage residents, but also for that delicious smell of baking breads as I drive by!
Last week, United States Senator Mike Lee Senator Ted Cruz and I issued a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, stating our intention to oppose any legislation that would threaten to eradicate the Constitutional right to bear arms.   Click here to read the letter:http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=759
NA
Enjoyed talking with the students at Ridge View High School in Columbia this morning
