Sen. Alexander today, in a meeting with Maj. Gen. Michael Walsh of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in the Capitol hosted by Congressman Ed Whitfield (R-Ky.), said that he will explore writing legislation to change the law in order to stop the Corps’ current plan to restrict access to dam tailwaters along the Cumberland River. Alexander urged Maj. Gen. Walsh to consider alternatives that would keep people safe when dams are spilling while allowing full access to the tailwaters when the dams are not spilling.                                                                                      Alexander said, “The tailwaters are only dangerous when the water is spilling through the dam, and when it’s not, tailwaters provide some of the best fishing areas in the U.S., attracting thousands of fishermen and creating hundreds of jobs in Tennessee and Kentucky. For example, water spills through the Center Hill dam about 14 percent of the time. The most logical solution would be to make the area safe when the danger exists: To close the tailwaters to fishing 100 percent of the time would be like keeping the gate down at the railroad crossing 100 percent of the time – the track is not dangerous when the train is not coming, and the tailwaters are not dangerous when the water is not spilling through the dam.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=88474b63-6efa-4e87-9cba-49e65a763ace
Check out Sen. Alexander’s op ed in today’s "Tennessean" with Executive Director Ed Carter of the Tennessean Wildlife Resources Agency: “Army Corps plans threaten Cumberland River dam tailwaters”   “…When you consider these three important principles: state and local control; using our taxpayers’ money wisely; and supporting the Tennessee economy, it’s clear the Corps needs to keep fishing for alternatives to its proposed policy. In fact, it all reinforces a point that Tennesseans already understand every time they pick up a rod and reel: The tailwaters are a valuable resource, and we should fight to keep them that way.” http://tinyurl.com/be8ronx
Thanks USA Rice Federation for inviting me to speak at your conference this morning about the farm bill and other agriculture issues.
NA
VIDEO: Yesterday, I spoke on the U.S. Senate floor about the importance of getting the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), of which I am a co-sponsor, across the finish line this year.
News Release: For nearly two decades, VAWA has been the centerpiece of our nation’s commitment to end domestic, dating and sexual violence.  Already this year, there have been four deaths in Idaho as a result of domestic violence.  Even one is too many.  This legislation is very effective in helping to address abuse in our society and I am committed to getting it done.
CBO: more than 7 million with employer-sponsored health insurance will lose their current coverage over the next decade as a result of the President’s health law.  So much for "if you like what you have you can keep it."
POTUS proposes changes to his sequester idea
Lower private sector investment correlated with higher unemployment
Treasury Secretary nominee misinformed on number of votes required to pass a budget: is it 51, not 60.  No budget passed by D controlled Senate since 2009
Appreciate National Review's write up about my first month in office:
In fiscal year 2011, $3.6 trillion was spent by the federal government with $2.3 trillion in revenues received. Like and share if you agree spending is STILL the problem.
NA
Last Friday, I enjoyed the opportunity to tour Open Door Mission and see the wonderful work they do for the underprivileged in Omaha. Since 1954, they have committed themselves daily to providing food, shelter, and preventive measures to the homeless and needy in the area. I was humbled by their generosity and service and am grateful for the important work they do for Omaha.
It was great to see last night's Super Bowl commercial highlighting the work of farmers. It reminded me of the hardworking farmers and ranchers across Nebraska I am proud to represent.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMpZ0TGjbWE&feature=youtu.be
spoke with Governor Mike Huckabee earlier today about the Hagel nomination as Secretary of Defense and the legality of a drone strike to kill al-Qaeda leader Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen.
Chuck Hagel is a good man, but these are dangerous times. What kind of signal are we sending to the Iranians when our nominee for Secretary of Defense seems clueless about what our policy is? I hope the Obama Administration will reconsider his nomination.
Senator Chuck Grassley's comment about President Obama’s comments today on the sequester and a budget package
Klobuchar, Grassley Reintroduce Legislation to Crack Down on Anti-Competitive Pay-for-Delay Deals
There R many lessons 2 b learned from 1986 immigration reform debate.  Read/watch my speechat http://t.co/NjsHmJGm
Just learned a friend Jordan Smith named "mountain states super lawyer rising star" LasVegas practice
NA
NA
McConnell: “Now that Congress has acted on the tax issue, the President needs to lay out significant spending reforms—the other side of the ‘balance’ as he defines it. But every day spent talking about ‘corporate jets’ is a day wasted, and given that the President again missed the deadline to submit a budget this year, there’s not much time to spare. The clock is ticking. It’s time to get serious.”
It was a pleasure introducing Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation CEO Tom McDonnell this morning at the State of Entrepreneurship Address.
 
 The Kauffman Foundation has been an invaluable ally in my efforts to promote entrepreneurship and job creation in Washington. Their research shows that between 1980 and 2005, companies less than five years old accounted for nearly all of the new job growth in the United States.
 
 And at a time when national new business formation statistics near historic lows, Kansas is trending in a positive direction. This suggests that entrepreneurs have discovered something I’ve known for a long time: Kansas is a great place to start a business.
I recently visited Shawnee Mission Medical Center to tour their new Birth Center, which is set to open at the end of this month. The center delivers more babies than any hospital in the KC Metro area, and the expansion will increase the hospital's ability to provide quality, patient-centered care to women, children and families.
 
 Thanks to President and CEO Ken Bacon (sporting a cowboy hard hat—he’s a Texas native) and Administrative Director of Women's and Children's Services Denise Martinek for the tour.
On Saturday, I'll be traveling to Stafford to honor residents with my "Building Better Communities" award. I created the award to spotlight positive community action in Kansas and show how creative thinking and teamwork make a positive difference in our state and country.
 
 To learn about the Stafford community's efforts to revitalize their community, watch the video linked here.
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD0GASLOjXQ
Do you know the differences between President Obama’s FY2013 Budget and what his debt reduction commission proposed?  I’ve posted summaries of both, along with Rep. Paul Ryan’s House FY2013 Budget Resolution on my website to give you an opportunity to voice your support or opposition to individual provisions.   Proposal provisions have received nearly 6,000 votes so far. Visit the site to learn, vote and join the Fight For Our Future.
I have a new plan for our energy future.  I call it Energy 20/20: a big-picture vision for a comprehensive energy policy as we look toward 2020: renewables, offshore, ANWR, NPR-A, climate change & more.  Read all the details here: 1.usa.gov/WpwWkV
Only in Washington would they spend so much time trying to undo $100 billion in already agreed upon spending reductions for one year, instead of investing the time to figure out why we run deficits of nearly the same amount every month: http://1.usa.gov/11HMvHX
Last night, I went on FOX's On the Record with Greta Van Susteren to talk about President Obama's failure to comply with budget law.  In case you missed it, watch it here: http://bit.ly/14PbQiM
Today, I introduced the bipartisan Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2013 – Widely known as "Audit the Fed."    Click 'LIKE' if you support this Amendment.   http://paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=694
I'm pleased with the passage of Embassy Security Bill. It provides for stronger security at U.S. diplomatic facilities. http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=693
As the Co-Chair of the Senate Rural Health Caucus, I was so pleased to speak at the NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH ASSOCIATION's Annual Rural Health Policy Institute this morning.
Senator Rubio will sit down with BuzzFeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith at 7:30pm EST. Watch the interview live here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddDl_KAzXo0
President Obama met at the White House today with CEOs and progressive allies to discuss ways to advance the new immigration amnesty bill. In response, Sen. Sessions issued the following statement:  "Once again, our leaders are meeting in secret with narrow special interests to decide the fate of our immigration system while everyday working Americans are shut out. President Obama is meeting privately with the most powerful men in finance and business to discuss how to bring in more low-wage labor at a time when millions of Americans can’t earn enough to pay their bills. He’s meeting with progressive activists to discuss amnesty and chain migration. But what we need is an immigration policy that serves the national interest, not the special interests.  Who at the White House is speaking for the working people of this country? Who is speaking for the $15-an-hour legal worker who doesn’t want to lose his job to federally subsidized illegal labor? Who is speaking for the taxpayers who don’t want to burden their children and grandchildren with more debt to provide free federal benefits to the millions of people who are unlawfully present? Who is speaking for the victims of drug cartel violence that could be prevented if the borders were secure?  Somehow I doubt Goldman Sachs or La Raza is speaking for these Americans. We have seen this before: the 'masters of the universe' want low wages and cheap labor and don’t seem to care much about how it impacts workers or taxpayers. All lawmakers—Democrat, Republican, Independent—have a responsibility to our citizen and legal immigrant constituents to put their needs ahead of the special interests President Obama is meeting with today."
NA
NA
NA
Sorry, President Obama, but no more tax increases for even more government spending. We should keep our word to the American people and keep the spending cuts you signed into law.
The least we can do. Let's honor this hero.
I’m proud to cosponsor Sen. Rand Paul's bill to audit the Federal Reserve. The House passed this bill last year. It’s time for the Senate to follow suit.
"Honoring Our Veterans" license plates are now available. My thanks to PennDOT for helping Pennsylvanians to display their support for our military veterans on the roadways.
In case you missed it, I sat down with the Erie Times-News editorial board. Thanks for having me!
