Throw-Back Thursday: Obamacare Past and Present  Past: At the health care summit in February 2010, Sen. Alexander delivered opening remarks on behalf of congressional Republicans, in which he disagreed with President Obama over the president’s assertion that Obamacare would not increase individual premiums. Alexander told the president: “It means that for millions of Americans, premiums will go up, because when people pay those new taxes, premiums will go up, and they will also go up because of the government mandates.”   Present: More than three years later, the White House has collected data on health insurance premiums in 34 states, but it has released a report highlighting premium information in just 11 states. A recent congressional report states that rates in the individual market are expected to increase as much as 30 to 40 percent on average in 2014. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander that Obamacare is a “historic mistake” that “should be dismantled.”
NA
Senator Ayotte is leading a hearing this morning to examine reports of mismanagement within the Pentagon's POW/MIA Accounting Command.  Click the link below to watch the hearing live.
NA
You deserve more accountability and transparency from Washington. The House took a step in the right direction today by passing legislation to end government abuse – including passing two bills I introduced in the Senate last week. Share this if you agree we need to restore accountability and put the government back in your hands.
I am very pleased to see that our bipartisan #StudentLoan solution passed the House last evening. Students now have the certainty they deserve to plan for their financial futures.   http://bit.ly/14lioZS
Let's give Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula and Pvt. William Long the honor they deserve for their service and sacrifice.
The White House thinks if they deliver more sales pitches, Americans will finally like Obamacare—it’s not going to happen. The President needs to stop lecturing and start listening to the American people about their concerns with his health care law.
Enjoyed meeting Kayla, a young lady from my hometown of Idaho Falls. Kayla is a National Young Leader representative.
Recently, I spoke with Times-News about Idaho’s own Bowe Bergdahl.  Bowe was captured by the Taliban in June of 2009.  Rest assured, Bowe is not forgotten and the entire delegation continues to monitor the situation.  I have spoken about Bowe with military leaders and intelligence officials at all levels in the U.S., Afghanistan and Pakistan, including those close to negotiations at the State Department and in the Pentagon.  We can say it remains a priority for us to not only locate him and determine whether there’s a way to obtain his release, but also to work with any developments that come along the way if there are negotiations that could ultimately result in his release.
VIDEO: On the Senate Floor, Democrats Preserve IRS’s Power to Enforce Obamacare:
Cornyn: West Victims Need Assistance, Not Another Working Group:
Sen. Hatch asking important questions about IRS scandal investigation on the Senate floor.
No American - even the head of the IRS - should be subjected to ObamaCare:
If IRS Chief doesn't want Obamacare, he shouldn't enforce it either. Calling on IRS to endorse my bill to remove them from Obamacare:
Just voted to block another bloated spending bill on floor, which called for more taxpayer-funded spending than even Pres. asked for.
Cornyn on Snowden asylum: "Despicable...Putin loves nothing better than giving America and this president a thumb in the eye.”
On KLBJ talking about defunding, repealing, dismantling, and delaying Obamacare
Instapundit: FAILING UPWARD: Leader of ATF During ‘Fast and Furious’ Fallout Confirmed as New Director. Sen. John Cornyn: “What could have been an opportunity for the President to bring competent leadership to a department wrought with mismanagement is instead a signal from the top that reckless behavior is not only permissible in his administration, but rewarded.” Yeah, pretty much.
IRS scandal grows
Harry Reid gets 4 Pinocchios.
Good news on student loan rates
It’s “Throwback Thursday” on Instagram! To follow Senator Corker, visit http://instagram.com/senbobcorker. DID YOU KNOW? After traveling with his church on a mission trip to Haiti in his late twenties, Senator Corker began to take a closer look at needs in his own community. He led the creation of a non-profit that today has helped over 10,000 families secure decent, fit and affordable housing. The process of starting the non-profit led to greater civic involvement and eventually to public service. #tbt
What's our strategy on Obamacare? We win, they lose. If enough Americans rise up, we will defund Obamacare.  Are you with us?
The key to victory in the fight to defund Obamacare is the American people rising up, engaging, and demanding it.
My friend United States Senator Mike Lee spoke with Rush Limbaugh about how we stop Obamacare before it is too late.  Please give it a listen and SHARE!
Great to join fellow members of the wackobird caucus Sen. Mike Lee and Sen. Rand Paul at the Young Americans for Liberty National Convention!
How far is this Administration going to go to convince you that Obamacare is the greatest thing since sliced bread?  The Department of Education, the Institute of Museum and Library Services and many other non-health related agencies are paying people to convince you.  Some of my Senate colleagues and I are seeking to learn more.
For too long Congress has been ignoring our Founding Fathers’ belief that government must be limited in order to safeguard the freedoms and liberties that rightfully belong to the people. I joined Senators Barrasso, Coburn, Paul and others this week in introducing the Enumerated Powers Act of 2013 in order to give members of Congress more tools to stop unconstitutional legislation.
I voted against B. Todd Jones’ nomination to serve as the Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. The Senate should not be voting on a nominee who has an open investigation into that nominee’s conduct and who has not been fully cooperative with Congress over the Fast and Furious Scandal. I have questioned the bureau’s overreach and restrictions on our Second Amendment rights. We shouldn't put a nominee in charge of this bureau whose judgment has been called into question, but that is what the Senate majority did last night.
Over the past 7 years, the Treasury Department has paid out nearly $11 billion in legal settlements through the Judgment Fund. This fund has come under scrutiny as it is an unlimited amount of money available to pay for government liability and currently has no binding reporting requirements. Today, I introduced a bill to bring oversight and accountability to this use of taxpayer dollars. Learn more here.
I'm sure u can imagine this Leader Reid kept the vote open for 5hrs to get enough votes to confirm anATF director who is still beingInvestg8
Pleased to cosponsor Tom Coburn and Senator Rand Paul's legislation to restore Constitutional limits in Congress. As the American people’s trust in the government is at an all-time low, there is no better time to remind Members of Congress which of their powers are granted by the Constitution, and which are not. By requiring Congress to specify how the Constitution permits any measure passed out of the legislative branch, this common sense approach will also remind Members that our founding fathers understood the need to limit the powers of the federal government.  Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/14IFPVM
Had a nice visit today with Tim, Allison, Tyler, and Ethan Vallely of Minot.
Enjoyed speaking with the Nathe family today before they toured the U.S. Capitol as part of their summer family trip to Washington, D.C.
Frightening statement by Supreme Leader of #Iran. Urge world leaders to join me in supporting Baha'is #HumanRights
Congratulations to new U.N. ambassador #SamanthaPower. Thank you for your commitment to improve #HumanRights in #Iran.
I applaud the House of Representatives, especially Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel, for pressing forward with tougher sanctions to prevent #Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.  It’s time for the Senate to act.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=827
 
 Please share and comment below.
Today, I voted against President Obama’s nomination of Samantha Power as Ambassador to the United Nations.  The United Nations is in need of swift and sweeping reform, and I do not believe Ms. Power is the right person to lead this effort.  While the Obama administration has paid lip-service to the idea of UN reform, it has not done nearly enough to fight for the needed changes to end waste, mismanagement, corruption, and bias against the United States and Israel.     The administration has used the United Nations to pursue goals that are controversial and divisive in the United States.  Issues such as environmental regulations, gun rights, and the use of military power should be left to our federal, state, and local governments; not an unaccountable body of international bureaucrats.  These efforts can be seen in the push for ratification of the Law of the Sea Treaty (LOST) and Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD), and the pursuit of the Arms Trade Treaty (ATT).   Such treaties do not provide any economic or security benefits to the United States, and they undermine U.S. sovereignty.   Ms. Power has made a well-known career advocating for the use of American power to intervene in foreign conflicts for humanitarian purposes.  This includes her support of and reported influence on the American intervention in Libya is 2011 and her role as the head of President Obama’s Atrocities Prevention Board.  I opposed the President’s intervention in Libya, and do not believe he had the necessary authorization from Congress to do so.   Ms. Power’s nomination signals the President’s intention to continue using the UN to circumvent Congress on important issues while neglecting the need for effective and wide-ranging reforms.   We can no longer tolerate business-as-usual at the United Nations, and I will continue pushing for the changes needed in the U.S.-U.N relationship.
#Obamacare can only be funded in the next continuing resolution if there are Republicans who vote to fund it.
Those if us who support the effort to #defundobamacare held a press conference outside the U.S. Capitol today.  Remember that Obamacare can only be funded if a small number of Republicans vote to fund it.
"RUSH:  When you say Big Business doesn't have to comply, you're talking about the one-year waiver on the employer mandate?  LEE:  That's correct.  The president's selectively enforcing the law in a way that he doesn't have the authority to do.  RUSH:  Isn't that a tantamount admission that the law's punitive and he doesn't want it to be punitive going into an election?  LEE:  Yes.  It's punitive, so he looked at that aspect of the law that is the most unpopular with those who can afford lobbyists, the most unpopular with those who have contacts that can get into the White House and get an audience, and so that's what he's doing, is he's throwing this bone out there so that he doesn't get attacked as much within the business community and the lobbyist community.  Meanwhile, he's throwing the rest of us out into this wasteland that is the world of Obamacare."  Read the rest of the transcript here:
Laid to rest today a genuine American hero, Colonel Bud Day. Rest in peace, my friend.
Alaskans know Alaska better than anyone else, which is why when both the Alaska Fire Service and the Fort Wainwright Garrison advised U.S. Army command that the fire danger was too high to hold a live fire training exercise, it should have listened.  That training sparked the massive Stuart Creek 2 blaze.  It’s taken $19 million to get that fire under control and now I want the Army to reevaluate its procedures and explain how this happened:
I wanted to give everyone an update on the student loan rate fix that’s so critical to our soon-to-be college students: the House just passed the compromise legislation the Senate approved last week by an overwhelming bipartisan vote 392-31.  It locks and lowers the rates for students every year by tying the interest rate to the 10-year Treasury rate, and the White House has already called it a ‘win for students’ so the President should sign it soon.
President Obama’s big government health care bill was supposed to bend the cost curve down.  Instead, the average individual premium payer is out nearly an extra $100 a month.
Good piece at Field & Stream about Hope Taft and community cleanup efforts on the Little Miami. Keep up the good work.
As a doctor, I have had firsthand experience with the vast problems facing health care in the United States. Medicare, as we know it, is broken and in desperate need of reform. It is indefinitely $43 trillion short and must be reformed now before it's too late.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=914
Every decision made by bureaucrats in Washington is a decision taken from the people who actually educate our children - principals, teachers, and especially parents. On Tuesday, I spoke with these people at a school choice forum and I was moved by each success story.  Click here to see footage from Success for Our Children: A Forum on School Choice https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IA_nBIWlvP4
Rubio Opposes Obama’s UN Nominee; Calls For Clear Foreign Policy Strategy & UN Reform  Rubio: “When America fails to lead, the world becomes more dangerous.  The United Nations is badly broken. And I hope we will work to force meaningful transparency and accountability reforms for the U.N. But so far, this administration does not seem very interested in doing so. And therefore, until we begin to take some positive steps in that direction, I will not be able to support Obama administration nominees who have not committed to significant reform of the U.N.”
Rubio: ObamaCare Hurting Seniors Is One More Reason We Must Defund It: http://1.usa.gov/18PxWTT VIDEO: http://bit.ly/18PxPYm
Rubio: "If We're Not Willing To Fight On ObamaCare, What Issue Are We Willing To Fight On?": http://1.usa.gov/1aYLo8t VIDEO: http://bit.ly/13pxVoH
NA
ALERT: Senator Shelby to speak on the Senate floor at 6:30 P.M. EST about the failures of Obamacare.
Sen. Sessions will be speaking on the Senate floor this evening at approximately 7:20 ET / 6:20 CT to discuss efforts by the White House and the business lobby to push a comprehensive immigration bill during the month of August.  To watch live tonight, please click here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Sessions: "Perhaps we can finally have this debate out in the open—and dispense once and for all with the idea that the CEOs bankrolling the immigration push are concerned with anything other than reducing the cost of labor. It’s not about 'reform'—it’s about profit…Immigration reform has become synonymous with corporate welfare. It’s time we became more concerned with the welfare of millions of struggling workers and taxpayers."
July 31, 2013
We're working to ensure South Carolina's seniors have access to critical health care supplies. CMS needs to delay the competitive bidding program in order to reform the process.  http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20130731/PC16/130739883/1009/medicare-program-designed-to-save-money-on-medical-equipment-delays-access-for-some-charleston-patients&source=RSS
ICYMI, a good post on our steps to protect Gettysburg National Military Park. My thanks to Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and Rep. Scott Perry for working with me on this.
Senate Republicans stood up to big spenders today defeating an appropriations bill designed to bust spending caps.
Thanks for coming to see me, Alex, and enjoy the rest of your internship!
I had a terrific meeting just now with Bucks County native Alex Van Hook, a student at Rochester Institute of Technology and an AAPD intern in the office of Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers.
Such a wonderful thing to see...Thank you to everyone who kept Sarah Murnaghan and her family in your prayers:
