It was an honor to present Jerry Blackburn, US Army (Ret), with a long-overdue Purple Heart. #idpol #Vietnam #veterans #IdahoFalls #idaho
I think MLK would agree with Gov. Jindal
Construction jobs in Texas booming
W.R. Mead:  "The White House made five big miscalculations about the Middle East. It misread the political maturity and capability of the Islamist groups it supported; it misread the political situation in Egypt; it misread the impact of its strategy on relations with America's two most important regional allies (Israel and Saudi Arabia); it failed to grasp the new dynamics of terrorist movements in the region; and it underestimated the costs of inaction in Syria."
On press freedom, POTUS & Holder say one thing publicly, say the opposite in court
Someone ought to tell Eric Holder: In Texas, as a share of the voting-age population, voter turnout in 2012 was higher among blacks (63.1 percent) than it was among whites (60.9 percent)
Red lines & credibility: "White House: 'Very little doubt' chemical weapon used by Syria regime against civilians."
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In an interview for Fox News Sunday that was taped on Saturday but aired this morning, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, discussed the conflict in Syria, the crisis in Egypt and congressional oversight of NSA surveillance programs. Watch here: http://youtu.be/TC09fQnw_yw.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will discuss the conflict in Syria, the crisis in Egypt and the NSA on Fox News Sunday this morning. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Louisiana's voucher program gives real hope to parents and children to get a good education, but President Obama's DOJ is putting politics first by suing to keep students in failing schools.
ICYMI - My LJS OpEd on the impact of ObamaCare on Nebraska small businesses: http://journalstar.com/news/opinion/editorial/columnists/local-view-rhetoric-versus-reality/article_bb9c3592-5f41-5fc7-8a42-ec51269a86d5.html
In light of the verdict in the trial of Major Nidal Hasan, it’s important we push President Obama and the Department of Defense to classify the Fort Hood shooting as an act of terrorism and not workplace violence.    This designation would award the victims of the attack Purple Hearts and the full range of benefits available to our men and women in uniform.   As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, the victims and families have my word that I will work to get this designation changed.
It was a fascinating experience to learn about the Abengoa Energy cellulosic ethanol facility under construction in Hugoton. Twelve hundred construction jobs have really made an impact on southwest Kansas.
I always look forward to the opportunity to visit with the historic Dodge City Farm Posse at the  High Plains Journal. These producers and land stewards are on the cutting edge of agriculture and are highly frustrated with needless regulations coming out of the Environmental Protection Agency. I am glad that Senator Garrett Love and Senator Larry Powell joined us for this important discussion.
The folks at the Gray Count Town Hall meeting in Cimarron were troubled by the same things that trouble their neighbors all over Kansas---too much government intrusion in their lives--under current Washington control we are becoming Regulation Nation!
Kansas Sen. Garrett Love and I had a very interesting visit with Jerry and Pat Heim. The Heim family own multiple Case-IH dealer outlets throughout NW Kansas. This family is symbolic of the understated integrity and hard work that is so typical of Kansans.
Enjoying the air show today at LVI Airport with my son Patrick!  #LVAirshow
