Alexander released the following statement on media reports that the Obama administration will give states more time to comply with the new health-care law's requirement to set up state-run health-insurance exchanges:  “The problem with the health-care law’s requirement that states set up health-care exchanges isn’t that states need more time –- it’s that the draft rules lack flexibility for states, and the health-care law itself is a poorly written, over-regulating law that never should have been passed in the first place. If we can’t repeal the law, we need to work together in Washington to fix it so states have flexibility and families have better access to affordable, high-quality care.”
NA
Good to talk with military chaplains Captain Brown, Captain Poe, Lieutenant Commander Doney & Arthur Schulcz yesterday about my role in the Senate Armed Services Committee and the need to protect religious freedom for all serving in the military.
As the father of a young son and the grandfather to six young children, I was outraged and saddened by the Sandy Hook shooting. Unfortunately, the president's proposals today fundamentally fail to address ways that we can prevent tragic events like Sandy Hook, and instead, he's attempting to restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans.
I will fight any effort to further infringe on the Second Amendment rights of American citizens, whether it is legislation or executive action by the President. I am open to having a conversation about ways in which our nation can address mental health issues and reduce violence, but I will not stand by while the President and others try to restrict the rights of law-abiding American citizens.
“President Obama’s statements today touched on some areas of common ground, but ultimately his plans rely too strongly on the failed gun-control ideas of the past. While he is likely to find a broad base of support for some of his mental health directives and for providing incentives to hire school resource officers, his push for Congress to bring back the assault weapons ban and to limit ammunition is misguided. New laws are not the answer. Stricter enforcement of the laws on the books is where we need to start. There is plenty of evidence, both in our country and elsewhere, that proves simply disarming law abiding citizens does not help reduce violent crime. Firearms are the tools, not the cause. If we are serious about reducing gun crimes, we need to get to the root cause which includes addressing mental health issues in our country.  That is where we need to focus on finding a solution.”
I enjoyed visiting with Mark Smith on KASU's morning program today. We had a good conversation about the debt ceiling, excessive federal spending, the farm bill, the debate on gun laws and more. If you missed it, you can listen to the interview here
College students: Are you interested in interning in my U.S. Senate office? The period to apply for internships is now open. This is an excellent opportunity for any Arkansas college students who have an interest in government to get involved, learn the inner-workings of the U.S. Senate and earn college credit. I encourage all interested students to apply for an internship during this important time in our nation's history. Follow the link below to apply.
I'll be joining Bill Hemmer on FOX news at about 9:10 am (ET) 7:10 am (MT) to talk about the Debt Ceiling.
NA
NEWS RELEASE: First, and foremost, increased gun control will not solve the insurgence of violence our country is experiencing.  Any restrictions involving the Constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens deserves, at minimum, a full debate in the U.S. Congress.  I will continue to protect the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Idahoans.
PHOTO: Members of my D.C. staff were able to check out the Inaugural platform from atop the Capitol dome. Idahoans coming to the Presidential Inauguration can share their photos with me via Twitter using #IdahoDCPhotos or email them to IdahoDCPhotos@gmail.com. I look forward to seeing them.
WSJ: "Fitch said Tuesday that it may downgrade the nation's debt even if lawmakers raise the debt ceiling, if Washington emerges from those negotiations without taking steps to lighten the U.S. debt load."
Is he going to fire AG Holder? "Obama, NRA May Agree On Increased Prosecutions Of Background Check Liars NBC Nightly News reported that "there were over 71,000 people in 2009 who failed on a background check in an attempt to purchase a gun, but only 44 of those folks were prosecuted"
Meet Barack Obamas, circa 2006: debt limit increase a sign of leadership failure.
Meet Barack Obama, deficit hawk, circa 2005
There may be no quick or easy fixes to high-profile acts of violence, but any proposal aimed at protecting our citizens must not take away our Constitutional rights. President Obama has proposed federal actions to restrict gun rights, but not every problem has a federal solution.
A New Year’s resolution for the Senate should be to follow the law and pass a budget.  I recently joined some of my colleagues in sending a letter to new Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray asking for a vigorous hearing and mark-up schedule that would result in the passage of a budget.
The recent tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School is heartbreaking and beyond words. However, the gun control plans brought forward by President Obama fail to address the real issues and I’m confident there will be bipartisan opposition to his proposal.  One bullet in the hands of a homicidal maniac is one too many.  But in the case of a young mother defending her children against a home invader -- a real-life event which recently occurred near Atlanta -- six bullets may not be enough. Criminals aren’t going to follow legislation limiting magazine capacity. However, a limit could put law-abiding citizens at a distinct disadvantage when confronting a criminal.    As for reinstating the assault weapons ban, it has already been tried and failed.    Finally, when it comes to protecting our schools, I believe the best way to confront a homicidal maniac who enters a school is for them to be met by armed resistance from a trained professional.
CBO says by 2022, SS, Medicare&Medicaid will account for 55% all fed spending. Need President to lead on reforms to save tax$ AND programs
Grassley:  Iowa City Student Selected by Naval Academy
Message to Bloomberg TV. Go back to previous format 4 finance reporting I had wait 7min to get corn price previously just few seconds
Grassley Requests Penalty Relief for Farmers Due to Late Tax Season
Grassley: Better Tax Enforcement Needed Before Tax Increases
Hiring Our Heroes and The American Legion National Headquarters are holding a job fair for Nevada’s heroes in Fallon. Click here to learn more: http://www.uschamber.com/hiringourheroes/fallon-nv
During a recent Congressional Delegation trip overseas that included stops in Asia and Africa, I was pleased to be joined by USAID Administrator Dr. Raj Shah in Ethiopia.  We toured Project Mercy, a USAID/Ethiopia-supported non-government organization (NGO) 80 miles southwest of Addis Ababa.  This wonderful organization is working to break the cycle of famine and poverty through its relief and community development model that includes health care, education, skill training, and infrastructure development, just to name a few.
Our Founders believed that the people’s right to own guns was an important check on the powers of the government and ‘necessary to the security of a free State.’ Please take a moment to read my full response on the President's announcement today on guns: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=44c9deb4-d273-7821-fa63-ac7f2afc4058
I will be talking with Brian Williams of NBC News immediately following the noon EST press conference on President Obama's gun control proposals.
It is unfortunate that the president is using the tragedy in Newtown to advance a set of proposals that would do little, if anything, to prevent these kinds of shocking events.  Instead, his laundry list consists of demands that Congress limit the rights of law abiding citizens, executive orders that essentially affirm the status quo, and initiatives to increase federal interference into state and local law enforcement and educational institutions.  Without specific legislative language, it is impossible to evaluate the potential consequences of the president’s proposals. But I am deeply concerned that the president’s approach is inconsistent with fundamental Second Amendment rights and encroaches on the authorities of state and local governments.  As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I look forward to this debate and am committed to ensuring that the rights of citizens are not infringed and public safety is not diminished.
Here is my statement regarding the White House Gun Violence task force’s recommendations following the tragic Sandy Hook Elementary shooting:   “In wake of the recent tragedies in Connecticut and Colorado, Americans are ready to engage in a meaningful national conversation to determine a path forward that will keep our children safe. We can start by properly enforcing all of our existing gun laws. Criminals who misuse firearms should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. We must be careful, however, not to penalize responsible, law-abiding citizens or infringe upon civil liberties guaranteed in our Constitution.  “As our nation looks for real and lasting solutions, it is essential that we focus on what works and be realistic about what doesn’t. The President’s call for a ban on assault weapons is troubling, as such a measure would endanger the rights of Americans while not making us any safer.  “We must examine all factors that lead individuals to commit these monstrous acts, but the President’s plan in its entirety is not the proper way to implement a comprehensive strategy that will better protect our nation from gun violence.”
I’ve been diligently following the case of former Army Capt. and Fort Riley soldier William Swenson who saved numerous lives more than three years ago in Afghanistan and was justly nominated for the Medal of Honor. William's original nomination was somehow lost, and the Army reissued the paperwork after acknowledging the error.  The nomination has now made its way to the White House for the President’s approval, which is long overdue. I will continue to follow the case and ensure William receives the respect and gratitude he deserves for his service to our nation.
I am disheartened by the White House Gun Violence task force’s recommendations. I will fight proposals in the Senate that threaten our 2nd Amendment rights and fail to take real action to curb a culture of violence in America.
Senator Rubio Reiterates Support for 2nd Amendment Following President's Gun Policy Announcement
Senator Rubio Marks Religious Freedom Day, Highlights Case Of American Christian Persecuted In Iran
Sen. Sessions: "Compassion requires us to reform a broken welfare state that is fostering dependency, hurting families and communities, and failing in the most important goal of helping people achieve self-sufficiency."
NA
Sessions will be talking with Greg Buddell at 3:30 p.m. CT.
Sessions will be joining the Dan Morris Show at 1:30 p.m. CT in Montgomery.
Happening now: Tune into WAPI to hear Sessions on the Matt Murphy show.
Congratulations to Dr. Alison Byerly, first female president of Lafayette College. Dr. Byerly’s academic and administrative credentials are impressive.  I wish her all the best in her new position.
The President's proposals would violate the Constitution and have been proven not to be effective in preventing gun violence. I will be part of a bipartisan coalition opposing this legislation and looking for real solutions such as school safety guards, mental health care, and addressing the culture of violence in the media.  The Second Amendment rights of Americans must be preserved.
