IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, Sen. Alexander spoke at the 30th anniversary celebration of the Governor’s School for the Arts, which he founded in 1984 as a summer arts school for young Tennesseans gifted in music, theater, visual arts, dance, and filmmaking. At MTSU, Alexander welcomed the newest class saying, “You are helping us show that we can aim for the top in the arts and all the other activities we have at the Governor's Schools. You are part of our effort to find the excellence and to praise it."  Read more here: http://wmot.org/post/alexander-joins-mtsu-welcoming-governor-s-school-arts-students-30th-year  
Senator Ayotte's statement commemorating the 70th anniversary of D-Day: “70 years ago today, tens of thousands of Americans joined forces from Allied nations and conducted one of the most ambitious and pivotal amphibious assaults in military history—beginning a campaign that would liberate millions of Europeans from Nazi oppression.  As the granddaughter of a World War II veteran and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I join all Americans in honoring the heroic soldiers from units such as the 1st and 29th Infantry Divisions who charged into Nazi gunfire on Omaha Beach, soldiers of the 4th Infantry Division who stormed Utah Beach, paratroopers of the 101st Airborne Division ‘Screaming Eagles’ and 82nd Airborne Division ‘All-American’ who parachuted behind enemy lines, Rangers who scaled the cliffs of Pointe du Hoc, and airmen and sailors who supported them overhead and at sea.   “Americans stormed the beaches of Normandy not to conquer a country but to liberate a continent.  Millions enjoy freedom and security today because of the courage, skill, and patriotism of those American and Allied heroes who risked all and made the ultimate sacrifice at Normandy.  We honor them, and we will never forget their sacrifice.”
Today we remember the American heroes who stormed the beaches of Normandy. May we always remember their sacrifice. #DDay
I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about ways to improve health care for our veterans in light of the #VA scandal, and I also shared stories that you sent in on the impact of #ObamaCare.
On June 6, 1944, tens of thousands of Americans and allied soldiers stormed the beaches of Normandy and fought the battles that liberated France.  The sacrifices that those men and women made on D-Day and in the campaign that followed changed the course of history.   I recently had the chance to visit the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial.  The day was bright and the beauty of the hallowed grounds belied the chaos and struggle that took place on Normandy’s wild beaches and bluffs.  Despite the seemingly insurmountable odds, freedom prevailed.   Today, on the 70th anniversary, we remember those whose lives were lost during that invasion and we honor those who survived.  Please take a minute to thank a veteran that you know for his or her service to our country.  They willingly and unselfishly put their lives on the line to protect our country and our freedom.   The legacy of the Greatest Generation has inspired and sustained the young men and women currently serving our country abroad.  Today we also remember we still have work to do on behalf of all of our veterans who return home from the battlefield.  We must remain unwavering in our commitment to provide for those who were fortunate enough to come home and who now face their own challenges as they continue to contribute to the success of this great nation.
NA
Seventy years later, it is important to reflect on the anniversary of D-Day and rightly honor the brave men and women of the Allied Forces who helped free Western Europe from Nazi occupation. As time passes, it remains our duty to remember the sacrifices made by the members of the Greatest Generation, including those brave Arkansans, who answered the call of those being oppressed by the Nazi and Fascist regimes. Read more of this week's column by following the link below.
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day we remember the thousands of brave Americans who “came to liberate—not to conquer—to restore freedom and to end tyranny.”
Thanks to Noble County business leaders who shared their thoughts with me today in Avilla.
Enjoyed my discussion with DeKalb County business leaders this morning in Auburn.
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day, today we honor and celebrate the members of the Greatest Generation who truly gave all to the cause of freedom. We say thank you to those who stormed the beaches of Normandy or aided with operations in the conflict that changed the course of World War II. The heroes of D-Day will never be forgotten. We are forever grateful to those who have served and continue to serve our nation in uniform. We can honor their sacrifice through our commitment to continue to make our country strong, safe and free.
NA
On this day, the 70th anniversary of D-Day, we are reminded of the bravery of the American soldiers who stormed the beaches of Normandy and forever changed the course of history. #DDay70
On the 70th Anniversary of D-Day, Senator Collins presented Louis Roberge of Lewiston, a WWII veteran, with the Bronze Star and other medals he earned, but never received, during his service.  “It is fitting that we gather on this hallowed day, the 70th anniversary of the Normandy invasion that began the liberation of Europe. At that same time, but on the other side of the world, Mr. Roberge and the 96th Infantry Division – the fabled ‘Deadeye Division’ –were preparing for the liberation of the Philippines and led the way at Leyte, the first step in that arduous campaign... The Bronze Star and other medals you receive today are powerful symbols of your courage, devotion to duty, and sacrifice on behalf of our grateful nation."
On this day, we honor the men who stormed the beaches of Normandy 70 years ago today.  These heroes will always be honored by the country they served and the nations they helped to free.   As we pay tribute to the heroes of D-Day, may we remember their sacrifices and those of their family members. May we remember their bravery and their commitment to the mission that would change the course of history.
It was 6:30 am. The cold waves were crashing. The wind was blowing on the beaches below 100 foot sheer white cliffs -- a spot called Pointe du Hoc between two beaches code-named Utah and Omaha. Two-hundred young men under the command of Lt. Col. James Earl Rudder, a Texan, landed on that beach.   Many of them were young. Many of them were scared. Their mission was to take out the Nazi howitzers atop that cliff. They were to climb the 100 foot cliffs with grappling hooks and daggers stuck into the rocks. A feat the Nazis were sure was impossible. Those young men marched forward into machine gun fire, into danger just like 57 years later in New York City the first responders on 9/11 marched forward into danger.   It was 70 years ago today that those men scaled that cliff. It was 70 years ago today that they took out those Nazi guns and went on to win the war and liberate the world. Today, we remember the bravery and sacrifice of those who stormed the beaches on D-Day to defend liberty at home and across the world.
Today we remember all those who served and those who made the ultimate sacrifice on #DDay. #Veterans  #DDay70
Good help wasn’t hard to find in 1977 for U.S. Senator Malcolm Wallop when he found Robin Bailey, but after more than 30 years of outstanding service to Wyoming through Wallop’s, U.S. Senator Al Simpson’s and my office, Robin is getting ready to retire.
When we have affordable, abundant energy, America stays competitive with the rest of the world. When President Obama and his allies in Congress try to push economically-damaging regulations aimed at coal, it is the consumers that will pay for it through higher energy bills. Click the link below to watch a clip from my recent speech on the Senate floor. To Wyoming coal isn’t just an energy source, it’s part of our livelihood.
Seventy years on, nothing inspires awe and gratitude like listening to veterans share memories of D-Day. On this solemn anniversary, we thank those veterans who put everything on the line for their country and honor those who are no longer with us.
70 years ago, the United States led one of the most audacious invasions in world history, paving the way for the Allies' long march to liberate Europe from the iron grasp of Nazi Germany. Hundreds, if not thousands, of Nebraskans bravely stormed the beaches of Normandy by air and by sea. Their courageous example endures as a reminder of the price of freedom, and as we mark D-Day, I join the rest of our country and the world in saluting these heroes of our Greatest Generation.
Dday 70th anniversary is another opportunity to thank veterans and military today for sacrifice defending our America and freedoms/liberty
I was 10yrs old on Dday Never then appreciate soldiers sacrifice On TV today reminded of the sacrifice We owe so much to GreatestGeneration
NA
Today, we honor the brave Americans who risked their lives defending our liberty 70 years ago. I am humbled to be in France on behalf of my fellow Nevadans as we commemorate the brave actions that allowed the Allied troops to defeat tyranny. http://1.usa.gov/1q0Ewik
These brave Nevadans are on their way to Afghanistan. Wishing them a successful tour and a safe return. #BattleBorn
“It is difficult to imagine now the horrific challenges our veterans of the Normandy invasion faced 70 years ago today. More than 160,000 allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy in the face of fierce German resistance, and more than 9,000 allied soldiers were killed or wounded during the course of the operation. Because of their courage and sacrifice, not only we in the United States, but our friends and allies in Europe are today a free and peaceful people.  "So on this special day, we thank and honor that greatest generation that gave so much to posterity, and especially those who landed on Normandy beach. They fought, they sacrificed and many of them died to ensure that we and our children could continue to live free."
The Obama Administration alerted Congressman Tom Cole and me that they will be sending to Fort Sill in Lawton, Okla., at least 600 unaccompanied minors who illegally immigrated to the United States where they will live for an unknown period of time. Our nation has an immigration problem and a national security crisis, but I don't believe the answer is for our military facilities to be transformed into a center that houses, feeds, and cares for illegal immigrants. The Administration has failed to provide any further details other than these children will arrive as early as June 10th. I have no doubt the Fort Sill and Lawton community will rise to the occasion, but in the interim we are working to get better answers from the Obama Administration. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-illegal-immigrants-to-be-housed-at-fort-sill-base
While the McCain-Sanders VA bill has qualities that our veterans need, such as having access to other means of care if they are wait-listed, I am very disappointed that their legislation publicly introduced yesterday intentionally singled out our Tulsa VA clinic and took $13 million dollars away from our Oklahoma veterans. This funding for improvements to our Tulsa VA clinic had the support of the entire Oklahoma delegation when they voted and the U.S. House passed H.R. 3521 last December. All other 26 clinics that were to receive funding from this House-passed bill are included in the McCain-Sanders bill except Tulsa. As the nation's military begins to transition out of Afghanistan and has most recently done so in Iraq, we are going to see an influx of new veterans in need of care. The Tulsa Clinic Director has said that they project outpatient demand to increase by 33 percent over the next 20 years. Because of this, we are likely to see wait times increase at our Tulsa facility. I'm glad this bill gives veterans another option, but I refuse to punish veterans who fall within the acceptable wait-time window with an overcrowded, obsolete VA facility. Our veterans deserve quality health care.   Furthermore, the next health care alternative for our wait-listed veterans under the McCain-Sanders bill is with physicians that participate in the Medicare program, another broken system. According to the Oklahoma Medical Association, our state ranks one of the poorest in the nation in the number of physicians per capita. Furthermore, our Oklahoma seniors already face challenges obtaining access to Medicare physicians, as there are only 12 practicing physicians per 1,000 Medicare beneficiaries, far below the national average. In Oklahoma, this instead shifts one burdened system onto the next instead of fixing the real issue of giving our veterans access to quality care.  After touring the Tulsa VA clinic this morning, it is apparent that the facility has outgrown its space for the demand it is already receiving, and the building inadequately addresses the behavioral health needs of our veterans returning from the battlefield. I will continue to work and do everything possible to ensure this clinic and our Oklahoma veterans have the funding they need to get access to the quality of care they deserve. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-working-to-fix-veterans-bill-that-excludes-vital-funding-for-tulsa-va-clinic
On this day seventy years ago, thousands of courageous Americans stormed the beaches of Normandy against nearly insurmountable odds in the name of freedom.  Their service and sacrifices helped lift millions from under the heavy grip of tyranny and forever changed the course of history.  Not just today, but every day, we must honor the selfless sacrifice of the Greatest Generation and their contributions to protecting the freedoms we are so blessed to enjoy. One of the most moving experiences I’ve had in Washington is welcoming our Honor Flight World War II veterans from Oklahoma who travel to visit their monument in the Nation’s capital.    As we pay tribute to their courage and sacrifice, we must remember our solemn commitment to provide the care and support that all of our veterans deserve, just as they honored their commitment to defend the United States.
Take a look at Senator Johnson's newsletter to see what he has been up to this week.  
“These men waged war so that we might know peace. ... We are grateful to them.” http://t.co/Tyq3Yu934M
Illinois is home to more than 700,000 veterans, a number of whom already possess the life-saving skills and training required to be a firefighter, but who are forced to re-certify due to our state's outdated reciprocity rules. I urge Governor Quinn to pass commonsense reform in the reciprocity requirements which would ensure that the men and women who already possess these skills  are not subject to additional bureaucracy as they rejoin the workforce.  More in my latest blog post: http://1.usa.gov/1p3jEJO
Today is the 70th Anniversary of D-Day. Please join in honoring the heroes who fought for freedom. #greatestgeneration
#tbt Last October, I visited the WWII memorial w/ Illinois vets. They deserve better at their VA hospitals. #ShareYourStory: vets@kirk.senate.gov
I recently urged President Obama to consider veterans in rural areas as the Administration works to strengthen and accelerate access to health care for veterans. Rural veterans in Kansas and other states face significant challenges accessing health care through the VA system. The burdens of time and distance prevent many rural veterans from receiving basic care through a VA facility and, all too often, important preventative or follow-up care is extremely difficult to obtain. I believe that any expansion of health care outside of VA facilities should afford rural veterans the option for them to choose care in their own communities.
Today we commemorate D-Day and remember those brave Allied troops, including the Big Red One, who stormed the beaches and cliffs of Normandy 70 years ago and changed the course of humanity. Forced to abandon their landing craft in deep water, the 1st Division traipsed ashore Omaha Beach weighed down by heavy equipment and in the face of intense enemy fire. The Big Red One saw 3,000 of its men killed, wounded of captured that bloody day – and overall Allied troops suffered 10,000 casualties. That Longest Day proved to be the turning point of World War II, leading to the liberation of France from the Nazis and eventually brining the War to an end. The world as we know it today is more free because of the Greatest Generation we honor today. We must never forget how fortunate we are to live in nation where true heroes volunteer to defend our freedom.
As we recall America's success today on the 70th anniversary of D-Day, it's also important to remember the attacks on Alaska soil that were part of World War II -- and honor the members of our greatest generation for their service and sacrifice.
Visited the Chalmers P. Wylie VA Ambulatory Care Center this morning for a townhall meeting with Columbus-area veterans to hear about the problems they are facing and what we need to do to fix them.
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day, I'm pleased that my D-Day prayer bill passed the Senate last evening. My bill would install a plaque on the WWII Memorial, at no cost to taxpayers, honoring the words that President Franklin D. Roosevelt prayed with the nation on June 6, 1944.
On the 70th Anniversary of D-Day, we are reminded of the courage and sacrifice of the Greatest Generation, under the leadership of Kansas' own General Dwight D. Eisenhower. God Bless America and those that are fighting to defend us every day.
As we remember the loss of President Ronald Reagan ten years ago and on the eve of D-Day, I share the words of a great American leader about our Greatest Generation.
ICYMI: Rubio: Remembering D-Day: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/379748/remembering-d-day-marco-rubio  "When we think about American freedom, we don’t always think about the price that was paid for it. When we think about the advancement of liberty around the world, we don’t always think about the achievements of great men and women before us that made it possible.   The fight for human freedom is as old as mankind itself, and many who have fought so desperately for it have failed to attain it. Yet today we remember a day that stands as one of the greatest triumphs of freedom over oppression, liberty over tyranny, and good over evil in the history of the world.   Seventy years ago today, on June 6, 1944, the Allied Expeditionary Forces, under the command of General Dwight D. Eisenhower, crept across the English channel in the dark of night, stormed through fog and sand and heavy artillery fire, overtook the beaches of Normandy, and began the work of peeling back the shroud of Nazi control that was stretched over Europe.   The evening before the assault was launched, General Eisenhower distributed a letter to the troops outlining the enormity of the next day’s mission: “You will bring about the destruction of the German war machine, the elimination of Nazi tyranny over the oppressed peoples of Europe, and security for ourselves in a free world.”   Never before had the line between good and evil been so bold, the stakes of a battle so high, or the decisiveness of a victory so clear..." 
Sen. Sessions: 7 million Americans have left the workforce since 2009
I met with #veterans in Charleston, Greenville and Lexington today to hear first-hand about the problems they are experiencing at the VA.
We can never repay the Greatest Generation for all they have done. Thank you for your courage and sacrifice, and for your strength to step off those boats and jump out of those airplanes 70 years ago today. #DDay70
Congratulations to my State Director, Colonel Bob DeSousa, who along with 384 other U.S. military officers, international officers,and civilians graduated from the U.S. Army War College today in Carlisle!
Last night the Special Olympics Pennsylvania opened up their summer games on the campus of Penn State.  Good luck to all the competitors!
Pennsylvania has produced some of the greatest examples of courage, fortitude, and heroism in the history of mankind.  Our country and the world are safer and more free because of them.   They are people like John Pinder Jr., of McKees Rock, who was killed on D-Day and was awarded the Medal of Honor.  Pinder was tasked with carrying a radio the length of a football field through waist-deep water to a fire-swept beach.  He was hit by enemy fire in the first few steps off his landing craft.    But he brought his radio to shore.   He returned to the waves, several times to salvage equipment.  On his third trip, he was hit in the legs by machine gun fire. Refusing medical attention, John Pinder continued to establish radio communications, stopping only when he was hit again and killed.
I am horrified at the news of the imprisonment and treatment of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim, a 27-year-old woman imprisoned and awaiting execution in Sudan. I strongly condemn the Sudanese government for its actions and call on Secretary Kerry to press for the release of Ms. Ibrahim and her children without delay.
The heroism and sacrifice of our troops on D-Day still takes my breath away. God bless 'em. #DDay70
NA
Read the inspiring story of Mississippi's Private Harry Quinn Jr., a rifleman with the 22nd Regiment of the 4th Infantry division during WWII. Quinn was fourth in line to climb off the landing craft into the Higgins boat headed for Utah Beach on June 6, 1944. Last fall, he was one of 11 Mississippians to receive the prestigious French Legion of Honor Medal. #DDay70
