The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced today that it will proceed with its proposed fishing restrictions—through the use of buoys and signage—below dams on the Cumberland River. In response, Sen. Alexander said: “This is a waste of taxpayer dollars and an unreasonable interference with the right to fish below the dams the public owns. We will therefore move ahead in the U.S. Senate next week with legislation to ensure the freedom of Americans to fish in these waters at times that the state wildlife agencies believe is consistent with reasonable efforts to ensure public safety.” Read more:  http://tinyurl.com/cc6mek9
No wonder some of my colleagues across the aisle have dubbed ObamaCare a “train wreck.” The Wall Street Journal notes that 89% of Missouri’s small businesses could see their insurance premiums increase thanks to this government overhaul. Meanwhile, a new Kaiser poll today noted that the popularity of ObamaCare has steadily dropped since the fall, and 49% of Americans say they don’t have enough information to understand how the law will impact their own family.
Follow the link below to our CrowdHall event where you can ask  questions and vote on those asked by others. Next Monday, I'll be answering some of the more popular ones.
I'm looking forward to joining Greta Van Susteren tonight on Foxnews at 10:20 pm (ET) 8:20 pm (MT) to respond to the President's Obamacare remarks at today's press conference.
NA
Have you ever wondered how my day unfolds as a U.S. Senator for the state of Idaho?  KMVT, from Twin Falls, recently visited my Washington, D.C., office to find out.  Click the link to read more.
Great photos from the inaugural Taste of Maine event in Washington.  Thanks for the Maine State Chamber of Commerce for organizing this great event.  We were proud to highlight the products produced by so many hardworking Mainers! 
PHOTO: Roundtable with DFW law enforcement on my bill to improve prosecutor and judicial safety:
Kudos: On Wednesday, Houston made a major step towards clearing its backlog of more than 6,000 untested rape kits. Mayor Annise Parker announced that all the kits have been shipped off, testing has begun and the end is in sight. "While not everything has been through the testing process, there's nothing sitting on a shelf in the city of Houston," Mayor Parker said. "It's all in progress." The testing should be completed in a few months.
Shale energy boom has fueled revenue and job growth; is anyone in WH paying attention?
Happy 80th to Texas icon Willie Nelson
The Internet sales tax bill will require online retailers to file 46 sales tax returns to various states EACH MONTH. We must kill the bill before it kills small business.
President Obama says Obamacare is working 'fine.'  Mr. President, you keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Protecting the freedom of the Internet, securing the border, and more in our latest newsletter.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
Senator Fischer visits with constituents, small businesses, and colleges in communities across Southeast Nebraska, including Nebraska City, Peru, Auburn, Falls City, Beatrice, and Crete.
With all due respect Mr. President, Benghazi and Boston are compelling examples of how our national security systems have deteriorated on your watch.  In Benghazi, multiple requests for increased security were denied and numerous warnings from Ambassador Stevens about the growing threats from al Qaeda were ignored by Washington.  For over seven and a half hours during the attack our Americans in the field were abandoned.  After the attack, your Administration provided misleading information to the American people.   In Boston, both the FBI and CIA were warned by the Russians about a radical Islamist in our midsts.  Once enrolled in the system as a potential terror suspect, the older brother was able to travel back to Russia unimpeded by DHS or any of our intelligence agencies.  Agencies under your control were unable to coordinate the information they received on the Boston terrorists.  If Benghazi is not an example of system failure before, during and after the attack what would be?  If Boston is not an example of a pre-9/11 stovepiping mentality what would be?
Senators work to stop federal interference and restore state-level education decisions
Great experience w QandA w 41 students at UNI human relations class under tutelage of prof Oakland
Here's The Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Congrats to all wildfire awareness training graduates! #BattleBorn
ICYMI: KTNV Channel 13 Action News takes a closer look at the VA claims backlog in Nevada and what's being done to solve the problem. #EndTheVABacklog Watch: http://bit.ly/ZxXmT5
Nevada veterans face a backlog of more than 10,000 cases. Today, Senator Bob Casey, Jr. and I joined 65 of our colleagues in sending a letter to President Barack Obama urging him to take direct action to help #EndTheVABacklog. 
 Read it here: http://1.usa.gov/11Shuh5
More than two years ago I persuaded former Interior Secretary Ken Salazar to initiate a new USGS study of the Williston Basin to stimulate more private-sector investment in infrastructure like housing, hotels, retail stores and other services to meet the needs of a rapidly growing western North Dakota. This new USGS study further confirms and reinforces the fact that the Williston Basin is a sustainable, long-term play warranting strong private-sector investment for decades into the future.
I toured CNG Interstate facilities yesterday in Edmond, Okla to see how this innovative Oklahoma company is converting private and fleet vehicles to burn clean, cheap natural gas. 
 
 http://www.edmondsun.com/local/x6219290/Senator-Inhofe-visits-local-CNG-company
NA
My latest op-ed in the Deseret News explains my position on immigration reform.  "Trying to fix all the problems at once is the surest way to avoid fixing any of them well. Few legislators — and perhaps fewer citizens — actually understand everything in such bills. And no one can even pretend to comprehend all the moving pieces and how they will actually work in practice. Such wide-ranging legislation inevitably produces a host of unforeseen effects and unintended consequences."
Over 2/3 of the Senate is calling on President Obama to address the backlog in veterans claims. This situation is unacceptable, our vets deserve better.
Here at the Children's Place in Wasilla, they've seen an increase in child abuse cases.  Tough stuff, but the good news is the dedicated staff here and State Troopers work closely to make sure the kids who enter these doors get the help they need and are kept safe.
I had a great visit with the kids from Academy Charter School in Palmer this morning, where the K-8th graders had some really good questions.  I have a goal of visiting every school in the state to talk to our kids, and every time I walk into one I am amazed at how smart our young Alaskans are!
My thoughts and prayers are with DeeDee Jonrowe’s family as her father Ken Stout approaches the end of his trail.  The Stouts are one of the strongest Alaskans families around, and I know they will make it through this difficult challenge.
America's veterans have a higher jobless rate than the nat'l average, despite their unique skill sets and all they've done for our nation. We should help them connect their unique skills with jobs in the private sector that can fully leverage their talents and abilities.  That's why I'm co-sponsoring the Troop Talent Act with a bipartisan group of my Senate colleagues, and I thank several veterans groups for getting behind this effort, too. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=4bca3ec0-a2c2-4515-909f-c44403b5dfeb
Met with the leadership of Ohio Right to Life today in Columbus. I'm proud to stand with Ohioans on the frontlines to preserve life of the unborn.
At Jackson County Drug Task Force roundtable. It is critical for communities to work together to address Rx drug addiction.
Just spoke about how Washington should combat prescription drug abuse at the Opiate Conference in Columbus.
Over 1000 job seekers  met with employers, educators and training providers at the Youngstown Energy Jobs Fair yesterday. Check out the video here:
I sat down with job creators in Tuscarawas County who are concerned about barriers from DC that are hurting job growth & slowing down the economy.
This afternoon, I toured Zimmer Surgical in Dover. It is time to repeal the medical device tax on young companies and hardworking engineers and scientists.
Toured Cryogenic Construction in Mingo Junction to see firsthand the technical welding working being done there.
Great day on the road. Started the day off at the Energy Jobs Fair in Youngstown-- connecting Ohioans with good energy jobs.
On Friday, April 26, I issued a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry requesting that instances of waste, misuse and theft of U.S. foreign aid be investigated and then made public.   Instances of such waste and abuse should be transparent for the American people so that they can judge for themselves whether the benefits of our taxpayer-funded aid is worth the costs.  Read the letter here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=786
Rubio: We Can & Should Improve Immigration Reform Proposal: http://1.usa.gov/YbqU82
NA
I met with Montgomery County's Supervisors today at the Whitpain Township Building to discuss unfunded mandates and give a legislative update from Washington. Thanks to all who attended.
The National Park Service informed me today that Joe Frazier’s Gym on the corner of North Broad Street & West Glenwood Ave in North Philly will be added to the National Register of Historic Places. Frazier won 32 out of 37 career matches, won an Olympic gold medal, and was the world heavyweight champion from 1970-73. He began training at the gym in 1968; it played a significant role in the story of his life and legacy as he trained there for many of his most famous bouts, including his victory against Mohammad Ali in the 1971 ‘Fight of the Century.'
