Sen. Alexander says this week’s Gallup poll on public K-12 education “shows Americans reject the persistent overreach from Washington and know these decisions are best made closer to home.”   Follow the link to read more from Alexander—including information on his bill to “reverse the trend toward a national school board.”: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=a1f80d00-15ab-4ab8-818f-7777e36a485c
NA
NA
NA
NA
There are over 15,000 women-owned companies in Wyoming, but they still only represent 25 percent of Wyoming’s total businesses. Through my work on the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, I have supported legislation to make it easier for all Americans to work for themselves by cutting red tape and expanding access to grants and loans to help get their businesses off the ground. Click below to learn more about the wonderful women-owned business across the state and the great resources available, such as the Wyoming Women’s Business Center.
"We have been working to provide permanent flexibility in the school lunch program to make it work for our students, school nutritionists and school districts as we know a one-size-fits-all standard for school lunches does not meet the needs of our students and schools. This USDA grant will help our state’s schools develop unique plans that will help bolster healthy eating habits for our students, and I will continue to work to provide our schools the flexibility they need to implement the program, particularly with regard to the sodium and whole grains standards.”
“I am pleased to encourage North Dakota high school students to apply to participate in the historic and prestigious United States Senate Youth Program that is held each year in Washington, D.C. This program offers two of North Dakota’s brightest students the unique opportunity to represent our state as they meet with their peers from across the country to gain a firsthand look at our democratic system of government, expand their knowledge and cultivate the skills that will serve them well in their future studies and professional endeavors.”
The new Lake Forest Hospital will be the jewel of the North shore, and its life-saving tele stroke and expanded cancer care centers will secure Illinois' place on the map as the premier place for health care.
These rules and regulations do not protect the American people from themselves, they prevent the American people from being themselves, and they prevent the economy from growing and innovating accordingly.
We will be live streaming my town hall in Draper tonight.  It is scheduled to start around 7:00 p.m. MT, and you can watch it online here:
Senator McConnell talks with reporter from East Kentucky Broadcasting (EKBNews) following an event in Ivel, Kentucky.
NA
Senator McConnell talking #coal and #jobs with Kentuckians during visit to Worldwide Equipment in Prestonsburg, #Kentucky
Senator Mitch McConnell enjoyed visiting & speaking w/ Eula Hall & staff of the Eula Hall Health Center in Grethel, #Kentucky. Eula Hall founded the facility in 1973, which provides quality health care services to people of eastern Kentucky. During the visit to Grethel, Senator McConnell also met with local elementary school students.
Thanks, Worldwide Equipment for welcoming Senator McConnell and for all you and your employees do for the Commonwealth. The Senator enjoyed visiting with Kentuckians today at your facility in Prestonsburg. 
McConnell visits w/ students and graduates in Prestonsburg, #Kentucky & congratulates Carl D. Perkins Job Corps Center on 50th anniversary.
Today I had the opportunity to speak at the graduation ceremony for the Flint Hills Job Corps. Job Corps is a critical component of our nation’s workforce development system, particularly for at-risk youth. Throughout the country, there are 125 Job Corps centers, but Flint Hills is the only center in Kansas. Their mission is to equip young people with the education and skills needed to be successful in life.   When I asked about this year’s class of graduates, I was impressed to learn that more than 90 percent of the class graduated this year and more than 90 percent acquired a job upon graduation. This demonstrates these students are hard working and committed to making the most out of the opportunities before them. This year’s class also found time to give back to the community and spent more than 8,000 hours volunteering in service projects within Manhattan and across Kansas. Thanks to Center Director Gary Vesta and Academic Supervisor Mario Morales for inviting me to take part in the graduation ceremony.
I had the opportunity to tour Manko Window Systems today. Headquartered in The Little Apple, Manko produces commercial window systems, entrance doors, storefront systems and curtain wall systems and distributes them to consumers across the globe. Since their inception in 1989, Manko has grown from two employees to more than 400 spanning 28 states – 245 of those employees based in Manhattan. It was exciting to see this successful business in action. Thanks to Steve Jones and Gary Jones for the informative and enjoyable tour.
It was an honor to speak to the Agricultural Business Council of Kansas City yesterday. I discussed the lesser prairie chicken threatened species listing, EPA water regulations, and the need for producers, agriculture leaders and elected officials from rural states to educate legislators and folks from urban areas about the importance of modern agriculture. One of my top priorities in the Senate is working to preserve the rural way of life in Kansas. Thanks to Agricultural Business Council of Kansas City Executive Director Bob Peterson for the opportunity to speak.
This week, I attended the Olathe Noon Rotary Club held at the new Olathe Community Center. Four members of the club spoke about the importance of Rotary and its impact on individuals in their community. I appreciated hearing from from Cindy VonFeldt, Olathe Public Schools Foundation; Jerry Moore, Grass Pad; Jason Heard, Frank Ancona Honda; and Vernon Avant, Insperity. I am proud to be a fellow Rotarian and appreciate the good work the Olathe Rotary club does for their community. Thank you to Olathe Rotary Club President Geoff Neufeld  for his hospitality and Olathe Rotary Speaker Chair Jason Armstrong for coordinating my visit.
This week on the Kenai Peninsula, I had the opportunity to speak with the Kenai/Soldotna Chamber of Commerce to give a DC update and speak about my frustration with the partisanship getting in the way of solutions and legislation to help Alaskans. Check out the video to hear my thoughts. http://bit.ly/1q3wWVZ
Congrats to Mike and Paula Williams and family for being named Alaska's 2014 Farm Family of the Year!  Their farm, EagleSong Family Peony Farm, was given this honor by the Alaska State Fair for their "excellence and dedication in the production of quality Alaskan grown products". Way to go!
If the GAO can say that the Administration's failure to notify Congress before the release of dangerous terrorists was a violation of the law, why can’t the Senate? 
Over the last few weeks, I've had the opportunity to travel all across our state. Check out some of the highlights. 
Went out on the Ohio River with the U.S. Coast Guard for an update on next steps for the continued cleanup efforts after Monday's diesel fuel spill.
"Researchers and farmers are producing the first legal hemp crop in generations in Kentucky, where hemp has turned into a political cause decades after it was banned by the federal government. Republican U.S. Sens. Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul advocate for it, as does state Agriculture Commissioner James Comer, a Republican who is running for governor next year."
I was pleased to attend the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association's Annual Convention in Wichita. We discussed regulations including the listing of the lesser prairie chicken, and other issues facing oil and gas producers today.
NA
My reaction to today's news that top officials at the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System have been removed from their positions:  "When I met with Secretary Robert McDonald last month prior to his confirmation, he assured me that he would act expeditiously to address my and Congresswoman Martha Roby’s concerns about the inexcusable mismanagement of the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System.  His action today in replacing the two top officials in Montgomery who presided over such mistreatment is a promising sign that he is serious about addressing the many problems at the VA across the country, and particularly in Montgomery.  This is only the first step in a difficult journey to improve care for our veterans, but it is an important one and I welcome it."
Happy Birthday to my good friend Trey Gowdy!
Did you know the #VFW was officially organized 100 years ago-- in September of 1914 at the former Schenley Hotel in Pittsburgh, Pa?  Proud to have offered a measure which recognizes the VFW for its  century of support for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guard members.
What a remarkable run by the #TaneyDragons at the #LLWS.  Great effort and fight by the team tonight and over the course of their stay in South Williamsport!
Congratulations to today's graduates of the Finch-Henry Job Corps Center in #Batesville! The Center is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. Terrific work being done by the people of Panola County.
