NA
NA
In case you missed it, watch my 2nd round of questions for former Senator Chuck Hagel on the potential impacts of sequestration & Israel.
President Obama needs to respect the constitution. Read my op-ed in Reuters today discussing these unconstitutional NLRB appointments and the legislation I’ve introduced to correct President Obama’s blatant overreach.
I questioned former Senator Chuck Hagel during today’s defense secretary confirmation hearing. Watch my questions and share your remarks below.
Unbelievable. Our nation’s economy shrank during the last quarter of 2012 for the first time since the recession ended, national unemployment is still hovering near 8 percent, and more than 12 million Americans are still looking for work. Yet President Obama is giving up on his Jobs Council after it only met four times since 2011 – the most recent of which was almost a year ago.
While we shouldn’t have to resort to legislation to make members of Congress do their jobs, our financial security is too important to ignore. That is why we need to pass the "No Budget, No Pay Act." Read more about it in this week's column.
I've received a lot of calls and emails, and have seen the discussion here as well, about the immigration proposal unveiled in the Senate this week. Read my thoughts on it in this new blog post.
VIDEO: Earlier today, I set down with Peter Barnes, with the Fox Business Network, to talk about what I hope to achieve as the ranking Republican member of the Senate Banking Committee.  Reforming Dodd-Frank and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau are just some of the things I talked about.
PHOTO: Senator Crapo visits with Peter Barnes, from Fox Business, about his new role as ranking member of the Senate Banking Committee. - Staff
The Fox Business crew is getting ready for a live shot from my office.  I will be sitting down with Peter Barnes to discuss my priorities as the ranking member on the Banking Committee.
Sen. Collins tells the Portsmouth Herald that "I will work to prevent sequestration with every ounce of energy that I have..."
Cornyn Votes Against Debt Ceiling Bill:
Small businesses cutting workers: rising health care costs cited as leading cause
The rest of the story on Justice Scalia's comments in Dallas on the Constitution
Proud to support Sen. Portman's amendment requiring any increase in debt limit be balanced w/equal spending cuts
Cornyn Files Bill Stopping Unconstitutional NLRB, CFPB Actions:
POTUS's jobs council shutting down; unemployment at 7.8%, with number of those working part-time and looking for full-time work even higher
Senators Bob Corker today voted against the debt limit bill and urged Congress to focus on reforming Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.  “I hope over the next few months the House and Senate will be able to come together and pass structural, transformative reforms to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid that will save these programs and put our country on a path to fiscal solvency,” said Corker. “We have an obligation to older and younger Americans. Young Americans expect us to solve our fiscal issues so they aren’t saddled with debt and robbed of their opportunity for the American dream, and seniors expect us to honor the commitments we have made to them.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WVITfL
Members of the National Labor Relations Board who were appointed illegally by President Obama should resign. The recent ruling of the District of Columbia U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the president’s actions in appointing two members of the board violated the separation of powers in the Constitution. I joined some of my colleagues in asking the board members in question to step down and we also introduced legislation to prevent the board as well as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from acting. Here is a link to the letter and bill text.
Democrat Senator Chris Coons from Delaware and I have re-introduced legislation that would give innovative startup companies an opportunity to take advantage of the successful Research and Development Tax Credit.
More than half of America's small business owners see healthcare costs and taxes as their biggest worry in 2013, and consider them two of the biggest threats to their business operations.
NA
Grassley, Hatch, Alexander, Enzi, Pitts, Cassidy Seek Details of Long-overdue Attention to Federal Discount Prescription Drug Program
Grassley Introduces Legislation to Ensure Employers have Proven Tool to Verify Work Eligibility of Employees
Christy Romero carries on effective oversight-accountability work started by Neil Barofsky as SIGTARP. Looking out for public interest.
Treasury should listen to Romero. No excuse for bypassing ‘08 rules on exec $ at bailed out firms. SIGTARP work impt 4 taxpayers&Main
To Iowa house Repubs who want put Iowa right to Work law in constitution: guess who stopped my effort to do same in '67,, ironic  BUSINESS
Iowa House Repubs propose put Iowa Right to Work in constitution. GdLuck/I  agree. I proposed same after '65 Leg just abt repealed R to W.
Since my first several weeks as a Senator, I’ve fought to withhold pay from Members of Congress until they pass a budget. Interestingly, the last time we actually passed a budget, the iPad wasn’t even invented. Needless to say, I’m pleased that the Senate has embraced my idea, and has now passed ‘No Budget, No Pay’ legislation.  Congress still has an enormous amount of work to do to rein in spending, pass a long-term budget, and create certainty for Nevada’s families and businesses. While I was disappointed the Senate did not pass certain amendments that would have immediately reduced spending, ‘No Budget, No Pay’ is an important step forward towards transforming the budgeting process. I hope that Congress takes one step further, and makes the ‘No Budget, No Pay’ principle permanent. http://1.usa.gov/Xp6SE3
The 1/189th has returned home to the Great State! Like this post to welcome them home and thank them for their service.
Today I introduced legislation to conditionally suspend military sales to Egypt, including the F-16s. Please take a moment to read about it in full here: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=92ea0204-0337-bf51-e5fc-fa7665255fb6
WATCH LIVE: Sen. Inhofe conducts hearings of Chuck Hagel's nomination to Secretary of Defense. http://1.usa.gov/XLLWoV
NA
Washington, D.C.'s appetite for over-spending has led to unsustainable, excessive borrowing.  In this era of trillion-dollar deficits, giving the President additional borrowing authority without even a dime of spending cuts in exchange is not sound fiscal policy. Continuing down this path will result in higher interest rates and a worsening of the United States' credit rating in the global economy.  Only a long-term solution to our fiscal problems will give our markets the stability that they need and deserve
Former Senator Chuck Hagel said some troubling things in his confirmation hearing to be our next Secretary of Defense.
I am looking forward to serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee to ensure that Utah has a seat at the table when critical defense-related decisions are made.  Today I am participating in my first hearing on this Committee to determine if former Senator Chuck Hagel should be appointed as our next Secretary of Defense.
NA
McConnell: The utilization of hemp to produce everything from clothing to paper is real and if there is a capacity to center a new domestic industry in Kentucky that will create jobs in these difficult economic times that sounds like a good thing to me.
Tune into CNBC's The Kudlow Report at 6 p.m. CT when I’ll visit with Larry about my disappointment regarding the Jobs Council disbandment, Startup Act 2.0 and the spending debate.
Yesterday afternoon, I visited with officers and staff from the Johnson County Sheriff's Office and Criminalistics Laboratory. 
 
 We discussed various pieces of legislation and grant programs. But most importantly, I had the opportunity to thank them for their service to the Johnson County, Kansas, community.
This week, the U.S.D.A. announced that Japan revised their guidelines to allow beef imports from cattle up to 30 months of age. Back in 2011, I called on President Obama to urge Japanese leaders to relax their restrictions on U.S. beef imports, and the new guidelines are closer to internationally-accepted, science-based trading standards.  American farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality agricultural products in the world. This decision means more jobs and revenue in Kansas and our country, while providing Japanese consumers increased access to our products.
Kansas City lost one of its greatest civic champions this week with the passing of Adele Hall.  In a time when we often wonder what one person can do, Adele showed us that you can make a difference — one life at a time. And it starts when an individual stands up and says that there is no better use of our time, talents, and resources than to give back to the communities in which we live. Her involvement in the Kansas City community and her selflessness serves as an inspiration to all Americans.  My thoughts and prayers are with the Hall family.
I voted for today’s Debt Limit Bill so we will honor our obligations and commit to sit down together to finally pass a budget that will curb our appetite for spending, provide a comprehensive plan to cut spending, reform mandatory spending and overhaul our tax code. This isn’t a Democratic problem or a Republican problem, it’s an American problem and we will all have to tighten our belts to move forward together.
Tomorrow is Alaska Wear Red Day!  I’ll be wearing my red- will you?
We need to bring both parties together to get things done.  For the 3rd year in a row, my colleague Mark Udall and I are calling on all members of Congress to join us for this small but meaningful gesture- sit together for the State of the Union.  If we sit together, we talk together, and that makes it easier to work together for our country.
The Mat-Su Project Homeless Connect just wrapped up- good people helping homeless Alaskans in our community.  A big thank you to all the volunteers, including Gerri from my Mat-Su office, who gave up part of their day to lend a hand.
I talked to Bengal Hall of Famer Anthony Muñoz yesterday. He says his heart is with the Ravens, but his head tells him it'll be the 49ers this Sunday. What do you think?
America must pay its bills - no one is arguing against that point.  What we are debating is how to shrink those bills moving forward so the federal government doesn't continue maxing out its credit card and selling out future generations.  The bills are too high, and it would be irresponsible to merely pay our past obligations without having a real debate about Washington's reckless spending habits and how to avoid this situation in the future.    I'm disappointed that the Senate did not adopt two bipartisan principles debated on the floor of the Senate today to provide a pathway forward to real spending reform, and I cannot in good conscience vote to move forward without a pathway to making the tough decisions necessary to stabilize the nation's out of control debt and end the era of trillion dollar deficits.  These two commonsense principles would ensure one dollar in savings for every dollar in new debt, which returns Washington's spending back to the historically-average levels, and end the threat of a government shutdown and artificial cliffs.  I am pleased, however, that Senate Democrats have finally promised to move forward with a budget, something they have failed to do for three whole years.  I hope it is a more serious document than what President Obama has put forward, which has failed to receive a single vote from either party, in either house of Congress, for two years in a row.  With the nation's fiscal situation in such a perilous place, however, just passing a budget is not enough; we must force a real debate on how best to rein in our spending and reduce our deficits in the short-term, which Dollar for Dollar would do.
First vote on my amendment requiring a dollar in cuts for every dollar Washington increases the debt limit is at 12:15p.  In advance of that, take a look at the National Review's article talking about our fight to cut spending
I’ll be speaking about my plan to provide a pathway forward to real spending reform on the Senate floor at 10am.  My Dollar-for-Dollar Deficit Reduction Act & End Government Shutdowns Act are 2 of 4 GOP amendments to reform DC's spending.  Read more about the bills here: http://1.usa.gov/Wkl14a;  http://1.usa.gov/VULasO
About 70 mins worth of back and forth with Ohioans on our teletownhall, most of them from NE Ohio.  Lots of questions, lots of feedback.  Appreciated it all, had over 20k Ohioans on at one point or another.  As always, great feedback, great questions.
In Case You Missed It: Just appeared on Fox News with Eric Bolling discussing my Amendment to stop sending F-16's and M1 tanks to Egypt.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_luF3FoH_u8
The Senate just rejected my Amendment to prohibit the U.S. Government from selling F-16's and M1 tanks to the Egyptian Government.   http://paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=688
Just introduced legislation on the Senate floor, prohibiting the U.S. from sending F-16's and M1 tanks to Egypt. Vote will be held at 2pm ET today.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm8APCgYpmw
Today I introduced a bill to get rid of regulations that hurt our economy, with the support of 32 Senators, the Chamber of Commerce, the NFIB and the NCBA among others. The Obama Administration's regulatory agenda is killing jobs. We must put it in check.
I appreciate the American Soybean Association's support of our Pesticides bill.  It is essential to simplify the Government's redundant and wasteful regulations. 
Senator Rubio To Oppose Hagel’s Confirmation For Secretary Of Defense: http://t.co/DyvqFnCX
Sessions is appearing now on the Dan Morris Radio Show
After yesterday's gun hearing, Sen. Sessions made the following comments:  "I was the federal prosecutor for the Southern District of Alabama, and we aggressively went after those who were found with guns in their possession during the commission of crimes. To this day, that district has the highest rate of federal gun prosecutions of anywhere in the country, and I am convinced that we sent a message to criminals. We saw a decline in the violent crime rate as a result.  Under the Obama Administration, prosecution of criminals for gun crimes has fallen significantly. So they are pushing for new laws to infringe on the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans while failing to do the one thing that will truly save lives: going after criminals for gun crimes."
Great seeing Dr. Evans Whitaker, President of Anderson University, in the Capitol today.
I've joined my colleagues in working to rein in the NLRB and affirm the Constitution of the United States - we introduced legislation to stop paying unconstitutional appointees to the board and stop the unconstitutionally-filled board from making decisions that affect the lives and incomes of American families.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339500
Very disappointing: The Senate just defeated the debt limit amendments from me and Sen. Rob Portman that would have ended government by cliff. What a missed opportunity.
I’m introducing an amendment to the debt limit bill this morning that will eliminate the possibility of federal government default and ensure that our soldiers get paid and our seniors receive the Social Security benefits they deserve if Congress does not immediately raise the debt ceiling.
