Great to see so many Missourians at this morning’s March for Life in Washington as we keep fighting to protect every human life.
I visited two child advocacy centers in Northwest Missouri today to talk about ways that we can better protect our nation’s most vulnerable children. Congress can start by reauthorizing the Victims Of Child Abuse Act.
With students from Harrison High School
Heading to Lafayette this afternoon. Marsha and I ask that you continue to keep the victim's family and entire Purdue community in your prayers.
NA
Highly recommend half chocolate/half coffee at South Bend Chocolate Co to keep you warm during this snow!
Senator Coats discusses The Indiana Way, a 10-point legislative agenda for 2014 based on ideas from Hoosiers, in West Lafayette.
NA
This morning I discussed The Indiana Way, my 10-point legislative agenda for 2014, at South Bend Chocolate Café
According to many news reports, only 24 percent of ObamaCare’s enrollees are young people,  which is well below the 40 percent enrollment benchmark set by the administration for the critical 18- to 34-year-old age group.  Seniors, who on average are more expensive to insure, made up the single largest group of ObamaCare enrollees.  These enrollment numbers are problematic in that the president’s health care law relies heavily on the younger demographic—those less likely to need critical care—to unfairly shoulder the costs for those that will likely be more costly to the system.  Under Obamacare, Americans of all ages will continue to see their premiums rise, out-of-pocket costs increase and doctor choice and access diminish.
Taking a close up look at a T-38 at Sheppard Air Force Base. Always impressed by the second-to-none technology and skills of the airmen and women at Sheppard AFB.
Cornyn Statement on the Southern Portion of the Keystone XL Pipeline Coming Online:
Speaking to the Wichita Falls Chamber about the keys to getting our economy back on track, which starts with doing away with the Obama Administration's burdensome big-government policies that have made things worse over the past 5 years. We need to embrace the Texas model of less government, less regulations and doing all we can to promote energy development here at home to create quality jobs and make us more energy independent.
NA
Cornyn Statement on 2014 March for Life:  "I thank all of the Texans who have traveled to Washington to make their voices heard on this important issue.  I take seriously my responsibility to fight for legislation that protects and defends all human life.  In this past year, I’ve sponsored legislation to protect the unborn, and your presence here today sends a message to lawmakers that every human life ought to be protected under our nation’s laws."
January is National Mentoring Month, and the students participating in Big Brothers Big Sisters at North Dallas High School are a great reminder of what a difference getting involved can make in someone's life.
Must watch and share: Brit Hume makes a powerful case for defending life. #Stand4Life
The #IRS targeted conservatives, now they want to silence conservatives! Help stop it:
#MakeDCListen
Americans all over the nation are asking questions about the economy, Obamacare, the IRS, Benghazi, and the NSA that aren’t being answered. However, as the President prepares his State of the Union address, he has signaled he has no intention of clearing the air.  The lack of accountability in Washington is creating a crisis of confidence in this country, and under President Obama, trust in government is approaching record lows. It no longer seems like Washington is protecting America. Washington is protecting Washington. These are the questions I hear when I’m home in Texas, and these are the questions the President should answer in order to restore credibility with the people. The State of the Union will be stronger for it.
Today, thousands of people march to the Supreme Court with heavy hearts. It is a solemn ritual, one that reminds us of the tragic loss of over 56 million unborn lives.   Fifty-six million boys and girls who never drew a breath of air. Poets and inventors, doctors and athletes, explorers and musicians, the world is far the poorer for their loss.   Every human life is a precious gift from God, and our law should protect innocent human life. Yet 41 years ago, the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade decision overturned the Texas law that prohibited abortion on demand.   As we mourn the loss of millions of souls, we also commemorate the good work that citizens continue to do to fervently defend life. Beyond the thousands of marchers in Washington today, countless individuals are devoted to affirming life, to promoting adoption and to helping provide comfort and aid to new mothers in distress. Their efforts have continued to make significant steps towards valuing the dignity of each human life.   This past year, we saw the horror of late-term abortionist Kermit Gosnell, who was convicted of deliberately killing babies already born. The tragedy of that case can never be undone, but the fact that he was found guilty by a jury of his peers in Philadelphia is a small step towards basic human decency.   In time, we can all hope that we can come together and create a culture of life, where every human life is protected, cherished, and respected.
Check out and SHARE The March for Life's Storify for #WhyWeMarch in DC today:
Local governments all across the nation provide services on federal land, even though they are not able to collect the property tax they would receive if the lands were under private ownership. This is why the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program is so important. It honors a commitment that the federal government has made to the nearly 1,900 counties in 49 states that rely on these funds to offset this loss of local revenue. It’s also an issue that the Wyoming delegation continues to fight for, especially when the federal government threatens to not honor the commitments it has made. I recently joined Senator Barrasso and a bipartisan coalition of senators in offering an amendment to the $1.1 trillion spending bill that would restore the PILT funding. While the majority leader blocked our efforts, we will continue to look for ways to return what is rightly owed to Wyoming and other rural communities.
Had the pleasure of speaking at the Nebraska Investment Finance Authority's awards luncheon today in Omaha. Very grateful for the  organization's encouragement of investment in Nebraska to help promote economic growth and job creation in our state.
In Omaha this morning speaking with David Earl for KETV's Sunday program "The Chronicle." Tune in to watch my interview Sunday at 10:00am CT.
Joining KFAB's Good Morning Show at 8:20 CT. Tune in here: http://www.iheart.com/live/1325/?autoplay=true
Since 1973, untold millions of babies have been aborted as a result of the Supreme Court’s Roe vs Wade ruling.  Today, marks its 41st anniversary and once again, tens of thousands of pro-life supporters took to Washington to stand for life.  While I disagree with that Supreme Court ruling, I am very proud of the progress that has been made through the years in protecting the unborn.    Working together we have passed the Unborn Victims of Violence Act and the Partial Birth Abortion Ban.  Those were landmark achievements in protecting the unborn, and we are rightfully proud of those accomplishments.  But I believe there is much more that needs to be done.   Today, we are presented with a new challenge and opportunity by way of the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act which I recently introduced in the Senate.    Science and technology have advanced tremendously since Roe vs Wade was handed down in 1973.  For instance, we now know that an unborn child at the twentieth week of pregnancy can feel pain and that anesthesia is administered directly to unborn children in second trimester fetal surgery.    Given these facts, I believe there is a compelling interest to protect these unborn children who are among the most vulnerable in our society.   The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act would save roughly 18,000 unborn children each year by establishing a nationwide legal ban on abortion after five months -- more than halfway through a mother's pregnancy.   This legislation marks the new front in our fight to secure the rights of the unborn.   I look forward to pushing the Pain Capable bill and other pro-life causes forward this year.  The fight for the rights of the unborn must continue.
Graham said when he was given the option to take health care under the Washington, D.C., insurance exchange and receive subsidies for the government, or sign up for health care in the state as an individual, he chose the latter.  “I decided to sign up in S.C. to live the life that people in my state are going to live. My premiums almost tripled and my deductibles went up to over $6,000 from less than $1,000,” he said. “I'm not whining; but I'm paying a lot more and getting a lot less.”  He said an alternative solution could be opening up the competition and allowing families to seek out their own health care packages, including shopping outside of their state's borders.  “If you can find a better deal for your business or your family in California, you should be able to buy a policy in California and not just restrict it to the companies in South Carolina,” Graham said.
I had a great time visiting and learning about the operations of the Walgreens Distribution Center in Williamston today.
UNI open forum on whistleblower protection and accountability  I gave paper and did Q&A  abt 49 in attendance
Went back to my university UNI  to do Q&A w Iowa Politics class for Prof Larimer  hopefully I supplement textbook w real world of govt
Briefed Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James about legislation we've introduced to fix the reduction in the military retiree cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA) that was included in the recent budget agreement. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-briefs-air-force-sec-james-on-his-legislation-to-fix-military-pension-cola-reductions
We wanted Air Force Secretary James to see the critical role that Minot Air Force base plays in our nation’s defense and how important it is that they have the infrastructure and resources they need to fulfill their missions for our country’s security. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-highlights-minot-air-base-s-critical-defense-role-in-minot-meeting-with-new-air-force-secretary-james
Go Bison!
 
 Read Senate resolution commending team's championship win: http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/z?c113:S.RES.332.ATS:/
At Fargodome this afternoon to present Senate resolution to championship Bison.  Honored to join the many fans and alumni who comprise Bison Nation in extending my congratulations to everyone who has lent to this team’s success.  Go Bison!  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-presents-ndsu-football-team-with-senate-resolution-to-honor-championship-season
“We have worked hard in North Dakota to diversify and grow our economy, and it shows. The eastern part of our state is leading in technology, just as the west leads in energy development, with agriculture as our solid, ever-growing foundation. By making the right investments, forging partnerships between our research institutions and private industry and creating a legal, tax and regulatory environment that supports innovation and entrepreneurship, we have helped make our state a dynamic competitor in the high-tech sector. Through this new addition, NDSU and its partners will be able to continue that growth through products such as next generation printable and flexible electronics, coatings for solar cells, energy storage and battery products and production of chemical feedstocks from renewable crop oils.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=01c74c00-2aa6-4e61-8f40-c9285760d5a7
Praying for all students and faculty at OU. Follow The Oklahoma Daily/OUDaily.com for the latest updates and alerts: http://www.oudaily.com/news/campus/alleged-shot-fired-at-gould-hall/article_0f17d37c-838a-11e3-8472-001a4bcf6878.html
I’m proud to witness the strength people obtain by speaking for those who cannot. The annual March for Life is about peacefully standing in the gap for the most vulnerable among us, and I applaud the many who participated today in spite of the inclement weather. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-commends-annual-march-for-life
Follow the money we're unfreezing for Iran: how is this good for U.S. national security?
Proud to have Washington, Illinois, Mayor Gary Manier as my guest at next week's State of the Union. I saw firsthand with Mayor Manier the devastation from November's deadly tornadoes, and the denial of Public Assistance for this community shows why FEMA must re-assess how it determines aid. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=979
Take a look at the White House's Iranian appeasement schedule; what happens when the money runs out?
I am looking forward to delivering the official tea party response to President Obama's State of the Union address.  It looks like the president plans to focus on several issues that I have been addressing while rolling out my conservative reform agenda.  If this speech is anything like his past speeches that I have attended, he will call for massive expansions of government power to address these issues.  I am looking for ideas to incorporate in my response.  Tell me in the comments how you would respond to his speech and invite your friends to join the discussion. #SOTU
On this, the 41st anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision, I reaffirm my commitment to protecting life. Since Roe v. Wade, approximately 55 million babies have been aborted in the United States. Abortion is a heartbreaking assault on the defenseless, and I am grateful for the many individuals who are standing up and continuing to fight for restoring America’s respect for life. #ProLife
#MarchforLife “For more than four decades, Americans of all ages and walks of life, including many dedicated Kentuckians, have descended on Washington to give witness to a simple truth: that all human life is sacred and worthy of protection by law.” http://1.usa.gov/1kYjwde
I am extremely proud of the students from Benedictine College in Atchison, Kansas, who led tens-of-thousands of abortion opponents today as they kicked off the annual March for Life in Washington, D.C. The passion of these students speaks volumes for their generation as they advocate for the inherent dignity of every human life, especially life in its most innocent form. The right to life is fundamental and deserves our protection. I am grateful for the many Kansas students and chaperones who made the 48-hour bus ride to Washington and braved freezing temperatures to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves.
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with the Overland Park Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, Past Chairs and Government Affairs Committee. We discussed a myriad of topics including infrastructure funding, regulatory reform, reducing the deficit, entrepreneurship and fiscal responsibility. I appreciated their input, and will continue working to create an environment where their businesses can succeed. Pictured with me here (left to right) is Chairman of the Board Jim Holland, Government Affairs Chair Tom Robinett, President Tracey Osborne and Vice President of Government Affairs Jennifer Bruning.
Thank you very much to the United States Coast Guard for the warm welcome and briefing at the new Command Center in Anchorage.  Alaskans appreciate all your hard work and long hours.
Very excited about yet another Alaskan headed to the Olympics in Sochi! Way to go Eric! Alaska will be cheering you on!
Glad to receive assurance from the Air Force to keep SAM 26000, which formerly served as Air Force One for multiple presidents, at the National Museum of the United States Air Force in Dayton as part of the Presidential Aircraft Gallery.
A stronger America begins with protecting the unborn. 40 years and still marching for life. #prolife #whywemarch
Since the Roe v. Wade decision in 1973, 55 million abortions have taken place in America. The question remains, can a civilization long endure if it does not respect Life? It is the government's duty to protect life, liberty, and property, but primarily and most importantly, a government must protect Life.  In order to protect the unborn from the very moment Life begins, I introduced the Life at Conception Act. Today, our nation wavers and our moral compass is adrift. Only when America chooses, remembers and restores her respect for life will we re-discover our moral bearings and truly find our way.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1080
Good to be with such hardworking educators at the Kansas Workforce Summit today. These folks do incredible work to help the Kansas economy.
It was a great day to be at the Kansas State Capitol with my friends Governor Brownback, Congressman Huelskamp, Mary Kay Culp and everyone else from Kansans for Life to stand up and rally for the sanctity of all life.
It was a real honor to be on hand today in Topeka as the Walmart Foundation and it's Kansas Giving Program awarded over $600,00 to 13 Kansas non-profits. These are great organizations that do so much for their communities. Thank you to them and thank you to Walmart.
Senator Rubio Concludes Official Visit To The Philippines: http://1.usa.gov/19OD0fx
 
 Pictured below: Rubio meets with Congressman Manny Pacquiao.
Senator Rubio Visits The Philippines, Tours Area Of Typhoon Recovery Efforts: http://1.usa.gov/1fcKhUd
 
 Pictured below: Rubio listens as Mayor Alfred Romualdez describes how the storm surge rose 20 feet in Tacloban, Philippines.
NA
In case you missed it: I responded to recent attacks from the NAACP on Fox News with Megyn Kelly   You can watch here: http://youtu.be/ER8oOKcu1QE
With every hope we'll find a cause and cure, I’m joining the bipartisan Congressional task force on Alzheimer’s. #ENDALZ
Was pleased to join the Kiwanis group in Columbus today to talk about the economic growth taking place in the Golden Triangle.
