Senator Alexander said the IRS’s new guidelines for eligibility for the wind PTC now make it easier for more projects to qualify for “Washington’s most conspicuous, wasteful taxpayer subsidy,” which expired at the end of 2013 and “unfairly burdens Tennesseans.” These new guidelines will increase the total cost of this subsidy to taxpayers, which is already over tens of billions of dollars.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=0f748b13-b3ad-4c45-8fb5-700534679614
Senator Ayotte continued her "Conversations with Kelly" tour of New Hampshire businesses in Colebrook on Friday where she met with business owners and workers at Codet Manufacturing, Kheops International and Tillotson Performance Polymers.  She also stopped for lunch at the Dancing Bear Pub and attended the annual North Country Moose Festival!
NA
NA
Over 600 ppl came to centennial of JewishFederation of Greater DesMoines   Actor Richard Dreyfus was speaker
“We’re working to ensure that farm bill programs are implemented in an effective and efficient way and that it includes input from our farmers and ranchers. This roundtable provides Under Secretary Scuse with the opportunity to hear directly from North Dakota producers as USDA works to implement the farm bill. Our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job producing food, fuel and fiber for our nation, and we need to ensure that they have the information and support they need to run their operations. ”
Are you in the Chilton area? Come and say hi to Senator Johnson! He will be hosting a town hall today at 2:30 pm CT. Check his website for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1v5Keos .
My next town hall will be in Layton on Tuesday night.  All are invited, and we will be focusing on the needs of Utah's veterans and military community.  I hope to see you there.
"Millions of Americans are out of work. Many are long-term unemployed. Yet today, 1 out of 3 jobs requires a government license — government permission just to work.  "And once you do have a job, there are thousands of pages of, 'Don’t do this. Not like that. That’s not approved."
This is a collection of pictures from my visit to Cache County on August 19, 2014.
Stopped for lunch at the North Rim of the Grand Canyon today - one of the most beautiful places on earth! #Arizona
NA
Today at JBER, command of the the U.S. Air Force’s 3rd Wing was handed over from Colonel David Nahom to Colonel Charles Corcoran. Thank you Col. Nahom for your service to our country, especially here in Alaska. Congratulations on your promotion to Brigadier General and we wish you and your family the best at your next assignment at the Pentagon. Welcome back to Alaska Col. Corcoran!
My Senate office and the Kentucky Department of Agriculture today held an open house at the hemp pilot project in Pembroke, Ky. Thank you to farmer Jeff Davis for hosting us, and all of the local officials and law enforcement members who attended.
Just a reminder of my upcoming town hall meetings. First up is Leawood tomorrow, Monday, August 25 at 4:30 at City Hall. Hope to see you there.
Rubio Welcomes New Disaster Assistance To Restore Apalachicola Bay Fishery: http://1.usa.gov/1txbJ8h  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today welcomed the announcement made by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to disburse $6,310,216 of new disaster assistance funding aimed to restore the oyster fishery in Apalachicola Bay Florida.    On August 12, 2013, a federal fisheries disaster was declared for the oyster fishery along the northwest coast of Florida due to excessive drought conditions in Apalachicola Bay and elsewhere in the Florida Panhandle that have caused the regional economy to suffer significantly. Historically, the Apalachicola Bay region has produced 90 percent of Florida’s oysters and 10 percent of the oysters supplied to the entire country.   “I welcome today’s long-awaited announcement to provide disaster assistance to Apalachicola Bay. This news is much-needed relief for the small business owners and families who were severely impacted by this disaster,” said Rubio. “During my trip to the region last year, I saw firsthand how essential a thriving oyster industry is to Florida’s Panhandle, and I am happy to see that we will finally start getting Florida’s oyster industry back on track.   “While I welcome today’s announcement, I remain committed to ensuring that we eventually reach a long-term solution to this problem, including restoring water flows to Apalachicola Bay,” added Rubio. “I will continue seeking a permanent solution to this, and look forward to working toward a full economic recovery for Florida’s invaluable oyster fishery.” 
Rubio, Colleagues Call For Latin American Presidents To Restore Diplomatic Relations With Israel: http://1.usa.gov/1tx83n9  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), along with Senators Bob Menendez (D-NJ), Mark Kirk (R-IL) and James Risch (R-ID), today called on the Presidents of Brazil, Peru, Chile, Ecuador, and El Salvador to return their Ambassadors to Israel and restore diplomatic relations with the country. The Latin American presidents recently recalled their Ambassadors to Israel “in protest” against Israel’s legitimate military operations.     In letters to the Latin American presidents, the senators highlighted the adverse impact that downgraded diplomatic relations will have on the ongoing conflict, and encouraged the presidents to return their Ambassadors to Israel as a symbol of their country’s commitment to peace in the Middle East.   “All loss of innocent lives during this conflict is tragic, but your government’s decision to downgrade diplomatic relations with Israel at this critical time will only embolden Hamas leaders to continue on the current course of indiscriminate rocket attacks against Israeli civilians rather than working with the Israeli government to achieve a sustainable cease fire arrangement,” the senators wrote. “Your actions send a troubling message to the United States about your government’s commitment to long-lasting peace between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization.    “We encourage you to return your Ambassador to Israel, as a symbol of your country’s steadfast commitment to achieving an enduring peace in the Middle East and the fight against the scourge of international terrorism,” the senators added. 
Sen. Sessions met with the employees of Steelcase in Athens, Alabama during a visit to the facility last week.
Thank you very much to all my second summer session DC interns!    Interested in a U.S. Senate Internship? Learn more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/interested-us-senate-internship
Great piece about my bill to protect kids at school.  "...the goal of protecting children should outweigh all other considerations."
Wicker Report | RESTORE is a crucial part of the recovery process, giving states the authority and flexibility to address their most critical needs.  In addition to environmental harm, the spill caused extensive economic damage along the Gulf Coast, devastating livelihoods and threatening the long-term way of life in our coastal communities.  RESTORE recognizes the complexity of the oil spill’s repercussions and will empower local leaders to be decision-makers in finding solutions. 
