LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that President Obama’s nominee to be U.S. surgeon general shouldn’t use the “bully pulpit” as “the nation’s doctor” to advance his ideological goals in favor of Obamacare and gun control.  Today Alexander pressed President Obama’s nominee for U.S. surgeon general, Dr. Vivek Murthy, on whether he would use the position to advance his ideological goals in favor of the “historic mistake” of Obamacare and gun control. Alexander noted that Murthy is an advocate of gun control, once saying on the social media website Twitter that he was “tired of politicians…[who are] scared of the NRA.” Alexander said, “I would hope you know that Americans have a First Amendment right to advocate the Second Amendment or any other amendment, and the Second Amendment is not a special interest group – it’s part of our Constitution.” http://bit.ly/1fsqCPW 
This afternoon Senator Ayotte met with AP U.S. Government students from the Dublin School.
For two long years, farm families and rural communities have waited for a Farm Bill. While this may not be the best possible bill – it’s the best bill possible right now. Programs in this bill touch the lives of every American, in every community, in every state. We must provide much-needed certainty for farmers and ranchers so that they can continue to feed America and the world.
ICYMI: Special Report with Bret Baier on #Benghazi.
Last year, I wrote the IRS demanding that bonuses be suspended in light of the IRS abuse of the Constitutional rights of conservative organizations. They said then that bonuses were not permissible, but now that the media is no longer focused on them, the IRS is changing its tune. I intend to work with my colleagues to stop these bonuses and make sure that those who infringed on the rights of Americans are held accountable. 
Check out this article by Time on the Patient CARE Act.  
More bad news for the American people -- a new CBO report has found that #Obamacare will “reduce the number of full-time workers by roughly 2.3 million people through 2021 and insure 2 million fewer people this year than previously estimated.” #brokenpromises #trainwreck
This represents years of hard work that provides predictability to the agriculture community. Our farmers, ranchers and agriculture producers deserve a Farm Bill that provides them with the safety net and certainty they need to continue supplying our country with the safest, most abundant food supply in the world. While not perfect, this bill provides an equitable safety net for our nation’s agriculture producers, makes significant policy reforms and achieves major savings toward deficit reduction.
Thank you to the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the U.S. for the honor of the G.V. “Sonny” Montgomery Eagle Award for our work on behalf of our enlisted soldiers and the airmen of the National Guard. I am committed to fighting for our members of the military, our veterans and their families.
Due to inclement weather, my staff has canceled today's Mobile Office Hours in Rockport. It will be rescheduled at a later date.
I am deeply concerned about projected job losses due to Obamacare and the long-term debt forecast in the new Budget and Economic Outlook released today by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO).  The report reveals that Obamacare is a job-killer and will reduce the number of full-time workers by more than two million as the full impact of the law is felt by the American economy. Labor force participation will continue to decline over the next several years to 62.5 percent by the end of 2017, fueled in part by disincentives to work in Obamacare.  Ironically, many of the same people the law intends to help – low income families – are the ones being punished by Obamacare’s mandates on employers. One of the pillars of The Indiana Way, my legislative agenda for 2014, is promoting alternative solutions to replace Obamacare with step-by-step reforms. Millions of American jobs are dependent on limiting the negative impacts of the law.  The CBO report also projects that the national debt will continue to rise rapidly over the next decade, peaking at 79 percent of gross domestic product by 2024. The gross federal debt in 2014 is projected to reach $17.7 trillion, which is a figure larger than the entire economy and an increase of over $7 trillion since President Obama took office. These findings are another siren alerting Washington to the stark reality that our country desperately needs a real debt-reduction agreement. Making tough fiscal choices is the only way to stabilize the nation’s long-term financial future.
With another round of heavy snow and ice coming in Indiana, please be safe out there when traveling today and tomorrow. 
It has been nearly six years since Congress last authorized a farm bill, and Indiana’s agriculture community has waited long enough. Agriculture contributes 190,000 jobs and $38 billion to Indiana’s economy every year. For that reason, today I will vote in favor of a farm bill that for the first time will save taxpayer money. The bill will cut food stamp spending by $8 billion, eliminate nearly 100 federal programs, and end direct payments which combined will save taxpayers over $16 billion.  http://journalgazette.com/article/20140203/LOCAL0202/140209813/0/SEARCH 
News Release: Today is a great day for Idaho’s agriculture and forest industries throughout the state.  I joined a bipartisan majority in the U.S. Senate and voted to approve the House-passed Agricultural Act of 2014 conference report, commonly known as the Farm Bill.  While far from perfect, this bill is a far-cry from the status quo and will help producers continue providing a safe and abundant food supply.  In all, the Farm Bill consolidates the number of conservation programs by half, slashes $23 billion in federal spending by ending direct payments and streamlines other duplicative federal programs.  Unfortunately, an opportunity was missed to enact even more reforms that extend to the bottom-line spending.  Specifically, Idaho and American agriculture producers have stepped up to make sacrifices that will lower spending and contribute to deficit reduction, but the nutrition title, which comprises approximately three quarters of the bill’s total price tag, should have received much more scrutiny.   The importance of the Farm Bill to Idaho cannot be overstated.  But, even with its passage, we must continue to find ways to implement further market-based reforms that create an environment for growth, eliminate unnecessary obstacles for producers and continue to reduce the budget deficit. 
The importance of the Farm Bill to Idaho cannot be overstated and I will support its final passage today. #idpol
Cornyn: CBO Confirms Obamacare Making Economy Worse:
Got the chance to meet Monica Dominguez, an El Paso counselor, who was recently named an ASCA School Counselor of Year finalist.
Senator Corker released the following statement after the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office announced today that the U.S. will add over $9 trillion in new debt and nearly double Medicare and Social Security spending over the next ten years. The report also finds that the health care law will continue to negatively impact economic growth and result in 2.5 million fewer Americans working in the next decade.  “Today’s CBO report gives a sobering outlook on our economy.  It confirms what we’ve known all along: The health care law is having a tremendously negative impact on economic growth, while entitlement spending continues to drive our nation’s debt to historic levels. Reforming Medicare and Social Security so they are strong and solvent is the only way to put our country on a sound fiscal path that will allow for continued growth and prosperity,” said Corker.   http://1.usa.gov/1kOjykj 
Today at 1 p.m. ET, Senator Corker will discuss the Iran nuclear negotiations on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports.”
Today at 10:00 a.m. ET, Senator Corker participates in a hearing on negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program.  Watch it live now: http://1.usa.gov/1eQix6g
President Obama’s claims on U.S. foreign policy belong in the realm of fantasy.
Agriculture is essential to the Texas economy and to our nation, and I am proud to support our farmers and ranchers as they feed America and the world.  Unfortunately, this bill is not really a Farm Bill, it’s a Food Stamps bill with some farm provisions. Instead of locking people into an endless cycle of dependence, we should be focused on making it easier for people to stand on their own feet by getting this weak economy booming. That’s the American Dream.  We should address the true needs of American farmers, but this bill doesn’t do that. Instead, it discards most of the positive reforms in the House bill, and it spends $352 billion more than the last Farm Bill.
The Obama Administration’s abuse of power ought to concern everyone:
Q: What would you call it if you took jobs away from nearly the entire population of Nevada?   A: What Obamacare is doing to our nation’s workforce. #FullRepeal
If a President can pick and choose which laws to follow, he is no longer a President. And that is dangerous.
Texas must constantly defend itself against President Obama’s expansive view of federal power.
70 years ago, the "Four Chaplains" Rev. George Fox (Methodist), Rabbi Alexander Goode, Father John P. Washington (Roman Catholic) and Rev. Clark V. Poling (Dutch Reformed), gave their lives that others may live.  Today we remember their heroic sacrifice that represents the selfless valor of our military chaplains: http://bit.ly/MUadfB   The new plaque at the Mt. Soledad monument is a fitting memorial:
Congratulations to Olympic alpine skier Resi Stiegler of Jackson. I applaud the hard work and training you’ve been doing in preparation for your second Winter Olympics. You can count on our support as you compete in the Sochi games, which begin this week. I’ll be cheering for all the American teams first, but I also wish Winston Watts and the other members of the Jamaican Bobsled Team luck. They have been training in Evanston.
The health care law will increase our federal deficit by a trillion dollars, slow economic growth, and cost millions of jobs according to a new report by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. The president, in his State of the Union speech, said that the health care law would improve the financial security of Americans. This report seems to say otherwise. We don’t have to sit on our hands while that happens. We have alternatives and if the public puts enough pressure on the Senate majority leader and those he’s trying to protect by preventing votes, we can put positive changes in place.
A government-funded handout by another name is still a government-funded handout.
“Taxpayers in Arizona, Colorado, New York, South Dakota, Tennessee and Utah essentially paid twice to operate the parks. Most of the costs to operate the parks are obviously personnel. The Appropriations Act of 2013 retroactively backfilled the salaries, so that represents a windfall to the department. Now we in Arizona would like, as was done in the 1990s during the previous shutdown, to be reimbursed for those costs...” 
NA
Unfortunately, propane supply and distribution challenges have come during the season of highest demand, and many Nebraskans have been affected by shortages. Please visit my website for safety information, guidelines, and resources available to Nebraskans as shortages remain ongoing.
“Last year he got the lie of the year award for saying, ‘If you like your health care, you can keep it.’ He’s going to have back-to-back titles by saying this [about Benghazi],” Graham said Monday  “This will catch up with him because they’re misleading us and the president is still misleading us. You would have to suspend disbelief, as someone famously said, to believe what the president said to Bill O’Reilly,” the senator said. 
If the Obama Administration rejects Keystone XL it will be one of the most short-sighted decisions in memory.  I was one of the first members of the United States Senate to visit the Canadian oil sands to see first-hand how this resource could benefit our country. I know from my own personal experience, and in spite of all the heated rhetoric, issues like Keystone XL really don't get much simpler to resolve.  
As co-chair of the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth, Senator Grassley would like to thank all who work for foster care advocacy.  Grassley also wants to share helpful resources.  A special thanks to Lynn Tonini for the website devoted to foster youth and providing resources to those who may age out: http://agingoutinstitute.com/.  More to come.  
The Iowa City/North Liberty/Coralville Chamber of Commerce delegation met with Senator Grassley in Washington, D.C.  The group spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their communities including flood mitigation, infrastructure funding, and transportation.
Mark Zuckerberg and I agree on the need for a more open and transparent government when it comes to #NSA surveillance. WATCH: http://on.today.com/1lyp7Hy
The farm bill is one of the most important bills Congress passes, with the need to balance the interests of America’s tremendous agricultural industry. Our bill will ensure that Americans continue to enjoy the most diverse, affordable and high quality food, fuel and fiber products in the world. It’s is a win for the nation’s agricultural producers, who now have the certainty to plan for the future, a win for the 16 million people working in the industry and a big win for American consumers.
Watch a portion of the press conference I led today urging the Administration to approve the Keystone XL pipeline today. 
The Administration has spent more than five years studying this project, and five environmental impact statements have each found that the Keystone XL pipeline poses no significant risk to the environment. It’s past time for the president to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. We need the jobs, the economic benefits and the energy security this pipeline will help provide. Keystone XL is in our national interest, and the President should approve it today. 
Every year many Americans face unexpected financial tolls and personal losses from natural disasters, of which Oklahomans experienced some of the harshest last year when tornadoes devastated portions of our state. That is why today I introduced the Disaster Savings Accounts Act of 2014 that would provide Americans the ability to save money using a tax-preferred account to be used for the mitigation of, or recovery from, natural disasters. This account empowers Americans to create their own savings account for revitalization instead of waiting for an unknown period of time for government assistance.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-disaster-savings-accounts-bill 
After discovering that at least 1,800  veteran records have been mishandled or destroyed at the Nation Personnel Records Center (NPRC), I have asked the NPRC Director Scott Levins to answer how this happened and how he plans to prevent it in the future. The NRPC promises on its website to "actively protect" its 100 million veterans' files and the files of all inactive federal personnel. The alleged criminal activity that has unfolded with two NPRC employees is unacceptable, I hope Mr. Levins will be quick to respond to my request.    http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-requests-answers-to-1800-veterans-records-destroyed-misplaced-by-nprc 
I support Chairman Lucas’ important reforms to commodity programs for the benefit of our farmers and ranchers in Oklahoma and across the nation; however, I simply cannot support the lack of reforms to entitlement programs that Senate Democrats maintained in the farm bill conference report. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-to-vote-no-on-farm-bill-in-senate 
The latest sign Obamacare needs reform: a new CBO report says the law will cut 2.3 million workers from our workforce. 
I support the #FarmBill because it is crucial to the 70,000 farms that employ almost 1 million people in #Illinois. This compromise legislation also cuts $23 billion in real entitlement reform and is an example of working together to reduce our nation's deficit.
Met with the Illinois Association of School Boards today to discuss the importance of reauthorizing ESEA.
The Farm Bill is a monument to every dysfunction Washington indulges to bend our politics and twist our economy to benefit itself at the expense of the American people.  The topline talking point among defenders of this bill is the word “compromise.” “The Farm Bill,” we are told, “may be imperfect, but it’s a compromise we can all live with.”   They said, “Negotiators from both houses and both parties came together and hammered out a deal.”  They said, “This is how you get things done in Washington.”  There is some truth in this. But it’s more of a half truth. There absolutely is compromise in this thousand-page, trillion-dollar mess. But it’s not a compromise between House Republicans and Senate Democrats.  No, it’s collusion between both parties against the American people, it benefits the special interests at the expense of the national interest.  This bill does not demonstrate how to do things in Washington, but how to do things for Washington.  
Glad to see my friend Bernard "The Executioner" Hopkins today - he's one of the all-time great champions and warriors of boxing
Glad to see my friend Bernard Hopkins today - he is one of the all-time great boxing champions and warriors.
Yesterday in Nashville, my friends Glenn and Elaine Mull, their daughter Amy Harter and granddaughter Samantha Harter were killed in a plane crash during a landing attempt. Glenn was a devoted husband, father and grandfather. Both he and his wife Elaine were well-known for their generous spirit and commitment to improving Pawnee County. Robba and I ask all Kansans to join us in keeping their family and friends in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.  I also encourage you to read the heartfelt tribute to their family from a complete stranger and resident of the community within Nashville where the plane crashed.
Today, the Congressional Budget Office reported that the Affordable Care Act will take a greater toll on the workforce than originally estimated. CBO estimates that, by 2021, 2.3 million full-time workers will find themselves out of work because of the ACA. Federal policies should foster job growth and economic expansion rather than forcing employers to cut jobs and working hours for employees.
I committed to Alaskans that I would make difficult decisions when it comes to curbing federal spending. And that's why I cannot in good conscience support the Farm Bill -- which continues billions of dollars of wasteful spending in the Lower 48 compared to the relatively small benefits for Alaskans. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=cd4d228b-be14-475a-816a-029937f08dbb
Yesterday I met with United States Army General Charles Jacoby, Commander of NORAD and the US Northern Command. We talked about progress on the Arctic Defense Agenda. It was a great meeting and I look forward to working with him in the future.  #ArcticWeek
Earlier today, an Interior Department assistant secretary nominee came before the Energy Committee, and I let her know that Alaska has not forgotten about their heartless decision against the King Cove decision – and that choosing birds over children and emergency health transportation is a fatal decision we don’t accept.
Thank goodness for technology!  Even though I try and visit food banks around Alaska every time I am able to come home, I’m connecting and talking with the great people at the Alaska Food Coalition annual meeting in Juneau to hear what’s on their mind.
Today’s troubling CBO report confirms what we already know – Obamacare is bad for jobs and hurts middle-class Ohio families, costing the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs in the next decade. 
Pressed for answers on IRS scandal on Fox News with Bill Hemmer. The President should not prejudge the outcome of ongoing investigations. Watch here: 
In case you missed it: I joined Wolf Blizter on CNN's The Situation Room to discuss the latest CBO report and the devastating effect Obamacare will have on job creation in America.  WATCH:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F80Fopvf5_I
Pennsylvania small business employee: "They call it the affordable health plan. There's nothing affordable about it. I can't afford it."  Americans all over our country are reacting in the same way: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8W5EtRu-Xm4&feature=youtu.be
Earlier today, I had the privilege of meeting representatives from the Kentucky chapter of Delta Sigma Theta
Today I voted against final passage of the 2014 Farm Bill because it goes backwards towards protectionist subsidy programs, instead of forward with innovative and responsible solutions for producers and the taxpayer. We can and should do better for agriculture.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IESC5rQ2hFI&feature=youtu.be
Had a great time meeting with Baker University(Official) President Dr. Pat Long, President-Elect Dr. Lynne Murray, and Mary Larson Diaz today. I enjoyed our discussion about the Higher Education Act and the Baker Wetlands.
Recent CBO report shows #Obamacare is worse than projected. Expected slow economic growth over the next decade, costing the nation about 2.5 million jobs and contributing to a $2 trillion increase in projected deficits.
It was a pleasure today to meet with Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, Dr. Trewyn, and Sue Peterson to discuss NBAF construction and increasing research at the University’s Biosecurity Research Institute (BRI).
Most of Kansas is getting hammered by severe snow storms today.  Be sure to stay safe out there and stay off the roads if you can.
"The Affordable Care Act will also reduce the number of fulltime workers by more than 2 million in coming years, congressional budget analysts said in the most detailed analysis of the law’s impact on jobs."  http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/cbo-botched-health-care-law-rollout-will-reduce-signups-by-1-million-people/2014/02/04/c78577d0-8dac-11e3-98ab-fe5228217bd1_story.html
From BET: Sen. Tim Scott's Unconventional Listening Tour of South Carolina   http://www.bet.com/news/politics/2014/02/03/sen-tim-scott-uncoventional-listening-tour-of-south-carolina.html
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reports #Obamacare will cost 2.5 million jobs. This is as predictable as it is devastating.
Good article on flood insurance from LancasterOnline.com.
Unbelievable. Or is it? #Obamacare 
Interesting and hopeful.  http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303519404579353442155924498?mod=ITP_pageone_0
Thanks to Philadelphia City Council for naming 2014 the ‘Year of the Veteran in Philadelphia’!
Agriculture plays a major role in Mississippi – not only for putting food on the table but also in providing a livelihood for many families. This Farm Bill supports Mississippi’s hardworking farmers and ensures consumers have access to safe and affordable food.
Please tune in to CNN tonight at 5:30 PM CT.  I'll be on Crossfire with Senator Jon Tester.
