Looking forward to joining Senator Angus King (I-ME) tomorrow on FOX News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 8:00 am MT on your local FOX station to talk about Obamacare.
Senator Corker met with a number of Tennesseans visiting Capitol Hill this week, including members of the American Legion Department of Tennessee, the Arnold Community Council, the Greater Nashville Regional Council, and students, teachers, and parents from Goodpasture Christian School (Madison).
Congress shld take action to stop this administration from turning over control of Internet to foreign body so dictators can sensor there
POLITICO gave ObamaCare an "A-" grade for enrollment efforts, but let us not forget that the "high" enrollment numbers are because between 40 – 67% of the health plans in the individual market are estimated to be cancelled as a result of ObamaCare. In addition, it has been estimated that between 39 -69 percent of employer group plans will be lost, along with up to 80 percent of small business plans. http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/obamacare-affordable-care-act-report-card-105121.html
After 4 years of #Obamacare, millions see costs rise, hours cut & plans lost.   Share #YourStory: http://bit.ly/contactkirk
I had a great time visiting with Kansans at Barney’s in Palco this morning. About 35 folks from around the area turned out to share concerns and give feedback on a wide range of topics — from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s decision to make the Lesser Prairie Chicken a threatened species to First Amendment rights and Obamacare. We also discussed the importance of improving health care for veterans and tackling the national debt. Thanks again to everyone who attended including Rooks Co. Commissioner John Ruder, and thanks to Barney’s for hosting the Listening Tour stop.
Getting a good dose of Kansas Common Sense this morning in Palco. Hope you can join me at my town hall meeting at Barney's on Main Street.
In Parsons Friday I also toured Labette Health, which has provided care to families in southeast Kansas since 1961. In addition to the main hospital campus, LH operates clinics in St. Paul and Cherryvale as well as an outpatient clinic across from their main campus in Parsons. LH also serves as a supporting hospital for Oswego Community Hospital.    During my visit, we discussed LH’s initiatives to increase patient care quality and utilize community resources to enhance health services in the area. We also discussed concerns with federal regulations that fail to take into account for the reality of delivering health care in Kansas and across rural America. As Ranking Member of Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee, I continue to advocate for reasonable regulatory flexibility for rural hospitals and other health providers to provide the care that is essential to Kansas communities. Thanks to Labette Health CEO Jodi Schmidt for hosting my visit. Pictured from left to right are Foundation Director Rod Landrum, Mary Ellen Clark with Jeffrey Byrne Associates, Jodi Schmidt, Board Member Dr. Wayne Gilmore and Board President Vince Schibi.
Touring B&N Coal Co. today in Noble County. Coal is responsible for 71% of the electricity generated in Ohio.
I will continue working to protect freedom of speech and an open internet.  http://www.nationalreview.com/node/374508 
