After this warm welcome, Sen. Alexander spent the morning talking with students at Watertown Elementary about the importance of American history and civics education. #GoPurpleTigers
This morning Sen. Alexander presented Principal Christian and students of Watertown Elementary School with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol.  If you are interested in your own flag flown over the U.S. Capitol for special occasions, Alexander’s office can help Tennesseans with that request. Please visit his website for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1fy2VZc
Business and Industry Association Washington update
A new report from CMS projects that two-thirds of Americans who work at small businesses (11 million people) will see higher premiums as a result of ACA. #trainwreck #brokenpromises
"In any case, no matter how you slice it, it does not add up to 7 million. It is dismaying that given all of the attention to this issue, the president apparently does not realize that the administration’s data are woefully inadequate for boastful assertions of this type." 
This weekend I joined David Crabtree on WRAL’s “On the Record” to discuss the Patient CARE Act. 
Clinics like ARCare play an important role in providing healthcare to communities across the state. There is great uncertainty with the healthcare system right now and that impacts patient care.
If you're swerving to avoid potholes on your daily drive, you’ll be interested in the research being done at U of A’s Mack-Blackwell Rural Transportation Center. We had the opportunity to see some of the work and testing that’s being done to make our road materials last longer and be more efficient.
Best wishes to South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg as he heads to Afghanistan. Appreciate his service to our country. 
Congratulations to The Children's Museum of Indianapolis on being voted the top family museum in the country 
Weekly Op-Ed: Ranking fifth in the nation, the Idaho Federal District Court was named one of America’s most productive courts.  The court is achieving this output even though it is operating with one fewer judge than most other districts serving this population.  Idaho is one of only three states (North Dakota and Vermont are the others) with only two authorized judgeships for the entire state.  Since the second district judge was authorized 60 years ago, Idaho’s population has grown substantially, and the court indicates that its caseload has doubled.  This leaves Idaho at a disadvantage compared to other similarly sized states.  The need for an additional judge in Idaho has been widely recognized for years.  Unfortunately, Congress has not authorized any new judgeships for any state since 2002.  Nevertheless, along with other members of the Idaho Congressional Delegation, I continue to press for the addition of a third judgeship.  
Very proud of #TeamUSA and #Idaho’s Olympians. #Olympics #Sochi2014
NA
Cornyn: Latest FWS Salamander Decision To Halt Economic Activity:
Obamacare is inflicting real harms on real Americans. #FullRepeal
Even 178 years after William Barret Travis sent this letter from the Alamo, Texans “shall never surrender or retreat."
Must watch: Reason TV does a parody of the millions being forced into part-time work because of Obamacare. If only the reality were as funny…
An important victory against the blight of drug violence that has plagued Mexico and Texas:
This is another dumb idea. The Obama Administration is disconnected from the realities of the world. 
Frankly, I couldn't believe what I heard from Susan Rice today when she said she has 'No Regrets' about what she told the nation on five different Sunday talk shows after the Benghazi attack.    Susan Rice may be comfortable about the role she played in the whole Benghazi debacle, but no one else outside of President Obama's political inner circle is.  I'm not.   It's past time she answer questions about the role she played in this whole fiasco.
NA
Protecting Americans from hackers is a top priority. I will work with Attorney General Holder to ensure your consumer data is safe.
The following link contains video clips of my addresses to the Utah House of Representatives and the Utah Senate.  You will also find an online version of my 2013 Annual Report that I shared with Utah's legislators.  I think it is important for senators to stand accountable to their state legislatures on a regular basis.  I appreciated the opportunity to update the Utah Legislature on what I am doing in the Senate.
On my trip back to Washington, DC I am proud to be representing the U.S. at the Standing Committee of Parliamentarians of the Arctic Region in Ottawa -- talking about shipping in the Northwest Passage and other economic opportunities in the Arctic.  We need to be having these proactive conversations among Americans, not just with international representatives.
Ohio students interested in learning about the Senate? Deadline for summer internship program is March 7th. More info here: 
Fun final weekend watching the incredible Team USA Olympic athletes. Now bring on March Madness!
Earlier today, I sat down with a group of home school students to discuss the importance of the 2nd Amendment
Attention college students: My office is accepting applications for summer interns. The deadline is March 1.  Visit http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=internships for more info
Today I introduced a bipartisan bill to protect rural hospitals and patients from a burdensome Medicare rule that could hurt access to quality care for rural Kansans. For more on the bill, go here: http://goo.gl/YYQ4ur 
In the first two months of 2014, Senator Shelby is visiting businesses in each of Alabama’s sixty-seven counties as part of his statewide jobs and industry tour.   Since 1987, the beginning of Shelby’s first term in the U.S. Senate, he has held more than 1,800 county visits in Alabama.
Sen. Sessions visited with local small businesses, workers, constituents, and leadership groups in 15 counties throughout the state last week. Here are a few images of his visits:
Imani Johnson, from my Philly office, visited the VA Medical Center for Valentine’s Day to present patients with cards from local students. She goes every year. Way to go!
Fantastic! Penn State's THON raises 13.3 million to fight pediatric cancer. We are! ...
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I are working to bring home our heroes:
I'm on the Senate floor right now discussing Mr. Stephen Blackwood's op-ed in today's Wall Street Journal: "ObamaCare and My Mother's Cancer Medicine." Watch by clicking the link below. 
Wicker Report | There are better ways to put Americans back to work than borrowing and spending money the government does not have. The best unemployment program is a jobs program that empowers the U.S. workforce. The question is whether President Obama and Democrats are ready to work toward bipartisan solutions that could make a positive impact in American lives.
