TUNE IN: Sen. Alexander will be on "America's News HQ" with Shannon Bream on FOX News Network tomorrow, Sunday, March 3, at 11 CT/12 ET to discuss the sequester.
Joined David Oliver in-studio at KOLR-TV yesterday to discuss the impact of sequestration and why the Senate should finally pass a budget.
Houston Chronicle: Cornyn, Carter Propose Bill to Fight Human Trafficking:
Today we celebrate Texas’ independence won 177 years ago by brave men like William B. Travis, Davy Crockett, James Bowie and the man whose seat I’m proud to hold in the U.S. Senate – Sam Houston. As Texans, we have much to be proud of and many to thank for making the Lone Star State the best state in the nation to raise a family and run a business. Entrepreneurs and business leaders are attracted to Texas because our taxes are low and our government is limited. As a result, Texas’ economy is leading the nation and our job market is growing. May we always remember those who contributed to birth of this great state and those who continue to defend it. May God bless you and yours and may He continue to bless Texas.
DHS Secretary Napolitano: Detainee release not my job
President Obama's sequestration order
Happy 177th birthday, Texas.
While battle raged at the Alamo 177 years ago, a free Republic was born when delegates from across Texas met to declare their independence from a Mexican government that had "ceased to protect the lives, liberty, and property of the people, from whom its legitimate powers are derived."
 
 The men who declared Texas Independence knew with every fiber of their being what the price of liberty was, and that same appreciation of liberty still guides the Lone Star State today. We owe it to those who sacrificed it all to fight back whenever freedom is threatened.
 
 I hope you have a happy Texas Independence Day, remember the brave Texians who laid it all on the line, and always stand for liberty.
On Sat message PresObama says Repubs must compromise on taxes to avoid sequester. Repubs did so Jan 1 $612B!! Now is time to cut $$
Senate internships available, applications due March 22
Sen. Grassley slams Holder and Mueller for jet-setting and hypocrisy - The Hill
Justice Dept. officials' air travel: $11M in four years
Wade Marrs from Wasilla tells me that he can go through 2,000 dog booties in an Iditarod- crazy!
Iditarod musher #55 Josh Cadzow gave me a lift on his sled from the airport when I was in Fort Yukon- today he gave me a lift again- literally!
I love the sounds of the Iditarod!
Ribbon cutting to officially start the Last Great Race
Ready for Iditarod!  Verne, Nic and I will be walking the chute at the Ceremonial Start- hope to see you there!
I am accepting applications for the High School Summer Internship Program in my Washington, D.C. office.  This is a unique opportunity to spend 4-weeks working in our nation’s capital is available to 20 graduating Alaskan high school seniors.  Please help me spread the word to all qualified candidates that the deadline for applications is only two weeks away on Thursday, March 14.  Find out more here:
Today, Sen. Shelby held public meetings in Barbour, Bullock, Henry, and Dale Counties - addressed sequestration and taxes, among many other issues.  Recap from the Dothan Eagle: http://www.dothaneagle.com/news/article_d85a91de-8377-11e2-985c-0019bb30f31a.html.  Geneva County up next.
On Friday, the Associated Press ran a story uncovering how the number of illegal immigrants released from ICE custody was much larger than Administration officials had indicated. Sessions commented in part:  “This revelation, added to all the other lawless conduct of ICE leadership and the Administration, ought to make priority number one for Congress to bring the Administration into compliance with federal law.”
