Nice job, Jack Heath!
I accepted the #icebucketchallenge to #strikeoutALS! Thanks to Neil Levesque and my cousin Mary Blunt for nominating me, and to my special helpers, Kate and Jake. I'll also be making a donation in support of ALS research, and I encourage you to do the same. I challenge WGIR's Jack Heath, Manchester Mayor Ted Gatsas, and Mayor Donnalee Lozeau of Nashua. Good luck!
President Obama and his administration have a very bad habit of ignoring the law and the Constitution. That’s why this week, I’m traveling our state to talk with Missourians who have been impacted by the Obama Administration’s executive over-reach and burdensome regulations. I’ll also keep calling on Senate Majority Leader Reid to allow a vote on the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” a bill I introduced to help allow Congress to hold the president accountable for failing to faithfully execute the laws. http://1.usa.gov/O1YtYL
#RobinWilliams's tragic death this week is another reminder we must continue fighting to reduce the stigma surrounding #mentalhealth by treating physical & behavioral health challenges the same way. 
Unbelievable. The Obama administration admitted it violated the law when it released thousands of illegal immigrants last February, including 600 people with criminal records. This kind of leadership failure represents yet another blatant disregard for the law and a real threat to Americans' safety. President Obama and his administration are not above the law. Congress should remind him of that fact by passing the bill I introduced, the ENFORCE the Law Act. 
Kicking off another day of discussions with Missourians about President Obama’s failure to follow the law. Started my morning at the John Twitty Energy Center in Springfield, followed by a visit to the Southeast Missouri Regional Port Authority in Scott City to discuss the impact of the EPA’s burdensome regulations. I’ll also visit with employees at the Hannibal Wastewater Treatment Plant and talk to Adair County farm families and agribusiness leaders in La Plata. Please click here to learn more about the “ENFORCE The Law Act,” which I introduced to hold the president accountable for executive overreach.
I spoke with a number of agribusiness leaders, farmers, workers, business owners, local officials, and other Missourians today about the real impact of the Obama Administration's over-regulation and executive over-reach. I started the morning meeting with river industry leaders in St. Louis, followed by a discussion with Jefferson City community leaders about the "ENFORCE The Law Act." I spent time in Kansas City talking to agribusiness leaders about the EPA's policies, and I wrapped up the afternoon talking to job creators and community leaders in St. Joseph about ways to rein in federal regulators.
Finished the day with a lesson on honey farming and pollination at Coy's Honey Farm in Brookland.
Congratulations to the Southwest champs in the Cal Ripken World Series. The Little Rock team is making Arkansas proud and playing in Aberdeen, Maryland against teams from across the world. Good luck!
Learning about sweet potato farming at Matthews Ridge View Farm in Wynne
Urgent prayer request for Pastor Saeed Abedini. #SaveSaeed
Dr. Singh is absolutely right: amnesty is unfair to legal immigrants and undermines the rule of law.
Looking back on the many joys and hardships of those before us is both a moving and inspirational experience. I am pleased that the Homesteaders Museum in Torrington is hosting the Museum on Main Street exhibit “Journey Stories”. It is a combination of engaging visuals and historic artifacts that take you on the exploration many endured from the Mayflower to the Golden State. The exhibit is in town through September 14.
Enjoyed meeting everyone who came to today’s constituent listening sessions in both Rushville and Gordon. Your input is invaluable as I seek to represent Nebraskans in the US Senate.
As summer ends and school begins, I want to wish students, faculty and families across Nebraska a wonderful year of learning!
It's almost time for football! Thanks to Coach Swinney and @ClemsonFB  for a great time at practice today. #Clemson
Pocahontas town hall w 38 ppl Topics-immig, Congo adoptn, terrorism, Iraq, EPA, debt, welfare, Obamacare, Benghazi, IRS, Reid running Senate
Senator Grassley visited the Iowa State Fair twice last week.  Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call kept up with the senator as he walked the fairgrounds and talked to Iowans.
Q&A w 46 ppl at Iowa Great Lakes Rotary Topics-Reid impeding House passed bills, Iraq, aiding Kurds, immig, housing, debt, Israel/Hamas
Estherville town hall w50 ppl Topics-worry abt Reid/Senate, Ukraine, tax extenders, IRA, coal, Iraq,Syria, immig, military/faith, TermLimits
Toured cellulosic part of POET Emmetsburg ethanol plant. Had Q&A w 25 employees on what U might expect...ethanol
“We need to build a healthy business climate, like we’ve done in North Dakota, to grow the economy, get Americans back to work and raise government revenues to reduce the deficit without tax increases. Across sectors, whether it is energy, agriculture, manufacturing or the service industry, our businesses need certainty from our government. That means we build a legal, tax, and regulatory environment where government policies enhance our businesses’ ability to operate both domestically and internationally by being simple, fair and cost-effective, not overly burdensome.”
“We’re working in a variety of ways to support our communities’ efforts to maintain their high quality of life. To that end, these funds will empower our law enforcement officials to better protect our communities from drug trafficking and violent crime through shared information and planning while also supporting substance abuse rehabilitation services.”
Congratulations to Chicago's Jackie Robinson West, representing the Great Lakes in the Little League World Series.  1st game is on Thursday at 2pm on ESPN.
"Like Reagan’s, the agenda I am describing is based on something too often missing in our politics today: respect for the American people.  "As president, Ronald Reagan understood that the forgotten Americans were the people really in charge.  And they still are.  "The people – not billionaires on Wall Street - are the customers who decided which products and services and businesses would rise and fall.  "The people – not the activists and academics and celebrities – decide the values that guide our neighborhoods and define our culture.  "And Ronald Reagan was okay with that. He celebrated it.  "His agenda was designed to give ordinary Americans even more power to make those decisions. He respected them and trusted them, and thought the government should simply get out of the way.  He knew the answer was not to get America to trust Washington; it was to get Washington to trust America.  "Today, some see it as ironic that as Reagan decentralized power to a diverse, divided nation... we came back together. But it’s not ironic at all. It’s the tried-and-true genius of the American way of life that has sustained our exceptional republic for more than two centuries."
Today, I will deliver a speech at the Reagan Ranch to commemorate the 33rd anniversary of President Reagan signing into law one of his first major economic reforms, the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981.    While Reagan’s legacy may be best remembered by what he accomplished in office, such as passing the Recovery Act, it was in the years prior to becoming president where Regan built the foundation for his future policy successes.    Today’s conservatives should adopt this lesson from Reagan and develop a reform agenda based on conservative principles that addresses the most significant challenges facing America’s “forgotten families” today: immobility amongst the poor, insecurity in the middle-class, and cronyist protection at the top.  You can watch the speech in a few minutes here: 
Kentucky Senator Mitch McConnell was in Owensboro on Monday, where he received an award from the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.  
Today, Senator Mitch McConnell called on the Senate to pass the reauthorization of the Debbie Smith Act, which provides resources to crime labs in Kentucky and across the country to help reduce the backlog of untested rape kits and other DNA evidence. At the press conference, Debbie Smith said Senator McConnell's "commitment to this legislation speaks of his devotion to women, to crime victims & their families" Senator  McConnell said Debbie Smith is a brave, strong woman & has become a tireless advocate for those who suffer terrible abuse.
Everything is bigger in Alaska, so when I was nominated to complete the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, I decided to jump into 30 degree, ice-filled water on a fishing tender boat in Southeast Alaska. Go big or go home, right? In order to continue the fight against this devastating disease, I challenge every member of the United States Senate to soak themselves with ice-cold water within 24 hours or donate money to www.ALS.net. And if they decide to jump into Alaskan waters too, even better!
President Obama needs to come to Congress to authorize any prolonged military action in Iraq, in particular any troops on the ground. The American people deserve a full debate & for their leaders to act within the Constitution.
Yesterday, I stepped away from the Senate floor and into the operating room. It is always rewarding to perform surgery for those in need.   Read more: http://www.whas11.com/news/local/Rand-Paul-steps-off-the-Senate-floor-into-operating-room-270926481.html
Olathe, Bonner Springs and Leavenworth: please join me for town hall meetings tomorrow, August 14, in your cities. Details below:
Great town hall in Derby this morning. America is going through tough times. But the Kansas motto is "to the stars through difficultly," and, if we pull together, we will come through these times stronger and more prosperous than ever.
It was a real treat to join the Sedgwick County Farm Bureau for their annual meeting and dinner last night. Kansas farmers and ranchers feed the world, and are doing great work!
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' warning about President's planned immigration actions:  "With American workers hurting, special interest groups are collaborating with the White House on measures that would pull down wages and impoverish working Americans?...  These planned executive actions would nullify our laws, invite a massive new wave of unimpeded illegality, and strip the American people of their lawful right to have their jobs and communities protected."
Today, Sen. Sessions emphasized the importance of Americans in all states reaching out to their Senators about the President’s executive amnesty.  Read the entire statement below:  “Recent developments suggest the President’s planned executive amnesty could be increasingly imminent and broad in scope. House Democrat Leader Pelosi—clearly one of the White House’s closest allies—has just urged the President to issue ‘the broadest possible’ executive actions. Open borders groups have grown bolder and louder in their unlawful demands, launching a campaign for the President to ‘go big,’ and demanding that he ‘stand up’ to Congress and ‘expand DACA.’  Will Congress defend itself? Will it defend the country's laws, its people, and the idea that a nation has enforceable borders that cannot be waived away with the flick of a pen?  While the Senate recesses, activist groups and special interest lobbyists are huddling with the White House to implement through executive action that which Congress explicitly rejected. These are the same groups who met to devise the Senate’s ‘Gang of Eight’ plan, until that effort was exposed and then halted by the American people and their representatives in the House.  It is chilling to consider now that these groups, frustrated in their aims by our Constitutional system of government, are plotting with the Obama Administration to collect their spoils through executive fiat.  The Associated Press writes:  ‘White House officials are making plans to act before November's mid-term elections to grant work permits to potentially millions of immigrants who are in this country illegally…White House officials led by Domestic Policy Council Director Cecilia Munoz and White House Counsel Neil Eggleston, along with Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, have been working to chart a plan on executive actions Obama could take, hosting frequent meetings with interest groups… the U.S. Chamber of Commerce says it is actively working to determine whether there are steps Obama could take by executive action that could help the business community.’  So, with American workers hurting, special interest groups are collaborating with the White House on measures that would pull down wages and impoverish working Americans?  The steps that must be taken are clear: the Senate must vote on the House-passed measure to stop these unlawful actions. It is true that Majority Leader Reid is blocking it from a vote. But Reid acts only with the blessing of his members in the Democrat conference—so the American people have the power to force it to a vote through their elected Senators.  Any Senator who fails to request such a vote is complicit in these planned actions.  The American people have begged and pleaded for years for our immigration laws to be enforced. But the politicians have refused.   Now these planned executive actions would nullify our laws, invite a massive new wave of unimpeded illegality, and strip the American people of their lawful right to have their jobs and communities protected.  This must be stopped.  And the American people have the power to stop it. That begins with asking a simple question: where do your Senators stand?”
Made a new friend at the Greenville Drive game yesterday
Threw the first pitch at the Greenville Drive game last night!
ABC6 did an important story on my bill to keep kids safe at school. 
