NA
This week, the Raleigh News & Observer ran an editorial attacking the Patient CARE Act, my proposal to repeal Obamacare and replace it with patient-centered reforms of our health care system that are actually affordable. Throughout the editorial, they mischaracterized the proposal, and mislead their readers about the plan and its contents. In an attempt to set the record straight, I prepared a response-a response the News & Observer said they would be happy to run, if the length was cut in half. As this is a complicated, multi-faceted plan that requires a full explanation, I felt it better to offer up my full response here instead. Thank you for reading.  
This winter has been brutal, and Arkansas families, farmers, and businesses cannot afford a propane shortage. The President can provide support and regulatory relief that will lower costs and make it easier to replenish propane stocks in hard-hit areas. This will help bring prices down. My colleagues and I, from both sides of the aisle, are calling on the administration to provide relief from the skyrocketing heating costs that many Arkansans are facing as a result of the shortage. With more cold weather on the way, it is our hope that he acts quickly.
"The Monuments Men" opens in movie theaters nationwide today. I’m proud to support legislation that awards the Congressional Gold Medal to this group of approximately 350 men and women from 13 countries who worked to preserve, protect and restore millions of pieces of artwork, sculptures, and other cultural artifacts in Europe during WWII.
Special Butler University visitor in my DC office today. Hey Butler Blue III, keep your paws off the desk! Go Dawgs!
Marsha and I wish Lawrenceburg’s Nick Goepper and Team USA success at this year’s Winter Olympics    http://www.wthr.com/story/24433820/2014/01/13/nick-goeppers-olympic-run-inspires-fellow-hoosiers
The 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi officially kicks off today with the opening ceremony.  Idaho is well-represented on Team USA and we wish them all the best as they compete to bring home the gold.  “Like” and “share” to show your support.
Next Wednesday, February 12, I will host my first tele-townhall of the year.  As I said following the president’s State of the Union address, our nation faces some serious challenges in the months and years ahead.   Idahoans want to see Washington work, but they also understand that a change of course is needed to break the federal government’s tax-and-spend addiction.  The people of Idaho are frustrated, and I welcome their input and common-sense approaches to these topics.  The deadline to sign up is Monday, February 10 at 5:00PM Eastern.  To learn more about the call and how to sign up, click the link below.  
Washington Free Beacon Video: Live By the CBO, Die By the CBO
More lawless actions on Obamacare appear to be on the way. #FullRepeal
The IRS targeting scandal is real. And we need a truly independent special prosecutor to lead an investigation to hold those responsible accountable.
Best of luck to the Texans in Sochi. Bring home the gold! http://instagram.com/p/kH3w_SuNhc/
More disappointing jobs numbers today as a result of the President’s failed economic agenda. We need to reduce taxes and regulations and increase energy production to bring back economic growth and jobs.
The EPA: lead actor and attack dog in the Obama Administration's assault on Texas:
NA
I commend President Obama for mentioning, by name, Pastor Saeed Abedini and Kenneth Bae at the Prayer Breakfast this morning. There are many things on which we disagree, but the cruel imprisonment of a American citizens by the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea for the profession of their Christian faith is not one of them. We all pray for their swift release, and I hope the President’s administration follows through and sends a clear message that the United States condemns this unlawful detention of one of our citizens and will raise the issue clearly and emphatically at every opportunity.
Are you tired of being run over by the Obamacare 'we know best' train? Do you believe the American people -- particularly those outside Washington -- deserve a chance to have their say about Obamacare?   I do.  That's why 4th District Congressman Trey Gowdy and I were in Greenville on Friday pushing our legislation which allows states like South Carolina to opt-out of the major provisions of Obamacare.  The State Health Care Choice Act, which we introduced in the Congress along with South Carolina Senator Tim Scott  and 5th District Rep. Mick Mulvaney , would allow South Carolina to opt-out of Obamacare mandates including:  * Individual Mandate -- Obamacare requirement to buy government-approved health insurance coupled with a financial penalty for not doing so.   * Employer Mandate -- Obamacare requirement for businesses to provide government-approved health insurance coupled with financial penalties for not doing so.  * Benefit Mandates -- Obamacare definitions of  what qualifies as a health plan as well as new federal requirements for regulating health insurance.   As Congressman Gowdy said, "Our bill would allow a state like South Carolina the option to opt-out of the ACA's mandates, while giving each state the flexibility to decide. We have heard from our constituents who are struggling under the ACA. We should give them the chance to get out from under the thumb of Washington and this unworkable law."
I had a great time meeting with the Blue Ridge Council of Boy Scouts tonight in Greenville. Enjoyed discussing the importance of family, friends, responsibility, and citizenship.
Senator Grassley is working to reform the way the U.S. military handles sexual assault, calling for an independent military justice system and reiterating his support for the Military Justice Improvement Act, which is up for a Senate vote next week.
Senator Grassley advanced amendments in committee this year that would improve justice for victims of sexual violence.  Grassley's amendments would establish a five-year mandatory minimum sentencing standard for crimes of aggravated sexual abuse, sexual abuse and sexual abuse of a minor or ward; set a mandatory minimum sentence of five years for murders caused in the commission of certain sex offenses; and create a ten-year mandatory minimum sentence for a conviction of interstate domestic violence in which death occurs. 
4 UNIfan Twitter followers-My sister Bunny-age 91-was at my side. Faithful backer of UNI athl. for 30 years. She passed Monday-I’ll miss her
Foster youth of all ages are waiting to find their forever family but need an advocate in the meantime.  Thank you to CASA for finding a diverse group of volunteers:  http://casaforchildren.wordpress.com/.
The farm bill that was signed into law today is important not only for our farmers and ranchers, but for every American who benefits from the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world. We worked hard to get a long-term bill that provides our farmers with good options for managing risk with strengthened crop insurance, strong support for our livestock producers, while at the same time saving $23 billion dollars. Agriculture supports 16 million jobs across this country and our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job providing food, fuel and fiber for our nation. 
Homes, businesses, and farms desperately need propane, and the shortage threatens the safety of families and the financial stability of farms and businesses. We urge you to ensure the ongoing engagement of all relevant agencies, including the Department of Agriculture, Department of Health and Human Services, the Small Business Administration, and others. We look forward to working with you to advance solutions to alleviate this propane shortage. 
Senator Johnson talking with over 70 students from Mishicot, Florence and Bowler High Schools via Skype at the Milwaukee Public Museum today.
Good luck to #IL Speedskater Jonathan Kuck in the Men's 5000M event at 5:30 a.m. CT tomorrow.  More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to Kendall Coyne & the U.S. Women's Hockey Team against Finland at 2 a.m. CT tomorrow.   More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to Megan Bozek & the U.S. Women's Hockey Team against Finland at 2 a.m. CT tomorrow.   More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Remembering the legacy of freedom left by President Ronald Reagan, born 103 years ago today in Tampico, #Illinois.
President Obama will sign the farm bill today.  Read and share my op-ed on why this is a bad deal for America and a very bad deal for states in the West.
Visiting with my dear and beloved mother Roberta today, her 102nd birthday!
Sen. McConnell's industrial hemp provision is now law, as of today.
A fitting tribute as the Sochi 2014 Olympics kick off. Go Team USA! 
This past December, I sponsored legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the “Monuments Men,” a group of approximately 350 men and women from 13 countries who are credited with preserving, protecting and restoring millions of pieces of artwork, sculptures and other cultural artifacts in Europe during World War II. The movie release of The Monuments Men today profiles their stories and missions to protect structures — such as churches, museums and monuments — from destruction of war. These brave men and women are truly unsung heroes of World War II.  Kansas’ own President Dwight D. Eisenhower supported these efforts by ordering his commanders to safeguard the treasures because “inevitably, in the path of our advance will be found historical monuments and cultural centers which symbolize to the world all that we are fighting to preserve.”
Here at the Arctic Encounter Symposium in Seattle where I just delivered the keynote speech speaking about the urgency of action in a rapidly evolving arctic. I was able to grab this snapshot along side the President of Seattle University and Dean of the Law School as well as Rachel Kallander -- who is the director of the symposium. Rachel worked on my staff for years in Washington, D.C.. She's from Cordova where she continues to fish with her family.
Proud to be delivering the Keynote at the Arctic Encounter Symposium at the Seattle University School of Law.  Our evolving Arctic is opening up new opportunities, but also posing new questions. We need to be asking them and answering them now among ourselves; the rest of the world is already having this conversation.
Talking with Wood County Sheriff Marc Wasylyshyn at the human trafficking roundtable in Toledo today.
Held a roundtable at the University of Toledo to hear from community leaders and discuss my efforts in the Senate to stop human trafficking.
Joined the NW Ohio Regional Economic Development Association forum in Perrysburg to talk about manufacturing opportunities for Ohio workers.
Visited the Innovation Center at Owens Illinois in Toledo this morning to talk about energy efficiency and opportunities to encourage job growth.
Just when you thought Obamacare couldn’t get any worse, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) reported on Tuesday that the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs will be lost due to Obamacare.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/02/07/rand-paul-obamacare-cbo
As the Winter Olympics start tonight, I'd like to wish Katie Uhlaender and the rest of athletes the best of luck.   Go Team USA!
It is a pleasure to be with so many great friends at the Salina Area Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner. Great things are happening in Salina.
"On Thursday, Sen. Jeff Sessions' office announced IMCOM had agreed to add 20 guard positions back to the arsenal."
NA
Sen. Sessions comments on his legislative efforts to aid Veterans and unemployed workers: "I have filed two amendments to the unemployment bill that would protect our veterans as well as struggling American workers. The first amendment reverses the unfair cuts to military pensions for all current veterans and servicemembers, and is paid for by closing a tax welfare loophole that allows illegal aliens to claim credits to which they are not legally entitled.  My second amendment would require that businesses looking to hire new workers be required to use the simple online E-Verify tool to verify that their employees are in the country legally. If Congress is serious about helping jobless Americans, including minority workers who have seen their wages and job opportunities eroded in recent years by illegal immigration, then this commonsense measure should be adopted without delay.”
I sat down with Greta Van Susteren yesterday, you can watch below if you missed it!  http://youtu.be/CC_aE4Ia98o
Sitting down with folks at Morris College in Sumter this morning.
Great pizza party with the students at Clinton Junior College in Rock Hill tonight!
Happy Friday PA! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see: http://ow.ly/toRmR. Thanks for reading!
