This week, Senator Ayotte visited businesses in Merrimack, Manchester and Portsmouth.  She also provided an update to members of the Keene and Milford rotary clubs on her work in the U.S. Senate, and hosted a roundtable discussion with local law enforcement and public health officials on New Hampshire's heroin crisis.
If you missed yesterday’s Concerned Veterans for America event on preserving promises to North Carolina’s veterans, you can watch below.
The latest update from Senator Boozman's family is that his recovery following successful heart surgery continues to progress positively. He has been moved from ICU to a private recovery room. The Senator has been conversing with family for long stretches of the day and walking frequently with the aid of medical staff. Good signs that he is regaining strength. The Boozman family remains grateful for the prayers and kind words they have received.  ~Staff  
Last night I was honored to receive the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Right to Life of Southwest Indiana’s annual banquet in Evansville. Anyone who has ever raised a child, held a newborn baby or witnessed the miracle of birth knows that life is a sacred and precious gift that must be protected. A country that does not treasure and cherish life values nothing at all. This has been a guiding principle throughout my career in public service.
NA
Op-Ed: We live in an accelerating world.  Advancing technology places an increasing premium on reading and writing well.  Quickly understanding complex and evolving terminology is required to run a household, be effective in the workplace, comprehend financial, health care and other information, get the most out of our education and use new information tools.  To ensure America’s youth are able to succeed, we cannot let up in stressing the importance of continuous learning and advanced literacy skills. More here.
Fox News: Cornyn expresses outrage over reports that 40 veterans died while awaiting care at Phoenix VA, calls for emergency hearings and investigation:
Cornyn Op-Ed in Houston Chronicle: It's time for sexual assault victims to find justice in U.S.
Cornyn Calls For Immediate Investigation Of The VA:
Meaningful reform of our nation's prison system requires a well-thought out proposal for using rehabilitation, jobs, and training to help prisoners re-enter society, not an election-year push with no plan to reduce their risk of becoming repeat offenders.
Don’t let government get in the way of an American success story that provides limitless prosperity and opportunity — embrace the great American Energy Renaissance!
"If you like your health plan, you might lose it. Again."
Even the Washington Post thinks #KeystoneXL should be approved. President Obama should stop playing politics with jobs and our allies.
As deeply disturbing allegations continue to surface regarding patient care at the Phoenix VA Health Care Center, including reports that the deaths of forty veterans may be related to delays in care, Congress must fulfill its responsibilities to get to the truth without delay. Our nation has a duty to provide the best quality of care to those who have served and sacrificed on our behalf, and we must hold accountable anyone who would break that solemn obligation.
STATEMENT ON PHOENIX VA FACILITY: I’m deeply troubled to read the allegations reported in the press that as many as 40 American veterans died while waiting for medical treatment at the Phoenix VA facility. To say this is a moral travesty is an understatement. Our heroes deserve nothing less than the finest medical treatment available. Have no doubt that I will work with my colleagues to hold the VA accountable and demand reforms to make sure this never happens again.
Today I joined several of my colleagues in writing President Obama to express our serious concern with possible plans to abandon enforcement of our immigration laws. Nebraskans expect the president to follow the rule of law, not to discard it. Rather than working around Congress, the president should work with lawmakers to strengthen our borders and enforce existing law.
Congratulations to the Pelster family from Ericson for recently receiving the 2014 Nebraska Leopold Conservation Award. Our state is proud to have a strong tradition of excellent land stewardship. Nancy and Duane Pelster’s conservation practices on their family ranch in the Sandhills are a shining example of the commitment of Nebraska families to protecting our natural resources and enriching the health of our land for future generations.
U.S. Senator Dean Heller completely disagrees with Mr. Bundy’s appalling and racist statements, and condemns them in the most strenuous way,” said Heller spokesperson Chandler Smith.  http://www.reviewjournal.com/news/bundy-blm/racist-comments-bring-harsh-criticism-bundy 
NA
Had a productive meeting in Bismarck yesterday to discuss the impacts the new IRS repair expensing rules would have on North Dakotans.  Thanks to everyone who joined yesterday's discussion.
The liberal press found it laughable when I first started saying a few months ago that I look wistfully on the days of the Cold War when there were two superpowers and the threats to national security could be anticipated. Funny that now Sec. John Kerry seems to agree. He said Tuesday that 'it was easier' during the Cold War than it is today. President Obama’s lack of leadership, misguided foreign policy, and desire to seek peace through appeasement rather than strength, have diminished America’s role in the world and destabilized our national security. http://freebeacon.com/national-security/kerry-it-was-easier-during-the-cold-war-than-today/
Just a few days ago, I visited Pryor where I was able to attend a breakfast with more than 50 small business leaders from around Oklahoma. I heard about how the Pryor area has seen significant growth in recent years, yet the federal government's over-regulation of small businesses is prohibiting these leaders from achieving their full potential. Oklahomans take pride in hard work and our state’s entrepreneurial spirit. I remain dedicated to furthering the growth and prosperity of our state and will continue to fight against unnecessary red tape that impact the Oklahoma way of life.
Inspectors general should be beyond reproach. Our bipartisan report finds Homeland Security IG was anything but. http://t.co/NmrXfKcguC
Our bipartisan investigation found a Homeland Security watchdog who wasn't doing his job. http://t.co/EZR3UXAv3P
OIG Watchdog Alters Report: Gretchen Carlson lays out Johnson/McCaskill bipartisan report on The Real Story.
What difference does it make? Quite a bit when it comes to answering 3 a.m. phone calls. http://t.co/vzhr7E2OsJ
Homeland Security watchdog was a political pet, our bipartisan investigation finds. http://t.co/owvJZwBfNw
On the 99th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, we remember the 1.5 million victims and honor the brave survivors. It is time for the U.S. to strengthen our leadership on human rights by formally recognizing this atrocity.
This is from a few weeks ago, but if you have concerns with the Endangered Species Act being used as a tool to prevent the utilization of our abundant resources, then you need to pay closer attention to why Republicans united to oppose the nomination of Rhea Suh to be Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. #TransferPublicLands #BiggerThanBundy 
Here's a write-up from the The McPherson Sentinel about my remarks at McPherson Rotary Club this week. The discussion focused on how decisions in Washington that impact our quality of life in Kansas — from health care and agriculture to small businesses and telecommunications.
Great to see Bob Dole sharing his wisdom and experience across Kansas. He is an American hero and one of our state's greatest leaders.
It’s long, LONG overdue, but the Indian Health Service is finally paying $96 million that it owes to Southcentral Foundation for providing healthcare to Native people.  This is a major step forward, but not the end of the fight to get this administration to keep its promises:
"A quality education can’t be just a privilege for the wealthy; it should be accessible to all." Read, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree.  http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/opinion/2014/04/23/paul-garza-rodriguez-our-countrys-education-system-has-built-in-inequality/
Cliven Bundy's remarks on race are offensive and I wholeheartedly disagree with him.   READ: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/04/rand-paul-dean-heller-cliven-bundy-105982.html#ixzz2zoYOPvvB 
The next wave of problems with the Obamacare exchanges is starting to hit: "The Obama administration is poised to take over Oregon’s broken insurance exchange, according to officials familiar with the decision, who say that it reflects federal officials’ conclusion that several state-run marketplaces may be too dysfunctional to fix."
NA
Click to view an infographic analysis of the state of America's middle class:
The White House likes to talk about jobs, my Opportunity Agenda has concrete solutions to get folks back to work.  The SKILLS Act and LEAP Act will help ensure the skills of our workforce match the needs of more than 4 million open jobs across the country, including 65,000 in South Carolina alone.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/opportunityagenda
The view from my Upstate office building in Greenville
Today, Rebecca Conley from my Erie office was helping vets cut through federal red tape at Gannon University at an expo hosted by Senator Sean D. Wiley.
A belated thank you to the folks at Spring City Electrical  Manufacturing. They are a world-leading manufacturer of lamp posts and other municipal castings. If you are in Philadelphia, Washington, New York or Boston and take a look at the lamp posts, chances are they were made in Chester County. During my visit, we discussed the importance of passing my bipartisan legislation with Senator Menendez to make it easier for companies to expense the purchase of capital equipment, lowering their annual tax bill. This is especially critical for heavy manufacturers like Spring City who are constantly investing in their operations to stay competitive.
