The new jobs report continues to demonstrate the nation’s economy is still stagnant. Jumpstarting private sector job creation must be our top domestic priority.
The farm bill, honoring fallen heroes, reducing prescription drug abuse among veterans and more in this edition of the “Week in Review”
The President delivered an Obamacare speech in San Jose today. Read the facts about his health care law in my San Jose Mercury News Op-Ed.
According to a recent study, my hometown is the 10th cheapest U.S. city to live.  What is your favorite thing about Idaho Falls?
If you're visiting Washington, D.C., please be sure to stop by and visit my office in Dirksen 239. #idpol #idaho #senate
Unemployment ticks up: it is still about getting economic growth, and with it, jobs.
Remembering D-day: my father-in-law, now 95, landed on Utah Beach this day 69 years ago
Wonder if the NYT got a call from the WH?
Feel better? Holder vows not to prosecute reporters.
On the current NSA kerfuffle
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Senator Corker recently joined Instagram! You can follow him at instagram.com/senbobcorker.
Today the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service proposed to remove the gray wolf from the list of threatened and endangered species. Wolves have been an issue Wyoming has had to contend with ever since the federal government decided to reintroduce them in our state. The problem is that for much of the time the states’ hands have been tied. We’ve been back and forth on this issue for decades with the federal government and I’m sure the environmental groups will want the conflict to continue, but I am pleased the momentum is with the states.
I recently signed a letter calling on the Environmental Protection Agency to answer for releasing the personal information of about 80,000 farmers and ranchers to national environmental groups, including the names, phone numbers, and email addresses of spouses and other family members. We need to be more vigilant than ever in scrutinizing what information these federal agencies collect and what they do with the information.  I’m pleased that this is a bi-partisan concern.
I co-sponsored legislation that promotes the dollar coin as a way to save taxpayer dollars and reduce the federal deficit.  Nothing should be off the table when looking for ways to reduce the deficit and that includes changes to our currency. Changing to dollar coins has the potential to save millions and is one of many steps we need to take on the road back to fiscal responsibility.
Protecting states’ rights and ensuring that they determine what is best for their children is the utmost priority to me.  Our state officials, educators, faculty and parents are in the best position to determine what is best for our schools.  I thank Ranking Member Alexander and the other committee members who have joined together on this bill which would remove Washington mandates designed to create a national school board.  We need to start giving local communities their schools back.
As a direct response to the hundreds of constituents who have contacted my office on this matter, I have sent a letter with Senator Johanns to question Interior Secretary Jewell about potential federal land acquisitions in Nebraska. Local residents are already excellent stewards of the natural resources entrusted to them, and they are rightly concerned about the federal government seizing or controlling the land they have proudly taken care of for so long.  They deserve more information about the Department of Interior’s proposal and its potential impacts.   http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=cb1aef72-8a22-4504-85ed-119d18dfbb50
Grassley plans meetings in Southwest Iowa
Oversight of Judicial Resources
Sen. Grassley (IA) Seeks Answers on Reducing $7.9 Billion in Improper Social Security Payments
“It is a great honor to have this new Navy vessel named for North Dakota’s capital city. This name pays tribute to all North Dakotans and serves as an especially fitting recognition of all of our state’s veterans who have so honorably served our nation. We are grateful to these military men and women for their service, and we are thankful also for the Navy’s decision to recognize these fine individuals in one of the most tangible ways possible: by naming the newest member of the world’s largest and most powerful fleet after our wonderful capital city.”   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=cd4e2250-a3a6-4c69-985c-d6cec3b3fb0f
"We are being presented with a choice between the Gang of eight bill, or nothing.  Common sense, recent history, and the ongoing legislative process of the House of Representatives confirms that is a false choice.   There is another way, a more sensible and successful way.  We can do better than another thousand-page mistake. Haven’t we learned our lesson? Isn’t it time we tried?   Rather than fix our current immigration problems, the Gang of Eight bill will make many of them worse. It is not immigration reform. It is big government dysfunction."
I recommend the latest op-ed by Senator Rand Paul, on the NSA cell phone surveillance.    I agree with Senator Paul's sentiment in this statement: "If the president and Congress would simply obey the fourth amendment, this new shocking revelation that the government is now spying on citizens' phone data en masse would never have happened. That I have to keep reintroducing the fourth amendment – and that a majority of senators keep voting against it – is a good reflection of the arrogance that dominates Washington."
"The abuses resulting from this court order illustrate the reasons why I have opposed, and continue to oppose, controversial provisions of the Patriot Act and the FISA Amendments Act that are inconsistent with the Fourth Amendment"
NA
This morning I toured Lincoln County Hospital and met with community leaders to learn more about the challenges the hospital faces, as well as how federal health policies impact it each day. Thank you to Chelsey Wineinger, Jack Crispin, Jerod Obermueller, Greg McNeil, Kathy Schwerdtfager and Mitch Obermueller for the great visit.
Yesterday, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 was in flight from Atlanta to Denver when a passenger emergency required the plane to make an emergency landing at Garden City Regional Airport. The decision to divert to Garden City was based on the airport’s infrastructure including an air traffic control tower – one of the control towers that was set to be closed due to the President’s sequester.  The Garden City control tower coordinated the emergency response and played a critical role in the airline choosing to divert into Garden City Regional Airport and potentially saved this passenger’s life.  It was a long fight since I introduced the original amendment the prevent control towers from closing, but thankfully, common sense prevailed over politics and the Garden City Regional Airport control tower remained open to assist during yesterday’s emergency. Thanks again to the bipartisan coalition of Senators and Congressmen and women who joined me in demonstrating that there are more responsible ways to cut spending than by compromising safety.
Yesterday, I confirmed with Acting U.S. Department of Labor Secretary Seth Harris that the Obama Administration will not reintroduce the farm labor rules originally proposed in April 2012 that would have done away with successful farm safety training and certification programs through cooperative extension, 4-H and FFA. Additionally, the recommended rules would have resulted in children being unable to perform common farm tasks like rounding up cattle on horseback, operating a tractor, or cleaning out stalls with a shovel and wheelbarrow. Kansans made their voices heard through the Keep Families Farming initiative, and I am pleased the proposed rules which threatened the future of farming and ranching will remain withdrawn.
Back home today to visit with Kansans, I stopped by the fire station and community building in Westfall. There weren't too many folks to visit with this morning, but had a nice conversation with Dennis at Suelter Tire Service.
I'm incredibly concerned about the federal government tracking Americans' phone logs, e-mails and Internet use.  Alaskans believe the government has no business snooping around our property, our library books, our phone calls or e-mails — and that our privacy rights are guaranteed by the Constitution.  As Americans, we deserve the strongest defense possible from evolving foreign threats, but not at the cost of betraying the very freedoms and rights Americans have fought for and died defending for centuries.  Our investment in protecting American lives and liberties simultaneously is not a blank check.  I challenged the Bush administration when I believed it crossed the lines on our privacy rights, and I remain concerned about the Obama administration’s apparent expansion of many Bush policies.  The White House’s carefully-worded, legalistic response to this revelation has a lot of qualifiers and vague language, but their message boils down to ‘trust us.’  That’s not good enough for law-abiding Alaskans who don’t want their phone logs or Internet records sitting on a DC desk being looked over by a federal bureaucrat, and I look forward to a thorough vetting of this policy.
Very concerning report - The Ohio Dept. of Insurance estimates that the cost to cover health care expenses for consumers will  increase an average of 88% due to Obamacare.
Although it is good to see some net new jobs being added, today's job's report shows a slowing of job growth and a slight increase in the unemployment rate. Washington must encourage pro-growth policies that open up opportunities for all Americans.
Get your tickets for the Republicans vs. Democrats Congressional Baseball Game for Charity at Nationals Park, June 13. Proceeds go to help The Washington Literacy Center, The Boys and Girls Club of Greater Washington, and The Nationals Dream Foundation.
My op-ed at The Guardian, who originally broke the NSA-Verizon story, on how the President and Congress completely ignore the Bill of Rights.
Earlier this afternoon, I spoke with Olivier Knox of Yahoo News about the NSA's secret seizure of telephone records and complete disregard for our Bill of Rights. Click below to watch the interview.  http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/ticket/yahoo-news-interview-rand-paul-says-nsa-phone-232201004.html
Must read article of the day.
Thanks to the folks that joined me tonight for a tele-town hall meeting with Johnson, Wyandotte and Miami Counties. We had a good discussion on the IRS, Benghazi, Obamacare, care for our Veterans and the economy. Thank you for giving up an hour of your evening to share your concerns with me.
“If you have amnesty, if you have illegality of millions of people, what are we going to do to ensure it doesn’t happen in the future?... The standards of current law with regard to what ought to be done—requirements in current federal law—are being weakened, some of them eviscerated by this bill.”
“We know that there was one group not included in these talks, and that is the group that is given the duty to enforce the laws involved in immigration, the National ICE union. The Customs and Enforcement organization pleaded with the Gang of Eight, they urged the Gang of Eight, they wrote letters to the Gang of Eight, I sent information to the Gang of Eight, asking them to consult with the officers who have the duty to enforce this law, but to no avail. [The National ICE union] was shut out of every meeting and were never really consulted.”
Sessions is resuming his remarks on the Senate floor. You can watch live here:
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), a top member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, cited reporting from The Hill in arguing that the Mexican embassy and other foreign entities have had access to lawmakers, while the law enforcement community has been shut out. Sessions voted against the bill that was reported out of committee last month.  “We got this bill off to the wrong track in the beginning,” Sessions said on the Senate floor. “Powerful groups met, excluding the interests of the American people.”
Here is an excerpt from Sessions' ongoing remarks this morning:  “We did have a mark-up in the Judiciary Committee. We were allowed to offer amendments, and we did have some debate there, but it was odd in that, repeatedly, members, not even in the Gang of Eight, would say ‘I like this amendment, but I can’t vote for it because I understand it upsets the deal.’ So we need to ask ourselves, who made the deal? Whose deal is this? And how is it that the deal is such that members of the United States Senate, who agree with an amendment, say they must vote against the amendment because it upsets some deal.  Who was in this room? Who was in the deal making process?  I contend, and I think it is quite plain, it was because [the Gang of Eight’s bill] was not written by independent members of the Senate, in a more open process, but was written by special interests… Powerful groups met excluding the interests of the American people, excluding the law enforcement community, throughout the bill you can see the influence that these [special interests] groups had on the drafting of [the bill.]… The point to make is, and what I think our colleagues need to understand, and the American people need to understand, in reality, the special interests – La Raza, the unions, the corporate world, the big agriculture businesses, the food processers – they are the ones that made the agreement in this process, and the Senators just sort of ratified it. And they can’t agree to a change because they promised these special interest groups.”
Sessions is now in a colloquy with Sen. Lee on the Senate floor on the Gang of Eight's immigration bill.
Sen. Sessions, who will be speaking on the immigration bill for up to three hours this morning, is now discussing the long-term costs associated with providing legal status to millions of illegal immigrants. You can follow along here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Sessions is leading off floor debate on the Senate immigration bill right now. He will be speaking all morning. I encourage everyone to tune in to C-SPAN here:
My weekly newsletter:
