Yesterday, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration released a report showing the IRS did not properly implement Obamacare’s tax on medical device manufacturers. Sen. Alexander says this report “should be the final nail in the coffin” for the medical device tax, a tax that has hurt Tennessee companies and costs jobs for Tennesseans. He is also a cosponsor of the “Medical Device Access and Innovation Protection Act,” which would repeal this tax.   Read more here:  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=86313d0f-4445-4565-a233-88f8df0ad0c1
Today the New Hampshire Humanities Council presented Senator Ayotte with a copy of their map of New Hampshire's cultural treasures. The map, titled "New Hampshire: Our Storied Past and Our Unfolding Future," showcases the Granite State's rich heritage and extraordinary culture. Check out the interactive version of the map here: http://nhhc.org/images/InteractiveMap.pdf
Senator Ayotte was in Manchester this afternoon where she presented bronze and silver awards to members of Hudson Girl Scouts Troop 10224.  What an inspiring group of girls.  There could be some future U.S. senators in this group- and maybe even a future president!
In Concord today, Senator Ayotte met with members of the New Hampshire Motor Transport Association to provide an update on her efforts in Washington to boost transportation infrastructure.  #AyotteTour
Our hearts are broken for the Foley family. James was an innocent civilian who was bravely performing his job as a journalist. This barbaric and heinous act shocks the conscience and highlights the truly evil nature of the terrorists we confront, who must be defeated. My thoughts and prayers are with James Foley’s family at this extremely difficult time.
As details emerge about the tragic murder of James Foley, an American journalist killed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants in Syria, my thoughts and prayers are with his family.   If the civilized world had yet to fully recognize the barbaric nature of ISIL, this incident should open the eyes of the entire international community. There must be worldwide outrage at ISIL’s actions and how innocent civilians are being attacked, tortured and murdered by this so-called caliphate.  ISIL’s actions are a gross perversion of the Islamic faith, and it is time for the millions of Muslims who believe and adhere to the Quran and value human life to respond. Political, religious and other leaders must speak up publicly in opposition to ISIL. They must take a stand and show that they will not tolerate this blatant distortion of their beliefs.   It also is time for the United States, Europe and other nations to recognize that the civilized world is dealing with nothing short of barbarism that cannot be resolved through inaction or diplomacy.
Thanks to the Indiana Statewide Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives Board for hosting me this morning
Twenty-one years ago, a horrific crime shocked the conscience of my hometown of Houston.   Two teenage girls were brutally gang-raped and murdered as they walked home one evening.  Jennifer Ertman and Elizabeth Pena were taken from us by an act of unspeakable cruelty.  Jennifer's father, Randy Ertman, emerged from the tragic loss of his only daughter to became a resolute and powerful advocate for justice.    As the father of daughters myself, I cannot begin to comprehend his pain -- first on that night and then in almost the two decades of hearings, trials and media headlines.  This morning we learned that Randy has passed away following a battle with cancer.   Andrea Watkins with FOX 26 posted a message today recalling how Randy bravely delivered one of the first victim-impact statements in a Harris County courtroom, advancing the cause of victims’ rights.  Years ago, as the Solicitor General of Texas, I argued in Medellin v. Texas that neither the World Court nor the President of the United States had the constitutional authority to prevent Texas from executing Jose Ernesto Medellin, one of the gang leaders who committed this horrific crime.  The United States Supreme Court agreed.  Today, I remain in awe of Randy's courage and resolve.   I offer my most sincere condolences to his family during this time but take solace in knowing that he and Jennifer are reunited in the presence of Our Creator.    My family prays for everlasting peace for the Ertman family.  Godspeed, Randy.
Enjoyed a great listening session in Lexington this morning with a strong turn out. Thanks to all who came and special thanks to former Congressman Bill Barrett –  it was a pleasure to visit with you! I also made a stop at the KRVN radio studio in Lexington for an interview with Bob Brogan. Stay tuned for more photos of my travels around Nebraska.
Yesterday, I met with many Nebraskans who were very concerned with a number of different policy issues. I was fortunate to tour the Dundy County Hospital in Benkelman, which is a Medicare-certified facility. I also toured the Trenton Agri-Produtcs plant and I hosted a constituent listening session in Curtis at the Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture. I'm so grateful for these opportunities to visit different communities and hear directly from Nebraskans.
“We have worked hard for many years to provide comprehensive flood protection for our communities throughout the Red River Valley. We need to continue making investments in important flood mitigation infrastructure like the Mickelson Field levee and lift station. By combining that with our pursuit of permanent flood protection for Fargo-Moorhead, affordable flood insurance as well as water retention and other methods for addressing upstream concerns, we continue our efforts to finally put costly annual flood fights behind us.”
"The Red River Valley companies featured during today’s Tech Conference and others across North Dakota are blazing new trails and helping to drive North Dakota’s booming technology industry which is positively impacting all sectors of our state’s economy. This year, North Dakota is once again adding STEM jobs faster than any other state in the country, with approximately 200 – 400 good, high-tech job openings on any given day. We need to continue building on this success, and today’s Tech Conference serves an important role in bringing together tech leaders from across North Dakota to ensure cutting-edge innovations continue to advance North Dakota’s economy.”
I was honored to speak this morning to the airmen, civilians and contractors who work with Tinker Air Force Base during the Tinker And The Primes conference.
Watch Sen. Johnson's staffer accept the #ALSicebucketchallenge with the help of his fellow staffers. #IceBucketChallenge
Sen. Johnson toured the North Woods yesterday with Great Lakes Timber Professionals Association  to learn more about forest management in northern #Wisconsin. Senator Johnson vowed to help develop solutions to responsibly manage the national forests in an effort to help create jobs, provide revenue to the federal government and dramatically improve the health of this valuable natural resource.
Do you have something you would like to ask Senator Johnson? Come to one of his town halls TODAY! He will be in Hurley, Ashland and Rice Lake.   Visit his website for more details and locations. We hope to see you there! 
My live radio town hall with Rod Arquette is about to start.  You can tune in to 105.7 fm or 570 am to listen.  The event will run for the entire 5:00 hour. #utpol #utah
I will be participating in an town hall meeting with Rod Arquette and a studio audience during the 5:00 hour of his radio show.  You can listen here online or tune in to 105.7 KNRS.  I am looking forward to a good discussion.
We are about halfway through my Logan town hall.  You can watch it here: 
My Logan town hall meeting is scheduled to start at 7:00 p.m. MT.  If you weren't able to make it tonight, you can watch the live stream here: 
My listening tour across the state continued in Baldwin City today. Area residents shared concerns about living within our means, health care, Senate rules and federal regulations. Thanks to the folks who came out and shared a good dose of Kansas common sense.
Last night, I enjoyed a spirited discussion with Paola area residents at my Miami County Listening Tour stop. Our conversation touched on a broad array of challenging topics, and I appreciated the folks who came out to share thoughts and concerns. Some of the topics I heard feedback on were economic development, renewable energy and the tax code. Here, I'm pictured with Dave Green and USD368 Superintendent Judy Welter. Thanks to the Paola Chamber of Commerce for hosting the event.
It was great to kick off the day with more than 40 Ottawa residents at my Franklin County Town Hall Meeting. We discussed a number of issues facing Kansas and the nation including regulatory relief for small business, EPA regulated waters, health care through the VA and the Department of Transportation. Thanks to the folks who came out this morning including former Kansas State Rep. George Wingert.
I had the pleasure of meeting a good Samaritan, Lacey Deardoff of Overland Park, when I attended the ribbon cutting for Overland Park Regional Medical Center (OPRMC) yesterday. In May, Lacey stopped to help another motorist who had an accident on the highway. Unfortunately, she was hit by a car and was taken to the OPRMC Emergency Room. The good news is she was able to return to OPRMC yesterday to celebrate the new hospital expansion and meet the doctors and nurses who saved her life. I appreciated the opportunity to meet Lacey and her parents John and Jerri, as well as see the hospital expansion that will benefit other good Samaritans like Lacey. Happy birthday to Lacey who turns 25 today! 
After my town hall meeting in Paola last night, I enjoyed visiting with Reed Garrett who has had type 1 diabetes (T1D) for more than 50 years. His father, son, nephews and sister-in-laws have also been affected by T1D. T1D, also called juvenile diabetes, is usually diagnosed in young people, but it can affect adults as well. This type of diabetes results from the body’s inability to produce insulin to convert sugars and other foods into energy. His family is involved with JDRF (formerly known as the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation) to raise funds for T1D research, with the hopes of finding better treatments and ultimately a cure for this disease. I appreciate Reed sharing his personal story with me, as well as the opportunity to learn more about how T1D affects the daily lives of individuals in Kansas and across the country.
I'm participating in the 2nd Annual Kenai River Classic Roundtable to discuss fishing; Alaskans are proud of our sustainably managed fisheries, but are always seeking new ways to improve them. We've got to protect our fisheries -- for our culture, economy, quality of life and recreation!
Last month I saw firsthand the damage caused by the Funny River Wildfire on the Kenai Peninsula. Today I'm talking with the different authorities and responders about their effective teamwork and the lessons learned from the disaster. Good communication and coordination doesn't happen by accident. Incredible work and outstanding leadership from the response command center!
A big congratulations to Adam Mokelke, principal of Burchell High School in Wasilla, who has been named 1 of only 6 finalists for the 2015 National Principal of the Year Award! Adam has done great work at Burchell raising student achievement for some of our at-risk youth, reducing suspensions, recovering dropouts and truly turning around the lives of young Alaskans. Thank you Adam for all of your hard work, and congratulations on this amazing achievement! 
My husband Verne and I just voted. The polls are still open for a couple more hours. Again, if you need help finding out where to vote, click here: http://www.elections.alaska.gov/
The U.S. and Israel must continue to stand shoulder to shoulder in the face of religious persecution. I've introduced a resolution saying we will not tolerate targeted violence against Christians and that those persecuting Christians and other religious minorities must be stopped. 
Linn County: Mark your Calenders. We'll be holding a town hall meeting Tuesday, August 26 at 9:30 am at the Labette Bank in La Cygne at 501 Market.
There are only a few more days to register your comments about what potential force reductions at Ft. Riley or Ft. Leavenworth would mean for your community or business. The public comment period is open until August 25, 2014. Again, help us make the Army realize that there is no place like home right here in Kansas. 
Sen. Sessions has emphasized the need to change America’s immigration and economic policies so wages can rise for U.S. workers.  Here is an excerpt from a new CBS news report:  “According to a new report from the National Employment Law Project... Real median hourly wages have declined across low, middle and high income levels from 2009 through 2013… No matter if workers were in the lowest bracket ($8.84 to $10.85 an hour) or the highest ($31.40 to $86.34), median hourly wages declined when you take into account the impact of inflation. So while your utilities and grocery bills continue to rise, your take-home pay, in real dollars, may not be going as far as it had before the recession. Across all occupations, real median hourly wages slipped 3.4 percent since 2009…”
It was a pleasure meeting with the folks at Life Net in Columbia yesterday--thanks for all you do!
Best of luck to the #TaneyDragons tonight.  #MoNeDavis is on the mound and with a win the team advances to the #LLWS US Championship game on Saturday.  #BelieveInDragons
It's been a great day touring Mississippi businesses.
