NA
More on the #Benghazi story.
Senators Coburn, Hatch, and I responded to an op-ed in Washington Post about our Patient CARE Act to dispel some of the Post’s mischaracterizations.  
WRAL invited me into their studio to discuss the #PatientCAREact – the full interview will be on Saturday at 7pm.  
Great thoughts below from State Senator Jim Banks on the recent repeal of the death tax in Indiana. The federal government should follow Indiana's lead. This misguided tax is applied to the transfer of a person’s assets at death and one of the main reasons why Indiana family farms and small businesses do not survive to the next generation.
A look at Hoosier connections to the Olympics 
Discussed economic issues with Pocatello and Chubbuck business leaders at their luncheon. Thanks for having me. #idpol
Proud of #TeamUSA women’s hockey team, especially Idaho’s Hilary Knight, and all they accomplished.
This week I met with Sixtus Atabong at Grace Clinic in Lubbock.  My office assisted Mr. Atabong’s mother in applying for a medical visa to travel to Lubbock from Cameroon to receive life-saving surgery to treat her cancer.
Got the chance to stop at Monks Coffee Shop in Abilene earlier this week:
Visiting students during my tour of KIPP San Antonio's University Prep High School earlier today and learning the unique approach San Antonio takes to prepare educationally underserved students to excel at top universities:
NA
NA
Sam Houston elected this day in 1846 to US Senate seat I have the privilege of holding
Cornyn Op-ed: White House’s War on the American Worker:
Congratulations to Jordan Malone for helping take home the silver!
A Great American Energy Renaissance is now underway that we should embrace. It should be in the interest of every Republican, Democrat, Independent, and Libertarian to support the new energy revolution.
As opposition protests drag into their second week in Venezuela, President Nicolas Maduro is taking a page out of the Castro playbook to violently oppress Venezuelans who are demanding an end to his disastrous rule. Activists have been detained and abused, and even shot dead in the streets. Opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez, who has emerged as a powerful voice for economic and political freedom, has been arrested and faces the summary judgment of a makeshift kangaroo court. But the perseverance of the protestors in the face of these thuggish tactics suggests there are still many who do not accept the failed socialist policies of Hugo Chavez and his hand-picked successor as inevitable. Venezuela can and should be free and prosperous, not suffering under the withering blight of violent crime, rampant inflation and shortages of basic necessities—not to mention close allegiances to Iran and Cuba.  A year ago when Chavez died and Maduro became president in a highly-questionable election, the Obama administration missed an opportunity to support the opposition by encouraging the Organization of American States to step in and supervise a recount, opting instead for the illusory stability of the status quo. We should not miss another such opportunity to support those who would be our friends in Venezuela, and we should urge the OAS to dispatch a delegation to investigate the alleged human rights abuses of Maduro’s regime. We should press vigorously for the immediate and unconditional release of Mr. Lopez. And we should make it clear that the United States stands with those who are fighting for a brighter future in Venezuela.
America continues to stand in solidarity with those fighting for freedom in Ukraine.
Advice to my grandkids: Service is important. You should do service for the sake of helping others.
President Ronald Reagan said, “As government expands, liberty contracts.” He referred to this principle “as neat and predictable as a law of physics.” Big government is holding us back on a number of fronts and intimidating citizens along the way. Read about how I’m working to push back against government overreach and promote greater transparency in my column this week.
Summer internships are available in Senator Grassley’s office for college-aged Iowans. Applications are due March 15th. 
“In light of recent rail accidents around the country, we urged regulators, shippers and railroads to take these commonsense steps in short order to make the transportation of crude oil by rail safer for employees, customers and, importantly, for the communities through which they travel. This is a shared responsibility, and I commend both the industry and Secretary Foxx for responding to our concerns." 
Yesterday I visited the Veterans Affairs campus in Danville. Reducing the disability claims backlog is one of my top priorities. It is unacceptable that our veterans wait almost a year to have their claims processed.
Share to join me in congratulating Kendall Coyne & Team USA hockey on their silver medal.   More: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
I strongly condemn the Ukrainian authorities for instigating the horrific violence the world witnessed in Kyiv this week. While I am encouraged by the reported compromise reached today between the government and the opposition, I support the legislative framework outlined by Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez (D-N.J.) yesterday that would impose sanctions on those responsible for the violence and support democracy in Ukraine. Our office will continue to work to ensure that Illinois families impacted by the violence are brought home safely.
#IL athlete Megan Bozek took home silver yesterday.  Share to congratulate her.    More: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
Illinois is home to more than 700,000 veterans, and for them to be stuck waiting for their benefits for almost a year is unacceptable. Now that my plan to reduce the backlog with Sen. Tim Johnson is law, we will be holding the VA accountable for its full implementation over the months ahead.
Today, I spent time in Hill City, Kansas, at the Graham County Courthouse with 20 area residents for a town hall meeting. We discussed veterans' issues, the Farm Bill, need for health care in rural communities and the debt. Thanks to the folks who came out today and shared a dose of Kansas common sense!
Clevelanders rally at City Hall today to support Ukraine protesters.  I stand with all Ukrainians who seek a more open, transparent, and democratic future.
Congratulations to Simmons College of Kentucky for achieving accreditation!
It was a pleasure to listen to Pittsburg area community leaders regarding pressing issues for southeast Kansas like housing and four lanes on US 69. Thank you to Mayor Michael Gray and the Pittsburg Area Chamber of Commerce Director Blake Benson for making me feel welcome and providing strategic advice and counsel.
Please see Jerry Moran's great op-ed in the Daily Caller about my bill to stop the IRS from restricting free speech and targeting groups for political beliefs.  http://dailycaller.com/2014/02/20/can-americas-faith-in-the-irs-be-restored/
There is troubling news today regarding the UK’s National Health System: A major database connecting various types of patient records has been delayed to address privacy concerns. At least they delayed it! I remain concerned that the Obamacare Exchanges are moving full speed ahead without addressing patient privacy concerns. Patient privacy is an absolute necessity and I’ll continue to pressure this Administration for answers.  http://www.ihealthbeat.org/articles/2014/2/19/uks-nhs-delays-patient-record-database-amid-privacy-concerns
Senator Rubio Condemns ObamaCare Raid On Medicare Advantage: http://1.usa.gov/1c9Fj8D  ...  “Reducing payments to Medicare Advantage providers is going to constrain provider networks, it’s going to cut benefits, it’s going to increase seniors’ co-payments,” Rubio said. “This is going to hurt seniors of all backgrounds and income levels, and our state of Florida is going to be especially hurt by this.    “Big business and unions are getting relief, health insurance companies are going to get their taxpayer-funded bailout when ObamaCare fails, but no one is standing up to protect seniors who are going to be hurt by this raid on Medicare — a raid that’s being used to pay for the rest of ObamaCare,” Rubio added. “It’s wrong. And it’s another reason why this law needs to be repealed and replaced.”  ...
Senator Rubio: CNN’s Expulsion By Venezuelan Government An Assault On Press Freedom That Further Endangers Venezuelans: http://1.usa.gov/1h6n4Fw  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding the Venezuelan government’s expulsion of CNN and CNN en Español:   “We must assume that Nicolás Maduro is kicking out CNN, CNN en Español and other foreign journalists as a precursor to even more violent and deadly tactics against innocent Venezuelans. This press assault is a worrying sign that Maduro intends to dig in and step up the violence with the false belief that the world will never find out because he’s kicking out journalists.   “This isn’t simply an assault against press freedom. It now poses an even graver danger to Venezuelan demonstrators who will now have fewer news outlets to tell the story of what’s happening there to the rest of the world.   “We cannot allow this to have a chilling effect on press coverage of what’s going on in Venezuela. Nicolás Maduro and his government should realize that Venezuelans will not be silenced, will continue sharing their stories through online media and other means, and that news outlets and defenders of freedom everywhere will continue magnifying his atrocities for all the world to see.   “The international community, particularly Latin American governments who are supposed to defend press freedom in accordance with the Inter-American Democratic Charter, should condemn this move by Nicolás Maduro.    “The Maduro government’s legitimacy is eroding every single day. Nicolás Maduro needs to realize that he does not have an image or press problem that he can easily expel from his country. He has a repression problem, and the Venezuelan people aren’t standing for it.” 
From The Post and Courier on the President's health care law: "The White House long ago lost its credibility on this law."   I couldn't agree more.
Great to be in Fountain Inn tonight to talk opportunity with the Chamber of Commerce! #southcarolina
I sat down with Drew Speier of WBRE-TV in Scranton to discuss my work to protect schoolchildren from sexual and violent predators. Tune in tonight at 5:00 to learn more.
NA
Thanks to President Rounds and his students at the The Williamson Free School of Mechanical Trades for showing me around yesterday. Based in Delaware County, Williamson provides a rigorous associate’s degree in 6 trades at no cost to deserving students. They have produced the nation’s top carpenter in the SkillsUSA competition for 7 of the past 12 years. Washington could learn a lot from Williamson as we discuss how to reform the nation’s tangled web of workforce development programs.
