Sen. Alexander released the following statement in commemoration of Memorial Day:  “As we celebrate Memorial Day, it’s important to remember that we are honoring the memories of those who sacrificed their lives to defend our freedoms and protect our safety. It is also a time to be mindful of the thousands of Tennesseans who continue to serve our country on active duty and in the reserves and National Guard, including those who are deployed overseas in Afghanistan and other dangerous parts of the world. We owe all the men and women who have worn the uniform of our Armed Services a debt of gratitude that we couldn’t possibly repay."
At the start of the Memorial Day parade in Concord this morning.
Today we keep our promise to forever honor the extraordinary service of those brave Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
Great to spend this morning at the National World War I Museum at Liberty Memorial in Kansas City. On my way now to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fountain.
On this day and every day, we honor the soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. We also thank their families, who's selfless commitments make it possible for us to enjoy freedoms that make America great.
As you spend today with your family and friends, I ask you to reflect on the service and sacrifice of our nation's service-members and veterans.  These individuals selflessly give themselves to defend our freedoms and we are constantly humbled by their strength and courage.  Happy Memorial Day.
Please continue to honor and thank all who have served our nation, currently serve, and their families, today especially, but everyday as well. Their sacrifices for our freedoms make our country great. Have a safe and enjoyable holiday.
A Memorial Day message.
"Throughout America, we gather on this solemn day of gratitude.  We raise our voices in song and bow our heads in prayer to honor those who gave their all for us.  And once again, we are reminded that freedom is a gift purchased at the greatest possible price."
Great speaking at the dedication of Smithville Veterans Memorial Park:
Great hosting the send-off ceremony for military academy students on Memorial Day:
This Memorial Day, as Patton reminded us, we must not simply "mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived." (h/t  Brooke Rollins)
Today, we honor those who have fallen while protecting us all. Our way of life, our loved ones, our freedoms. Today, we mourn these brave soldiers, but are grateful for all they have done to make sure the U.S. flag still flies high.
Wishing you all a safe Memorial Day. Take a moment to reflect and honor the heroes we have lost courageously serving our country at home and abroad. Let us never forget the meaning behind this day, or take for granted the freedom Americans continue to enjoy because of the courage, patriotism, and extraordinary sacrifice of our fallen heroes. I will be observing Memorial Day by attending local events in and around Scottsbluff. If you are in the area, please feel free to join. Find more information here:
On the IRS matter, Graham said there was clearly “an organized effort within the IRS” to target Obama’s opponents, and that the White House played a role in developing the culture that allowed that to happen.  “My belief about the IRS scandal is that this culture of going after Tea Party groups that were on the president’s case about Obamacare did just not accidentally happen,” the South Carolina Republican said. “I think it comes from the top in terms of tone.”
Rain canceled my speech at Aplington cemetery to honor fallen military  If interested go to my Facebook to read it
Rain caused  the cancelation of Aplington Memorial Day ceremony honoring fallen servicemembers I cld not speak but rain/shine we honor all
My greatest honor as a member of the U.S. Senate is the opportunity it provides me to meet the finest among us – the men and women of America’s armed forces.  We owe a tremendous debt to those who lay their lives on the line to protect us - a debt we can never fully repay. As we commemorate Memorial Day with family and friends, let us remember those brave souls who have made the ultimate sacrifice to preserve our freedom.
It was a privilege to stand among so many veterans today as we honored our brethren who made the ultimate sacrifice
Honored to present Daniel Field with a bronze star in recognition of his late father's service in the United States Army.
Glad to be joined by my dear friend Arlene Mulder, former mayor of Arlington Heights, at the Memorial Day parade.
Today we salute our heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty.
NA
This Memorial Day, let's take time to honor those who serve - and those who made the ultimate sacrifice on our behalf, while keeping in our thoughts and prayers the families who miss them so dearly. I was honored to visit with troops serving in southern Turkey today - thank you for your service!
VIDEO: Senator McConnell's Remarks on Memorial Day: http://t.co/wxkTuV2Utq
Honoring my Dad this Memorial Day - age 97 and a WWII veteran.
"For God and County." Memorial Day 2013
I am thankful to have also had the opportunity this morning to speak at the Memorial Day Service at Kansas Veterans' Cemetery in WaKeeney. On this day of solemn remembrance, we gather together to remind our children and grandchildren that because of the sacrifices of our nation's veterans, we have the opportunity to live in the strongest, freest and greatest nation in the world. Today, our nation's young men and women are still risking their lives for the sake of others and fighting for those principles we hold most dear - freedom and justice.
Since the Civil War, Americans have gathered each year to remember those courageous men and women who answered the call to serve and made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. This morning, I joined many veterans and local residents in paying our respects to the fallen at a Memorial Day service at Grinnell Township Cemetery. The special service included the presentation of The Colors, laying of wreaths on the graves of the fallen, and a gun salute. Special thanks to the Grinnell VFW for the invitation to participate in this emotional event.
A beautiful day and a beautiful ceremony at the Wall of Honor in Wasilla today.
As we join in unity to honor our fallen soldiers on this Memorial Day, let us celebrate that we are a free nation, a proud nation, a nation guided by principles and universal truths. Our nation is ever grateful.
A beautiful day today for the 25th Annual Memorial Day Ride to the Byers Lake Veterans Memorial in the Mat-Su Valley.  I have never been to a gathering where I feel a greater sense of patriotism, love for our country and love for those who have served and sacrificed.  Memorial weekend isn’t just for camping and BBQs, and tomorrow, I hope all Alaskans will join me in remembering what the Memorial Day holiday is really all about: a time to honor, give thanks and remember the servicemen and women who died defending our nation.
Enjoying a beautiful Sunday with spectacular views of Denali!
Jane and I headed out for a ride on the towpath in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park.
Honored to be at the Cuyahoga Falls Memorial Day ceremony to honor all those who lay down their lives for the cause of liberty.
Kicking off Memorial Day at the Cuyahoga Falls Parade. Remember those who sacrificed for our freedom.
On this Memorial Day we remember those who have fallen, and we recommit ourselves to ensuring that those selfless heroes who die for this country are never forgotten.
God bless the brave men and women who lost their lives in service to this country. Let us honor them this Memorial Day and remember their sacrifice every day.
We are getting much needed rain in Topeka this Memorial Day. I see from other Facebook posts around the state Kansans are out honoring the fallen. To our men and women in uniform and their families: thank you for your service and sacrifice for our freedom. From this Marine, Semper Fidelis.
Tomorrow I will observe Memorial Day at Penwell Gabel Cemetery in Topeka. We will have a Remembrance Service to honor men and women in uniform and their families for their service and sacrifice. The wreath laying ceremony begins at 11:00 am.
NA
NA
Sessions: "Today we honor the brave heroes who gave their lives in defense of our country and our liberty. We will never forget."
It is truly humbling to spend time on Memorial Day with these men and women who put everything on the line for all of us. I cannot say enough about their character, their bravery, and their sacrifice.
Honored to join American Legion Post 147 and Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 445 on James Island to celebrate Memorial Day. The dedication and commitment of our troops and veterans is unmatched, and we owe them all our gratitude - on Memorial Day and every day.
Honored to spend time with veterans on James Island on Memorial Day
Hope everyone has a happy and safe Memorial Day.  If there is a special military member or vet whom you are remembering today, please post in the comments so we can all honor their sacrifice.
