Sen. Alexander signs the final beam of Eastman Chemical Company’s Corporate Business Center, the latest milestone of the company’s expansion, which Alexander and Eastman executives commemorated during a Topping Out ceremony at the company’s Kingsport headquarters today.   “Eastman has renewed its commitment to thousands of families in Upper East Tennessee. We are fortunate to have this global company improving the region and boosting the local economy. This expansion and the company’s continued investment in Tennessee further show that Eastman and the good jobs it is creating are right where those jobs ought to be.” – Lamar Alexander   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=96bf4828-35df-4982-a085-ba3f6c2ce7bc
Today, Sen. Alexander visited Eastman Chemical Company in Kingsport, Tenn., where Alexander and Eastman executives commemorated the latest milestone of the company’s expansion at a Topping Out ceremony at the company’s new Corporate Business Center.   “Eastman has renewed its commitment to thousands of families in Upper East Tennessee. We are fortunate to have this global company improving the region and boosting the local economy. This expansion and the company’s continued investment in Tennessee further show that Eastman and the good jobs it is creating are right where they ought to be.” – Lamar Alexander   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=96bf4828-35df-4982-a085-ba3f6c2ce7bc
Was very glad meet with local high school students Kate Aiken of Manchester, Courtney Pederson of Bedford, and Luke Testa of Derry and donate used sports equipment in support of Project PLAY NH, a program they co-founded to help disadvantaged youth play sports.
Joined New Hampshire ski area managers yesterday for a roundtable discussion at Pat's Peak in Henniker focused on legislative efforts to ensure our state's ski industry can continue to grow and thrive. Representatives from the ski industry expressed concerns with the health care law, specifically the law's definition of seasonal employees, which they said could lead ski area owners to shorten their season.  Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1629
While this makes sense for health workers, journalists, and other Americans returning to the U.S., the president needs to implement a temporary suspension on all travel visas for passengers in these countries – that’s an important next step as we work to contain this deadly virus. #Ebola
College students looking for spring internships in Washington and Arkansas should check out this page to learn about the opportunities in my office.
As Americans, we are blessed to live in a nation with world-class hospitals, medical professionals and technologies designed to deal with complex health care challenges. The outbreak of the Ebola virus is a serious health issue for our country, and the United States needs to aggressively prepare to respond to the threat Ebola poses.   Given the seriousness of this situation, the United States should temporarily enact a visa ban on nationals from Ebola-affected countries. Ensuring that citizens from these countries cannot enter the United States is a common-sense step to contain this virus and protect American citizens.
General Umbarger is one of the most respected adjutant generals in the country and a valuable leader in Indiana. He has led the Indiana National Guard and served our state and nation with integrity and distinction over his 45 year military career. I wish him and his family the best of luck as they prepare for the next chapter of their lives.
NA
NA
Thanks to Rep. Raúl R. Labrador and Wilder residents for joining me at the Wilder Rural Fire Station for our town meeting! #Idaho
Issues surrounding immigration, both legal, and illegal, came up during my town meeting in Caldwell.  We do need a strong guest worker program, but we must strengthen our border security.  Thank you to everyone who joined the discussion! #Idaho
Enjoyed visiting with Alice Whitney from Zions Bank at Governor C. L. "Butch" Otter's Economic Conference. #Idaho
It was my great pleasure to introduce Governor Mitt Romney at Governor C. L. "Butch" Otter's Business and Trade Conference in Boise. #Idaho
Joined Kevin Miller on 580kido this morning to discuss job creation, fiscal policy and immigration policy.  Thanks for having me! #Idaho
Thank you, Hailey and Brian, for attending the town meeting in Kuna!
Gambling monkeys and zombie musicals? Check out Sen. Coburn's 2014 Wastebook for the 100 most absurd things the government has spent money on the past year:
Cornyn: President Must Involve Congress on Iran: "The American people will not tolerate a President who wheels and deals with a radical regime behind their backs and dodges congressional oversight every chance he gets."
Senator Corker enjoyed meeting with Tennesseans in Benton and Perry counties yesterday. He began the afternoon holding a roundtable discussion with business and community leaders in Camden. Later, he chatted with diners at the Country & Western Steakhouse before stopping by Benton County's United Way “Good Neighbor Auction” to thank volunteers and congratulate them on another successful event. Corker wrapped the day in Linden meeting with members of the Perry County Chamber and discussing some of the ways we can grow the economy and address the challenges facing our country.    The senator will continue his travels across West Tennessee today, making stops in Madison, Chester and Fayette counties.
Your tax dollars have paid people to watch grass grow, to put lions on a treadmill, and to watch sea monkeys synchronize swim.   Sen. Tom Coburn, thank you for watching out for the taxpayer. Read and SHARE his 2014 Wastebook.
With over 50,000 brands using their product, Wyoming’s PitchEngine tech startup is now moving into new territory by investing in websites to provide instant local news to Wyoming’s communities. Thanks to Founder/CEO Jason Kintzler and the PitchEngine team for explaining what they do and showing Diana and I around their offices in Lander on October 15.
Offering the ability to customize your own binoculars, Maven Outdoor Equipment Company in Lander is working hard to be another in a long line of successful startups in the Cowboy state. Thanks to Maven founders Cade Maestas, Mike Lilygren and Brendon Weaver for taking the time to tell me more about their company on October 15. #WyoWorks
My Small Business Fairness in Health Care Act would help address reductions in pay and hours workers face as a result of Obamacare.
This year Wyoming Catholic College had its largest freshman class ever. Diana and I were pleased to meet with President Dr. Kevin Roberts and Fr. Chris Saliga, O.P. on October 15 and visit their new building in downtown Lander. It’s good to see this Wyoming college growing. #WyoWorks
NA
Q&A with Senator Grassley: Savings=Security
Senator Grassley urges college students to know before they owe.
Standard & Poor’s new report predicts that Oklahoma will be one of four states to lead the nation in economic growth next year. No surprise here. Oklahoma is a friend to economic opportunity by encouraging the development of our state’s energy resources, by pursuing and building a strong infrastructure system, by embracing and caring for our military communities, and by ridding the state of outdated and unnecessary mandates in order to spur job creation. It’s why I’m proud to call Oklahoma home.   http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/govbeat/wp/2014/10/21/the-regions-with-the-best-economic-prospects-for-2015-according-to-sp/
The EPA’s Inspector General Arthur Elkins Jr. failed to address my basic question of why his office is conducting a “review" into the effectiveness of states’ hydraulic fracturing regulations. His own agency is simultaneously conducting a similar study, and the Groundwater Protection Council recently released a comprehensive report on the matter. Mr. Elkins’ office is not allowed to conduct regulatory investigations, but that is exactly what it appears that he is doing. When I brought this to his attention, Mr. Elkins response to me was that he doesn’t feel the need to justify his work to Congress. This arrogance is symptomatic in the Obama Administration, and I will continue to monitor and put pressure on the EPA to stop overstepping its boundaries, especially when it comes to states' rights:  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2014/10/21/is-epas-inspector-general-overstepping-with-review-of-fracking-regs/
Sen. Johnson is looking forward to visiting Valley Grinding and Manufacturing today in Little Chute to give his state of the nation presentation as he continues his #ManufacturingMonth tour of Wisconsin.
NA
"For too long – at least since the presidency of Ronald Reagan – conservatives have failed to make our case to young people. We have failed to explain how the conservative view of politics is truly distinct from – and superior to – the progressive view.  "The most important disagreements between conservatives and progressives today are often over the biggest things: our conception of justice and the common good, our understanding of the good life and human flourishing.  "But I think the most clarifying way to bring out these differences between the Right and the Left is to compare the visions of American life underlying our immediate political and policy agendas.  "These visions represent the basis for how each side understands the present and what they hope for in the future... they inform how we diagnose a problem and they shape the solutions we propose.   "One of the clearest and most revealing illustrations of the progressive vision of American society that I have ever come across was the Obama campaign’s web slideshow from the summer of 2012 called 'Life of Julia.'  "Anyone remember it? For those fortunate enough to have avoided it, the 'Life of Julia' was a series of animated slides telling the story of a fictional woman who was meant to represent the average American woman. Viewers could scroll through the slides and see how, at every stage of life from age 3 to 67, Julia was not just enriched – but fulfilled – by a federal government program.  "When I saw it, I wasn’t sure if I should laugh or cry... I think I did both."  You can read the rest of the speech that I delivered last night to the students at Hillsdale College here:
From my speech today at Hillsdale College: "Americans are moving in a direction of greater individual and community empowerment – while public policy is moving in the opposite direction, toward consolidation and centralization. It’s going to be up to America’s next generation to decide which way we go.   "So the answer to the first question – why should young people care about politics – is, on a certain level, pretty straightforward: politics matters because it will in many ways define the world you inherit and set the parameters of the good you can do in it."
Drum roll please... here are the top 10 examples of outlandish government spending from Tom Coburn's 2014 #Wastebook:  10. $10K National Endowment for the Arts grant to produce “Zombie in Love,” a musical about a teenage zombie “dying to find true love." 9. $146M in tax-free subsidies - which would otherwise fund public infrastructure projects - to build lavish sports stadiums. 8. $171K to study what monkeys playing video games and gambling reveals about free will. 7. $331K to study how often spouses stab voodoo dolls when they are “hangry.” 6. $124.3M to contractor USIS that submited 665K fake security checks and gave Edward Snowden the all-clear. 5. $200K anti-terror grant to Ithaca, NY – named America’s “most secure” small town – to buy state-of-the-art SWAT equipment. 4. $856K for National Science Foundation (NSF) to teach three captive mountain lions how to use a treadmill. 3. $414K to build a free first-person shooter video game that the Intelligence Community fears could train terrorists. 2. $387K in National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding to give Swedish massages to rabbits. 1. $19M to put fed gov’t employees on paid “administrative leave” for disciplinary reasons - many for months or years at a time.  http://www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=f9478504-be7e-4b8f-9ef8-baa0895a9579
Among the 100 most outlandish government expenditures highlighted in Tom Coburn's 2014 #Wastebook is $387,000 in National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding to give Swedish Massages to rabbits. Learn about the other bizarre projects your taxpayer dollars are supporting in the book Washington doesn’t want you to read: http://www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=f9478504-be7e-4b8f-9ef8-baa0895a9579
So great to join my daughter Meghan's TV show Take Part Live on pivot in Los Angeles tonight! Very proud of her!
Last month, I introduced the Toxic Exposure Research Act. It would establish a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of descendants of individuals exposed to toxins such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War neurotoxins, burn pits in Iraq and other chemicals from overseas conflicts. I am hopeful this bipartisan and bicameral legislation will continue to receive the support from Members of Congress. October is #AgentOrangeAwareness month. I encourage you to learn more about the impact of this toxin by clicking the link below.
Here's a little video of how much fun we had during last night's Hip Hop Cycle event at the Alaska Club in West Anchorage, raising awareness for ALS.
What an incredibly thoughtful gesture by Girl Scout Troop 4140 in Sitka, who donated their cookie and car wash money to help parents of special needs children shop for groceries.  Makes this former Southeast Girl Scout proud!
Twenty-eight years ago, President Reagan signed into law comprehensive tax reform. Now, almost thirty years later, our onerous and outdated tax code continues to force businesses to leave the U.S., taking American jobs with them. We can and must reform our tax code again so that we keep businesses and jobs here at home and provide relief to all Americans.
Rubio, Kirk: U.S. Support To Gaza Cannot Come At Israel’s Expense: http://1.usa.gov/ZGMxAN  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Mark Kirk (R-IL) today expressed concern over Secretary of State John Kerry’s recent announcement of more than $150 million of assistance to the United Nations Refugee and Works Agency (UNRWA), despite ongoing concerns about its conduct during the recent conflict in Gaza.   In a letter to Kerry, the senators highlighted three cases of rockets being found at UNRWA facilities as well as the absence of an independent investigation into its actions, and called on the Administration to assure Congress that U.S. assistance to the Gaza reconstruction effort will in no way aid extremists’ attacks against Israel.   “Given UNRWA’s record and the absence of an independent investigation into its actions during the conflict, we were dumbfounded when, on October 12th, you reiterated, without any qualification, that the United States would provide more than $150 million to UNRWA programs in Gaza,” wrote the senators. “This blind support sends the wrong message to an institution that has already become far too dependent on the largesse of the American taxpayer and repeatedly failed to ensure that its facilities and resources are not used by terrorists who wish to sow chaos and instability rather than aid the Palestinian people.   “The United States should assist the people of Gaza as they rebuild after yet another Hamas-caused conflict. But this support cannot come at the expense of Israel’s security,” added the senators. “We will not support the provision of future U.S. assistance to entities or projects in Gaza unless the State Department assures Congress that UNRWA or the relevant recipient entity has imposed independently audited accountability measures to verifiably prevent any U.S. assistance from aiding, directly or indirectly, extremists’ efforts to rearm or lay the groundwork for future attacks against Israel.”
Reminder: We need your help to honor Alabama's veterans. Visit my website to submit your hero's story today:  http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/honoring-alabama-s-veterans
We had a great turnout of veterans today at our Veterans Job Training Workshop in Greer as part of my statewide veterans job training initiative.  Learn more about this and other events here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-set-kick-statewide-veterans-job-training-initiative
Great to be on the campus of Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia to detail a new program the school is sponsoring which is designed to provide disabled veterans with the skills they will need to start their own business.
Community round-tables enable to me have a better working knowledge of how we can achieve our goals in Pennsylvania. Yesterday, I visited Erie to discuss how we can battle social concerns.
