Sen. Alexander today called on the two members of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) appointed by President Obama in January during a pro-forma session of the United States Senate to resign immediately after a Federal Circuit Court of Appeals panel ruled those appointments unconstitutional.  Alexander said: “The court has found that the president violated the Constitution when he made these appointments. These individuals should resign from the board immediately, because no decision in which they participate can be valid. This judgment is proof that the administration defied the Constitution’s separation of powers and its concept of checks and balances, which are the guard against an imperial presidency.”  In September of last year, Alexander joined 41 Republican senators in filing an amicus brief in the Noel Canning case against the President’s pro-forma session appointments to the National Labor Relations Board.  Alexander gave a floor speech last February, saying: “The president has shown disregard for possibly the best-known and most important role of the Senate – its power of advice and consent of executive and judicial nominations as outlined in Article 2, Section 2, of the Constitution.” Here is the full speech:  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6fb67fd6-a9c7-43ac-85c3-8955d5b0fc26&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658&YearDisplay=2012
NA
Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of senators at a Capitol Hill press conference on Wednesday to announce the reintroduction of legislation she has co-sponsored to renew the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) - the landmark law aimed at preventing domestic and sexual violence and helping victims. The law encourages collaboration among law enforcement, judicial personnel, and public and private service providers.
While my preference was that we did not change the Senate rules, we successfully stopped the so-called ‘nuclear option’ from going into effect. This solution is manageable and will preserve the minority party’s ability to debate any bill.
A wrap-up of this week's work includes the introduction of "No Budget, No Pay," my response to new gun control legislation and our efforts to help bring assistance to AR from the Christmas storms. If you missed it, you can read all about it in the post below.
Last year, President Obama made a series of unprecedented "recess" appointments during a time when the Senate was in regular proceedings. Today, the court correctly ruled that action was unconstitutional. More on that ruling in the blog post linked here.
NA
News Release: One of my closest friends in the U.S. Senate announced today that he would not seek reelection in 2014.  Senator Saxby Chambliss, R-GA, is an incredible leader that has the ability to bring people together on a bipartisan basis in what has become a highly-politicized environment.  Through our work in the Senate and the so-called Gang of Six, I have seen him fight for real solutions to help not only Georgia, but the entire nation.  I can always count on Saxby to come to the table to solve problems, not just talk about them.  He will be greatly missed.
Last night, in the first vote of the 113th Congress, I voted against a rules change package. While I commend the two leaders for averting the use of the so-called 'nuclear option,' I do not believe we should weaken the filibuster and therefore the rights of the minority.  I did, however, support a rules change to make it easier to go to conference with the U.S. House.  I am committed to continuing to work with all of my colleagues as we tackle the tough issues facing the country.
VIDEO: Yesterday’s press conference on the reintroduction of the Violence Against Women Act.
As leaders of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, Senators Collins and Bill Nelson (D-FL) plan to hold a hearing to investigate scams targeting senior citizens -- including a Jamaican phone scam that is bilking Maine seniors of hundreds of thousands of dollars.    Read more:
Obama recess appointments unconstitutional
Cornyn Statement on 2013 March For Life:
I want to welcome and thank all Texans who have made the trip to Washington to make their voices heard.  We’ve taken important steps in recent years to defend life, including passage of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act and the Unborn Victims of Violence Act. I believe that all life should be treated with dignity and respect, and I am committed to doing all I can to protect innocent life. I am proud so many Texans join me in sharing this core belief.
Senator Corker today applauded a federal appeals court’s ruling that President Barack Obama violated the Constitution when he bypassed the Senate’s advice and consent authority in making so-called “recess” appointments last January. “This ruling is a huge victory for all who believe in balance of power and the rule of law,” said Corker. In September, Corker and 41 of his Senate colleagues filed an amicus brief in this case (Noel Canning v. NLRB), a challenge to the constitutionality of President Obama’s so-called “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in January.
Today, and every day, we remember the 55 million children whose lives have been lost to abortion. 
 
 I commend the thousands of Americans who have traveled to our Nation’s capital for the 2013 March for Life. America is blessed to have so many passionate men and women willing to devote their time, efforts, and prayers to protect the unborn: http://1.usa.gov/14cYQ6p
I was pleased the court ruled that the President’s “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board were not Constitutional.
Calling all Wyoming high school students who are 16 or 17 years old with at least a 3.0 grade point average: Interested in learning firsthand how the U.S. Senate works? Then apply for the summer session of the U.S. Senate Page program. You’ll live in Washington, D.C. and be a part of your nation’s history! Click on the link to learn how to apply.
I was informed by Senator Chambliss earlier today that he would not seek reelection. I received this news with great sadness and disappointment because Saxby is one of my best friends in or out of politics.   I know this was a difficult decision for Saxby and Julianne, but I understand their desire to spend time with their wonderful family and enter into a new phase of their lives.   Saxby Chambliss is one of the Senate’s strongest voices on national security, and is incredibly respected both for his intellect and gentlemanly nature. His decision not to seek reelection is a great loss for the United States Senate.    I am confident that Saxby will continue to aggressively represent the people of Georgia and our nation as a whole until his last day in office.    The Chambliss family are my dearest friends and have served the people of Georgia well.
I'm reminded how great John Deere is when I come here. U all shld take tour of the factory   There engineers are always looking way ahead
PresObama must reconsider lots of actions he's taken thru executive order in lite of DC Circuit over ruling him on appts Nixon tried same
I hope that Pres Obama will honor Constitution& oath now bc of Court over ruling him on appointment power  Best case since Truman&Youngstown
When DC Circuit over ruled Obama on declaring congress adjourned so he cld make recess appts Ct said he was unconstitutional Pull in ur horn
My son in law mark speckermann is retiring fr John Deere engime work in waterlloo after 37yrs being engineer. Nice party today for him
Just in case u have not heard, an appeals court ruled Obama's recess appointments to the NLRB were not legal bc Congress was in session.
"Senator Cornyn delivered some Texas beef steaks to the office this week to settle our friendly wager on the Bison, Bearkat Football game earlier this month. We appreciate Senator Cornyn for being such a good sport and for bringing us the choicest beef steaks from his home state. We’re very proud of NDSU’s accomplishments and congratulate the coaches, players, administration and fans for capping a tremendous season with a second national championship.”
Yesterday I had the privilege of speaking with over a hundred Oklahomans here for the March for Life rally in D.C. Our nation was founded on the rights of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," yet we have snuffed out more than 54 million American lives since Roe v. Wade. The Obama Administration's abortion mantra of a women's right to choose has instead cost us the lives of hundreds of thousands of more females in our society who were robbed of their constitutional right to life at their most vulnerable state. I was proud to see such a diverse crowd in yesterday's Oklahoma group, young and old of all different backgrounds. Today and every day, I stand with these men, women, and children who march to recognize the sanctity of life.
Yesterday I received a briefing from the Pentagon on Sec. Panetta’s plan to review women in combat roles. As the incoming Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I'll be closely monitoring this initiative to ensure any changes are in the best interest of our men and women serving on the front lines:  http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6e3ea55a-f207-2c35-9187-f03f4d77f6b9
America could learn a lesson from Illinois in the hopes of avoiding potential junk bond status.
"The power of a written constitution lies in its words. It is those words that were adopted by the people.  When those words speak clearly, it is not up to us to depart from their meaning in favor of our own concept of efficiency, convenience, or facilitation of the functions of government."
I am pleased that after careful review a federal court of appeals concluded that President Obama’s so-called ‘recess’ appointments were indeed unconstitutional.  When President Obama bypassed the Senate and unilaterally made key appointments at a time the Senate considered itself in session, he ignored the plain text of the Constitution and endangered the checks and balances essential to our nation’s system of government accountability.  As the D.C. Circuit rightly concluded, "Allowing the President to define the scope of his own appointments power would eviscerate the Constitution’s separation of powers."   Over the course of the last year, I have spoken out against these unprecedented and unconstitutional actions in numerous settings, including in meetings of the Senate Judiciary Committee, on the floor of the U.S. Senate, in a hearing before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in countless interviews in the press.  In protest of these unconstitutional appointments, I voted against President Obama’s judicial and executive appointments.  Today’s decision represents vindication of the principled stand I have taken against this President’s disregard of our nation’s Constitution.    The court’s ruling today is a sober reminder of how far detached this administration has become from our constitutional heritage and the rule of law.  By failing to follow the Constitution’s specified procedure for appointing executive officials, the President has created chaos and confusion for the business community, which has been left uncertain as to the validity of the many rules and regulations promulgated by officers that were not appointed according to the Constitution’s requirements.
Unsustainable growth of government spending is an economic threat to America today and in the future. Please join me in sending a message to President Obama to encourage an open, honest, and urgent discussion of our government’s spending problem. I encourage you to visit http://moran.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=letter-to-president-obama and join the hundreds of Kansans who want to achieve meaningful spending reform and have already signed my letter to the President.
I’m interested in your thoughts.   In his Secretary of State confirmation hearing yesterday, Sen. John Kerry said, "In these days of fiscal crisis… we can't be strong in the world unless we're strong at home. The first priority will be that America, at last, puts its fiscal house in order. More than ever, foreign policy is economic policy.”   Do you agree that addressing our national debt is important to our national security?  
Father Norman Elliott is an amazing man with an amazing story.  In my Veteran Spotlight, he gives a firsthand account of WWII- as he put it- the good and the not so good.  If you have a few minutes this Friday, please consider watching his story- let’s not forget what the Greatest Generation did for our nation, and our world.
America needs Eielson, plain and simple.  I have been speaking out against hasty decisions based on faulty numbers and reasoning that could damage the Air Force’s mission or Alaskan economy, and today, I am introducing a new bill that will ensure due diligence is done before any big changes to Eielson AFB.
Crain's takes a look at our bill repealing part of President Obama's big government health care law
In September, Sen. Sessions and 41 of his Senate colleagues filed an amicus brief challenging the legality of President Obama's "recess" appointments to the National Labor Relations Board, because the appointments were not made when the Senate was in recess. Today the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ruled that the appointments were in fact unconstitutional, meaning the illegal appointments will be invalidated.
Yellowhammer Politics today discussed efforts to force the Senate to pass a budget: "This is a significant win for Sessions because he has been out front beating the drum on this issue for quite a while now. He has worked tirelessly to expose Senator Reid’s strategy of never producing a budget in order to shield his members from public scrutiny."  After refusing to lay out a financial plan for the country, Senate Democrats relented and said this week that they will produce their first budget in four years.
Today, a federal appeals court ruled that the President’s recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board last year were unconstitutional.  I am extremely pleased the court confirmed what we all knew last year – the President’s attempt to stack the deck at the NLRB was unconstitutional.  The NLRB was established to be an unbiased arbiter, but the President has turned it into a pro-union, anti-right-to-work organization. As a result, the Board’s activity has, at times, destroyed jobs and hurt hardworking American families, which we saw in South Carolina over the last two years, and cannot be allowed to continue down that path.
Great to see the enthusiasm for politics from Erie seniors Kaleb Cabisca and Zach Binder. We met when they were in town for the inauguration earlier this week. Thanks for stopping by, guys.
ICYMI, here's my conversation with WILK's Sue Henry about my bill to ban earmarks for good. Thanks for having me on, Sue.
I’ll be on with WILK’s Sue Henry at 9:30 am to talk about my bills to impose congressional term limits and ban earmarks. Hope you can listen in:
The hundreds of thousands who have come to Washington, D.C. today for the March for Life are a testament to the importance of protecting the unborn.
