IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Sen. Alexander recently joined Instagram! Follow him for updates from #TN and #DC by going to instagram.com/senlamaralexander.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out The Commercial Appeal article, “Tennessee Sen. Alexander is critic-in-chief of national labor board” about Alexander’s opposition to the organization’s union advocacy under the Obama administration.  “… Alexander has derided the five-member labor panel as a ‘quorum of one,’ called out President Barack Obama for making ‘illegal’ appointments to the board while the Senate was in recess, and voted against confirming two Democrats to the panel. While his grievances against the labor board are varied, many share a common thread: Under the Obama administration, he said, the panel has become less of an umpire and more of a pro-union advocate.” Read MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1i63QSs 
Whether they are in the military or other parts of our society, we must start treating people with behavioral illnesses just like any other physical illness and work to provide these Americans with the same opportunity for a cure. In the wake of the Fort Hood shooting, I’m talking to military leaders in Missouri and nationwide about ways we can better care for our servicemen and women who need help.
Nearly 1 in 4 Americans are living with diagnosable mental illnesses. The Waynesville Daily Guide reported on my visit to Ft. Leonard Wood last week as part of my ongoing efforts to pass policies that help people in Missouri and across American get the best possible care. 
From U.S. Senator John Boozman's staff:   Senator Boozman was taken to the hospital overnight after suffering from pain in his chest and arm. After running several tests doctors admitted him and performed heart surgery today.   Doctors say he responded well to the surgery and are monitoring his recovery. The Senator's family has visited with him and are hopeful for a full recovery. They are appreciative of the thoughts and prayers from well-wishers.   Additional updates will be provided by his Senate office once more information is available.
Marsha and I had a chance to stop by the George Rogers Clark National Historical Park today in Vincennes.
Marsha and I had a chance to stop by the George Rogers Clark National Historical Park today in Vincennes.
NA
Please pray for a quick and full recovery for my colleague Senator John Boozman, who is undergoing emergency surgery
Excellent discussion this morning with Indiana NFIB members about issues facing Hoosier small businesses
This week a member of my staff will visit the following communities to assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Today, April 22 Connersville: 12:00pm – 2:00pm ET, Connersville City Hall, 500 N. Central Ave.  Wednesday, April 23 Carmel: 1:00pm – 3:00pm ET, Carmel City Hall, 1 Civic Square  Thursday, April 24 Peru: 10:00am – 12:00pm ET, Peru City Hall, 35 S. Broadway  Friday. April 25 Seymour: 10:00am – 12:00pm ET, Seymour City Hall, 301 N. Chestnut St. South Bend: 12:30pm – 2:30pm ET, 304 S. Main St. Greencastle: 1:00pm – 2:00pm ET, 103 East Poplar St.
NA
Congrats to Coach Popovich: only 3rd coach in NBA history to win Coach of the Year 3 times 
We should facilitate the incredible energy renaissance taking place in our nation to bring back jobs and opportunity to the working men and women of America.
If you are in or around Houston, I hope you'll join me on Friday, May 2, for an evening discussion on Faith and Freedom in the Public Square at Houston Baptist University!  More info can be found here:
Fresh demonstrations in Caracas mark one year of Maduro's disastrous rule. #SOSVenezuela
Even at a time when Congress is so mired in partisan gridlock, we stood united against the virulent anti-Americanism coming from Iran. #KeepTerroristsOut
Union leader: “Once again, the administration is making a political calculation instead of doing what is right for the country.” #KeystoneXL
Vote to keep the #earmark ban in place by retweeting  Speaker John Boehner at the link below.
NA
Many thanks to veterans Chris Adam, Tom Ryan, Dan Richmond, and everyone else who joined our VA roundtable today in Williston to continue our work to see that veterans living in western North Dakota have more access to health care services in their own communities.
NA
The Bureau of Land Management wrongfully picked a fight with Cliven Bundy when it began to roundup and forcefully remove his herd of cattle.  Cliven Bundy and his supporters have even been called "domestic terrorists." The BLM showed up with tasers drawn and German Shepherds ready to attack when instead the BLM could have simply pursued any claim against Cliven Bundy in a much more conventional and responsible way.  The BLM and Obama picked this fight and now have the obligation to diffuse this showdown as safely and quickly as possible.
In a purely political stunt, President Obama has found another way to dodge approval of the northern portion of the Keystone XL pipeline. Instead President Obama will wait until after the November elections to make a final decision. This time President Obama is scapegoating the delay on a Nebraska court decision that the administration previously said would not influence Keystone’s approval in an attempt to appease environmentalists like billionaire Tom Steyer. http://oklahoman.com/administration-finds-another-way-to-keep-xl-pipeline-on-ice/article/4228363
Every year many Americans face unexpected financial obstacles and personal loss from natural disasters. Last Year Oklahomans faced great devastation after tornadoes touched down in Moore. It is critical that Americans are prepared for unexpected disasters which is why I have introduced the Disaster Savings Accounts (DSA) Act of 2014. Similair to Health Savings Accounts (HSA), DSAs would provide consumers the opportunity to save $5,000 per year in a tax-preferred savings account that can be used for disaster recovery and mitigation efforts. Additionally, DSAs will better prepare Americans for future disasters which will save lives, property, and taxpayer dollars. http://www.rollcall.com/news/flood_insurance_vote_underscores_need_for_national_mitigation_strategy-232238-1.html
Time to stop Obama admin's executive overreach. I'll discuss how at 6:35 Central on Fox News. @gretawire @FoxNews http://t.co/hasvC7XgTY
Retweeted Ron DeSantis (@RepDeSantis):  Read more about the amicus brief supporting @SenRonJohnson's lawsuit: http://t.co/piEXHA139o. 12 Senators & 26 Congressmen signed on! #tcot
Retweeted WILL (@WI_Law_Liberty):  We argue that the #Obamacare congressional exemption causes @SenRonJohnson concrete, individualized harm #wiright http://t.co/hg8MkNyg0S
I'll be on Fox's Greta Van Susteren at 6:35 CT on challenging Obama admin's special Obamacare deal for Congress. @gretawire @FoxNews
The Obama admin never wants its special deal for Congress to have a day in court. My answer now is filed. http://t.co/uDKJMmqltR
Please join me in celebrating #IL’s vast natural resources, which support more than 63,000 Illinois families who own farms. #HappyEarthDay
I met with Salt Lake County Sheriff Jim Winder today, and we had a great conversation about the Smarter Sentencing Act.  I appreciated his positive feedback on our need to reform our criminal justice system.
Did you know that the unemployment rate in #Utah is 4.1% vs. 6.7% nationwide? After meeting with the Board of Governors for the Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce, I am convinced that Utah will continue to outperform when it comes to innovating and creating economic growth.
I hope you will watch this and help me share it.  People are starting to pay attention to the problems that come from the federal government's excessive ownership of land in the West.  I participated in Ken Ivory's public land summit last week with other elected officials from around the country, and I am encouraged by the attention this issue is receiving. #TransferPublicLands #BiggerThanBundy
I had a great time on Late Night with Seth Meyers last night. Watch here: 
At lunch today I spoke at McPherson Rotary Club. The discussion with the more than 90 residents who attended focused on the decisions in Washington that impact our day-to-day quality of life in Kansas – from health care and agriculture to small businesses and telecommunications. At the meeting, it was an honor to present Rotarian Dick Nichols – my longtime friend and mentor – with a framed copy of a speech I gave on the floor of the U.S. Senate as well as a picture of the two of us at the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. We change the world one soul at a time; Dick Nichols has been doing that throughout his life as a husband, father, veteran, Congressman, community leader and friend. Thanks again to Club President Adrian Morales for the invitation to speak and to my friend and fellow Rotarian Dale Sprague for the kind introduction.
It's a beautiful morning on the campus of Bethany College. I had a good visit with President Ed Leonard, the current chair of the Association of Kansas Independent Colleges.
Visited Bellisio Foods today - one of the largest food processing centers in the country, right here in Jackson, Ohio.
Talking liberty and freedom with the University of Chicago Institute of Politics #IOPRand
NA
#schoolchoice roundtable discussion in #Chicago at Josephinum Academy
Can't make it to my school choice roundtable discussion in Chicago today? You can still watch live HERE at 12:30pm ET/ 11:30am CT  http://www.illinoispolicy.org/randpaul/
Just got the call from the Air Force: McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita will be the home of the new KC-46A Tanker mission. I am proud of the airmen at McConnell for earning this mission based on their excellent record of service. Once again, Kansas will be taking a leading role in protecting our national security by providing next generation capability in global reach. As the Air Capital of the World, Wichita is the perfect home for this new mission. The men and women who will operate and maintain the KC-46A at McConnell are part of a community of unwavering support for their critical mission and a deep understanding of the support their families and loved ones need back home.
"The NYT report on the shrinking American middle class underscores once again that we have a surplus—not a shortage—of labor. The record immigration of the last 40 years, combined with the outsourcing of American manufacturing and the automation of many jobs, has placed substantial downward pressure on wages and employment: a recent study documented that all net employment gains in the U.S. from 2000-2013 went to immigrant workers, while real wages have dropped beneath 1999 levels. Yet President Obama and his congressional allies push for an unprecedented surge in new immigration. We need to rescue the American middle class, not hollow it out even further." – J.S.
My goal is to positively affect people's lives through a message of hope and opportunity.   Read about my Opportunity Agenda here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/opportunityagenda
