Today the Senate passed a bill sponsored by Sen. Lamar Alexander that would lower student loan interest rates for 200,000 Tennesseans going to college this fall. Alexander said, "This permanent, market-based plan makes students’ loans cheaper, simpler and more certain. It ends the annual game of Congress playing politics with student loan interest rates at the expense of students planning their futures."  Follow this link to read more about The Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act: http://1.usa.gov/1363UtV
Watch and share to tell President Obama that private sector job creation should be our #1 domestic priority.
I also joined Carl Quintanilla on CNBC today to talk about President Obama’s latest messaging “pivot” to private sector job creation.
I spoke to Chuck Todd on MSNBC this morning about President Obama's upcoming economic speech in Warrensburg as part of his latest "pivot" to jobs. Watch our discussion and share your thoughts below.
I am very pleased the Senate passed our bipartisan student loan bill today. I want to thank my cosponsors and all those who voted to provide lower interest rates for 100% of borrowers.  http://1.usa.gov/15guXSU
After a great deal of discussion between all sides, we were finally able to pass a smart compromise solution to restore lower interest rates on student loans through the Senate with the support of a majority of Democrats and Republicans. It goes to show that when everyone is willing to work together, we really can solve issues that matter to Americans.
We were busy in the Veterans' Affairs Committee today. Several pieces of legislation I introduced were approved by the committee. See how we're improving veterans' benefits.
Mayflower oil spill victims shouldn’t be required to pay taxes on  disaster relief assistance from ExxonMobil.
President Obama promised to care about middle class Americans, but his policies are making their lives much more difficult.
Ranking Member Crapo at today’s #EPW subcommittee hearing on the #EPA’s Brownfields Program. One of the witnesses, Dr. Kendra Kenyon, is an Idaho native who oversees all aspects of the Idaho Council of Governments.
VIDEO: Many Idahoans who contact me or visit my offices—individual citizens, farmers, ranchers ,county commissioners or mayors—bring to my attention  Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations.  EPA’s overreach and extreme enforcement mentality is unnecessary. Rather than trying to work to find solutions, we have an approach at the EPA to force compliance and utilize heavy-handed techniques. A healthy environment and a strong economy need not be mutually exclusive.  While I support ensuring that science, research and other tools are available to leave our air, water and soil better than we found them for future generations, layering on more burdensome regulations and imposing overwhelming penalties when the desired environmental outcomes are uncertain is not the best means to achieve this goal. I addressed this topic during my opening remarks at an Environment and Public Works Committee hearing yesterday.
Earlier, my staff and I celebrated Chas Grant, a member of my team who is retiring. I wish Chas all the best and thank him for his service.
With Senator Collins' support, the Senate this evening approved a bipartisan student loan fix that will lower interest rates. http://usat.ly/1c3bIjn
Eric Wright, a Staff Attorney for the Maine Bureau of Consumer Credit Protection, testified today before Senator Collins' committee about the troubling prevalence of online lending that Maine consumers face.  According to Wright, his department receives daily calls from Mainers victimized by these online lenders.   Today's hearing, titled  "Payday Loans: Short-Term Solution or Long Term Problem?," examined several issues related to payday loans and deposit advance products.
Cornyn Urges President to Focus on Human Rights in Vietnam:
So the WH press secretary thinks the IRS matter is a "phoney scandal"?
Politico: GOP Senators Target IRS on Obamacare:
Roll Call: Cornyn Tries to Block IRS from Implementing Obamacare:
Iranian sanctions working? The Central Bank released the 1936-2012 inflation statistics, reporting that inflation increased 200% between 2009-2012. Last month’s inflation rate stands at 45.1% in comparison to last year.
Cornyn Introduces Amendment to Prevent IRS From Enforcing Obamacare:
CNS News: Cornyn: $46B Immigration Bill 'One of the Most Massive Wastes...in History of Fed Gov:'
VIDEO: Cornyn: By His Own Measuring Stick, Obama’s Big Government Experiment a Failure
TIME: Despite Rhetoric, VA Claims Backlog Continues to Ebb:
Student loan fix may not pass with D majority in Senate
Obamacare = part-time work for those seeking full-time
Senator Corker met with over 85 Tennesseans at yesterday’s constituent breakfast on Capitol Hill. The event, Tennessee Tuesday, is held each week the Senate is in session. In this photo, Senator Corker greets Tennessee students who are visiting Washington in conjunction with “Impact: DC.” (http://bbyo.org/summer/impactdc/). Learn more about Tennessee Tuesday here: http://1.usa.gov/14qbW20.
If we want to stop the Obamacare train wreck, the time is now. The American grassroots must stand up and demand it.   Will you stand with us? Defund Obamacare now!
Humbled to join the Night to Honor Israel Rally and celebrate what is right in the world, which is the rock solid alliance between the United States and the nation of Israel.
The Senate passed a permanent student loan rate fix this evening. It's market-based, fiscally responsible, and fair to both students and taxpayers.
Earlier this month, Diana and I traveled over 2,000 miles across Wyoming. We held “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions in seven communities in the state. We were pleased to hear from residents from all over Wyoming. I appreciate the ability of Wyoming folks to know what is wrong and to come up with new ideas to solve the most complex of problems.
Government agencies need to be more accountable to you in how they spend taxpayer money. I joined Senator Coburn and others in introducing a bill that would cut spending on government-sponsored conferences and require the expenses to be published online. With a $17 trillion national debt, these agencies should be required to prioritize how they spend tax dollars and cut the worst first.
Introduced a bill today to give small businesses – which are the backbone of our economy – greater certainty going forward with regard to taxes. More information below.
The bipartisan student loan compromise the Senate passed today will lower interest rates for all students and help middle class families afford a college education. Tying interest rates to the market will protect taxpayers and lock-in longterm, historically low rates for all loans. Rather than another temporary fix that benefits a portion of students, this solution implements lasting reforms that provide certainty for all students in a fiscally responsible manner, and I was very pleased to support it.
Yesterday, I questioned EPA’s proposed expansion of the Clean Water Act, which would increase costs and regulations on local governments and property owners. Nebraska has made great progress in environmental protection as a result of strong communication and cooperation within the state. Nebraskans need an EPA that will collaborate rather than regulate whenever possible. Watch my full remarks here.
Last week, I had the pleasure of meeting with two brave Nebraskans from Lincoln and Omaha who overcame cancer with the help of bone marrow donors.  Be The Match connects patients with a donor match for a life-saving marrow transplant.  The program has facilitated over 55,000 transplants and supports important research that has increased transplant success rates. Find out more about how you can get involved. http://bethematch.org/
There is no doubt Detroit has huge problems, but they are facing problems of their own making.  Detroit and other municipalities facing these issues need to get their own financial houses in order.  In South Carolina both our state government and localities have faced several lean budget years. They were forced to make tough, painful decisions which were not easy.  But they faced up to the challenges and did what was necessary.  Other states and localities should do likewise.  * Please "SHARE" with your Facebook Friends if you support the Graham Amendment and oppose bailing out cities like Detroit.
Thanks Rep Joe Heck for joining me to help struggling homeowners in #Nevada.  Las Vegas Review-Journal: http://bit.ly/13bh3ON
“This bipartisan legislation is a long-term fix that will give virtually all students a lower rate. Just as important, we now have a bill that I believe the House will pass and the president will sign by August, giving students the certainty of knowing they will have access to affordable rates for the coming school year.”
Just another reminder why ObamaCare must be repealed – The Washington Post has a story today on how part-time workers are now seeing paycuts due to the law.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/health-care-law-is-tied-to-new-caps-on-work-hours-for-part-timers/2013/07/23/e6272544-e96a-11e2-aa9f-c03a72e2d342_story.html
The president’s global warming agenda will be devastating to our nation’s economy and to the middle class. The president may believe it will be impossible to combat global warming without a strong middle class but we won’t have a middle class if the President pursues his jobs-killing greenhouse gas regulations which will cost our economy between $300 billion to $400 billion per year.  Add this to his other environmental initiatives, and the devastating costs to the economy reach $1 trillion per year and at least 9 million jobs.
After campaigning on a promise to be the most open and transparent administration in history, Obama's EPA has continued the controversial closed-door practice of "sue and settle" which leaves commercial industries without an opportunity to debate or defend themselves against the overregulation we continue to see from the Obama administration. Yesterday during an Environment and Public Works (EPW) committee hearing, three new EPA nominees committed on the record to include industry representatives in "sue and settle" discussions. You can watch the entire question and answer segment here: http://bit.ly/17Ds1jp
Say NO to bailouts.
64% of #Illinois grads carry college debt. Today I voted with Senator Joe Manchin III and Senator Richard Burr to permanently fix student loan interest rates.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=822
 
 Please share and comment below.
Proud to join Senator Jerry Moran & Senator Jon Tester in bipartisan legislation to increase community bank lending & create jobs. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=821
Productive meeting with Mayor Inman of #Macomb, pleased this economic center continues to grow.
Honored to meet a few of the latest members of the ANCA Team. #Armenia
 
 Share this with you friends! http://instagram.com/p/cJz3X5sqN6/
#Illinois has the second-most community banks of any state in America providing credit to homeowners. My bill ensures continued access to this market. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=820
Today, President Obama - for the eighth time in five years - officially "pivoted" his attention back to the economy.  Here is my response to the speech he delivered:  "There are three great crises in our economy today, each a crisis of fairness and equality - each caused in large part by the very policies President Obama supports.  First, there is the crisis of upward mobility. In America today, people born in poverty are often trapped there. It's not the free market that forces poor kids into underperforming schools, punishes single parents for getting married, and penalizes people for hard work - it's big government.  Second, there is the crisis of cronyism. If the economy seems rigged these days, that's because it is. Big government, big business, and big special interests manipulate the rules to profit at everyone else's expense.  Companies succeed not by serving customers, but politicians and bureaucrats. In Barack Obama's economy, Wall Street gets a bailout, Solyndra-gets a hand out, liberal interests get a carve-out, and everyone else gets left out.  And finally, there is the crisis of the middle class: stagnant wages, inequality, insecurity, and the exploding costs of housing, health care, and education. Contrary to the president's rhetoric, all of the above are directly tied to federal policy.  Wages rise when small businesses grow. But small businesses can't grow when crony capitalism protects large corporations from smaller competitors. And it's not a coincidence that the industries that have seen the worst inflation - housing, health care, and education - are the very industries controlled by government!  It is liberal big government - Barack Obama's government - that today ensnares the poor, privileges the rich, and squeezes the middle class.  It is time for us as Republicans to finally make a pivot of our own. It's time to become once again the Party of Lincoln and Reagan, the party of opportunity, and of ideas."
Happy Pioneer Day to all of the Utahns who are celebrating the day that Brigham Young first entered the salt lake valley and said, "This is the Place."  I am honored to represent the great state of Utah.
#Kentucky #coal miners fighting back. @WYMT: Coal miners petition fires back at President Obama's energy policy http://bit.ly/141wF6p
“Some of us believe it’s actually possible to act as good stewards of the environment without declaring ‘War’ on vulnerable groups of Americans. I know there are a lot of people in D.C. who think of Appalachia as flyover country. But many in my state have another word for it: home. And when these struggling families hear one of the White House’s climate advisors say that a War on Coal is, quote, ’exactly what’s needed,’ can you imagine how that makes them feel? It makes them feel like they’re expendable. Like Washington just doesn’t understand them – and frankly doesn’t care.  “’[It’s like] go[ing] to some of these big cities and shut[ing] Wall Street down,’ is how a coal worker from Eastern Kentucky recently put it. “’See how it affects everything,’ he said. ‘Coal is our Wall Street.’
In the interest of students, parents and taxpayers, I am pleased to support an agreement to address the July 1, 2013, student loan rate hike. This legislation provides much-needed certainty and savings to all students and families who are working to invest in their futures through higher education.  In contrast to the current law, this solution lowers rates for all students taking out new federal student loans, while saving taxpayers more than $700 million over the next decade. Higher education is often a family’s most important investment, and it is critically important that this legislation is signed into law before students return to campuses and classrooms in a few short weeks. We ought to make certain that everyone has the opportunity to pursue their dreams through additional education.
Today I introduced legislation to ensure a healthy future for Kansas' community banks. The Community Lending Enhancement and Regulatory (CLEAR) Relief Act would provide regulatory relief to community banks and their customers as well as support the housing recovery. By stripping away outdated or unnecessary regulation, the CLEAR Relief Act would help community banks focus on what they do best: provide loans to their communities and help small businesses grow.  I continue to hear concerns from Kansas bankers who are hesitant to lend as they wait for the next burdensome regulation to come out of Washington. Until banks are willing and able to make prudent loans to hometown customers, job creation will remain stifled and our economic recovery will continue to lag.
The Hero2HiredNM Mobile Job Fair will be at Fort Leavenworth this weekend. Hero2Hired aims to help reserve service members and veterans find civilian jobs by providing tools and opportunities to connect with military-friendly companies. As our country honors service members and veterans who have sacrificed so much for our nation, we must also make certain they are afforded the freedoms and opportunities they helped to preserve.
Good news for all Alaskans getting ready for college this year -- and in the future: we just passed a permanent fix on student loans 81-18.  This bill is a big deal not only for young Alaskans and their families, but also for working Alaskans seeking to invest in their future by pursuing additional training or advanced degrees.  All of our college students deserve the lowest loan rates possible and a permanent solution.  For too long, we have kicked the can from year to year by providing a temporary patch for some student loans that left us back at square one all too often.  I am pleased my Senate colleagues appreciate the merits of a permanent fix that ties student loan interest rates to the economics of the nation.  It already had the support of the President and the House of Representatives, and now it will benefit those willing to invest in themselves and our nation’s future.
I'm pleased to see the Senate approve my Brent Spence Amendment. We need to ensure that endangered bridges like Brent Spence get the adequate funding they need to keep our communities safe.
President Obama doesn't get it - Washington cannot encourage job creation by punishing job creators. Read my National Review Op-ed here:
It is no secret that our nation's roads and bridges are crumbling at an increasing rate, many of which are in critical stages of disrepair.   My amendments to the T-HUD bill will fix our nation's infrastructure problems without increasing the debt or raising taxes.    http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=900
Earlier today, President Obama said, "We’ve got 100,000 bridges that are old enough to qualify for Medicare.”  Hey President Obama, I have a solution...Instead of sending illegal aid to Egypt, how about we spend that money on solving our nation’s infrastructure problems? Like and share if you agree.
Earlier today, Peter Schiff gave the final lecture of this summer's Intern Lecture Series.  I would like to thank The Fund for American Studies, the guest speakers and all of those who attended for making this series such a success.
NA
Facebook friends, I now have a Google+ page.  Be sure to follow my page for updates on what's happening in the U.S. Senate and Kentucky.   https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/105866363529792318834/+senatorrandpaul/posts
Reflecting on Bob Dole's 90th birthday party last night, and thinking about some of my best memories with Senator Dole, many of which are with WWII veterans at their memorial.  
 
 What are your best Bob Dole memories?  Share in the comments below.
Large turnout in Colby for the High Plains Drought Outlook & Assessment Forum. Great cooperation between local, state and federal entities to help provide resources and forecasts as the drought continues. A good, up-to-date reference on the drought is the Kansas Water Office's website at: http://www.kwo.org/reports_publications/Drought.htm
Obama Official “Can’t Answer” Simple ObamaCare Question From Rubio: http://1.usa.gov/165eLFc VIDEO: http://bit.ly/18Dt8Es
Senator Rubio Calls For Meaningful Tax Reform
ICYMI: Rubio Tells O'Reilly That Defunding ObamaCare Is Only Option Left: http://1.usa.gov/1aIk8Lj VIDEO: http://bit.ly/1bgfDLS  Rubio: “I would much rather the President come down from his prideful position and basically say, ‘Look the law is messed up.’ But he’s not going to do that obviously, and so this is the only option.”
NA
http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/07/sen_richard_shelby_obama_had_n.html#incart_river_default
Senator Shelby: This administration has been about always about more taxes and more regulations. That’s not what creates jobs in this country. That’s not what brings foreign direct investment. My state of Alabama has benefited from foreign direct investment. Look at Airbus. The President has nothing to do with that. Not to my knowledge. We've got a good workforce. We've got a good engineering school in Mobile, Alabama. We have the right to work laws. What we need is structural reform, not more rhetoric.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcX_2SLcqZo&feature=youtu.be
TUNE IN: Senator Shelby will appear on CNN at 2:30 p.m. EST. to discuss President Obama's remarks today on the economy.
Sen. Sessions released the following statement tonight after President Obama suggested the actions of his administration had played a role in Airbus' decision to build a manufacturing plant in Mobile:  “I was surprised to hear that President Obama has claimed credit for the decision of Airbus to come to Mobile. Indeed, his actions in tilting to Chicago-based Boeing in the intense tanker competition with Airbus could have been a fatal blow to the Airbus desire to construct a manufacturing facility in Alabama. In fact, his campaign, in an unseemly way, bragged about Boeing’s win.   The truth is, Airbus came to Alabama despite the actions of the Administration. The hard work of state and local officials and the strong workforce in Alabama were the key to their decision.”
In regards to the President's speech today, for years, we have been hearing the same prescription from him – bigger government, higher taxes and more spending. Today, we simply heard the same ideas that continue to hold our country back.   We've seen countless examples over the past few years of government overreach hurting hardworking American families. Our entrepreneurs are willing to take risks and innovate so they can grow their businesses and hire new employees. So let's unleash the potential of small business owners, workers, and families by lowering taxes and reducing the size of government. Instead of punishing success, let's encourage it.    We need a simpler tax code, smart regulation and an education system that is second to none. I will continue to fight for an agenda that allows our country to live up to its potential as the greatest and most prosperous nation in the world.
July 24, 2013
Wilkes-Barre area vets Albert Cortez and Dorris Merril brought home the gold from the National Veterans Wheelchair Games in Tampa. Dorris, a WWII and Navy veteran, was the oldest participant. And guess what? She’s planning on competing again next year, in Philly.
Scranton's What The FORK Truck owners will compete for $25,000 on LIVE with Kelly and Michael with their signature pulled-pork tacos, Sriracha slaw and candy sauce. Wish them luck for Friday's competition!
White Castle is just one of many businesses that will have to trim hours because of the president's health care law:
Thanks to everyone from both Sen. Casey’s and my office who came out for the Keystone Cup yesterday. Good to set aside party differences and enjoy a game of softball with you.
Casey at the bat:
When a senator meets a senator at third base… Great to have a friendly game with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr.'s office down here in Washington last night.
Good game Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and Scrantonicity. Wait til next year. Hit it Toomey leads the series 2-1.
Tonight, I supported a permanent market-based solution that removes Washington from the business of arbitrarily fixing student loan rates. This bipartisan legislation provides students with long-term certainty as they battle the mounting costs of education.  Planning ahead for college is a difficult process, and students and families should be able to make these important decisions without worrying about uncertainty in Washington. The ‘Obama Economy’ and costly premiums under the president’s health-care law have compounded the challenges that young Americans face. Financing their education should not add to this burden.
Had a wonderful visit with more than 20 Mississippi students from Ole Miss' Lott Leadership Institute.
