[from left]: Sens. Alexander, Paul (R-Ky.) and McConnell (R-Ky.) talk with Dan Cayce, a fishing guide on the lakes and the First District Director for the League of Kentucky Sportsmen, at the ‘Freedom to Fish’ rally at Barkley Dam in Kentucky, held this past Saturday, April 13. The senators and Kentucky Congressman Ed Whitfield talked about their “Freedom to Fish Act,” which would prevent the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from prohibiting public access to fishing waters downstream of a dam.
Thoughts & prayers for Boston and all those who were participating in today's marathon.
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the Boston Marathon victims and their families.
Instead of infringing on Americans’ constitutional rights, we must enforce current laws and focus on improving the way we care for and treat people with mental illness to prevent tragedies like the events that occurred in Newtown, Aurora, and Tucson.
Like all Americans, I am following the tragic news out of Boston.  My thoughts and prayers are with all of those who are affected.
The people of Boston are in my thoughts and prayers.
Can you believe a Pew Research study found about 1/3 of Americans actually like doing their taxes? We need to make the process easier for all Americans and that begins with an overhaul of the tax code.
My thoughts and prayers are with those involved in the Boston Marathon tragedy
NA
Please join me in keeping the people of Boston in your thoughts and prayers!
Op-Ed: Businesses should expect that our government will not pursue policies when the costs outweigh the benefits.  Unfortunately, there are many federal regulations that hinder business and job growth, while providing little benefit to the regulation’s intended purposes.  Recently, Idahoans have shared personal experiences with how the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has affected their daily lives and business.  A concerned farmer shared his story about the Clean Water Act, saying it has prevented him from spraying weeds.  While I support ensuring we have clean air, water and soil, we cannot do it by burying our businesses and farms.
Sen. Collins joins Senator Angus S. King, Jr. in expressing "deep sadness by the deplorable and heinous act of violence in Boston today.  Reports that multiple improvised explosive devices may have been involved at this high profile national event bear the hallmarks of a terrorist attack."  Read more:
Senator Collins explains why she has decided to support the Manchin-Toomey agreement to strengthen the background check system. Read her full statement here:
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic events unfolding in Boston
Our prayers are with those injured and the first responders at the Boston Marathon.
The government should take in only the money it needs to perform its core constitutional functions.   Tax Day video message:
I join with the citizens of Israel in celebrating their nation's 65th Independence Day. Congratulations to this crucial ally of the United States.
Bob Perry was a true American patriot.  He built an incredible business from the ground up, employing thousands and building homes for tens of thousands.  And he gave selflessly and sacrificially to the political process.  There was nobody like Bob Perry -- he never wanted anything in return, other than principled, effective leaders in government.  He loved this country with all his heart.  Bob was an inspiration and a good friend, and he will very much be missed.
It will take the average taxpayer 46 more years of paying taxes to pay for one robosquirrel. 
 
 That's just nutty!
It's happened again. It's Tax Day, and you deserve a government that spends those dollars much more wisely.
Today is tax day, when most people’s federal tax returns are due.  The federal government has a gluttonous appetite for your money.  It also has voracious appetite for borrowing and creating new programs.  Congress can’t deliver what it promises now, but it continues to promise more.  If there were actually money to spend, members of Congress should look at what works and adequately fund that rather than always looking for new ways to spend so they can get personal credit.  We have a massive debt in this country and many argue for making the other guy, the rich guy, pay more taxes.  I think today is a good day to instead consider better spending.  If more people got on board and demanded better spending instead of higher taxes many of the problems already identified by the Government Accountability Office would be a thing of the past.  Click on the link below.  I’m eager to work with Senator Tom Coburn and the other members of the Government Affairs Committee to  identify and eliminate duplicative and wasteful spending.  After all even if the money is borrowed from China or taken from the “rich”, we shouldn’t waste it.
Advice to my grandkids tip #3: Don’t do anything you wouldn’t want to read about on the front page of the paper.
Johnson County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Tuesday, April 16. She will be at the Buffalo Town Hall from 10:45 a.m. to 11:45 a.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Such a tragic and senseless event in Boston today. Thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
I join all Nebraskans in praying for The Boston Marathon runners, volunteers, spectators, and their family members. Also thankful for the heroic first responders on the scene – praying for their continued safety as well.
After the average American taxpayer spent 13 hours on filing taxes, Tax Day is here, and so is the need for a simpler, fairer tax code. Today, Americans are reminded that our complicated code needs comprehensive reform from page 1 to page 73,608.   My recent column details more: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-column?ID=3d0bd56a-f636-40ba-b7bc-e79244be256a
Congressman Jeff Fortenberry and I will host a "US Military Day" on Saturday, April 20, 2013 at Lincoln Southwest High School. Hope to see you there!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and first responders in Boston.
The Toomey-Manchin proposal, while well-intentioned, is not a solution to illegal gun violence.    We already have major holes in the current National Instant Criminal Background (NICS) system.  There are thousands of people who have been adjucated as a danger to themselves and others who are not currently in the NICS system.  Additionally, in 2010 over 13,000 fugitives failed a background check yet less than 15 people were successfully prosecuted.  Instead of expanding a broken background check system, let’s fix it.   I have bipartisan legislation which would accomplish that goal.  I hope the Senate will soon debate and approve my legislation.
Grassley plans meetings in Central Iowa
Tax Filing Day
Obama administration divides over whistleblowers - Josh Gerstein
April 14 Our View: A little homespun common sense
Thrilled members of the Nevada Army National Guard's 593rd Transportation Company are home. Like this post and share with your friends to welcome them back to the Silver State.
The thoughts and prayers of America go to victims of today's terrible events at the Boston Marathon.
“North Dakotans right now are focused on digging out, getting back to work or school and making sure they have basic supplies after being housebound all weekend. We requested this extension due to the severity and broad extent of the storm we’ve experienced over the last few days.”
I applaud the Services’ decision to restore tuition assistance in full for our active-duty military members, an earned benefit many rely on to improve their quality of life and pursue leadership opportunities. One of the top reasons men and women join our all-volunteer military is for the opportunity to pursue higher education, and it is important we keep this promise to those who have sacrificed greatly for our freedoms. I appreciate Sen. Hagan for joining me on this effort and for the bipartisan support in Congress to reinstate the tuition assistance program. http://normantranscript.com/new/x63034575/Inhofe-andHagan-applaud-restart-of-Tuition-Assistance-Program
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston today.
In 2013, the average American will devote the first 107 days of the year just to paying his or her tax bill...  http://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=5be2dc78-aa3b-4ed6-adb1-5c7a98445fe7
My prayers today are for those at the Boston Marathon - a special thanks to our first responders on the scene.
From my appearance yesterday on Meet the Press:  "Toomey/Manchin does contain some carve-outs. But we know that today's carve-outs are tomorrow's loopholes. And that's of concern to us. This bill, I believe, would do more to limit the rights of the law-abiding than it would to actually prevent violent crime. And that's why I can't support it."
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston and everyone involved with the marathon.
Prayers for the people of Boston & runners and spectators at the marathon. Thanks to the first responders and volunteers on the scene now.
NA
Our nation's flag is flying at half mast tonight at the U.S. Capitol in tribute to those injured and killed by the attacks in Boston. We must identify those who committed this horrific act, as well as those who encourage them through actions or silence, and hold them fully accountable for their crimes.
Below is my full statement on the two blasts at the Boston Marathon finish line, which left at least two dead and more than 100 injured. We must identify those who committed this horrific act, as well as those who encourage them through actions or silence, and hold them fully accountable for their crimes.
My prayers are with all those affected by the explosions in Boston. Grateful for the emergency responders & bystanders who are acting quickly to help.
Along with Alaskans and Americans, I am watching the events unfolding at the Boston Marathon right now.  My thoughts and prayers go out to all involved: the first responders, the runners and the families watching and waiting to hear back from their loved ones.
It takes the average American 13 hours to do their taxes, when you add up the time compiling receipts, reading forms and filling out paperwork. We haven't reformed the tax code since before the Internet.  This country needs comprehensive tax reform to make taxes simpler and fairer for all Americans.  I remember when I brought the stack of tax code books to my Economic Town Halls in 2011 -- it looked like three dictionaries! That's got to change.
Jackie Robinson broke the MLB color barrier 66 years ago today.  He left a lasting impact on the game & more importantly our nation. #42
On Tax Day, here's a good reminder of why tax reform is needed. Complexity does trump common sense: 6 billion hours filling out forms!
Jane and I are saddened by the loss of Rep. Charlie Wilson. He was a friend and dedicated public servant. He will be sorely missed.
Staggering debt, unbalanced budgets, bankrupt entitlements, broken immigration and a costly foreign policy negatively affect all Americans - including Kentuckians.   Click on the link below, to read my Op-Ed in the Lexington Herald Leader.  http://www.kentucky.com/2013/04/15/2600951/kentuckians-affected-by-same-issues.html#storylink=cpy
Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston and the victims of this terrible explosion.
Praise for my bill (and the House companion bill) to improve the Food Stamp program.  http://amarillo.com/opinion/editorial/2013-04-12/editorial-winning-uncle-sam
Rubio Comments On Boston Marathon Bombing: http://1.usa.gov/12h9ZCy  “My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of today’s bombing at the Boston Marathon, the brave first responders who rushed to the scene to help others and the entire city of Boston.  For decades, the Boston Marathon has brought together people from all over the world in the pursuit of athletic excellence, a sense of accomplishment and to raise money for many worthy causes.  I am disturbed and saddened that anyone would ruin this day of celebration by targeting innocent people and murdering them in cold blood.  Once it is determined who is responsible, justice must be served to the fullest extent possible.”
Senator Rubio: Important To Allow More Hearings & Time To Review Immigration Bill: http://1.usa.gov/XCWOdg
Rubio: On Tax Day, We’re Reminded How Our Broken Tax Code Hurts Job Creation
NA
My prayers are with the people and city of Boston.
Great to be on Hilton Head Island this morning! Looking forward to the opening ceremonies for the Heritage Classic.
My staff and I are moving Capitol Hill offices tomorrow to 248 Russell.  Our office’s phones and computers may be down for a portion of the morning.  We will get them up and running as soon as we can.  We look forward to continuing to hear from and serve Pennsylvanians.  You can also reach me at any of my offices across Pennsylvania.
Praying for everyone in Boston.
I'll be heading to the Senate floor to speak on The Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act at about 3:30.
The International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) has announced its strong support for The Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act.  This bill will prohibit a national gun registry, allow concealed carry permit holders to skip background checks altogether, and enable active duty military to buy a gun in their home state.
NA
The Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms (CCRKBA) supports the Public Safety & 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act: “If you read the Manchin-Toomey substitute amendment, you can see all the advances for our cause that it contains like interstate sales of handguns, veteran gun rights restoration, travel with firearms protection, civil and criminal immunity lawsuit protection, and most important of all, the guarantee that people, including federal officers, will go to federal prison for up to 15 years if they attempt to use any gun sales records to set up a gun registry.”
Glad my deputy state director, Sue Zimskind, was on hand with Congressman Charlie Dent to provide information for prospective applicants to our nation’s service academies on Saturday. Over 200 students and parents turned out for the events at Parkland High School in Lehigh County and at Ft. Indiantown Gap in Lebanon County. My thanks to all who attended.
Did you know? The Public Safety And 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act ensures that sales at gun shows are NOT prevented by delayed approvals from NICS.
Did you know:  The Public Safety and 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act says that private sellers can’t be sued if the weapon sold was cleared through the expanded background check and then used in a crime.  It’s the same treatment gun dealers receive now.   You can read the bill here. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=965
Glad to have the support of Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms http://tinyurl.com/bqllyvw
