Senator Ayotte had the honor of welcoming members of New Hampshire's law enforcement community to the nation's capital this week for 2013 National Police Week.  This year's ceremonies held special meaning for our state as fallen Greenland Police Chief Michael Maloney's name was added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial.
Tell President Obama the buck stops with him.
The IRS faces class action lawsuit over theft of 60 million medical records
We met with realtors from across Arkansas about the issues they're concerned with during their visit to Washington. Thanks for letting me know how we can help.
NA
NA
News Release: Today, Senator Ron Wyden (D-Oregon) and I, along with Senator Jim Risch, Congressman Mike Simpson and a bipartisan group of senators, and U.S. House members, introduced bills to provide certainty to rural counties and forestry companies and their workers, by reaffirming the Environmental Protection Agency’s 37-year-old policy toward regulation of runoff from forest roads.  The decision to change a program that deferred the regulation of logging road runoff to individual states has brought increased hardships causing job losses and jeopardizing our rural communities.  This bipartisan legislation will clarify that the Clean Water Act was not intended to regulate stormwater runoff on forest roads and allow the focus of private, state and federal land managers to return to improving forest management.
The resignation of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Acting Commissioner was welcome news, but for two years the IRS has denied there was any targeting of conservative groups.  This does not change the need for a full investigation which is why all members of the U.S. Senate Republican Conference wrote to the President asking for full cooperation as Congress begins its investigation.
Earlier today, I visited with Andrew & his young son, Charlie, from Boise about energy policy. Charlie had some tough questions and great ideas.
Senator Collins leads effort to address sexual assault in the military.  She and several colleagues unveiled new legislation today in Washington.  Read more: http://bit.ly/10TA0ZC
Just introduced bill to prevent IRS from enforcing Obamacare:
Cornyn, Cruz Statement on West Investigation:
Cornyn Response to Appointment of White House Insider to IRS Commissioner:
Drug and human trafickers don't use and entry-exit system or e-verify, which is why border security is essential.
Team Cornyn softball team was scheduled to play the IRS team on Friday, "the Cheetahs."  Game has been cancelled by IRS, without rescheduling.
Sandy and I were deeply saddened to learn of the destruction and loss of life in North Texas. We join all Texans in praying for the injured and grieving. All of Texas stands with the communities who now undoubtedly will come together to rebuild in the wake of the damage.
"Cornyn, co-sponsor of a measure he said addresses gaps in current sexual-assault law and policy, called the latest news extremely disturbing and unacceptable:"
"The Admin. must answer to the American people who they targeted using these dirty, Chicago-style tactics:”
FWST: DFW Tea Party Group Among Those Targeted by IRS:
Why is "I don't know" a defense, when you should have known?
Glad to see the Third Circuit shoot down President Obama's attempt at unconstitutional "recess" appointments while the Senate wasn't in recess.   LIKE If you agree the last thing the Obama Administration needs is MORE power.
Do we really want to put the IRS in charge of compiling all of our personal health information under Obamacare?
The Bureau of Land Management proposed a rule on hydraulic fracturing today. While I am still reviewing it, I generally favor regulating fracking through state governments, which is how it has been done for more than 40 years. The people in state government are the same people who live and work in the areas being regulated. They take all the interests of the affected areas to heart because they have the same interests. Wyoming is a model for how states can oversee energy production without burdening businesses with excessive red tape or publicizing industry trade secrets. A federal, one-size-fits-all approach isn’t necessary. Clean water and energy are both essential, but they don’t have to be mutually exclusive.
I’m sure some of you have heard that the IRS has acknowledged targeting conservative organizations, subjecting them to intense scrutiny simply because of their political affiliation. Government agencies should be blind to ideology and not used as political weapons.  My colleagues and I on the Senate Finance Committee are looking into what steps to take to ensure this does not happen in the future.
Some of the issues I’ve worked on over the past few weeks include coal jobs, EPA water regulations, and introducing legislation to let Wyoming and other states collect their own mineral revenue payments. All of this and more can be seen in this month’s newsletter. Click the link below to read it and to sign up.
The resignation of acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller is a good first step, but the President must do much more to restore the public’s trust than ask for the resignation of just one official. Upcoming congressional hearings and related criminal investigations will be critical in reforming this broken government agency.
Joining 1110 KFAB OMAHA'S NEWS SOURCE Good Morning Show live at 7:40 AM CT to talk about the IRS scandal and overreach by the Department of Justice. Listen here:
Grassley seeks full accounting from the IRS regarding political targeting
ICYMI: More Questions about IRS Involvement in ObamaCare. http://1.usa.gov/17AvF09
Happy birthday to the fabulous Las Vegas!
“North Dakota is a leader in energy production for our nation because more than a decade ago we took an all-of-the-above approach to energy development that partners traditional and renewable energy sources in new and inventive ways,” said Hoeven. “I’ve pressed Secretary Moniz to work with us to take a truly comprehensive approach to energy development for the nation as we have in North Dakota – an approach that fully embraces fossil fuels as well as alternative energy sources. With the right energy policies in place, our nation can be energy secure in five to seven years.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=4aaddd6d-3394-491c-a047-433bde361df8
I am proud to introduce the Iran Sanctions Implementation Act of 2013 that will allow the president to impose a full oil embargo against Iran. This bill would require the president to designate "Iranian Oil Replacement Zones" on federal lands so that federal oil production increases enough to eliminate the need for any Iranian oil exports anywhere in the world. Nearly 70 percent of Iran's funding is generated from oil exports; my bill will isolate Iran, strengthen our national security, ensure the energy security of our allies, and expedite America's energy independence. This is an energy plan to defeat Iran. 
 
 http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-open-federal-lands-to-defeat-iran
NA
NA
Today the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit became the 2nd court to rule that President Obama violated the Constitution by making "recess appointments" when the Senate was not actually in recess.  Please share this if you think it is time for the President to stop ignoring the Constitution:
I was joined by Senator Ted Cruz today as we expressed support for my resolution that governments at all levels have a compelling interest in preventing and punishing the practice of late-term abortions under unsafe, unsanitary, and illegal circumstances.
Help me share this: "The ballooning Obama scandals – IRS, HHS, DOJ, EPA – are not really about character or competence, but the danger of big government itself.  The more power any government has, the more power it will abuse. The more money it spends, the more money it will mis-spend. Dysfunction and corruption grow on government like mold on otherwise perfectly good bread."
I joined several colleagues and several groups that were targeted by the IRS auditing scandal to speak out against this abuse of government power.
McConnell: "No one should be intimidated by the government into shutting up as part of our political process. And that’s why the Republican members of the Finance Committee are sending a letter today to Treasury’s Inspector General for Tax Administration requesting investigation into this very issue. Because, without this sort of inquiry, we may never have confirmed the inappropriate harassment of conservative groups that was going on at the IRS for two years. Apparently, this is the only way to get this Administration to take responsibility for its actions."
During press conference outside the US Capitol, Senator McConnell joins his fellow conservatives to call for probe of IRS leaks of confidential taxpayer information.
Today, the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) and Ashland Inc. awarded Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY) the NAM’s Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence at an event on Capitol Hill. Senator McConnell supported 89 percent of the policies identified by the NAM as critical to the success of manufacturing in the United States during the 112th Congress.    “We thank Senator McConnell for ensuring that the manufacturing voice is heard in Washington,” said NAM Board Member and President of Ashland Performance Materials Ted Harris. “It is leaders like Senator McConnell who know that manufacturers are drivers of economic growth, job creation and prosperity.”
Senator McConnell speaks at press conference on IRS scandal.
I'll be on Fox News in the 5 p.m. CT hour with Mike Emanuel discussing the IRS scandal and political donor information leaks. Tune in.
Today I had the opportunity to visit with Kansas World War II Veterans who were participating in the Kansas Honor Flight to the World War II Memorial. I was honored to meet brothers Don Graham of Hutchinson and Eddie Graham of Wichita. Eddie Graham is one of the few remaining survivors of the Bataan Death March, a six-day march spanning more than 60 miles that led to the death of more than 19,000 American and Filipino prisoners of war during World War II.
I was saddened to learn of the passing of a voice many Kansans know so well. Fred White, who is best known for his work calling games for the Kansas City Royals and for announcing college athletics, died yesterday of complications from melanoma. His broadcast career took him from Topeka to Manhattan to Kansas City, and Mr. White and his wife also were involved in western Kansas as owners of KRSL Russell Radio in Russell. I’m thankful for his contributions to our state, and we will miss his presence.
Let the fishing begin!  Today is the first day for salmon fishing on the Copper River Delta, which means by this time tomorrow, the famed Copper River salmon will be on the market.  There’s simply no substitution for wild, fresh-from-the-water Alaska salmon!
The Arctic is the place to be – countries like Italy, Korea and Singapore realize this; America needs to as well.  We are at the forefront of climate change, development and economic activity, and must balance our Arctic identity and opportunities with the indigenous traditions and knowledge to manage it wisely.
The President’s announcement that the acting head of the IRS is resigning is a first step at restoring trust, but it is the first step of a very long road – the administration has much further to go.  The IRS must address all of the issues raised in this week’s Inspector General report and take the corrective actions recommended, as well as appropriate disciplinary action.  The resignation of one man does little to nothing to remove the cloud over this institution.  The fact remains that before the acting IRS commissioner took his position, the IRS conducted targeted and ideologically-driven reviews of groups that amount to little more than political profiling.  Every question must be answered, every concern must be allayed, and every possible corrective action must be put in place to ensure similar incidents do not occur in the future.  Only then will Americans be able to have faith that this apolitical federal government operation which handles our hard-earned money deserves our trust.  I will continue to track this matter as it unfolds, ask the questions Alaskans want to pose, and work to protect every American of every political stripe from such unwarranted actions by the federal government. This is far from over.
Sent a letter to President Obama demanding full and accurate answers as to whether or not the White House or Treasury Department privately pressured the IRS to target conservative groups.
Talking with Marco Rubio  & Southwest Ohio Tea Party leader George Brunemann about the IRS scandal.
Read my USA TODAY op-ed this morning on how recent scandals have further weakened our trust & confidence in government.
On Benghazi the buck stops with Hillary Clinton, if not the President. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7OZV-ZHFmM
"With great power comes great responsibility.  The greater Mr. Obama's power, the less responsible he becomes.  Power corrupts. Absolutely."  Click here to read my op-ed in the Washington Times: http://bit.ly/10BhwaI
"The IRS targeting citizens for political reasons is not simply another Washington scandal. At issue is something that strikes at the very heart of who we are as a people, what we believe as Americans and what this country has always stood for."  Click here to read my entire op-ed for CNN opinion: http://www.cnn.com/2013/05/16/opinion/rand-paul-irs-scandal/index.html
Great to join my fellow Constitutional conservatives in calling for a full investigation on IRS this morning!
This morning, I appeared on Fox's America's Newsroom to discuss Benghazi and this Administration's lack of leadership.  Click here to watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=WxpPZMaULS0
I will be on the Fox Business Network this evening at 7:00pm CT. To talk about the IRS Scandal with Neil Cavuto.  Be sure to tune in!  http://www.foxbusiness.com/on-air/cavuto/index.html
Great to see the ladies from the Eisenhower Excellence in Public Service Series.
The resignation of the of Acting IRS Chief is not enough. Have laws been broken? The nation demands answers.
On Senate Floor, Rubio Highlights Conservative Groups Targeted By IRS: http://1.usa.gov/10563Be
ICYMI: Rubio Questions State Department’s Enforcement Of Human Trafficking Laws: http://1.usa.gov/16lnTYp
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DKr4PO7KkI&feature=youtu.be
ICYMI: Rubio On IRS Scandal: Resignation Appropriate, But Not Nearly Enough: http://1.usa.gov/10IgkTX
February 11, 2013
March 26, 2012
Don't forget! Keep up with us on Twitter @SenatorTimScott, Instagram @SenatorTimScott, and on YouTube (youtube.com/SenatorTimScott)!
I'll be questioning the five nominees to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) in committee this morning. Some serious questions need to be answered. You can watch the hearing at the link below:   http://www.help.senate.gov//hearings/hearing/?id=344a34ae-5056-a032-5234-c28ca6c6564f
The improper disclosure of confidential tax information is a criminal offense under federal law. I am calling for an investigation of the Internal Revenue Service.
During Police Week Washington DC, Officer Bradley Fox of Boyertown is honored by the president. We keep Officer Fox, all our fallen law enforcement officers and their families in our hearts.
