Senator Ayotte met this afternoon with Ron Reilly, Adjutant of the New Hampshire DAV, to discuss veterans issues.
This morning Senator Ayotte welcomed members of the New Hampshire Credit Union League to Capitol Hill.
I’m very disturbed by the Obama administration’s recent actions on Medicare Advantage and the Medicare prescription drug benefit – actions that will increase premiums, reduce choices, and cause seniors in Missouri and nationwide to lose access to the health plans they were promised they could keep. I spoke at the GOP Senate leadership stakeout today about these cuts, which will hurt approximately 1 in 4 Missourians on Medicare. Watch my remarks and share your comments and questions below.
I sat down with WFMY News 2’s Tanya Rivera to talk about the Patient CARE Act.  
Today, I met with members of the Disabled American Veterans (DAV) from Arkansas to accept the “Going to Bat for Veterans” award for our work toward appropriating funds for all VA programs, services and benefits in advance, which is one of DAV’s highest legislative priorities. I appreciate their efforts to move us closer to this goal.
We can end the funding delays that slow many VA programs by passing our bill that authorizes advance appropriations for all VA programs, services and benefits. I just joined my colleagues who are helping in this cause and representatives from our leading VSO's at a press conference to push Congressional leadership to bring this bill up for a vote.
We’ve been leading efforts in Congress to improve the care for our injured servicemembers and veterans. In 2012, our initiative to improve rehabilitative services for our nation’s veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury was included in a larger bill and signed into law by President Obama. There is still a lot of work to do on this front as featured in Wounded: the Battle Back Home, a documentary series produced by the Wounded Warrior Project that brings to life the wounds of war and the difficulties our nation faces in addressing these injuries. We talked with the filmmakers about our work in Congress to make sure our veterans are getting the care they need.
I’ll join Jon Scott on FOX News at 10:20 a.m. MT (12:20 p.m. ET) to discuss Medicare Advantage and how some seniors on Medicare Advantage can expect cancellation notices because of the Obama Administration’s plan to gut the program.
I joined with my Senate Republican colleagues to send a letter today to the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission asking the agency to explain its attempts to impact the editorial decisions in newsrooms across the country.   Click below to read our letter.   http://www.coats.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/-coats-senate-republicans-condemn-fcc-effort-to-stifle-free-speech
I had the great privilege of meeting Spencer Hahn from Indianapolis today. Spencer is one of two youth selected by the American Alliance of Museums to serve as a 2014 Great American Museum Advocate. He also is a fellow fan of The Children's Museum of Indianapolis.
My long-time Executive Assistant/Scheduler, Karen, retired in December. Today, we held her farewell lunch and thanked her for her many years of service. #idpol
Some light snow falling in our nation's Capitol this morning.
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls on Democrats to Protect Seniors:
Cornyn: Stop Taking From Seniors to Pay for Obamacare:
Appearing on CNBC’s "Squawk Box" to discuss Volkswagen Chattanooga workers’ recent vote against representation by the United Auto Workers (UAW) union, Senator Corker questioned whether the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) will try to "muzzle" elected officials from weighing in on issues important to their communities. Last Friday, February 21, the UAW filed an appeal with the NLRB regarding the election.  "Now this is going to the National Labor Relations Board, something that the president controls. The question will be: will they try to muzzle or keep a United States senator, a governor or a state legislator from being able to express their views?" said Corker. "The fact is, if I cannot weigh in on things that I know to be true, if I cannot weigh in on the experiences that I've had with the UAW and their path of job destruction in our community when something like this is being discussed, what can I do? It's going to be an interesting debate over the next period of time as to whether the National Labor Relations Board holds to what it has done for 50 years, that people like me can weigh in, or whether they will try to muzzle people like me who are trying to look out for their community."  Watch the full interview here: http://bit.ly/1gznu5l. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1efjcCh. 
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will discuss Volkswagen Chattanooga’s rejection of the UAW on CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning at 7:30 a.m. ET.
AG Holder encouraging states to follow his lawless lead and not defend state marriage laws enacted by duly elected representatives of the people.
It’ll be fun they said… #FullRepeal
SHARE if you agree the #IRS should not be used as a tool for partisan warfare!
Just days remain in the commenting period for a rule change that could allow the IRS to limit the free speech of the very same groups it illegally targeted.  Make your voice heard: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
The grim face of radical Islamic terrorism in Africa: 29 students murdered in Boko Haram attack in Nigeria.
Proud Austin's own Zello is giving a voice to opposition protestors in Venezuela:
The Federal Communications Commission’s plan to go into media news rooms to study their biases was blatantly unconstitutional and we want to know how this plan got as far as it did.
Taxpayers are sure to get bees in their bonnets if we keep letting folks catch subsidies with honey.
Hooper, Nebraska native Donald K. Schwab will receive the Medal of Honor posthumously next month for his courageous acts of service during World War II. Inspired by his story featured in today’s Omaha World-Herald editorial. Thank you to Donald Schwab and all our nation’s heroes who sacrifice and put their lives on the line to protect and defend our country. 
Good news for Nebraska's economy.
Looking forward to the Nebraska Breakfast 2014 kickoff tomorrow morning! I hope all Nebraskans who are visiting Washington will be able to join us for this wonderful tradition. Info on location and other dates can be found here.
Compelling doctors to predict at the outset that a patient needs to stay in the hospital no longer than 96 hours could result in patients being release before they are fully treated, and then being readmitted because they didn’t get the care they needed in the first place. Doctors need to have the flexibility to do what is in the best interest of their patients.
We are proud to welcome Bethany Berntson and Tyler Toepke-Floyd to our nation’s capital as they participate in the prestigious United States Senate Youth Program. Bethany and Tyler represent two of North Dakota’s brightest and most accomplished high school students. We know they will represent our state well as they meet with peers from across the country to further their understanding of our  government while also cultivating the skills that will help propel their success as our state’s and country’s future leaders.
I am pleased to have received a 94 percent score for the Club For Growth conservative ratings for 2013, a ranking in the top 10 most conservative in the Senate. I could not be more proud to represent the people of Oklahoma and their values in the U.S. Senate. http://www.clubforgrowth.org/projects/scorecard/?year=2013&chamber=1&state=Any&party=Any&memberName=&order=rank
STAFF UPDATE: Senator Inhofe will be joining KFAQ's Pat Campbell at 7:35AM Central to discuss Sec. Hagel's announced cuts to our military and what this means for Oklahoma.
STAFF UPDATE: Senator Inhofe will be on shortly with Bill Bennett's Morning in America to discuss the Obama Administration's cuts to our national defense. Tune in at WRC-AM in Washington DC or online.
Sen. Ron Johnson: Obama Using IRS as Political Tool
Reauthorizing the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act will ensure that #Illinois employers, citizens and our state's infrastructure have sound financial protection against terrorist attacks. I urge Congress to reauthorize this important coverage for our nation.
Do you or someone you know want to learn first hand how the legislative branch of the federal government operates?  Interns contribute to the day-to-day operations of the office and have the opportunity to attend briefings and hearings, while gaining critical job training skills in a fast-paced, exciting work environment.  Applications for the summer are due March 1st and are processed on a rolling basis.  Apply today:
With full bipartisan support, UI Labs received federal funding to build a job-creating digital manufacturing facility in #IL.
Did you see Senator Marco Rubio's floor speech on Cuba's role in the crisis in #Venezuela?  It is definitely worth your time: 
Looking for a new job? There are hundreds of employment opportunities in south-central Kansas.
Good news for our Kansas veterans. The Medical Foster Home Program, started in Wichita in 2010, is expanding. Will offer in-home care for disabled veterans in Hutchinson, Salina, and Hays. 
"The United States should never default on its debts, but we also shouldn’t mortgage our nation’s future by continuing to recklessly spend money we don’t have." 
To honor Black History Month, I celebrate the important achievements of some of Ohio’s African American leaders. 
Yesterday, Simmons College of Kentucky announced that it had received accreditation with the Association for Biblical Higher Education. It was a very exciting day and I am  honored to have been a part of this celebration.   Simmons College has a rich history that stretches over a hundred years. I’m proud of the graduates who have fought for advancement and equality in education.
Today I sent a letter to the new Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee requesting a hearing to examine the vast difference between the original estimates and the most recent projections of the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) on the rising costs of Obamacare. They were off by a trillion dollars and millions of jobs. How can we fix health care if we can't get an accurate cost estimate? CBO needs to come before the Senate and explain. 
The Wichita Eagle reports on my Critical Access Hospital Relief Bill: http://www.kansas.com/2014/02/24/3309469/roberts-introduces-bill-to-relax.html
Senator Rubio Delivers Floor Speech On Crisis In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1mDREvQ  Rubio: “I get thousands of retweets from students and young people, until they shut them out, in Venezuela who are encouraged by the fact that we are on their side. What they want is what we have, the freedom and the liberty. That’s what all people want. And if America and its policy-makers are not going to be firmly on the side of freedom and liberty, who in the world is?” 
NA
Snowy day in DC today.
I’m grateful to PA members of the Disabled American Veterans Kevin Noel, Carmen DeSanti, Dr. Robert Cudworth, and Timothy Dunn for visiting me in Washington today.
Dr. Robert Cudworth (middle) and Timothy Dunn (right) are both past state commanders of the PA Disabled American Veterans.
At my meeting with PA members of the Disabled American Veterans (DAV) today, I had the chance to speak with Carmen DeSanti, a WWII veteran who served in the Marine Corps in the South Pacific. Truly an honor.
Sheila Sterrett my Northwest Pennsylvania regional manager, presented a certificate to the Penn Soil RC&D at their 50th anniversary luncheon. (From left: Nathan Welker, Allegheny National Forest Ecosystem Management Team; Jack Preston, Chairman of Penn Soil RC&D Council; Wes Ramsey, Executive Director of Penn Soil RC&D Council, Sheila Sterrett; and State Sen. Scott Hutchinson.)
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, presented certificates of recognition to two local Lehigh Valley heroes today at the Lehigh Valley International airport. While on break, TSOs Ian Wolf and John Prestera noticed a man slumped over in his seat. They approached him and immediately noticed that he was not breathing. Wolf and Prestera quickly helped him sit upright and repositioned his head. They began administering oxygen to the passenger and alerted airline agents to the situation. According to emergency personnel on the scene, Wolf and Prestera saved the man’s life by quickly moving him to an upright position, opening his airway, and administering oxygen.   Thanks to them both for their quick thinking and rapid response!
Happy 100th birthday to Tastykake, a Philly legend. What's your favorite? I lean toward the butterscotch krimpets. 
Here’s my op-ed in The Wall Street Journal with Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams. We oppose the nomination of Debo Adegbile because “it is one thing to provide legal representation and quite another to seize on a case and turn it into a political platform from which to launch an extreme attack on the justice system.”
NA
I’m astounded that President Obama intends to reduce the number of military personnel to levels not seen since before World War II. These unwarranted cuts could also force an additional burden on members of our National Guard. 
