It would be beneficial if the Administration made more common-sense decisions like this to help Americans impacted by the shutdown, rather than looking for ways to exacerbate the pain.
I'll join Jenna Lee on Fox News today at 12 noon (ET) 10:00 am (MT).
VIDEO: Cornyn to Obama: No Clean Debt Limit Deal
The President and his D allies are the only ones talking about default
Cornyn: President Obama, Tell Americans How Much More Debt You Want Them To Pay Off:
Pres. Obama was a senior lecturer in constitutional law, but did he forget about checks and balances between 3 co-equal branches in US Constitution?
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Needs to Roll Up His Sleeves and Get to the Table
Discovered another reason why WH likes the "shutdown" other than it thinks it is "winning."  The Congressional Budget Office won't publish reports due to lapse of funds.  Guess the WH thinks no news on fiscal matters is good news.
Weird: every time Rs say "negotiate," Ds say "default!"
Impasse result of those who prefer business as usual  in DC vs those who believe current trajectory of spending and debt threatens our security, our economy, and our freedom.
This is #HarryReidsShutdown. He will not move an inch on forcing Obamacare on millions of Americans who are suffering. #MakeDCListen
Republicans in Congress are passing bills to reopen and fund essential functions of our government. It's the Democrats in Congress who refuse to negotiate. #HarryReidsShutdown
Congratulations and job well done to those responsible for the capture of Abu Anas al-Libi.     Al-Libi is likely to be a treasure trove of valuable intelligence information.  I believe the most responsible course of action would be to hold him as an enemy combatant at Guantanamo Bay for intelligence gathering purposes.    We can hold al-Libi as an enemy combatant, interrogate, gather intelligence, and then turn him over for trial in federal district court.  U.S. Navy ships were never intended to be confinement and interrogation facilities in the War on the Terror.  The use of ships, instead of Guantanamo Bay, will greatly compromise our ability to gather intelligence from captured terrorists.
I appreciate Sec. Hagel heeding my call and those of my colleagues to bring our DOD civilians back to work. Their contribution is absolutely essential to support our men and women in uniform and maintain our national security. http://newsok.com/most-defense-civilians-can-return-to-work-defense-secretary-chuck-hagel-says/article/3890448
I commend President Obama and our military for the Navy SEALs raid on al-Shabab terrorist group in Somalia.
The Obama Administration’s behavior during the first week of the shutdown has been the best argument against Obamacare anyone has ever made.      The American people do not want #Obamacare, and they are demanding that Washington act to protect them from the harmful effects of this unfortunate law.  The president’s response has been to ignore them, allow the government to shutdown, and then use his power to close national parks and monuments, stop paying veterans’ benefits, and cut off cancer research.  This is exactly why we should not expand the government’s power over our health care choices.  What power the government has, it will use – and misuse – to advance its own interests, even if that means punishing the American people along the way.  The message behind the Administration’s shutdown bullying is the same message sent by his IRS’s abuses of political opponents: do what I say, or else. This is the abusive, partisan, unaccountable bureaucracy that, under Obamacare, will soon be running America’s health care system.  President Obama is not just using the vast powers of his office as leverage against Republicans – he is abusing his powers as leverage against the American people.  The scenes of World War II veterans being shut out of a monument built in their honor should be a bright red flag warning the American people what an out-of-control federal government is capable of.  Each day brings a new and more vivid example of why it is critical that we not allow Washington to reach even further into our most personal and intimate decisions.  We now see how determined the president is to expand the power of the federal government and his willingness to use that power to harm the country to get what he wants.  Congress cannot allow this to stand and should continue to work to end the #shutdown and protect the American people from Obamacare.  Add your voice to the effort to defund Obamacare, and share this with your friends: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
Today I called on the Secretary of Veterans’ Affairs to justify the VA’s purchase of $562,000 of artwork in the final days of Fiscal Year 2013. At a time when the nation’s crushing debt threatens the well-being of our veterans and all Americans, I cannot comprehend the reason why this use of taxpayer dollars was authorized.  If the overall fiscal stability of our country is not of sufficient concern, then the VA should have at least prioritized service to veterans who continue to wait inordinate lengths of time to receive decisions on their benefit claims. These funds also would have been better spent filling positions in Community Based Outpatient Clinics in Kansas and other rural states where staffing remains an acute problem to which the VA is struggling to respond adequately. I am appalled by the VA’s complete failure to prioritize the spending of a half-million taxpayer dollars.
Yesterday, Secretary of Defense Hagel moved quickly to end the furloughs on our Reserve Component and Department of Defense (DoD) civilians, just one day after receiving a bipartisan letter from 50 Senators who joined me in requesting the DoD assess their interpretation of the "Pay Our Military Act," which was signed into law last week.   The good news is approximately 350,000 previously furloughed employees will go back to work tomorrow. While the uncertainty loomed over our National Guard and the civilians who support our soldiers and airmen, the right decision was made.
Republicans are told that Obamcare has already passed and that we’re being obstructionists for attempting to question or modify it. However, since when in this country after a law is passed is it eternally set in stone? When has it ever been true that Congress cannot look at and alter or improve existing law?  READ, 'LIKE' AND 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/oct/3/paul-the-shutdown-means-shut-up/#ixzz2h3NSsbgk
No one wanted a government shutdown. Republicans have continued to offer multiple compromises that would keep the government open. But, all of our proposals were rejected. Every attempt to bargain, negotiate or compromise has been rejected by the Democrats. Obama seems to have a "my way or the highway" attitude toward Obamacare.  READ MORE: http://www.cnn.com/2013/10/04/opinion/paul-shutdown-obamacare/index.html?iref=allsearch
In case you missed it: Yesterday I appeared on NBC's Meet the Press to discuss the government shutdown. Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wi_8qeH7gxI
Why was this a surprise to the Obama Administration?  “Unanticipated?” Wall Street Journal reports:  “The Obama administration said last week that an unanticipated surge of Web traffic caused most of the problems and was a sign of high demand by people seeking to buy coverage under the new law. “But federal officials said Sunday the online marketplace needed design changes, as well as more server capacity to improve efficiency on the federally run exchange that serves 36 states.”
Great to see the Conway Christian School Eagles today!
Wicker Report | On a number of occasions, I have had the special privilege of visiting with veterans on Mississippi’s Honor Flight during their time in Washington.  The scene at the World War II memorial is always awe-inspiring, and that was certainly true when our state’s heroes arrived on October 1.   Although a government shutdown forced National Park Service sites to close, including the World War II memorial, the veterans were eventually allowed to bypass the barricades.  At a moment of extreme partisan gridlock, both political parties cheered the spirit of goodwill on display.
