Welcoming home members of 237th Military Police Company & thanking them for their brave service!
According to a new Gallup survey, more than half of Americans disapprove of the president’s health care law. Secretary Sebelius’s departure doesn't change the fact that #ObamaCare is fundamentally flawed. How has the president’s health care takeover impacted you? 
This kind of senseless attack on our community is repugnant any day, but choosing Passover as a time to demonstrate this hateful intolerance shows how disturbed this person must be. This suspect clearly has a history of outrageous behavior, and I join all Missourians in condemning this devastating act of violence. I plan to stay in touch with community leaders and am thinking of the victims and their families who have suffered a great loss.
I recently met with a number of Jewish leaders in the Kansas City region to talk about their good work to help the community. My thoughts are with the victims and their families who have been impacted by this tragedy.
We had the opportunity to meet with a lot of Arkansans last week including representatives of the Arkansas Cattlemen's Association
This week a member of my staff will visit the following communities to assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Monday, April 14:   Martinsville – 1:00-3:00 PM ET, Martinsville City Hall, 59 S. Jefferson St. Thorntown – 2:30-4:30 PM ET, Thorntown Public Library, 124 N. Market St.  Tuesday, April 15  Chesterton – 9:00-11:00 AM CT,  Westchester Public Library, 200 W. Indiana Ave. Clinton – 1:00-2:00 PM ET,  City Hall, 259 Vine St. Michigan City – 1:00-3:00 PM CT, Michigan City Public Library, 100 E. 4th St. Rockville – 3:00 - 4:00 PM ET, Courthouse (Outside the Auditor's office), 116 W. High St.  Wednesday, April 16  Bloomington – 9:00-11:00 AM ET, Bloomington City Hall, 401 N. Morton St. West Lafayette – 2:00-4:00 PM ET, Tippecanoe Public Library, 627 South St.
Please share: Wednesday is the eighth annual “Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran” Job Fair at the Indiana State Fairgrounds. Nearly 200 employers will be in attendance and looking to hire qualified applicants.
With European Union ministers to discuss new sanctions against Russia today, Senator Corker sent a letter to President Barack Obama on Saturday calling on the U.S. to show leadership and impose additional sanctions on Russian-owned companies as a deterrent to further Russian military intervention in Ukraine.   “Rather than wait for a Russian invasion of eastern Ukraine to implement additional sanctions, which seems to be U.S. policy at the moment, we must take action now that will help prevent this worst-case scenario before it becomes a reality,” said Corker in the letter to the president. “Unless Russia ends its destabilization of eastern Ukraine and drastically reduces troop levels on the Ukrainian border immediately, further sanctions against strategic sectors of the Russian economy, particularly targeting Gazprom and additional important financial institutions, should be imposed within days...Our European allies need to see action, leadership, and resolve from the United States.” http://1.usa.gov/1gvCxjs
Even with heavy hearts from the brutal reminder in Kansas that anti-Semitism can strike even in our heartland, today we join our Jewish friends celebrating the start of Passover:  
Glad #IRS is scrapping proposed rules that would stifle political speech. But we need to make sure any new rules don’t limit speech either.
As Easter draws near, tragic stories like this demonstrate the urgency in fighting for religious freedom across the globe. Catholic missionary Father Frans van der Lugt, the last westerner in Homs, was murdered because of his faith:
So good to be with students today in Texas. All the best to Strake Jesuit College Prep!
How fitting that "the IRS" spells THEIRS when you put the words together... #AbolishTHEIRS
Well this stinks... #BadPun
Join me in Superior, NE this Wednesday for a tour of main street to visit local businesses
Looking forward to meeting with Nebraskans this week during the Senate’s state work period. I’ll be holding “Open Coffees” in Fairbury, Red Cloud, and Holdrege. These are a chance for me to learn what's on your mind and answer your questions. If you’re in the neighborhood, I hope you’ll join me!
Hamburg Town Hall-Topics-Flood ins, hospital non-profit, flood control, endangered Species, taxes, EPA navigable river, Ukraine, HeadStart
Q&A w 83 Clarinda HS students 17 Qs Topics-NSA, deficit, whistleblowers, fiscal policies, process of Senate, how I got involved in politics
Red Oak HS Topics-GayMarriage, Marijuana, Abortion, Obamacare, SocialSecurity, Guns, MinWage, Ukraine, SNAP, EPA, religion in schools
Q&A w 95 Red Oak HS students-30 Qs Some topics in next TWEET
topics from Bedford-GayMarriage, jobs, MinimumWage,Ukraine, Marijuana, abortion, guns, FarmBill, Obamacare, immig, religion & schools, NSA
Q&A w 190 Bedford Middle/HS students-25 Qs. Some Topicsin next TWEET
Corning Town Hall (there’s SNOW!)-9 ppl-Topics-NCLB, farmers, IRS/Benghazi, IRS refunds, Common Core, partisanship, guns, VA problems
Thanks to everyone at the VA Southern Nevada Healthcare System for all you do for #Nevada veterans and for the tour this morning.
Sen. John McCain and I have had productive meetings with the Norwegian Ministry of Petroleum and Energy.
Wishing all those who celebrate a happy Passover.
NA
I was grateful to receive the 'Champion of Science' Award from The Science Coalition today during my visit with Dr. Collins. I believe that by investing in research, we are investing in our future. Given the vast amount of progress made over the last century and the great potential current research holds, now is not the time for our nation to waiver on its commitment to advancing scientific research. Our support benefits our children and our country for generations to come by saving lives, improving health, growing the economy, reducing health care costs, and strengthening America’s role as a global leader in innovation.
Today I'm hosting National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Dr. Francis Collins in Kansas to highlight biomedicine and bioscience initiatives in our state. Dr. Collins oversees the work of the largest supporter of biomedical research in the world. This morning, The University of Kansas Chancellor Gray-Little and I hosted a presentation for Dr. Collins on Kansas’ NIH IDeA program. The IDeA program broadens the geographic distribution of NIH research funding by fostering research at institutions in states that have historically been underrepresented in NIH research. These research institutions in Kansas include University of Kansas, Emporia State University, Fort Hays State University, Haskell Indian Nations University, Kansas State University, Pittsburg State University, Wichita State University and Washburn University.
I am shocked and sickened by the violence that occurred in Overland Park and Leawood today. Kansas is a place where every person of every kind should be safe from violence or persecution. My deepest regrets are with the victims' loved ones and my thoughts are with the entire community, which has had its sense of comfort and safety threatened by today's events. I join all Kansans in proclaiming that theses horrific acts of violence have absolutely no place in our communities, our state, or our country.
Gerri in my Wasilla office is helping celebrate the Mat-Su VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic’s 5th year working with veterans in the Valley. Thank you to Mr. and Mrs. Kopaceski for the cake, and thank you to the folks at CBOC for all your hard work getting our veterans the care they need!
Many thanks and best wishes to my friend Ed Thomas, who is retiring as President of Central Council of the Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska.  Ed has served as president since 1984 and the Council has thrived under his leadership.  I know the Central Council will be in good hands with Richard Peterson, who has been elected to the position.  I look forward to working with Richard in the future.
Once again the time has come for the Jewish community to come together in a spirit of remembrance and hope at the Seder table to celebrate the start of the Passover holiday. At this time of fellowship, Jane and I want to wish all a Chag Sameach.
Discussing my Jobs for America plan with workers at CMT in Youngstown which includes workforce development reform.
CHICAGO: On April 22nd, I will join the Illinois Policy Institute in hosting a school choice roundtable discussion with parents, teachers, students, community leaders and school choice advocates.   Click below to learn more and attend the event.  
Really appreciate the hospitality of Marie and Alan Bruna at Bruna Case/IH Implement in Clay Center. So helpful to hear from the producers who gathered for a public meeting. Thanks to Don Landoll, who manufactures some of the equipment sold by Bruna in their five stores, for also being present.
I had a terrific time with the Washington Rotary Club today. Club President and District Court Judge Paul Monty heads up a great organization.
It was an honor to speak to the folks at the Blue Valley Telecom - Broadband Summit today.
Another example of a highly successful Kansas manufacturer. Koch and Co. in Seneca builds beautiful cabinets and doors. They are shipped all over the US. Owner Jim Koch and CFO Jeff Conner stand in front of two doors, high quality samples of their 500 employees' considerable talents.
Senator Rubio wishes the Jewish community a Happy Passover: http://1.usa.gov/Rju1v5  With the Festival of Passover upon us, I would like to express my best wishes to the Jewish community in Florida and around the world.  This eight-day celebration, rich in history and tradition, commemorates the emancipation of Israelites from centuries of slavery in ancient Egypt. Often referred to as the Festival of Freedom, Passover celebrates the values of every free society.   I share your love for freedom, and celebrate the Festival of Passover by educating our youth to value tradition and follow in the footsteps of their families.  In the midst of a crucial moment in Israel’s history, I will continue to defend the values of freedom and liberty for all. I pray for a peaceful and prosperous future for Israel and that our friends in the Jewish state may have a safe and meaningful celebration.   On behalf of my wife Jeanette and our entire family, we wish you a Happy Passover and Chag Sameach.
Great to be on Hilton Head Island for the RBC Heritage Parade today!
Chag Sameach to all of those celebrating Pesach.
Wicker Report | As a senior member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I am directly involved with the defense authorization process and the blueprint it provides for the future vitality of our troops. In recent days, the committee has heard from various defense officials about President Obama’s proposed changes to funding and force structure, including several that affect Mississippi. Our state plays a crucial role in supporting America’s national defense, and I remain committed to seeing that this tradition of excellence continues.
