It was with great sadness I learned of the passing of Governor Edwards today. He as truly one of the most decent men to have ever served as governor of South Carolina. He was a pioneer for the Republican Party and continued to stay involved in party building activities throughout his life.  However, his true passions were medicine and his family.   His imprint on our state will be long lasting and today South Carolina mourns the passing of one of our finest leaders.
We hope everyone had a fantastic, cookie filled Christmas!
From #LakeMichigan to Shawnee National Forest and our farmland in between, #Illinois is an environmentally rich state. In order to preserve our resources and secure future economic growth, we must take care of our environment and protect it for future generations. Take a look at my #YearInReview with 10 of the ways we protected the #environment during 2014:
Many people still live in fear of dictatorships, persecution and even death, simply for their religion, or speech. Now is the time to stand up for the rights of people all around the world and to bring public attention to deplorable acts of violence and oppression.   Take a look at this #YearInReview video and check out the full 2014 advocating for #humanrights report on my website: http://kirk.senate.gov/2014inreview/humanrights
As the global leader in #humanrights and freedom, the U.S. must be a voice for the voiceless and defend human rights both here and abroad. Take a look at my #YearInReview with 10 of the ways we advocated for human rights during 2014:
It was an honor to spend this Christmas with our brave men and women stationed in Afghanistan. I also had the opportunity to travel to Baghdad, where I met with several Iraqi leaders and U.S. military personnel to discuss the fight against ISIS.
Landed in Baghdad today for meetings with Iraqi leaders and US military on fight vs ISIS
2014 in Review: From hosting weekly constituent meet and greets in Washington to taking my first selfie, here are some of the more fun highlights from this past year!  http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/2014-review-lighter-note#overlay-context=blog/2014-review-preserving-40-hour-workweek
On the passing of former Governor James Edwards: My thoughts and prayers go out to Ann and Governor Edwards' entire family. Jim was an early mentor of mine as I entered public service, and I am forever thankful for his advice and encouragement.  From the dedication of Patriot's Point during his time as Governor to his efforts expanding MUSC while serving as President, Governor Edwards has left an important legacy in our state. No matter if he was serving as a Cabinet member for President Reagan or on a board for President George H.W. Bush, we always knew that Jim's heart was here at home with the people of South Carolina.
Excited to get some new socks! Hope everyone had a blessed Christmas with family and friends.
