In a Politico op-ed today, Senators Ayotte and Murray discuss their bipartisan legislation to combat sexual assaults in the military.
NA
If Senator Feinstein wants to ban tobacco products, she should introduce legislation banning it – not single out legal commodities.  'Like' if you agree
If you missed our radio interview on KASU you can listen to it here.
We'll be joining KASU's Mark Smith to discuss the topics of the day including the IRS scandal and the Farm Bill in 5 minutes. You can listen live here.
Today, I joined Senator John Hoeven and others in calling on the President to approve the Keystone XL pipeline on its own merits and how it should not be linked to new regulations and higher taxes.
I wrote in the Washington Times today about how over next several months, the IRS will take over as chief enforcer of much of Obamacare. The President needs to work with Congress to stop IRS overreach and take away the agency’s authority over Americans' health insurance.
My colleague and friend, Senator Rob Portman (R-Ohio), had a great editorial in USA today about the administration’s lack of transparency and accountability.  These recent controversies coming out of Washington are further weakening Americans trust and confidence in our government.  Congress and the American people deserve answers.  As Rob says, “only when we get to the bottom of these incidents can we begin to rebuild the bridge of trust between us as citizens and our federal government in Washington, D.C.”
News Release: I commend Senators Frank Lautenberg (D-New Jersey) and David Vitter (R-Lousisana) for working together to modernize our chemical safety laws.  After almost twenty-five years, we have a significant bipartisan environmental reform measure that I am proud to be a part of and to have helped negotiate.  The Chemical Safety Improvement Act works to improve the safety of American consumers, while recognizing the enormous benefit the chemical industry brings to the economy.
Cornyn: "The President’s consideration must always be safety of the American people, not...attempts to pivot from scandals:”
Cornyn: "No individual who...pose[s] a threat to the U.S. should be shuttled home at the expense of American taxpayers only to return to the battlefield:"
Cornyn Challenges Obama’s Gitmo Vision:
Visa over-stays comprise 40% of illegal immigration
Are you on Instagram? Senator Corker recently joined! You can follow him at http://instagram.com/senbobcorker.
Texas is showing the country how it's done. Low, predictable taxes and regulations are creating growth, jobs, and opportunity.
This budget debate is about only one issue — raising the debt ceiling. Everything else is just smoke.
It's time to stop our unsustainable debt.
  
 SHARE if you agree!
In my latest constituent common sense video I discuss concerns you had about the IRS and the health secretary asking private companies to promote the president’s health care law.  Click below to see if your comment is featured and get more information on these issues.
Susan Rice does not deserve an apology from me or anybody else for the way she misled the American people. She deserves to be subpoenaed by the Congress and have to give answers to hard questions, something she's never had to do before.   Susan Rice should apologize to the families who lost loved ones in Benghazi.   She should also apologize to Greg Hicks, the number two in Libya behind Chris Stevens who said, when he heard her testimony 'I was stunned, my jaw dropped, and I was embarrassed.'  Seven weeks before the election Susan Rice was trying to create a narrative the consulate was strongly secured and President Obama was a strong leader on the war on terror.  Susan Rice won't get an apology from me. She's going to get a subpoena.
Grassley Amendments to Senate Farm Bill Focus on EPA, Payment Limits, Competition
Great news! The Stolen Valor Act passed the Senate late last night! 
 Our nation can never fully express our gratitude for all that our men and women in uniform have experienced on our behalf. Their acts of valor helped ensure the safety and security of our nation, and the honor of their awards should never be compromised. I would like to thank my good friend and fellow Nevadan, Rep Joe Heck, for his leadership in the House on this issue and look forward to the bill moving to President Barack Obama for signature.
 Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/11ZTs90
 Photo via Roll Call.
“I really believe that a states-first approach will help us do more, not just in energy production, but also innovation. That will help us produce more energy from more sources with better environmental stewardship.”
NA
NA
Iran continues pressing forward with its nuclear weapons program. It’s time for the Senate to increase sanctions pressure.
NA
By fully integrating an electronic medical record coming from Department of Defense to Veterans Affairs we can do better for our veterans.
"For sixty-two days, several of my colleagues and I have objected to the majority’s request for unanimous consent to circumvent regular order to go to conference with the House on the budget.  They want permission to skip a few steps in the process, and jump straight to the closed-door back-room meetings.   There, senior negotiators of the House and Senate will be free to wait until a convenient, artificial deadline and ram through their compromise – un-amended, un-debated and mostly un-read.   And with the country backed up against another economic 'cliff' crisis, we are concerned they will exploit that opportunity to sneak a debt-limit increase into the budget."
A Must Watch
Bowling Green Daily News Editorial: When a powerful government agency such as the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers tries to run roughshod over our citizens, it’s good to know that we have strong leaders such as U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and other federally elected officials who are looking out for us.
McConnell: “A number of my constituents have shared stories with my office about the IRS auditing their organizations and businesses during the recent presidential campaign for the first time ever. These folks believe the audits were conducted for no other reason than the fact that their groups were conservative. And they believe the questions they’ve been asked have more to do with their political views than their business activities. Without a proper investigation, we’ll never know. So we owe that to our constituents – to have a detailed and deliberate investigation. That’s why both House and Senate committees have begun investigations into the matter."
Sen. McConnell will be speaking on Senate floor shortly on IRS scandal & Obamacare. You can watch here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Sen. McConnell's op-ed in today's Washington Post.  When it comes to rewarding friends and punishing enemies, the IRS is not alone. In fact, recent efforts to revive the so-called Disclose Act suggest that these tactics are alive and well in Washington. This bill, which would force grass-roots groups to make their member and donor lists public, may seem benign to some. But as a longtime defender of the First Amendment, I have always seen it for what it is: a backdoor effort to discourage those who disagree with the Obama administration from participating in the political process. The abuses at the IRS — which include selective sharing with left-wing journalists of confidential information about conservative groups — is just the kind of thing the Disclose Act was designed to enable.  Click below to read the op-ed:
Today, I enjoyed having the opportunity to catch up and see General Brooks, former CG of the Big Red One, before he heads out to assume command of U.S. Army forces in the Pacific.
I enjoyed this heartwarming story about Fort Riley Soldiers who work closely with Make-A-Wish America to fulfill nine-year-old Ian Field’s dream of experiencing Army life. Ian suffers from a debilitating genetic illness, and the “Black Lions” Battalion has taken an interest in establishing a relationship with Ian and his family, making his noble dream a reality.
Today, the United States Army Alaska Command held a special Memorial Remembrance Ceremony on Fort Rich- the first one since 2007- to allow our active duty soldiers to honor their fallen brothers and sisters.  I hope all Alaskans will join me in thanking those who have served and always remembering those who made the ultimate sacrifice in the defense of our freedoms.
As Alaskans, we rely heavily on aviation for our day to day lives.  I want to make sure our pilots have the best equipment possible, which is why I introduced a new bill that updates the FAA’s archaic part certification processes.  I believe this will improve safety, decrease costs and encourage innovation in Alaska’s skies.
Today, I am co-sponsoring a new national toxic substance protection bill because we haven’t updated our guidelines for consumer products since 8-tracks were around.  There are troubling reports of health problems in our state that can be linked to chemical compounds, and I want to ensure that Alaskans are protected from harmful substances in our soil, water and air.
On this last day of school for many Alaskan kids, I want to give a special shout out to the students in Stony River.  While children in other communities are taking their final exams and wrapping up their work for the year, the Gusty Michael School kids are raising money to help keep their school’s doors open!  Way to go guys!
A beautiful ceremony in Fairbanks today on the edge of Monterey Lake to honor those who gave everything for our freedom.  As we get closer to Memorial Day, I hope that you will take a moment to remember and thank all our veterans and their families for their sacrifices.
Reports say Lois Lerner on admin leave. But what’s happening at Cincinnati office regarding IRS?
Headed to Senate floor to talk about the need for answers in the IRS scandal. Watch below at 4:30pm:
My friend Rep. Thomas Massie makes some good points about Congress sharing the blame for the current tax code.
In response to President Obama's speech on Drone Policy:  "I'm glad the President finally acknowledged that American citizens deserve some form of due process. But I still have concerns over whether flash cards and PowerPoint presentations represent due process; my preference would be to try accused U.S. citizens for treason in a court of law."  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=823
Regarding the current IRS investigation, I offered the following statement:  “Like all Americans, government officials have constitutional rights. They also have a duty to the taxpayers to be forthcoming about misconduct in their agencies. If government officials are not cooperating with an investigation of admitted wrongdoing in their agency, they should be immediately suspended from their duties until the investigation is complete. The IRS is free to plead the Fifth. We will continue to plead the First.”
Throwback Thursday
ICYMI: Rubio On Immigration Reform With Mike Gallagher: http://1.usa.gov/14Vp2BJ  Gallagher: "You are winning me over by your assertion that the status quo and doing nothing is amnesty, is de facto amnesty. And I think that’s a great point."
Rubio Responds To Obama’s Counterterrorism Policy Speech: http://1.usa.gov/14E8Fda
Sessions issues statement on Congressman Jo Bonner’s announcement:   “Jo is one of the most talented and hard-working members of Congress. I have deeply valued the opinions and insights of ‘my’ Congressman. He knows his district like the palm of his hand and personally knows an incredible number of constituents. He has served with wisdom, courage, and dedication, consistently supporting the highest Alabama values.  Jo will do a great job as Vice Chancellor of the University of Alabama system. His gifts will be a perfect fit for them. He loves the University and will love the work.   We had a great partnership and I will certainly miss his counsel.”
Sessions Lays Out Moral Case For Better Approach On Immigration:   “[Sen. Sessions] argued that in granting work authorization for [over 30] million…the [Gang of Eight’s] bill will benefit corporate titans by flooding the labor market and holding down stagnant salaries in an already weak economy. In short, it will lead to disaster for those Americans now clinging to the bottom rung of the economic ladder…  The [Gang of Eight’s] proposal ‘does not hold up to scrutiny,’ [Sessions] insisted. ‘We're going to tell the truth about the bill. We're going to expose it… somebody needs to ask questions about this bill, they don't get to write a bill in secret, and we all roll over and have it passed without examination… we should serve and listen to the concerns of the working Americans who are making $20,000 to $45,000 a year… That includes Hispanics, African-Americans, and Caucasians… One of the reasons their wages haven't gone up is because there's too much labor. And so, if we end the illegality with a good, principled immigration bill, (if) we allow a generous but responsible flow of immigrants in the future, and if we improve the lives of working Americans, then that's the way you win elections.’”
Today I joined colleagues to call for a no-strings-attached approval to build the Keystone XL Pipeline  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-colleagues-call-no-strings-attached-approval-keystone-xl-pipeline
225 years ago today South Carolina ratified the constitution. Happy Birthday Palmetto State!
Some good news for the Greater Hazleton area:
I’m proud to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Lake Erie. This dramatic encounter breathed new life into a damaged American war effort. Contributing in no small way to this victory was the city of Erie, which provided the safe locale, supplies, and muscle necessary to build the victorious fleet in limited time. I thank the city of Erie and the Perry 200 Commemoration Commission for their efforts to ensure the appropriate recognition of this historic event over the course of this summer.
Going on with Philly's Dom Giordano in just a few minutes. We'll be discussing the IRS scandal. Tune in and listen live here:
My regional manager for southwest Pennsylvania, Katelyn King, hosted a forum on the legislative process with PA State Rep. Eli Evankovich. Here they are with 8th graders from the Leechburg School District.
Pleased to report that the Environmental Working Group has endorsed my crop insurance amendment. This insurance is billed as a safety net, but with no cap, it's wasteful corporate welfare.
