Sen. Alexander today introduced a six-page bill requiring the administration to provide weekly reports on the Obamacare exchanges and said he would ask for unanimous passage of the bill tomorrow. Alexander said: “Before the Internet, RCA knew how many records Elvis was selling every day. Before the Internet, Ford knew how many cars they were selling every day. Before the Internet, McDonald’s could tell you how many hamburgers it had sold each day. Yet the Obama administration cannot tell us how many Americans have tried to sign up for Obamacare.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you think the administration needs to provide all Americans with this information. http://bit.ly/18w5ljt
ICYMI: In the Knoxville News Sentinel column, “Obama not doing enough to defend religious freedom,” Greg Johnson writes: “President Barack Obama is finding shame in Egypt, callously ignoring a religious minority being slaughtered. Moses boldly spoke truth to power when his people were persecuted. Obama says nothing as Christians are killed... [Senators Alexander and Corker said], ‘We are especially troubled by reports that Egyptian authorities have failed to respond to attacks on Christians and churches, or hold perpetrators accountable.’ The senators challenged Obama: ‘We ask that you speak out clearly and publicly against the cycle of violence in Egypt.’ Corker and Alexander accurately see the bigger picture. ‘It is our view that Egypt is part of a broader trend: religious freedoms throughout the Middle East and South Central Asia, particularly for Christians, are under assault,’ they wrote.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if this issue also concerns you, and follow this link to read more from the Knoxville News Sentinel: http://bit.ly/17o7zrl
NA
The troubles with Obamacare run far deeper than “technical glitches.” The Administration’s lackluster response to the online enrollment problems shines a light on this program’s gross mismanagement.  So far, the Administration is failing to meet constitutional requirements of fairness and equality before the law. This is why Congressmen Rick Crawford (AR-01), Tim Griffin (AR-02), Steve Womack (AR-03), Tom Cotton (AR-04) and I sent a letter to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) Kathleen Sebelius requesting information so that we can evaluate legislative solutions to address these issues. Read more on this, the requests we made to HHS and the entire letter by following the link below.
I'll join Greta Van Susteren tonight on Fox News at 7 pm (ET) 5 pm (MT) to talk about how the Obamacare train-wreck is more than a website.
A member of my staff will visit the following locations this week to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Tuesday, October 29 Clinton- Clinton City Hall; 259 Vine Street (11AM- 1PM)  Wednesday, October 30 Madison- Madison City Hall; 101 W Main Street (10AM- 12PM)  Linton- MainSource Bank; 2253 Highway 54 East (1PM- 3PM) Scottsburg- Office of Sen. Dan Coats; 2 E McClain Ave Suite 2A (2PM- 4PM) Goshen- Goshen Public Library; 601 South 5th Street (4PM- 6:30PM)  Friday, November 1 Shelbyville- Shelbyville City Hall; 44 W Washington Street (9:30 AM- 11:30AM)
NA
NA
Appropriate that we are hanging the #VAWA bill in the front office and it is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. #idpol
Weekly Op-Ed: Did you know that October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month?  Many in Idaho and around the nation are coming together to remember the lives lost to domestic violence, recognize survivors and collaborate with others working to raise awareness and provide resources for victims.   Through the help of the many organizations and individuals determined to assist victims and prevent violence, considerable achievements are being realized.  However, we have more progress to make.  Earlier this year, Congress enacted into law bipartisan legislation reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) for another five years.  I partnered with Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) in authoring the VAWA reauthorization legislation to strengthen programs and policies meant to prevent domestic and sexual violence and ensure continued services for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.  Thank you to the many across Idaho and the nation who are working to further this goal.
In a letter today to Secretary of State John Kerry, Senator Corker, R-Tenn., ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, raised concerns about inconsistencies in new civilian nuclear cooperation agreements (known as “123 agreements”) with other countries threatening U.S. nuclear non-proliferation goals.  A recently completed agreement between the U.S. and Vietnam, for example, could permit future enrichment and reprocessing (ENR) of spent nuclear fuel in direct conflict with the “gold standard” previously established in a similar arrangement with the United Arab Emirates where ENR was explicitly denied as a means of preventing civilian nuclear capabilities from being diverted to a weapons program.  “The administration’s acceptance of enrichment and reprocessing (ENR) capabilities in new agreements with countries where no ENR capability currently exists is inconsistent and confusing, potentially compromising our nation’s non-proliferation policies and goals,” Corker said.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/HoXpel
#ObamaScare is coming. What does that mean for you?  WATCH:
Obamacare Promise: If you like your health care plan, you can keep it.  Obamacare Reality: Not so much. #PromiseBroken
Halloween isn't the only thing frightening Americans. #ObamaScare is coming.  Watch and SHARE!
I had a wonderful visit with the 5th grade students at Henderson Elementary School in Cheyenne on October 22. It’s always good to stop by and visit with students about the importance of one of the great adventures in their lives – school!
I will be joining Drive Time Lincoln on KLIN at 5:10 CT to update Nebraskans on the latest news from Washington. Tune in here… http://player.tritondigital.com/2981
Press reports say that IA 3 of 50 states in car/deer accidents. Assume true from experience
Lynne and I had a great time in Carson City for the #NevadaDay Parade. It was great to see everyone! #HomeMeansNevada #NV150
As I've been saying since the beginning, what happened in Benghazi is one of the largest coverups by an administration in our nation's history.  CBS' 60 Minutes piece is another confirmation that the terrorist attacks were 'planned' and 'sophisticated' and that our annex was left vulnerable despite many warning signs and request for assistance.  Since the attacks, I have called for a hearing in Senate Armed Services Committee as well as supported efforts to create a joint committee to investigate the attacks. The American people deserve answers. http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=50157981n
In case you missed it - here is my piece recently published in Investors Business Daily: We Can't Solve Our Problems If We Deny We Have Them.
A few weeks ago, I presented the Family Fairness and Opportunity Tax Reform Act at the American Enterprise Institute as part of a series of proposals that I am putting together to address the crippling problems of immobility at the bottom of our economy, insecurity in the middle class and cronyist privilege at the top.  You can learn more about the tax reform proposal in the attached article.  I am planning on introducing additional proposals as part of this conservative reform agenda tomorrow in a speech at The Heritage Foundation.  Stay tuned for details.
Check out my op-ed in the Arizona Republic: "The Shutdown Succeeded - in Hurting Americans"
NBC News just published a troubling report: the Obama administration knew millions of Americans could not keep their health insurance under ObamaCare.
Today I joined Senator Rubio in introducing the “Delay Until Fully Functional Act”, a bill delaying the individual mandate under Obamacare until six months after the Government Accountability Office certifies that the Exchange website is fully functional. It is unfair for the federal government to punish individuals for not doing something the government is requiring them to do when the Administration’s incompetence has made it impossible for them to comply. I believe the entire law should be repealed and replaced, but until that becomes possible Kansas individuals and families must be protected from the disasters created by Obamacare.
The Ohio State University Marching Band has been on fire this season -- another great halftime show this weekend:
Tonight at 9pm ET, I will be joining Megyn Kelly on The Kelly File. Tune in to Fox News to watch!
It was great to spend some time with Wichita State University President John Bardo today. We discussed some of the wonderful things happening with the Shockers in Wichita!
We are still accepting applications for internships in my Washington office. If you are interested in applying, please visit my website.
Senator Rubio, Rep. Radel Introduce Legislation to Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Websites are Fully Functional: http://1.usa.gov/1akRSBx  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Representative Trey Radel (R-FL) today introduced the “Delay Until Fully Functional Act,” a bill delaying the individual mandate under ObamaCare until six months after the Government Accountability Office (GAO) certifies that the exchange website is fully functional.
In Alabama and across America, we are seeing Obamacare's real-life consequences on middle-class Americans.
NA
Just finished a great tele-town hall with folks in South Carolina. 
 
  If you participated, thank you for sharing your time and thoughts.  If you were not invited to take part, stay tuned, as I will be reaching out to hear from people all over the state in the coming months.
Like I said last week, this is more than just IT issues.  "The new insurance market rules are driving (middle income folks) premiums way up — in some cases doubling them, or more."  "Despite assurances from the White House, insurers are sending out cancellation notices by the tens of thousands in states around the country."  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/10/obamacare-headaches-more-than-just-the-website-98909_Page2.html#ixzz2j2DRQlH7
Thank you to Mark Holt for this week's cover photo--Twin Falls in Pickens.  This is our South Carolina.
Today, my Regional Manager for Southwest PA, Katelyn King participated in a veterans outreach event hosted by Rep. Dan Miller. 
 
 My thanks to everyone for their efforts in putting on this great event.
This Saturday in Springfield, Pa.,  Honor Flight Philadelphia will welcome back WWII veterans from a "tour of honor" in Washington, D.C. If you are in the Springfield area, I encourage you to show your support for them when they return. Details below:
"I feel like we’re sort of back in the era of control-alt-delete where we’re trying to figure out the different tricks that facilitate people’s enrollment."
Today is the 99th birthday of Dr. Jonas Salk (1914-1995). A New York native, Dr. Salk developed the first successful polio vaccine at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. Human testing of the "Pitt vaccine" began at the Watson Home for Crippled Children in the suburbs of Pittsburgh in 1954. Within the first three years of widespread use (1955-1958), the vaccine would reduce the prevalence of polio in the US by 85-90%.
Today, I cosponsored legislation, introduced by Senator Marco Rubio, to delay the health insurance individual mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) until the insurance exchanges are certified as fully functional.
This month, I plan to reintroduce the “Restoring the 10th Amendment Act."  The bill, which I have introduced in every Congress since 2010, underscores the importance of constitutional checks and balances on executive power. It would empower states and the American people with a tool to challenge federal overreach. Read more about the legislation by clicking the link below.
