With the passing of former Governor Otis Bowen, Indiana lost a humble giant whose soft spoken, yet firm convictions influenced many Hoosiers, including me. The good doctor and good governor will long be remembered as an example of political leadership and human decency. Marsha and I extend our condolences and also our gratitude for his shining example of a life well-lived.
Happy Cinco de Mayo to Idahoans of Mexican heritage! Cinco de Mayo is a day to commemorate freedom and to celebrate heritage and culture.
Thomas Friedman on Syria, is worth reading
Happy Cinco de Mayo. A reminder that freedom and liberty depend on the brave actions of individuals who are willing to fight for their rights to self-determination.
Congratulations to today's Southwestern Adventist University graduates!
A great pleasure to join President Eric Anderson and all of Southwestern Adventist University for today's commencement ceremony.
Working beside Kay Orr, Nebraska’s only woman governor, was a steady partner and great man: Bill Orr. Bill was above all a gracious gentleman steeped in faith; he was a loving father and a loyal friend to those of us privileged to know him. Bruce and I extend to Kay and the entire Orr family our prayers and deepest condolences as we mark Bill’s passing.
Congratulations to all those graduating this year from Kentucky colleges and universities. Continue to challenge yourself, think outside the box and always be your own man, or your own woman.
On this day 6 years ago, I was working with state officials to help those devastated by the tornado that struck Greensburg the night before. 11 people lost their lives, and so many others lost their homes and businesses. I am still proud of how our communities rallied together to help. I am very proud to see the new Greensburg today.
Best wishes to all who ran in the Dick's Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon today. I'm glad that my regional manager for southwest PA, Katelyn King, was able to participate today. Let's hear it for these Runners of Steel and the great volunteers who made it happen!
