NA
Americans deserve to know the impact of the upcoming Supreme Court case of King v. Burwell and how it could affect their health care costs, options, and taxes. Forbes covered my letter with Senator Barrasso (Wyo.) and our fellow Senate Republican leaders to the Obama Administration’s Treasury Secretary and HHS Secretary Burwell. Please read and share your thoughts with me below.
Great talking with Osage County leaders today about ways job creators and workers can support advanced manufacturing jobs in Missouri. The bicameral passage of the bipartisan bill I introduced with Senator Brown is great news for our state as it would jump-start good-paying jobs for workers in Missouri and across the nation.
Today I’ll be hearing from local leaders, elected officials, and job creators in Callaway, Osage, and Maries Counties about their concerns about the impact of costly and burdensome government regulations. How does government over-regulation affect you?
NA
Pleased to meet with Dr. Clay Johnston, the Dean of the Dell Medical School at UT Austin to get an update on plans for this exciting new chapter for the University and for Austin.
In July 2013, I interviewed prominent Cuban dissidents Elizardo Sanchez and Guillermo Farinas.    They warned America not to fall for any offer of rapprochement from the Castro brothers.  They said that since 1959, Cuba has been a big jail.  They said that the Castro regime hates America and wants to harm us.  They said that the Castro regime rules by economic control, political repression and propaganda that touch the lives of every Cuban.  They said that Raul and Fidel Castro will try to trick the United States into finance their “Putinist" project—to give the illusion of change when there is no real change.  This week, the Obama administration fell for the Castros' trick.  They agreed to provide economic relief to the Castros, not liberty to the Cuban people.  Watch the full interview here: http://bit.ly/1ALjb10
Appeasing our enemies makes America less safe and the world more dangerous.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/13D9Deo
NA
Did you know Oklahoma City now will be represented in the U.S. Senate with its own resident, Rep. James Lankford, for the first time in 46 years?  I look forward to serving alongside Sen.-elect Lankford in the new Congress and working together on issues that are important to all Oklahomans. Please take a moment to read the fun facts about the Oklahoma delegation in Wayne Greene’s column in the Tulsa World: http://www.tulsaworld.com/opinion/waynegreene/wayne-greene-oklahoma-city-to-have-one-of-us-in/article_abd8b2a7-b0a3-52ed-a47e-5ca94aa70d89.html?_dc=983581525040.7904
I am proud to have voted in favor of the 2014 Tax Extenders package, which includes a host of important provisions for Oklahoma’s job creators. This legislation will help our farmers and small business owners expand their services in Oklahoma by allowing them to write off the first $500,000 in annually purchased business property. Historic Indian lands cover much of Eastern Oklahoma, and the passage of this bill will also allow businesses located on these lands to receive accelerated depreciation for property investments made in 2014. Read more about the 2014 Tax Extenders package here: http://1.usa.gov/1BZPugF
Six months ago today, we lost a fiercely loyal friend and member of the Kirk family. In memory of Lisa Radogno, this brick will be in the White Sox Championship Plaza to honor her and her love of the Sox and Illinois.
"It’s true that the last few weeks of Congress have perfectly represented everything that is wrong with Washington. But change is coming.  "The final weeks of the 113th Congress followed what has become a sad and predictable pattern: Several massive bills were cobbled together secretly by a small collection of political and economic insiders and then hastily forced through Congress before anyone could discover all the special-interest favors tucked inside.  "And yet, as we approached the culmination of this miserable process, something remarkable happened.  "A small but resolute group of representatives and senators from both sides of the aisle spoke out against this un-republican, undemocratic process. Their numbers began to grow.  "Members of both parties — conservatives and liberals — stood up for the American people against a failed status quo that forces those who work hard, play by the rules and live within their means to subsidize political and economic elites who don’t.  "And while our bipartisan efforts may have come up short this year, I believe they prove that what we have witnessed these past few weeks represents the last gasping throes of a discredited Washington status quo."
I enjoyed a day touring major military installations - Luke Air Force Base, Fort Huachuca, Davis-Monthan Air Force Base and Marine Corps Air Station Yuma - with members of the Arizona Congressional delegation around our great state. Great preparation provided to our men and women in uniform at these bases in the defense and protection of our nation!
Great start to a day of tours and briefs at military installations around Arizona with members of the Arizona Congressional delegation. Here we are at Luke Air Force Base - proud of the pilots training to defend and protect our nation at this critical base!
Year-End Accomplishments & Looking Ahead to the New Congress By Senator Mitch McConnell  December 18, 2014  Last month, the people of Kentucky elected me to be their Senator for the next six years and in the process helped me become Senate Majority Leader. I am deeply honored and humbled by the faith the voters have placed in me.  The message from the electorate in Kentucky and nationwide could not have been more clear: the public wants a change in direction and expects things to get done in Washington. I am pleased to report that just in the past several weeks, I have been able to fight for and secure a number of positive measures to help improve the lives of Kentucky families.  Before adjourning, Congress passed legislation that prevents a retroactive tax increase on many small businesses, farmers and individuals across Kentucky. One of the more important provisions allows small businesses and farmers to expense certain business investments—for instance, the purchase of new equipment—which will help spur economic growth and job creation in the Commonwealth.  Congress also passed a bipartisan bill I was proud to co-sponsor which will assist Kentuckians with disabilities and parents who have children with disabilities. The Achieving a Better Life Experience, or ABLE Act, authorizes families to create tax-advantaged savings accounts that can be used for education, housing and transportation expenses for Kentuckians who have family members with disabilities. National Down Syndrome Society Ambassador Lynn Braker of Lexington, Kentucky said of this measure: “This is a monumental, landmark bill for people with Down syndrome and our families. This bill will change the way that families, including mine, will save for all their children and adults with Down syndrome.” The same is equally true for families coping with other disabilities.  I also supported legislation in this Congress which will provide a steadier and more reliable funding stream for America’s veterans programs. We must never forget the noble sacrifices made by our nation’s veterans, and this provision helps us stay true to this pledge.  We also passed a provision that shields Kentucky’s new lawful industrial hemp pilot programs and related university research from interference by the Department of Justice. This is good for our Kentucky farmers who are increasingly looking to hemp as a potential cash crop and job creator. Similarly, another provision I supported blocks the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from implementing the burdensome “Waters of the U.S.” regulations on our farmers. Helping to get the Obama administration’s Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) off the back of Kentucky farmers will have a beneficial impact on the economy of our state.  Another provision I supported that became law will ease regulations on those in the coal industry by lifting a ground transportation restriction that negatively impacted the movement of this resource—one way we can help fight the Obama administration’s War on Coal.  In addition to these more broad-based measures, I was proud to support provisions that positively affect specific Kentucky concerns. For example, I helped ensure that National Guard drug interdiction programs, chemical weapons disposal efforts at the Blue Grass Army Depot, and clean-up efforts at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant were all fully funded.  While this is good progress, we have much more to do. After the holidays, a new Republican Congress will take over and move forward to aid our nation’s economy on several fronts, starting with passage of the Keystone XL pipeline bill. This measure will create thousands of new jobs right away. A Republican Senate will redouble efforts to combat the president’s War on Coal. And a Republican Senate will have the opportunity to push back on the president’s unilateral action on immigration and continue the fight to repeal Obamacare, even as we work to address the damage it continues to do to our country and our economy.  Kentuckians know that once I take over as Senate Majority Leader in January, I will continue to vigorously fight for them and their priorities. Until then I wish my fellow Kentuckians a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
NA
In conjunction with Winfield Kiwanis Club, I hosted a Kansas Listening Tour stop at Baden Square over the lunch hour. Thanks to all the area residents who came out to discuss a number of issues including the Affordable Care Act's impact on community hospitals, the new veterans' health care law, and how to make certain small businesses survive in rural communities. Thanks to Winfield Kiwanis Club President Ruth Gordon and club member Glen Sambolte for hosting the conversation.
This morning I visited Elk County and held a town hall meeting in Howard at the Cox Building. The folks who attended wanted to discuss getting back to a normal functioning Senate — passing appropriations bills so Congress has power and authority over our country and it's not governed by executive order. We also talked about the importance of rural America and protecting our special way of life for future generations. Thanks again to the Elk County Farm Bureau for hosting the town hall.
During my travels to and from Washington, DC this week, I came across a local high school orchestra doing its part to spread some Christmas cheer by entertaining travelers with Christmas carols. I couldn't help but stop to listen.  Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you and your family.
Unfortunately, many rural Kansas veterans are still unable to access the care they need because the VA is implementing the Choice Act in a way that only takes into account distance to a VA medical facility, and not whether that facility can provide the medical services a veteran requires. For example, while the services offered at Community-Based Outpatient Clinics (CBOCs) are invaluable, they cannot meet the health care needs of all veterans. Living near a CBOC should not prevent a veteran from accessing care which the CBOC cannot provide. The VA has the authority to fix this problem and have been calling on the VA Secretary to take action for several months. Enough is enough. In the absence of VA action, I have introduced legislation that would make certain rural veterans are not forgotten just because of where they live. Read more at the link below.
It wasn't the easiest drive this morning—5 a.m. alarm clock followed by snow and fog—but still much better to be in Kansas than in Washington, D.C.   I'm hosting Kansas Listening Tour stops in Elk and Cowley Counties. Safe travels everyone!
Can’t wait to finally get back to Alaska and be home with family and friends before this holiday season wraps up! I've got a busy next couple of days running around Anchorage and I’m particularly looking forward to distributing beanie boxes at Bean's Café tomorrow, bell ringing for Salvation Army at the 5th Avenue Mall, and I'm a little bit nervous to be jumping in the Polar Plunge for Special Olympics Alaska. (The Ice Bucket Challenge will be nothing compared to Goose Lake!) Hopefully I’ll have time to finish up some Christmas shopping…hope to see you around town!
Toured and held an employee town hall at Molded Fiber Glass in Ashtabula this morning. Good discussion on manufacturing in Northeast Ohio.
Enjoyed spending my day in Cleveland yesterday and capping off the night seeing LeBron, Kyrie and the Cavs.
The vast majority our police force do care about those living in poverty --here's a heartwarming example: http://www.al.com/news/birmingham/index.ssf/2014/12/tarrant_police_officer_deliver.html
Rubio Welcomes Signing Of Venezuela Sanctions Bill Into Law: http://www.rubio.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=89c1a552-fe17-4499-9a7a-d5fba957a58c  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) welcomed today’s signing of S. 2142, the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, into law by President Obama.   Rubio, one of the bill’s sponsors, issued the following statement:   “After almost a year of trying to achieve this important measure as a response to Nicolas Maduro’s violent crackdown on innocent Venezuelans, I'm glad these sanctions against corrupt human rights violators in Venezuela are finally the law. Now it’s important that the sanctions be swiftly implemented to help send a message to the Venezuelan people that the American people are on their side as they seek democracy, freedom and respect for human rights.”   Background    S. 2142 directs the President to apply targeted visa and financial sanctions against individuals, including members of the government, public security forces, and armed civilian groups, who have perpetrated, ordered or directed acts of violence or human rights abuses against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela, or have directed or ordered the arrest or prosecution of a person primarily because of the person’s legitimate exercise of freedom of expression or assembly. S. 2142 also calls for a report on obstacles to access objective media content in Venezuela, current efforts by the U.S. government to address these challenges, and a strategy for expanding existing programs.
ICYMI: Rubio: New #Cuba Policy Is A Victory For Oppression
NA
NA
Gobble Gobble from the Turkey Shoppe in Edgefield! Enjoyed the chance to sit down and talk with folks about their thoughts and concerns.
Great to be back in South Carolina and talking with the students at McCormick High this morning!
I was glad to assist Dalton Yoder obtain U.S. Army medals his great uncle deserved for his service in Vietnam. We owe our #veterans a debt of gratitude for their service and sacrifice. http://bit.ly/1C6I4ph
This morning I joined Dalton Yoder from Middleburg and his great uncle, Fred, on Fox & Friends. Fred served two years in Vietnam, and Dalton made sure he received the medals he deserved. This is a heartwarming story and I am proud to help a fellow Eagle Scout take action to honor our veterans.
