Special thanks to my staff for surprising me today with some Christmas treats for the newest addition to the Alexander family, Rufus. Looking forward to getting back home to Tennessee and celebrating the holidays with family and friends.
Really enjoyed chatting with the McAllister family from Bridgewater & the Bock family from Milton at Coffee with Kelly this morning! If you're a New Hampshire resident planning a visit to Washington, please consider joining me for Coffee with Kelly. Learn more here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=coffee_with_kelly
Carrying on an annual tradition of showing our appreciation for the U.S. Capitol Police who keep us safe every day.
Yesterday I joined Bill LuMaye on his radio show and discussed the Senate Democrats’ Intel report. If you haven’t read the Minority Views, you can here: http://1.usa.gov/1sgd9kx
My office works to obtain the recognition Arkansas veterans did not receive while serving. This year my office has helped more than 120 veterans and their families obtain service medals. We were proud to recognize Jack Massengale during a recent presentation in Harrison.
Always a pleasure to meet with our lawmakers from the Indiana General Assembly.
NA
Today is Indiana's statehood day. Happy 198th birthday Hoosier state!
Tonight the Senate unanimously passed a resolution introduced by Senator Donnelly and me honoring Hoosier Abdul-Rahman (Peter) Kassig. The measure expresses condolences to Kassig’s family and pays tribute to Kassig’s extraordinary humanitarian work. In addition, the resolution condemns the terrorist acts of ISIS and urges the U.S. and international community to work together to address the threat posed by ISIS and the suffering of innocent civilians impacted by the conflict. It is truly a tragedy that a man who helped so many in need had his life cut short. This Hoosier was a bright light in a dark place of difficulty and suffering.
Today’s VA Vet of the Day is Texan James Leavelle. What a pleasure to meet this hero during Austin Honor Flight’s trip to DC last weekend:
VIDEO - Cornyn: One Step Closer to Justice for Fort Hood Victims:
I thank my colleagues in both chambers for their support of Israel, and I hope that leaders around the world will unite with Congress and denounce Hamas’ acts of terror.
Moving farewell address by Sen. Tom Coburn. Washington has not been the same since he arrived and his fearless leadership will be missed in the Senate.
Every December, Diana disappears into the kitchen for a week and bakes almost non-stop for our annual Cookie Party. This year, she made nearly 200 dozen cookies to say thank you to all of the Senate support staff. This includes the Capitol Police, cafeteria workers, and many, many others who don’t always get thanked for the jobs they do, but their efforts don’t go unnoticed. My favorite is the chocolate cake squares with the peanut butter cream cheese frosting!
It’s not the name or failed marketing that makes Obamacare a terrible law as the Administration has suggested. It’s because the architects of the law failed to understand the policy details when they passed it. Unfortunately it’s taken the pain of their constituents to finally help some of them understand their mistake. Hopefully this will help us as we work in the next Congress to make our health care system better.
Thx to SenAlexander for ideas on reforming NoChild LeftBehindEmphasizingConstitution lv education to states Stopping DOEd dictates I say act
Read Dec2WashingtonPoat JennRubin"School reform..." Tells how SenAlexander will write Ed bill to emphasize state dominance in education
Coming from a state where over 85 percent of the land is public, I recognize the importance of the lands provisions included in the National Defense Authorization Act. The passage of this legislation would have a great impact across Nevada. Watch my speech urging my colleagues to join me in support of this bill:
I am planning to vote against the 2015 NDAA.  As the title suggests, the National Defense Authorization Act is supposed to be a relatively straightforward, largely noncontroversial bill. It is the primary legislative instrument for Congress to exercise its constitutional power – granted in Article I, Section 8 – to “provide for the common Defence.”  This bill – the NDAA for fiscal year 2015 – is a legislative hodgepodge that includes those straightforward, noncontroversial items that almost all of us support, but also numerous other provisions that are unrelated to national defense.  Most egregiously, the drafters secretly added 68 unrelated bills pertaining to the use of federal lands – the so-called “lands package” – into this bill without any opportunity for debate or a vote.  None of these bills were included in the version of the NDAA that the Senate Armed Services Committee debated and voted on in May of this year... because, had any member tried to include them in the normal process, they clearly would have been ruled out of the committee’s jurisdiction.  Another outlier in this legislative grab bag is a provision reauthorizing a Defense Department program to train and equip “moderate” Syrian rebels for the next two years.  Now, we have testimony from some of America’s top military leaders warning us of the immense risks involved with this program. They have told us that there is no way to guarantee that these efforts won’t backfire, further embroiling the United States military in volatile and unpredictable Middle East conflicts.  Yet here we are, forced to reauthorize this risky program in order to provide for our troops and the Defense Department.  We can do better. The American people – and especially those serving in uniform – deserve better. And as we saw in the recent elections, the American people demand that we do better.
I will be holding a tele-townhall tonight.  You can find links to participate here:
Last night, the U.S. Senate passed the American Savings Promotion Act (S. 1597/H.R. 3374) with broad support. Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio and I—both members of the Senate Economic Mobility Caucus—introduced the legislation to allow the creation of prize-linked savings accounts (PLS). PLS accounts would incentivize personal savings by offering participants chances to win prizes based on savings account deposit activity while never putting their savings at risk. The legislation passed the House in September 2014 and now heads to the President.   This bipartisan legislation clears the way for banks and other financial institutions to promote personal savings. Hopefully, this law will help American families become more financially secure and upwardly mobile. In passing the American Savings Promotion Act, the House and Senate have shown that good ideas may still have a chance in Washington.
It was great to visit with State Legislators in town to discuss ways to better serve their constituents and advance intelligent, positive changes for Alaska.
I’m proud to have worked with my colleagues in the Senate and the House on a bipartisan and balanced lands package in this year’s NDAA. These provisions will allow economic and community development, cut red tape to energy production, and boost American mineral production. They protect multiple-use and public recreation, convey federal land for economic and community development, protect treasured lands, and provide new means for private dollars to support our national parks.
Thank you to both KTVA 11 News Daybreak and Channel 2 News, KTUU.com Morning Edition for the chance to give you a "DC Update" on what is happening in Congress this week, and what it means for Alaska.
Tsunami debris on our shores, Arctic water mapping and fishing industry efficiency are enormous concerns for Alaskans.  I thank my Appropriations Committee colleagues for seeing the need for investment and resources to these areas, and for working with me in putting together a 2015 budget that works for them.
ICYMI: Miami Herald: Rubio Welcomes End Of Baseless U.S. Department Of Education Investigation Into Florida Bright Futures Scholarship  Florida did not violate anti-discrimination laws by using standardized test scores to award Bright Futures scholarships, the U.S. Department of Education has found.   The department’s Office for Civil Rights had been investigating the Bright Futures program, which awards college scholarships based on grade point average and SAT or ACT scores. The probe was based on allegations that the eligibility criteria had the effect of discriminating against Hispanic and African-American students.   But federal authorities found “insufficient evidence of a legal violation” and concluded the investigation Wednesday, according to a memo addressed to Florida Education Commissioner Pam Stewart and obtained by the Herald/Times.   U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, a Florida Republican who opposed the probe, said he was glad federal authorities had ended the “baseless investigation.”   “The Bright Futures program has helped thousands of Florida’s top students finance their college educations and given them the foundation for successful careers,” Rubio said in a statement.   …   Dropping the requirement and funding scholarships for all eligible students would cost Florida too much money, federal authorities wrote in the report. And dropping the requirement and increasing other academic eligibility requirement, such as the minimum GPA, might also eliminate significant portions of black and Hispanic students.   Responding to Wednesday’s report, Rubio, a former speaker of the Florida House, stressed that every decision about Bright Futures had been made “entirely on setting priorities in the face of budgetary constraints, not with any regard to race or with any intent to include or exclude students of any particular background as this federal investigation suggested.”   Rubio said he hoped future decisions about the program would be handled at the state and local level.   …
Rubio Comments After House Passage Of Venezuela Sanctions Bill   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) welcomed today’s passage by the U.S. House of Representatives of S. 2142, The Venezuela Human Rights and Defense of Civil Society Act. Having also passed in the Senate on Monday evening, the bill now awaits the President’s signature to become law.   Rubio issued the following statement:  “With these sanctions, we can end the days of Venezuelan regime officials and thugs repressing innocent Venezuelans in their day jobs and then coming to Florida to live in the lap of luxury and splurge Venezuela’s wealth. This is the first step to address human rights violations in Venezuela, and it will be a blow to the hypocrites in Nicolás Maduro’s regime who talk a lot about socialist sacrifice but who themselves are immune from its failures and live in a fantasy world of gold-plated iPads and fancy cars, even though most Venezuelans can’t even find basic necessities like food and toilet paper.   “Although passing this sanctions legislation is important, it’s only the first step in our work supporting the human rights and democratic aspirations of the Venezuelan people. As Venezuela’s economy and society further deteriorates under the weight of an incompetent, unaccountable and repressive government, failed socialist economic system and dropping oil prices, I believe we are going to see even more repression from Maduro’s regime.”
Rubio Sobre Aprobación De Sanciones Contra Venezuela En La Cámara Baja:   “Con estas sanciones, podemos poner fin a los días en que individuos del régimen violan los derechos humanos del pueblo venezolano durante la semana y luego se pasan sus vacaciones en la Florida viviendo de lujo y malgastando la riqueza de Venezuela. Este primer paso lo sentirán los hipócritas del régimen de Nicolás Maduro que hablan tanto del sacrificio socialista, pero que viven exentos de los fracasos de este sistema, y dentro de un mundo de fantasía con iPads forradas en oro y carros de lujo, todo esto mientras que al pueblo venezolano le cuesta trabajo encontrar las necesidades básicas como comida y papel sanitario.   “Aunque estas sanciones son importantes, solo es el primer paso en nuestro trabajo apoyando los derechos humanos y las aspiraciones democráticas del pueblo venezolano. Vamos a seguir viendo el empeoramiento de la economía y la sociedad venezolana bajo el peso de un gobierno incompetente, irresponsable y represivo – y también bajo el peso de un fracasado sistema socialista y la caída de los precios de petróleo. Debido a todo esto, tenemos que estar preparados para ver aún más represión en el futuro de parte del régimen de Maduro”.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PQBtPR3FzQ&list=UUd5Nv9gL89TCR03kD2SfaIQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQCdjdhAt-M&list=UUd5Nv9gL89TCR03kD2SfaIQ
Great to meet Socastee High School students in DC today! I wish you all could have brought some South Carolina weather up with you--you can see the snowflakes in the photo if you look closely!
Thank you Senator Richard Blumenthal! The Connecticut-made PEZ dispensers you gave me included Pennsylvania native President James Buchanan. Here he is back at his desk in the Old House of Representatives!
I am looking forward to passing legislation that will allow Gettysburg National Military Park to expand and add the Lincoln Train Station. This #bipartisan effort will attract visitors who want to learn more about one of the most famous battles in American history, and will grow the region’s economy. http://bit.ly/1BghzgA
God's magnificent work is in full bloom this evening over D.C.
