The Hill: Cornyn Urges Obama to Oppose UN Arms Treaty:
One of the basic logical flaws in blanket bans against "assault" rifles, is the assumption they can only be used for offensive, not defensive purposes by law abiding citizens
Tomorrow (March 17), Senator Corker will be a guest on “Fox News Sunday” to discuss the budget battle on Capitol Hill and other news of the week. See below to find out on what station and at what time the program airs in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
On Thursday, Senator Corker addressed members of the United States Senate Youth Program (USSYP). USSYP is a week-long experience in Washington for outstanding high school students interested in pursuing careers in public service. Two student leaders from each state spent the week in Washington experiencing their national government in action. Prior to addressing the group, Corker met with Tennessee’s two student representatives, James Markos of Jackson and Samira Ibrahim of Sevierville. (Photo courtesy of Jakub Mosur)
On Tuesday, Senator Corker and Senator Alexander met with students from East Tennessee State University. The scholarship winning students were in Washington during their spring break to meet their representatives and learn about leadership in government.
UPDATE: I'm cosponsoring an amendment to prevent unnecessary sequestration furloughs by providing the Administration with flexibility to make smarter spending cuts. This amendment will allow agencies to target wasteful, low-priority programs while still cutting out-of-control spending. Learn more about the amendment here:
Always good to see Charleston Mayor Joe Riley.
Read Mar11 WallStJ oped Lomberg Electric cars not green. Put out CO2 more than conventional car if driven 50 000 miles or less
Grassley Recognizes Sunshine Week
Sen graham on TV: getting info on Benghazi. All us senators need support  Lindsey.  if PresObama is most transparent evr get info to Lindsey
Important op-ed by my wife Cindy McCain on the need for Arizona to address the issue of human trafficking:
Today I attended the 24th Annual St. Patrick’s Day Celebration in Rush Center. I visited with residents of Rush County and enjoyed the opportunity to catch up with old friends. I also joined the St. Patrick’s Day parade and enjoyed seeing the Rush County Cub Scouts march with the American flag.
A big thank you to Congressman Young today - he is now the longest ever Alaskan to serve in Congress, passing our good friend Sen. Ted Stevens' service to our state. Congrats Don!
Thrilled that the state of Kansas has taken its rightful spot on top of the Big 12! I'll be pulling for my Wildcats tonight, but expect a great game. Who will you be cheering for this evening?
Thrilled the state of Kansas has taken its rightful spot at the top of the Big 12. I'll be pulling for the Wildcats tonight, but expect a great game. Who will you be cheering for this evening?
