Today Sen. Alexander announced that he will introduce a bill requiring the Obama administration to provide weekly reports to Congress and to states with data about Obamacare enrollment, efforts to resolve the site’s technological problems, and information about organizations contracted as navigators. Follow this link to read more about the bill and the Obamacare exchange #trainwreck: http://1.usa.gov/HfKgU2
Today Sen. Alexander announced that he will introduce a bill requiring the Obama administration to provide weekly reports to Congress and to states with data about Obamacare enrollment, efforts to resolve the site’s technological problems, and information about organizations contracted as navigators. Follow this link to read more about the bill and the Obamacare exchange #trainwreck: http://1.usa.gov/HfKgU2
ICYMI: In an Oct. 21 article in Bloomberg Businessweek,“Obamacare Rushes to End Delays as Deadline Talk Grows,” Sen. Alexander said of Obamacare exchanges: “Somebody ought to be accountable for this mess, and if the president isn’t going to resign, it’s up to him to figure out who should.” Follow this link to read more and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree: http://buswk.co/1a1BB4k
Follow this link to listen LIVE on NewsTalk 98.7: http://bit.ly/8ZGmWI
Religious freedoms throughout the Middle East and South Central Asia are under assault, and recent reports of more frequent, targeted attacks against Christian churches and individuals in Egypt are deeply troubling. That’s why I joined Senators Corker and Alexander in calling for a U.S. response to these attacks while we continue to forcefully defend religious freedom throughout the world.
WSJ compares yesterday’s Rose Garden speech to an “infomercial, complete with a 1-800 number.” #DoesObamaCare
The Administration needs to own up to the fact that Obamacare is not ready for primetime and delay the individual mandate. The real solution is repealing this law and replacing it with healthcare reform that will work. I continue to work toward that end.
I am one of 50 Senators who oppose the UN Arms Trade Treaty.
The D.C. interns made a visit to the U.S. Supreme Court. This could be you in the spring semester. Apply by clicking the link. 
 http://www.crapo.senate.gov/services/interns.cfm
VIDEO: Working for our Veterans and Military During the Shutdown:
Offering support and raising awareness for victims of domestic abuse at SafePlace in Austin.
 
 SafePlace provides emergency shelter to victims of domestic violence and their children and is doing incredible work to put a stop to domestic violence through safety, healing, prevention and education. October is National Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Let’s stand together to say ‘NO MORE’ to domestic violence.
BLS: % population in work force declined from 65.7% to 63.2% since Pres. Obama took office
POTUS suggests O-care's website is only problem, but when website is fixed there will be no excuses for unworkable O-care.
Interesting map of cyber attacks worldwide
How US debt has changed under every President since JFK
POTUS sez you can get O-care questions answered in 150 different languages - is English one of them?
POTUS is calling on the private sector to bail out Obamacare implementation is telling - big government is not the answer!
In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, Senators Bob Corker, Lamar Alexander and Roy Blunt, R-Mo., said recent reports of more frequent, targeted attacks against Coptic churches and individuals in Egypt “warrants a clear U.S. response.”  “Egypt’s Christian minority and their ability to worship are in danger. The situation warrants a clear U.S. response.  We are especially troubled by reports that Egyptian authorities have failed to respond to attacks on Christians and churches, or hold perpetrators accountable,” wrote the senators.  “It is our view that Egypt is part of a broader trend: religious freedoms throughout the Middle East and South Central Asia, particularly for Christians, are under assault.  The U.S. must respond to this challenge and continue to be a forceful defender of religious freedom throughout the world.  We recognize this is not an easy task.  We offer our support and stand prepared to work with you as you find ways to use U.S. influence to stop sectarian violence and end the persecution of Coptic Christians in Egypt.” Read more:  http://1.usa.gov/1a4QhQj
We've got career politicians in both parties who aren't listening to the American people. That's why we have out of control debt, Obamacare, and more. We've got to #MakeDCListen to the people.
#ButWaitTheresMore
Had a great Q&A w 2classes of UNI students  each class is future teachers
Public affairs prog on kcps in Burlington & conf calls w IA reporters early this AM, now heading to UNI to talk 2 Prof Oakland's classes.
Violence in all its forms should not be tolerated. Join UNLV's Take Back the Night tomorrow & unite against violence.
“In an increasingly data driven world, we need to be sure that whatever government does it respects the privacy of every individual. EDRs can serve a useful function by helping to make cars and streets safer, but access to the data should be treated as personal except under very specific circumstances. Our bill makes clear what those circumstances are.”
One of the great privileges I have as a Member of Congress is to help Oklahoma veterans obtain their military medals that they earned but have either been lost or were never properly awarded. The latest veteran my staff helped was WWII veteran Phillip Coon of Tulsa. At 94-years-old and a survivor of a POW labor camp, he was awarded Monday evening with the Prisoner of War Medal, Bronze Star, the Combat Infantryman Badge, and more. His story can be read here: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=239508243
I urge the Illinois General Assembly to pass mandatory minimums for illegal gun crimes. This is the key anti-gang vote of the year. I'm proud to stand with Chicago Police Supt. Garry McCarthy, Lake County State's Attorney Mike Nerheim, and North Chicago Police Chief James Jackson in support of this bill.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=895
#ButWaitTheresMore "In the meantime, here are the tales of many, many, many real Americans. Share this with your friends. Every time some Statist nincompoop extols the virtues of Obamacare; every time they insist that the 'Affordable Care Act' has done nothing but 'help' low and middle income families; every time they babble incoherently about how #Obamacare isn’t 'perfect' but it’s still 'better' than what we had before — show them this. Challenge them to read what is happening out there. This isn’t abstract. It isn’t academic. It isn’t a matter of ideology. It isn’t even an issue of constitutionality (although it’s that, also). This is about people. People with kids, and bills, and health problems. This is about people who can no longer afford their health coverage, their mortgages, their lifesaving medication. This is about doctors and nurses leaving medicine behind, driven away by destructive bureaucratic interference. This is about moms and dads losing their jobs so that their employers can compensate for the financial burden of Obamacare. This is about people without insurance because of Obamacare, now being fined for not having insurance because of Obamacare. This is about business owners driven to the edge of bankruptcy. This is real. We heard a lot of fantasies about what Obamacare was 'supposed' to accomplish, now it’s time to talk about what it’s actually doing.  "So when they say you are 'heartless' for opposing Obamacare, show them why it’s heartless to support it.  "Sure, the President, the media, Hollywood and the DC elite have touted some 'success stories.' But they are few and far between — and they come at a cost. This is that cost. For every person thanking his lucky stars for this new healthcare entitlement, thousands of low and middle income families are suffering.  "Is that fair? Is that compassionate? Is that moral?"
I’m in Northeast Kansas today and my first stop was in Holton. The Holton/Jackson Chamber of Commerce hosted me on Courthouse Square so I could hear from small business owners. Our conversations covered banking regulations, Obamacare, access to health care, and the uncertainty caused by the shutdown. I visited with Mark and Mary Pfeiler in their quilt shop, Quilting on the Square, which opened in April 2005. This year, their business proudly represents Holton and Kansas as a Better Homes and Gardens Top 10 Quilt Shop in North America.
Tonight I'm attending Kansas State University's Landon Lecture featuring six past U.S. Secretaries of Agriculture: Senator Mike Johanns, Ann Veneman, Dan Glickman, Ed Schafer, Mike Espy and John Block. If you'd like to listen in, the lecture is being streamed live via the link below.
Nearly every time I'm home, I make it a priority to visit at least one Alaskan school.  I want to get to as many as possible statewide, because our kids are so inspiring and full of energy and promise.  I want to thank Ms. Yvette Tousignant's Lake Hood Elementary kindergarten class for welcoming me today.
Touring Camp Ravenna Joint Training Center to get look at the great capabilities for training our nation's finest.
I was in Western Kentucky yesterday. I met with a lot folks -- Republicans, Independents and Democrats -- and heard their concerns (including Obamacare, $17 trillion debt).
Our country faces a problem bigger than any deadline: a $17 trillion debt. America needs a leader who will stop the downward spiral of spending.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://redalertpolitics.com/2013/10/22/america-needs-a-leader-who-will-stop-the-downward-spiral-of-spending/
Five simple questions the American people deserve answers to about the failed launch of the Obamacare exchanges:  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/10/5-obamacare-questions-kathleen-sebelius-wont-answer-98636_Page2.html
Senator Rubio Sponsors Legislation To Rename Veterans Affairs Medical Center Honoring Rep. C.W. Bill Young: http://1.usa.gov/H8QTYL
English & Español: Rubio: Failure To Launch ObamaCare Spanish Website Another Reason Mandate Should Be Delayed Until GAO Certifies Websites: http://1.usa.gov/178nw2z
Rubio Discusses Legislation To Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Website Fix On CBS & FOX: http://1.usa.gov/1cbzm02 CBS: http://bit.ly/19YCTqR  FOX:http://bit.ly/HcMmor   Rubio: “I’m calling for a delay on that requirement, until the General Accounting Office of United States certifies that the website is up and working and functioning and has been functioning for six consecutive months. I think that’s a prudent approach.”
Sen. Sessions issued a statement on the new jobs numbers released today:  “Today’s jobs report underscores the real problem in today’s labor market: growing joblessness among working-age adults despite modest monthly gains in total employment.  Nearly 2 million fewer Americans are working today than in 2007. But this does not tell the full story: millions more have left the workforce altogether—retiring early, moving in with family, going from a two-income to a one-income household, going on disability or welfare, or giving up looking for work. Of particular concern is that 1 in 6 American youth are neither working or in school.  Taking into account all of this, less than 60 percent of U.S. adults are participating in the workforce. Worse still, the broad measure of unemployment that includes discouraged and marginal workers actually increased to 13.6 percent last month. This joblessness translates into 3.7 billion fewer hours being worked this year than in 2007, which directly affects the savings and living standards of millions of Americans. Those who are working are experiencing a decline in wages and incomes stretching back to the late 1990s. Getting these Americans back into the workforce, and getting cash wages to rise and replace government benefits, has to be at the center of all economic discussions.”
Learn more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/services/military-academy-nominations If you have any questions or would like help with the application process, please contact my Lowcountry office at (843) 727-4525.
In case you missed it: I went On The Record with Greta Van Susteren yesterday evening to discuss the Obamacare rollout failure that Americans have seen so far.    You can watch here:  http://youtu.be/l9dzhF8oNwU
Congratulations to Pittsburgh Pirates skipper Clint Hurdle for being named "Manager of the Year" and to Francisco Liriano for being named "Comeback Player of the Year" by the Sporting News.  http://goo.gl/BLmA7N  #BUCN
In 2012's bipartisan JOBS Act, Congress came together to help new businesses. The Securities and Exchange Commission still isn't following that law.
ATTN Philly-area vets: just across the bridge in Camden, the Battleship New Jersey Museum and Memorial will host the 2nd Annual Thanksgiving Day Meal for Homeless Veterans and Active Military Personnel on Nov. 28. Details below:  WHEN: Thurs. Nov. 28 (Thanksgiving Day)  TIME: 10:45 a.m. - 1 p.m.  WHERE: 62 Battleship Place, Camden Waterfront, NJ 08103  DETAILS: The Battleship New Jersey, in partnership with Camden County Veterans Affairs and the Camden County Board of Chosen Freeholders, will offer homeless  veterans and active military personnel from Joint Base Fort Dix, New Jersey and Dover Air Force Base, Delaware a full-course turkey dinner on Thanksgiving. The meal will be served by volunteers in the Battleship’s crew’s mess (on-board cafeteria).    Residents can join us on the pier at 10:35 a.m. to welcome our heroes to the Battleship. Free parking is available in Lot #2, diagonal from the Susquehanna Bank Center, courtesy of the Camden Parking Authority.
“It was a perfect storm for an IT meltdown." If #ObamaCare can't even enroll people properly...
