Sens. Alexander and Corker met with American Cancer Society members from across the state at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a constituent breakfast held in Washington every week the Senate is in session. For more information, click here: http://1.usa.gov/13RUNx5
ICYMI: In the Johnson City Press article, “Sen. Alexander throws his support behind state’s fish hatcheries,” staff writes: “During a late-August visit to the Erwin National Fish Hatchery, U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., pledged to continue work to ensure that federal fish hatcheries recently threatened by budget cuts would remain open. When it came to Alexander’s attention that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service may now be studying federal hatcheries, which include the Erwin National Fish Hatchery and Dale Hollow National Fish Hatchery in Celina, for closure, the senator took action to live up to the commitment.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you are one of the 900,000 Tennesseans and visitors who buy fishing licenses each year. http://bit.ly/15nTEyh
Honored to visit with American hero @MarcusLuttrell in San Antonio. Look forward to seeing his movie “Lone Survivor” when it comes out.
Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" tomorrow morning to discuss the latest on Syria. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
Senator Corker made the following statement today regarding the announcement of an agreement between the U.S. and Russia on Syria's chemical weapons. "Absent the threat of force, it's unclear to me how Syrian compliance will be possible under the terms of any agreement.  I'm still reviewing the details and believe Syria's willingness to follow through is very much an open question, but I remain supportive of a strong diplomatic solution to Syria's use of chemical weapons," said Corker. "I am concerned that these negotiations not be used as an opportunity to retreat from our broader national interests, but rather, to reinforce them, including support for moderate opposition forces and, most importantly, reassuring our allies of U.S. resolve to counter threats from Iran and other rogue nations.  The administration's handling of this crisis has hurt U.S. credibility, so it's vital that going forward, the President articulate how his actions protect our national interests in Syria and the region."
2nd game UNI25/16 ovr greenbay
2nd match. First game UNI 25ovr greenbay 14
UNI WINS MATCH ovr green bay 3/1
Green Bay ovr UNI. 19/25. Game 3
UNI OVER GREEN BAY 25/16 Game 2
UNI OVER GREEN BAY  game 1  25/19
Tomorrow morning I will join Candy Crowley on State of the Union at 11:00 am CT to discuss Syria. Tune into CNN to watch.
Gang members are responsible for an average of 48% of violent crime.  I am committed to fighting #gangviolence in #Illinois.  Every Illinois lawmaker should be on the the attack against violent street gangs.  
 
 Check out my new page detailing my decade long anti-gang record: http://1.usa.gov/15XBia0
It was good to hear from Kansans again this weekend at the Kansas State Fair. I visited with Kyle and Kaid Sasse of Arnold who are showing livestock. I also talked with Connie Hall of the Geary County Convention and Visitor's Bureau, as well as 1st grade students at Union Valley Elementary School of Hutchinson. It was good to get a dose of Kansas common sense before I head back to Washington tomorrow.
I traveled to Larned to see the recently completed construction of the Pawnee Valley Community Hospital (PVCH). The new 51,000 square foot facility sits on the site of the old St. Joseph Memorial Hospital which was built in the 1950s. The Larned community was faced with the potential closure of its hospital in 2009 until a partnership was established between Hays Medical Center and the City of Larned to keep its doors open. The efforts by the Larned community are truly an example of a community standing together when faced with a difficult circumstance.  Pictured here (left to right): Pawnee Valley Community Hospital Chief Nursing Officer Paul Carrington, Pawnee Valley Community Hospital Community Relations Coordinator Brenda Langdon, Pawnee Valley Community Hospital Administrator Matt Heyn, County Commission Chairman John Haas, Larned Mayor Bob Pivonka, and Pawnee County Attorney John Settle.
Last weekend, I enjoyed spending time at the Kansas State Fair where I caught up with KBUF Ag and Information Leader's Lory Williams. We discussed Syria, CRP haying and grazing, the Farm Bill, and other issues facing our state. I encourage you to click the link below to hear our conversation.
This weekend Jewish families will observe the high holy day Yom Kippur—a day of atonement. I hope all observing have a meaningful day.
This afternoon on J-BER, Cathy Jorgensen was promoted from Colonel to Brigadier General.  This promotion makes her the first female General of the Alaska Army National Guard.  Please join me in saying congratulations to this strong Alaskan woman!
Thanks to Estamos Unidos de Pennsylvania who invited my press secretary, Steve Kelly to join them during this morning's American Diabetes Association Step Out: Walk to Stop Diabetes in Harrisburg.
