Following the targeting of conservative groups by the Internal Revenue Service, Sen. Alexander and Rep. Fincher (R-Tenn.) yesterday announced that they would introduce the “IRS Abuse Protection Act” when Congress comes back into session. This legislation would require the federal government to notify taxpayers whenever the IRS has accessed their tax returns or other information, helping them to protect their constitutional rights. Alexander said, “The IRS violated the First Amendment rights of the American people when it created what amounted to an enemies list of conservatives, including Tennessee Tea Party groups, to keep people quiet. This legislation will give taxpayers the protection they need to make sure the IRS isn’t using their information in a way that violates their First Amendment rights to speak up and speak out, for political reasons or otherwise.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” with others who want to ensure their First Amendment rights are protected. http://1.usa.gov/14W0GtX
We're encouraging businesses across the state take advantage of the Arkansas World Trade Center and connect to the world. ARWTC provides international trade services to companies and individuals and educates students in global commerce. We shared the benefits of this resource in Magnolia and Texarkana yesterday. Read about our visit in this story published in the Texarkana Gazette.
Over the last two years, the Assad regime has committed terrible atrocities against thousands of innocent men, women and children in Syria. I join the rest of America in strongly condemning these awful acts of violence.   This past week, I've participated in both open and closed hearings with the Administration about the President’s call for military strikes in Syria. Like most folks back home, I am concerned about the Administration’s willingness to commit to military action without providing an ultimate objective and an overall strategic plan in Syria. That’s why at today’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, I voted against a resolution authorizing U.S. military force in Syria.  There is nothing of more consequence to me as a U.S. Senator than a vote on whether or not to involve American military forces, and so far I believe the Administration has failed to present a strategy that justifies this action.
This morning at 11:15 am (ET) 9:15 am (MT) I'll join Jon Scott on FOX News to talk about Syria.
Senator Jim Risch, Congressmen Mike Simpson, Raul Labrador and I all have serious concerns with a military strike in Syria.  While the recent events in Syria present a difficult and tragic situation,  U.S. involvement must be consistent with protecting our national security interests.  A high bar must be set when considering the engagement of Armed Forces personnel into a military theater.  This will be an important debate over the next several days and one that the Congress must have.
PJ Media: Now that Hasan Trial Over, TX Lawmakers Revive Push to Designate Shooting as Terrorism
In Houston @cachoutx with Mayor @anniseparker, Judge @edemmett, and others to announce the
 "Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act," legislation that will boost support and protection for victims of sexual assault.
POTUS says WMD attack "not my red line."  Please.
AP: Plan for Human Trafficking Bill to be Discussed in Houston:
Senator Corker made the following statement regarding Senate Foreign Relations Committee passage of a limited authorization for the use of military force in Syria.  “None of us want the U.S. mired down in another conflict, so the committee has significantly limited the president’s original authorization, while still providing for an appropriate use of force in response to Assad’s use of chemical weapons.  It prevents boots on the ground, limits the duration of any military action, and requires a progress report on the administration’s overall Syria policy,” said Corker.  “As we now move to the full Senate, the American people deserve a full and open debate about U.S. interests in Syria.”
Senator Corker today said the agreement he reached this evening with Committee Chairman Bob Menendez, D-N.J., limits the scope and duration of a congressional authorization for the use of military force against the Assad regime in Syria. The new draft legislation being circulated to committee members this evening would strictly prohibit American boots on the ground, limit the duration of any military action to 60 days, and separately require a report from the Obama administration detailing U.S. support for vetted, moderate opposition groups in Syria. “Our negotiations have led to a much narrower authorization that provides for the appropriate use of force while limiting the scope and duration of military action, prohibiting boots on the ground, and requiring the Obama administration to submit their broader plan for Syria,” said Corker.  The committee is expected to hold a markup on the new authorization language tomorrow following a classified hearing on intelligence related to the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/17LIqWG.
FACT: Implementing Obamacare means hundreds of millions of additional dollars in funding for the IRS.   #DontFundIt #DefundObamcare
The White House is in talks to fix Obamacare for unions.   No more special treatment. Fix it for EVERYONE by defunding and repealing it. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Wyoming newspapers play an important role in our communities across the state. Local newspapers keep us informed and connected, particularly in small towns. I like Wyoming newspapers. If you like Wyoming newspapers as well, show your support by sharing this post and "liking" your local paper on Facebook today.
NA
NA
NA
15 min UNI VB home season v Iowa st will start.
Senator Grassley finished his annual tour of Iowa's 99 counties last week. Check out his latest commentary on this year's meetings!
I’ve said repeatedly the President must first explain our objectives and end state in Syria, present a long-term strategy for the region and the means to fund it, as well as clarify the risks associated with military intervention. Despite several years of bloodshed, we’re just now seeing a last minute rush by the White House to gain the support of Congress and the American people. Until the President comes forward with answers to these questions, no one should vote to authorize an act of war on Syria.  After today's Senate Armed Services Committee classified briefing, my opposition to the President's military intervention remains unchanged. Watch my full response here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5nMoUB4Yy0&feature=share&list=TLK1-sEwuSxVg
In case you missed it - here is my interview last night with Greta Van Susteren regarding Syria.
Wishing all who celebrate Rosh HaShanah a happy, healthy & sweet new year, L'Shana Tova!
Syria resolution authorizes limited action with NO boots on ground; with Iran watching, I will join Senator Dick Durbin in supporting it.
At sundown, Jewish families in Kansas and around the world are celebrating Rosh Hashanah, a holiday that marks the new year of the Hebrew Calendar and the beginning of the High Holy Days. I wish all those celebrating Rosh Hashanah a happy holiday and sweet new year.
On my way to McPherson yesterday, I had the opportunity to spend time in Durham, and stopped by the Post Office as well as several local businesses, including White Farm Equipment, Co-op Gas Station, Agri Producers, Inc. and the Main Street Café.  I'm glad to say the small town cafe is alive and well in Durham. Not only did I have a some great conversations with the noon lunch crowd, but the food was excellent. So much for avoiding dessert...the peach pie was delicious. I will certainly be back.
I encourage you to tune in or listen live to KMBZ 980 AM this morning during the 8 o'clock hour. I look forward to speaking with E.J. Becker and Ellen Schenk.
While in Sedgwick County today, I spent time members of the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. It was a pleasure to visit with these local small business owners and job creators about how what they do contributes to our most important civic responsibility — making certain the next generation has the opportunity to pursue and achieve the American Dream. Chamber members also shared concerns with regulatory overreach in the health care, banking and energy sectors.  Thank you to Chamber Chairwoman Debbie Gann for the invitation to participate and to Former Chamber Chairman Sam Williams for the kind introduction.
May the year 5774 be marked by joy, health, prosperity, freedom and peace. Jane joins me in wishing all of those observing this Holiday, a Shanah Tova.
Spent the afternoon visiting with farmers in Dayton – great roundtable & tour at Mike Farm Enterprise. Agriculture is the #1 industry in Ohio.
Wouldn't be a trip to Wayne County without a stop at the Smuckers store for some great products.
Toured and visited with workers at the new Smuckers manufacturing plant in Orville. A great Ohio company.
"It should be made explicit that the Constitution invested the power to go to war in Congress. Since the Administration refuses to say it will abide by this vote, win or lose, Congress should send a clear message"  Read my entire statement here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=949
I wanted to be proud of the President asking for Congressional authority. And I was for about a minute until I heard him say, "oh, but it's just a fake vote. If you vote against me, I'll still bomb Syria."  Watch my interview with Sean Hannity on Fox News HERE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXRRUi6qVxQ
Kentucky Ag Commissioner James Comer has said the Commonwealth will move forward with the reintroduction of industrial hemp following the Justice Dept.'s decision not to challenge state laws in Colorado and Washington. I support Commissioner Comer in his efforts and I appreciate his leadership. Read my statement here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=945
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved a resolution on the use of military force in the Syria. I remain opposed to these military strikes.  The President insists he has the authority to conduct a very limited military strike – a shot across the bow of the Assad regime – not war or even action to affect a regime change.  Obviously Syrian President Bashar Assad will think this action will mean war. With this delay, Assad is simply moving his WMD weaponry and assets and will doubtlessly continue his murderous attacks on his own people. What does the Obama Administration do then?  More important, do we have contingency plans for terrorist attacks against U.S. targets in the Mideast or even within the United States? Let us not forget the loss of more than 200 Marines in Beirut or the bombing of the U.S.S. Cole following similar attacks. History tells us murderous dictators have never been deterred by slaps on the wrist.  This proposed action is both dangerous and inept and, as defined by the President – instead of sending a strong message to Assad, North Korea, Iran and Russia – will be regarded as little more than a slap on the wrist.  In all probability, the administration will accomplish nothing except a feckless effort to respond to the President’s red line warning. Now, in delaying the attack, he simply wants the Congress to provide cover. How many times have we seen these attempts to involve our military in limited political wars of gradualism where victory is not clearly defined? Our nation should never engage without a clear objective, a plan of alternative action and a clear exit strategy. The Senate resolution does not clarify or meet these requirements.
I want to congratulate Fort Riley Middle School for being named the National Middle School of the Year by the Association of Middle School Principals. They are the only school on a military base to receive the honor. Well done Troopers!  http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/Fort-Riley-Middle-School-Named-Best-In-Nation--221879311.html
Rosh Hashanah By Senator Marco Rubio   This evening we join our Jewish friends in America and around the world as they mark Rosh Hashanah, a celebration of the Jewish New Year. For millions across the globe, this sacred holiday is a chance to observe old traditions and usher in new beginnings for the year ahead.   Let us also take this opportunity to reflect upon our friendship with Israel, and to pray that safety and peace be felt there during this holy time. Especially in light of the tumultuous circumstances gripping the region, the people of Israel must be given the space and the freedom to observe Rosh Hashanah in peace.   In this time of celebration, prayer, and reflection for the Jewish people, we ask that God’s blessings be felt on all who observe this holiday. May the New Year bring them peace and happiness.   L'shanah tovah u'metukah.
Rubio: My Vote Against Military Action in Syria: http://1.usa.gov/1cHf7DU  Rubio: “While I have long argued forcefully for engagement in empowering the Syrian people, I have never supported the use of U.S. military force in the conflict. And I still don’t. I remain unconvinced that the use of force proposed here will work.”
ICYMI: Rubio: Mismanagement May Have Left Us With No Good Options Left In Syria: http://1.usa.gov/1aj7d6j  Senator Marco Rubio: “I’m concerned that no matter what we do at this point we are not going to get the outcome that is in our national security interest. I think military intervention is one of the tools in the toolbox of our foreign policy. I’m just concerned that there is no military intervention at this stage that could actually lead to that possible outcome. For example, what the President is advocating is basically a symbolic action. By his own admission he’s called it a ‘shot across the bow.’ And now they are saying the stated purpose is to prevent Assad from using weapons in the future, but I’m not sure the type of strike that they have in mind would do that. Assad is using these weapons because he is trying to survive, I mean literally survive both physically and politically. I don’t think three days’ worth of missile strikes is going to dissuade him from doing whatever it takes to survive in the future. And so, I think that is a problem that we face. Look, I hate to keep going back to this point, but we may have reached a point now where there is no good outcome possible in this conflict, and again, it is the direct result of the mismanagement of this administration.”
Senator Rubio Calls On Administration To Cancel At Least $8.7 Million Ad Buy To Promote ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/15tzYoW
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions op-ed today on crafting responsible immigration policy:  "Cheering Senate passage [of the Gang of Eight bill], the White House released a new report declaring that the Senate bill’s large proposed expansion of our already very generous immigration programs -- including a further surge in 'low-skill visa programs' -- is exactly what our country needs.  Here is one gem from the White house paper: 'The broader leisure and hospitality industry -- one of the fastest-growing sectors of the United States economy -- also stands to benefit significantly from commonsense immigration reform… like agriculture, a portion of their current workforce is undocumented. Leaders of these industries have been longtime proponents of legislation that would legalize workers in the U.S. and facilitate the lawful employment of future foreign-born workers. The head of the American Hotel and Lodging Association this year applauded the Senate on behalf of the lodging industry for its bipartisan commitment to immigration reform.'  Are we really to believe that the leisure and hospitality industry cannot get by unless (as the Senate bill does) we both pardon them for the large-scale hiring of illegal workers and then provide them with a substantially expanded flow of low-skill workers from other countries?"
NA
To everyone in Pennsylvania celebrating Rosh Hashanah, L’Shanah Tovah.
Great to visit the Rotary Club of York today. Their devotion to the motto "Service Above Self" is plain to see in the many good works their members perform. Thanks for having me and for the difference you make for York's community.
Thanks to Karen Shuey at LancasterOnline.com for grabbing coffee with me this morning at the Prospect Diner in Columbia, Lancaster County.
Going on with TalkRadio WPHT Philly's Dom Giordano in just a few. Tune in to listen live here:
With WFMZ Allentown's Tony Iannelli, host of "Business Matters," at the Greater Lehigh Valley Chamber of Commerce. Thanks to everyone who came out to participate in the conversation.
NA
