The Obama administration announced yet another ObamaCare delay today - further demonstrating this law is fundamentally flawed. We need to repeal and replace this train wreck with common-sense health care solutions. #ObamaCare #BrokenPromise
President Obama’s health care takeover is crushing millions of Americans, and Missourians are speaking out about the impact of this disastrous law.
Yesterday the Supreme Court decided to hear a case regarding the constitutionality of Obamacare’s contraception mandate. The Supreme Court will hear lawsuits that were filed by Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. The two companies have owners who have religious objections to providing access to contraceptives that can terminate a pregnancy.    I hope the Supreme Court will strike down the administration’s mandate and rescind this rule because it disregards freedom of religion – a core American principle guaranteed by the First Amendment. It is unconstitutional for the federal government to require faith-based institutions and businesses to betray the fundamental tenets of their beliefs, and the administration’s so-called "conscience protections" are far from adequate.
Thanksgiving offers us an opportunity to gather with our families and loved ones to give thanks for our many blessings.  Sen. Collins recently met with the Legere family from Auburn who were recognized with an "Angel in Adoption" award for their incredible commitment to provide a home for children who need a family.  The Legere's are one of so many "angels" who are eager to give generously of themselves to provide a loving home and to improve the lives of children.  Happy Thanksgiving!
NA
Hopefully SCOTUS will reaffirm the Constitution protects all Americans, including employers, no matter what form of business organization they may adopt.  The argument that "corporations aren't people" trivializes the real issue, which is one of religious liberty.
GAME DAY FOR HEALTHCARE.GOV - NOV. 30!  By a wave of the magic wand big government will declare the website and O-care problems over.  NOT.
Jay Leno: “President Obama in Los Angeles. Today, he visited the famous DreamWorks studios. Now don’t confuse DreamWorks with ObamaCare. That was a dream that didn’t work. That’s totally different.”
On this Hanukkah, I wish our Jewish friends a happy holiday.  The miracle of the oil reminds us of God's provision in times of trouble. The little vessel that kept burning for eight days embodies the hope of a courageous people. Their piety and perseverance through adversity is an inspiration to many. Their steadfastness speaks to their faith in a greater future.  Last week, I had the honor of attending an event celebrating Emma Lazarus, the poet who wrote the words that welcome all to this land of liberty: 'Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!'  We are grateful for the rich history the Jewish culture brings to America and to the world, and I hope you have a blessed Hanukkah season.
This time of year always reminds Diana and I of all we have been blessed to receive for which we are truly grateful. May God continue to bless us as individuals, just as he has blessed us as a nation. Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours.
Senator Grassley wishes everyone a very happy Thanksgiving.   In his weekly video address, he encouraged all of us, as we come together to celebrate with our friends and families this holiday season, to take the time to reflect on our blessings and give thanks.
In 1789, President George Washington issued a proclamation declaring November 26 a day of “sincere and humble thanks.” In 1863, with the Civil War raging, President Abraham Lincoln issued a presidential proclamation setting aside the last Thursday of November “as a day of Thanksgiving,” making the celebration a national holiday. Since her founding, our nation has known the importance of gratitude.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=e2cb259f-5a88-41dd-a30d-176a3dec9fb8
My warmest wishes to Wisconsinites beginning the celebration of Hanukkah tonight!
President Obama has issued a major disaster declaration for #Illinois to make federal assistance available for rebuilding. Today I saw the tornado damage and recovery efforts up close in Washington, IL.
 
 http://www.wics.com/template/inews_wire/wires.regional.il/3afc5653-wics.com.shtml
I am thankful for our great state and all the Alaskans I have the privilege of working for.  I wouldn’t be here without you, and while you may not always agree with every vote I cast, please know that I work my hardest every single day for you and for our future.  As I travel around Alaska, I have talked with many of you and we have shared laughs, had serious conversations, shed tears, and just visited over coffee.  Today, and every day, I am thankful for you, Alaska.  #AKThanks
As Jews in Ohio and around the world prepare to celebrate the Festival of Lights, Jane and I extend our wishes for a very Happy Hanukkah.
Senator Rubio Wishes You a Happy and Blessed Thanksgiving: http://1.usa.gov/1aYyp7v  Every year on the fourth Thursday in November, most Americans set aside their demanding jobs and busy schedules to celebrate their many blessings. Thanksgiving is a uniquely American holiday on which we show our gratitude for family, friends and this great nation.     It was in the midst of a brutal civil war when President Lincoln proclaimed Thanksgiving a national holiday. But more than two centuries before that, the very first Thanksgiving was a momentous gathering that marked a lasting hope for the promise of a better life in the New World. Today, America continues to be a beacon of freedom and opportunity.     We are thankful for this great nation, where our brave troops selflessly defend the God-given rights that have guided this country to prosperity. We are thankful for this great nation, where opportunity rings even more loudly today than it did centuries ago.  And we are thankful for this great nation, where each generation is born into the promise of a better life, a promise as unique to America as this holiday— the promise of the American Dream.     As we gather around the table this year, let us fill not just our plates but also our hearts, with laughter, love and the peaceful reassuring notion of what it means to be truly thankful.     From my family to yours, we wish you a happy and blessed Thanksgiving.
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Prevent Blank Check Bailouts Under ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/17XkKQ9  It’s become a hallmark of Barack Obama’s presidency that mistakes made by policy makers, businesses, and governments at all levels must be paid for by American taxpayers.   This perverse bailout culture is again evident in ObamaCare, which we now know contains a little-known provision that grants the administration a blank check for a taxpayer-funded bailout of insurance companies when ObamaCare fails.   When President Obama recently announced his unilateral order to allow health insurers to ignore ObamaCare’s mandates and regulations and keep offering health plans that people wanted to keep, it exposed another fundamental problem in the law which puts American taxpayers on the hook...
Wishing a happy #Hanukkah to all those celebrating in Pennsylvania!
Read my op-ed in this morning's USA Today: The Kremlin's New Spy Game | Plan for Russian GPS stations on U.S. soil deserves greater scrutiny.
