Obamacare is forcing at least 11 Tennessee school districts to limit jobs or hours. Please LIKE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that: “Schools should be free to make decisions based on what will help students learn what they need to know, not on how to cope with Obamacare’s burdensome and expensive mandates.” 
 http://1.usa.gov/1d6u6dM
The Department of Interior’s announcement today that they are canceling the controversial “National Blueways” program is welcome news to private landowners and communities in Wyoming and across the country. The Blueways program, which was created by the Obama Administration in 2012, gave Washington the power to takeover State and local water rights without Congressional approval or public input.  As Chairman of the Senate Western Caucus, I’ll continue to fight against any attempt by Washington to takeover Wyoming’s water.
Obamacare--more Americans have had their health insurance plan canceled than the total number of people who have enrolled. Over 4.7 million Americans have received cancellation notices under the president’s signature law, the Associated Press reports, but U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) confirmed Tuesday that between the federal and state exchanges, just two million Americans have signed up for Obamacare coverage.
I thought POTUS said he would decided on Keystone XL pipeline by the end of 2013.  Did I miss something?
Sen. Sanders asks a good question millions of Americans would like the answer to: Are any law-abiding citizens safe from NSA spying?
Devastating story that highlights the very real harms resulting from Obamacare and why the fight to stop it is so important.
Wow, what a year. I cannot thank you enough for your support, encouragement, and efforts speaking out to #MakeDCListen. Together we accomplished a lot in 2013 (http://bit.ly/Ko9KjT), but here's to an even better 2014!
The Department of the Interior quietly announced today that it will be ending its "National Blueways System" that the Wyoming delegation has been fighting. The program could have allowed the federal government to take over any state's water without authority from landowners, local government, or Congress. I sent a letter with Senator Barrasso and Rep. Lummis last February expressing our concerns with this policy and even offered an amendment to the continuing resolution last March to end the program. This is good news for Wyoming. Our land is our land, our water is our water.
I had a great meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today where we discussed our shared concerns about the Iranian nuclear program. 
 
 Iran has been the largest state sponsor of terrorism for over thirty years.  Its leaders routinely call for the destruction of Israel and Iran arms and finances terrorist groups around the globe.  The national security implications of a nuclear Iran are unimaginable.
Non farming “managers” are exploiting farm program meant for small/medium-sized farms. 100s of millions of taxpayer $$$ going to non-farmers
Toured Mitas Tire in Charles City, Q&A with 20 employees Qs-Military spending, cost of living, CRP, infrastructure $$, US-China relations
99 county mtgs-Nashua-Plainfield school-280 students Qs: Deficit Obamacare Guns SocSec Marijuana Tuition Gay marriage DuckDynasty FarmBill
GAO says Legislative language in the Senate passed farm bill would be good fix for actively engaged  Why r some trying to take out? 2of2
Current actively engaged law to keep non farmers from getting farm payments isn’t working. Nonpartisan GAO says changes must be made1/2
While it’s a blessing that no one was hurt in this accident, we must now work with the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), industry and leaders on all levels to get to the root cause of this week’s derailment. We also need to rigorously review ways that shipping petroleum products by rail can be improved for safety. For instance, it will be important to identify which products can be shipped in which railcars for maximum safety until newer cars come online. At the same time, we must advance long-overdue rules for building new tankers with enhanced safety features as soon as possible.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=0dd31e19-e442-4380-94fa-9c62ae29c51f
"USDA made the permanent changes we have been seeking to the School Lunch Program. A one-size-fits-all approach to school lunch left students hungry and school districts frustrated with the additional expense, paperwork and nutritional research necessary to meet federal requirements. These are exactly the changes included in our Sensible School Lunch Act.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=4d259652-5be8-4e16-92a3-8e84365f739b
NA
How do you think our country would be different if the federal government still owned the Louisiana Purchase?
It was good to catch up with the Kansas Ag Network's Greg Akagi yesterday and visit about a number of issues as we kick off 2014. Our discussion covered the status of the Farm Bill, why I voted against the Murray-Ryan Budget plan, as well as the upcoming omnibus bill and my work on the Senate Appropriations Committee. We also discussed the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility and the debt ceiling. A good New Year’s Resolution for Congress would be to work together to address the overall fiscal issue our country faces. I encourage you to listen to our conversation via the link below.
USDA has agreed to enact permanent changes to the National School Lunch and Breakfast Program in response to a request I submitted along with several of my Senate colleagues, including Pat Roberts. This decision is good news for parents, school budgets and food suppliers. Unfunded mandates like this one were making it even harder for schools to provide healthy meals to our kids. School lunch program decisions should be made in schools at the local level – not mandated by the government in Washington, D.C.
Happy Birthday, Alaska!  You look great at 55!
Excited for the Buckeyes game tonight. Let’s finish a great season with a win -- Go Bucks!
Happy New Year! It has truly been an honor to represent the people of Kentucky for the past three years in the United States Senate. Thank you for allowing me the privilege and I look forward to continuing to serve the Commonwealth in the coming years.   Click below to watch my Year in Review for 2013. In 2014, I will continue to defend our Constitution, individual liberties and the freedoms that make this country great. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKWBh35aHtc
Good news: we have forced the Obama Administration to end School Lunch regulations that were leaving kids hungry at the end of an active school day. Common sense prevails.
Congrats to Ed. W. Clark, the new superintendent of  Gettysburg National Military Park Museum and Visitor Center.
