Senator Ayotte with Air Force JROTC cadents from Salem High School
Enjoyed meeting Allison Thompson of Nashua and John Parsons of Madbury, representing New Hampshire at the US Senate Youth Program this week in Washington.
NA
After nearly four years without a Senate budget, I’m disappointed the Senate Democrats’ proposal fails to cut wasteful spending, address deficit reduction, or enact meaningful entitlement reform. Instead, the Majority’s budget hurts job creation in Missouri and includes more tax hikes and reckless spending, which has led us to a record $16.7 trillion debt. Learn how this plan specifically impacts Missourians by clicking the link below.
As a strong supporter of our nation’s veterans and the Constitutional rights of all law-abiding citizens, I introduced legislation today that would end the arbitrary process through which the government strips veterans and other VA beneficiaries of their Second Amendment rights.   Share this if you believe that the men and women who have fought and sacrificed for our country should have the same rights as all other Americans.
The Senate Judiciary Committee approved Senator Dianne Feinstein's (D-Calif.) ban on assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition clips. Rest assured that I will fight ANY effort that infringes on our 2nd Amendment Rights.  Share this if you support the Constitutional rights of American citizens.
The bureaucracy of our veterans’ health care system has become so bloated that our nation’s veterans are suffering as a result.    I introduced a bill to reallocate and better target funds to improve the quality and consistency of health care for our nation’s war heroes.  By reducing the number of administrative offices and reallocating staff and resources to our VA medical centers in the field, we can provide our nation’s veterans and their families with the quality care they deserve.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/ZKFp0F
Yesterday, the President signed into law the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2013 (PAHPRA), a bill that will protect our nation from bioterrorism and pandemics.    I authored the original law in 2006 and am proud that this important bill was reauthorized.  The American people must be protected if an attack occurs, and this law will help ensure that we are better prepared to respond to threats facing our nation, whether they are naturally occurring or deliberate attacks.
We had a great time meeting with Jace Motley from Conway High School-West in Conway and John Williams from Green County Tech High School in Paragould who are in Washington representing Arkansas as delegates for the United States Senate Youth Program.
We need a reasonable solution to cuts that will impact contract towers and Americans’ air travel ability. Sharing the cost of the cuts to air traffic control evenly, across-the-board is an answer that will minimize the effects on aviation. It’s a shame the Administration has not worked harder to structure cuts in a way that will reduce their impact.
I'm vehemently opposed to the U.S. signing any UN Treaty that would regulate small arms. Read our blog post and what we're doing to protect our Second Amendment rights.
We'll be joining KFPW-AM in Fort Smith at 8:10 central. Tune in to hear our interview or you can check it out at the link below later today.
I will be taking the stage at CPAC at 10:45 am (ET) 8:45 am (MT) to talk about the negative impacts of Obamacare on young Americans. You can watch the speech online using the link below:
NA
BREAKING: During the budget mark-up this morning, Senator Crapo asked the Majority staff how much deficit reduction is achieved in the first of this budget. The answer from the staff was ZERO. This confirms the Senator’s fear that we never get into the years that contain the hard choices of deficit reduction. - Staff
I join the many Catholics all across Idaho in praying for Pope Francis I. I wish him well and hope for God's blessing.
You can watch the mark-up of the 2014 budget on C-SPAN.- Staff
News Release: After almost four years, the majority party in the U.S. Senate finally got to work on marking up a budget. Unfortunately, this proposal contains more tax hikes and no net spending cuts to put us on a path to a balanced budget. Their proposal ignores the insolvent entitlement programs that we must reform for future generations. The American people deserve action from Washington on our debt crisis, but this budget proposal is more of the same.
In case you missed it: Senator Collins' committee held a hearing Wednesday investigating a Jamaican lottery phone scam that is ripping off Maine senior citizens.  Watch this story to learn more:
Why Is Janet Napolitano’s Homeland Security Department Making America Less Secure? http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=d9d08555-a38c-4492-a8a2-9b95df6e2050&ContentType_id=b94acc28-404a-4fc6-b143-a9e15bf92da4&f6c645c7-9e4a-4947-8464-a94cacb4ca65&Group_id=bf378025-1557-49c1-8f08-c5df1c4313a4
Miller: The Illogic of Feinstein's 'Assault Weapons' Ban:
PHOTO: Impact of the Senate Dems' budget on Texas:
Cornyn blog post in The Hill: Renewing Our Commitment to Open Government:
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn Votes Against Assault Weapons Ban:
Sen. Cornyn Votes Against Flawed Assault Weapons Ban:
Cornyn After Voting Against Assault Weapons Ban:  “This is a flawed piece of legislation that jeopardizes the self-defense and constitutional rights of law-abiding Texans, while doing nothing to address the tragic problem of gun violence. It is unacceptable to me, and it is unacceptable to Texans.   “To truly address gun violence, and do so with broad bipartisan support, we should be addressing the serious deficiencies in our mental health system, improving our background check database, and rigorously enforcing existing laws.”
Cornyn on Assault Weapons Ban: "We're going to give the American people a pea shooter to defend themselves with:"
DMN: Sens. Cornyn, Cruz Expected to Voted Against Assault Weapons Ban:
What we still don't know about Benghazi
Today’s Wall Street Journal opinion article by George Melloan underscores the need for substantive and structural housing finance reform. Read more here: http://on.wsj.com/10St4MW. Earlier today, Senators Corker, Warner, Vitter and Warren introduced the “Jumpstart GSE Reform Act.” More: http://1.usa.gov/WeG4JU.
It’s time to Jumpstart Fannie and Freddie reform. "Like" and "Share" if you agree. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WeG4JU.
In an effort to spur substantive and structural housing finance reform, Senators Bob Corker, Mark Warner, David Vitter, and Elizabeth Warren, all members of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs committee, today introduced the "Jumpstart GSE Reform Act."  "The reality is that if Congress were to spend 'g’fee' revenue from the GSEs on other programs, reforming these mortgage behemoths would become nearly impossible. At the same time, if Treasury were to decide to sell its preferred share investment without Congress having first reformed our housing sector, we would just be returning to a time where gains are for private shareholders and losses are for taxpayers. Neither of these is an acceptable outcome, so I’m very happy that Senators Warner, Vitter and Warren have joined me in this effort, and I hope Congress will take the necessary steps to ensure housing finance reform can happen as soon as possible," said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WeG4JU.
I am proud to join millions of Catholics in celebrating the historic election of Pope Francis. Let us pray for the new Holy Father that he will lead the Catholic Church with strength and wisdom as he spreads the Gospel to all nations.
Terrific honor to join the Weyrich Awards Dinner this evening.
Excited to welcome the Nebraska National Guard Agribusiness Development Team No. 3 and the 43rd Operational Support Airlift Detachment back home to our state. We are very proud of these men and women who serve our country. Thank you for your service.
"Like" if you support my vote yesterday to defund ObamaCare. Under this costly law, Americans will continue to see their premiums rise, quality of care diminish, and job creation suffer. Americans deserve better.
I wanted to bring you up-to-date on recent efforts at gun control in the Senate Judiciary Committee of which I am a member. Here is a rundown of the gun control legislation the committee has debated and voted on.   1) Feinstein Assault Weapons Ban -- I voted NO. (Passed committee 10-8 and now goes to the full Senate)   The assault weapons ban didn't work then. It won't work now. I oppose it.   2) Schumer 'Universal' Background Checks -- I voted NO. (Passed committee 10-8 and now goes to the full Senate)   In 2010 we had over 13,000 fugitives from justice fail federal gun purchase background checks. Nearly 2,000 convicted felons actually ended up receiving a gun due to delays in the system. How many of those individuals were prosecuted and found guilty? Only 13. Why expand the system if we aren't prosecuting those who already fail background checks?   I also have concerns that implementation of additional checks could -- whether intentional or not -- lead to a universal gun registry. I have strong objections to a national gun registry.   3) Leahy Gun Trafficking Regulations -- I voted NO. (Passed committee 11-7 and now goes to the full Senate)   The legislation, as currently written, is vague, broad and could negatively impact law-abiding citizens. Among other things, it could regulate the time-honored tradition of a father or mother buying a gun as a gift for their child.   4) Boxer Safety Enhancement Act -- I voted YES. (Passed committee 14-4 and now goes to the full Senate)   The legislation does not directly affect gun control but does provide resources (i.e., metal detectors, surveillance equipment, and security training of personnel and students) to schools to prevent gun violence. I plan to offer an amendment on the Senate floor which will also make the funds available so schools, if they so choose, can hire armed police and resource officers.   While I do not claim to know everything about gun violence, I do know that a common-sense solution does not involve limiting the Constitutional Rights of law-abiding citizens. Instead, we should focus on enforcing current law and keeping guns out of the hands of those that shouldn’t have them.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham speaks at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC).
Obamacare is a financial and health care disaster for our nation.   I was proud to cast a vote today in support of Senator Ted Cruz's (R-Texas) amendment to defund Obamacare.
Air Force Academy selects students from Cedar Falls, Sioux City, Madrid and Keokuk
Senators Press for Answers About Detained Illegal Immigrants
Chairman of DOE-backed electric car firm resigns - The Hill's E2-Wire
IRS: The Jester of the Sequester
Colleges and Money
Happy to hear the talented Jamestown College Choir sing today from the steps of Russell Senate Building. They sounded great.
“The Keystone XL pipeline project is perhaps the most thoroughly studied and long-delayed project of its kind in U.S. history. The State Department’s favorable finding in its most recent report makes clear both the good environmental stewardship of the project and the need to begin construction without further delay. It will create tens of thousands of jobs, boost the American economy and raise hundreds of millions of dollars in revenues to help the federal and state governments address their debt and deficit problems without raising taxes. Further, it will help to put us within striking range of the long-sought goal of true energy security.”
Had the pleasure of welcoming these bright NDSU students to our nation's capital this morning.
I spoke with FOX & Friends this morning about the recent abrupt termination of the military tuition assistance program. Last night, Sen. Hagan and I offered amendment 72 to the Senate Continuing Resolution to stop its termination and prevent these funds from being decreased below the amount provided in the CR. Higher education is one of the top reasons why our men and women join and remain in our nation's all-volunteer military force. Let's cut Obama's green agenda out of the Defense budget instead -- that's more money than the entire cost of providing educational opportunities to our active-duty military. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgHJTvv8a7U&feature=share&list=UUk3W3ilX8vGG-300qzNpG7w
Senate Democrats need to stop claiming their budget includes $1.85 trillion in deficit reduction. It's false.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCd0EMpqkLA
We should measure success by how many Americans are receiving a check from an employer instead of the government. Like if you agree!
The Illinois and Mississippi rivers are the lifeblood of the Midwest's economic engine. At a time when the Army Corps of Engineers is facing severe funding shortfalls, we need to explore new ways to bring private support to our public assets.
My bipartisan, bicameral bill is the right approach to stop polluters from dumping sewage in the Great Lakes. We need to protect Lake Michigan, the crown jewel of the Midwest and the source of drinking water for millions.
We apologize for the technical difficulties that led to a delay in the start of my teletownhall.  It should be streaming live now if you want to participate: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
My "Let's Talk" Tele-townhall event will be starting in about an hour (7:00 p.m. MST).  Use this link to participate on Facebook: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
My op-ed in the Wall Street Journal today: "A Former POW on Vietnam, Four Decades Later" http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressOffice.OpEds&ContentRecord_id=69aed0d7-ba27-2825-e45d-fc24c9375d29&Region_id=&Issue_id=
Any Senator who votes for Senate Democrats' budget is voting for a $1.5 TRILLION TAX HIKE, the largest in the history of our country.
Today I sponsored an amendment to the Senate CR to reinstating the Tuition Assistance program for service members and make certain they receive the college education they deserve. Sacrifices in sequestration are to be expected, but the Administration’s decision to make immediate cuts to the welfare of those who serve this country with duty and honor is absurd.  The Tuition Assistance program gives our active-duty service members the quality education they deserve, and helps make certain our military has the best and brightest defending our freedom. The program also levels the playing field when members of the military return to civilian life.  We can and must be smarter with our spending decisions and make cuts in ways that do not intentionally and unnecessarily inflict hardship and aggravation upon our service men and women.
It was a pleasure meeting with Bill Gates this morning to learn more about the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and its efforts to address extreme poverty and poor health in developing countries. Specifically, we discussed the Foundation’s collaboration with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and private partners such as Rotary International to eradicate polio across the globe. As the Ranking Member on the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, I have the opportunity to help shape priorities of the CDC.  We also discussed international agricultural development as a means of fighting hunger and policies to grow high-skilled jobs in United States and enhance the global competitiveness of our nation.
As the Obama Administration prepares to engage in a new round of negotiations of the U.N. ATT in New York, I sent a strong message to the President yesterday: do not negotiate a treaty that would infringe upon the liberties and freedoms of American citizens.
Thrilled my bill to rename the Talkeetna Ranger Station in Denali National Park after Athabascan climber Walter Harper passed out of the Senate Energy Committee this morning.  Walter was the first to ever summit the mountain, and naming this station would be a great way to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of his accomplishment.
Just cosponsored bipartisan legislation to approve the long-delayed Keystone XL pipeline. After nearly 5 years of study, it is time to move this project forward.
In case you missed it, here is the speech I gave at CPAC earlier today: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3sSgGU2LSQ
The FaceBook generation can detect falseness and hypocrisy a mile away. They are the core of the 'leave me alone' coalition.  They doubt that Social Security will be there for them.    They worry about jobs and money, rent and student loans.  They want leaders that won’t feed them a line of crap or sell them short. They aren't afraid of individual liberty.   My CPAC Speech is happening now. Watch here:http://www.therightscoop.com/watch-live-cpac-2013/
"It's time for us to revive Reagan's law: For liberty to expand, govenrment must now contract. For the economy to grow, government must get out of the way."  Watch my CPAC speech live at 1:30pm ET --  http://www.therightscoop.com/watch-live-cpac-2013/
Just wrapped up a meeting with my friends from the City of Dodge City. Great to have Western Kansas in town today.
Had a great meeting with the folks from Hays today.  Really appreciate them coming out!
The Democrat budget raises $1.5 trillion in new taxes while our economy continues to struggle. This is not a serious proposal and the American people deserve better.
The Washington Post calls it "bureaucratic hostage-taking." What do you think about the decision to stop tours of the people's White House? http://wapo.st/13WY4ft
Encourage everyone to watch this video of Sen. Sessions getting the staff authors of the Murray budget to concede their phony figures.
The second day of the Senate budget mark-up is underway. In addition to the live stream below, you can also tune into C-SPAN 3.
I'll be going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 1030PM!
Getting ready to speak at CPAC! You can live stream at cspan.org.
I had the honor of welcoming to Washington Dylan Brown and Sarah Rudasill, Pennsylvania's two delegates to the Senate Youth Program. For their remarkable records of service, Dylan and Sarah were chosen among high school students from across Pennsylvania to join 104 delegates for a week in DC. They're also meeting the president, a Supreme Court justice and Congressional leaders. Congratulations and thank you for your continued interest in public service.
The USDA is considering buying 400,000 tons of sugar in a taxpayer-funded corporate bailout. This is unacceptable to me. What do you think?
We can make more sensible cuts in spending than severely reducing the Army’s operations and maintenance work. Ex: the DOD biofuels program, where taxpayers grossly overpay for fuel.  It doesn't make sense to waste money on inefficient, overpriced energy sources when we could use those same funds to help support critical maintenance services for the warfighter. I'm filing an amendment to do just this.
The Democrat budget proposal doesn’t balance, raises taxes over $900B, and grows government 4.7% each year. Take a listen:  http://youtu.be/-kppo_umj58
Yesterday, the Senate Budget Committee began work on the first budget plan from Senate Democrats in four years. Watch my opening statement here: http://youtu.be/7i3kiTKyuZ4
