My aunt Sheila and I survived the Wolf Hollow Half Marathon today in Nashua- fun, but cold!
Krauthammer: "a deal that is absurdly asymmetric: The West would weaken sanctions in exchange for cosmetic changes that do absolutely nothing to weaken Iran’s nuclear infrastructure."
CS Lewis: "Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron’s cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience."
Pletka: "In short, it is wrong to say Iran has given nothing; Iran has given something, but nothing that halts its progress towards a nuclear weapons capability."
NYT: "The deal does not roll back the vast majority of the advances Iran has made in the past five years… .                             *** It is also a major source of friction between the White House and two allies, Israel and Saudi Arabia, which have made no secret of their belief that they are being sold down the river.  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel has described the terms … as a “bad deal” that does not require Iran “to take apart even one centrifuge.”
On Fox News Sunday today, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, said Congress should hold the Obama administration’s “feet to the fire” over the interim deal with Iran to ensure it does not become a final agreement.  He also raised concerns about the interim deal granting tacit approval for Iran to continue enriching uranium, which violates six U.N. Security Council resolutions.  “Iran has consolidated their gains and have sanctions relief. I think all of us want to see a diplomatic solution here. I think it’s now time for Congress to weigh in because I think people are very concerned that the interim deal becomes the norm, and that’s why I've crafted legislation to hold the administration and the international community's feet to the fire over the next six months to ensure that this interim deal is not the norm.  But look, I think we all greet it with skepticism,” said Corker. http://youtu.be/SypuzSOQ0bc
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be on Fox News Sunday this morning to discuss the latest on Iran. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
UNI.                        Loyola.   UNI wins 3/2
Iran's track record of deception and refusal to abide by past international demands make me gravely concerned about this deal. Now is not the time to ease up on the pressure and turn the other way, allowing Iran to make further progress in achieving its goal.   Congress should pass additional sanctions so that if Iran breaks the agreement, President Obama can not only reverse the sanctions relief granted by this deal but immediately impose more sanctions. We must do everything we can to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.
Sometimes it’s easy to get caught up in the negative things or the things that bug us, but that’s why we have Thanksgiving: to catch up with loved ones and take a moment to reflect on all the good we enjoy – whether it’s our families, culture, abundant resources and incredible beauty.  I’m inviting Alaskans to take this chance to remind ourselves and one another about all there is to celebrate in our lives, so share what you’re thankful for here- in words, video, pictures or even music if you would like- and use #akthanks for posts on Twitter.  Today, I wanted to share how thankful I am for our men and women in uniform.
With Thanksgiving coming up in a few days, I think it's important to step back and realize how much good is out there for us to be grateful about -- which is why I'm starting the '#AKThanks' campaign and inviting Alaskans to vocalize and share what they are thankful for this year.  It's easy to get caught up thinking about the things we're frustrated about, but we shouldn't forget we're blessed. Alaska has great people, an optimistic culture, abundant resources and breathtaking natural beauty.  First and foremost, I'm thankful for my family.  What are you grateful for this year?
Fun to be with a die hard fan at OSU's historic 23rd straight win at the Horseshoe in Columbus. #GoBucks
Senator Rubio Comments on Iran Nuclear Deal: http://1.usa.gov/1jyizSW  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the announced Iran nuclear deal:  "This agreement will not 'freeze' Iran's nuclear program and won't require the regime to suspend all enrichment as required by multiple UN Security Council resolutions. By allowing the Iranian regime to retain a sizable nuclear infrastructure, this agreement makes a nuclear Iran more likely. There is now an even more urgent need for Congress to increase sanctions until Iran completely abandons its enrichment and reprocessing capabilities..."
Congratulations to Coach Bertie Landes and the Shippensburg University Lady Raiders field hockey team on capturing the NCAA Division II National Championship this afternoon!
