Enjoyed Skyping with Westminster College students studying National Security today. Here's the view from the classroom.
I spoke on the Senator floor yesterday about the Obama Administration’s intentional mismanagement of sequestration and needless FAA furloughs for air traffic controllers. This decision has caused unnecessary airport delays for travelers nationwide. Take a moment to watch my remarks and please share any stories about your own travel delays below.
Due to recent events surrounding the ricin mailings, there are lingering questions about the security of constituent mail and possible delays in its delivery. It is important to remember that amidst these unfortunate events, the mail screening system worked exactly the way it was intended to and everyone remained safe. Therefore, as a result of these developments, I encourage all North Carolinians to communicate with my office via our website, burr.senate.gov, or by sending mail directly to my Washington, DC office. As always, my staff will make sure that your letter gets to the appropriate person.
NA
We visited with the Jonesboro Chamber of Commerce during breakfast this morning. The Chamber is doing great things to promote job creation in the region.
NA
Enjoyed speaking to the Chambers of Commerce from the Inland NW Region in the Capitol.
Have you heard that I launched a new website this morning?  Below is a photo of the new homepage and a link to visit the new site.  I hope you will explore the site and check out the updated features.  Please let me know what you think. 
 www.crapo.senate.gov
Senator Collins met today with Glen Campbell, an iconic figure in country music who is suffering from Alzheimer’s disease, shortly before his daughter testified at a Senate Special Committee on Aging hearing to examine efforts to combat Alzheimer’s.    Glen, who received a Lifetime Achievement Award at last year’s Grammy Awards, performed a rendition of Lovesick Blues for Senator Collins.  Take a listen:
NA
KUHF Houston: Cornyn Says Flight Delays Are a 'Manufactured Crisis:'
VIDEO - Cornyn: Administration Desperate to Prove It Wasn’t Crying Wolf:
DMN: Cornyn Criticizes FAA, Proposed Border Security Standards:
PHOTO: Great speaking to small and community bankers from Texas earlier today:
Just voted No on moving to the Internet Sales Tax bill
Updated list of ways you can help West, Texas:
Great meeting with Texas Agricultural Lifetime Leadership yesterday:
Cornyn on #ObamaFlightDelays: "phony" and "contrived:"
In a New York Times op-ed today, U.S. Senator Bob Corker, R- Tenn., ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, notes the risks of “a chaotic collapse of the Syrian state” and says “American leadership…[is] likely to be the only thing that can tip the balance, help end the bloodshed and halt brewing threats to us and our allies.” http://nyti.ms/12HPEqf
Watch Sen. Corker during today’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing at 10:00 a.m. ET on the FY'14 foreign aid budget with testimony from USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah. http://1.usa.gov/Y47mES
Happy to work with anyone if it means we are protecting the constitutional liberties of American citizens, though disappointed the Obama Administration failed to even provide a witness after the drone hearing was pushed back to accommodate it.
CBS News took a look at the first few months of our fight to champion liberty and the Constitution in the Senate.    Hope you'll watch and SHARE the video:
Senator Barrasso and I and other senators are asking the EPA to stop its attempt to regulate water beyond what Congress intended.
Another day, another example of government waste. The Washington Post reports, the government will squander $890,000 this year on service fees for empty bank accounts. The article rightly notes: “There are plenty of problems like this one ... that make spending money seem easier than saving it." Agencies like the FAA should be looking to sensibly cut waste rather than furloughing critical personnel and unnecessarily delaying your flight.
Reform of student visa program missing in Immigr bill.  Reform needed to stop sham schools& fraud discovered after9-11.
I am concerned furloughs of air traffic controllers will negatively impact economic recovery in Nevada. The FAA should find other ways to slash spending.  http://1.usa.gov/11CK6fx
“Clearly, there is room in the DOT discretionary accounts to mitigate some of the $206 million reduction to air traffic controllers. America’s economy runs on transportation, including air travel, and delays like we’re seeing this week are disrupting commerce and causing real inconvenience for travelers. Our bill addresses the issue directly and in a bipartisan way by giving the secretary of transportation the flexibility he needs to prioritize his budget and put air traffic controllers back on the job for America’s traveling public.”
Met today with Braden Burckhard & Dr. Mikhail Bobylev of Minot State University.  Congratulations to Braden on being selected as one of 60 students to travel to Capitol Hill to present research he conducted as part of 2013 Posters on the Hill.  http://www.minotstateu.edu/news/000663.shtml
Majority Leader Harry Reid's amendment to offset sequestration for this year is budget cowardice on the backs of our warfighters. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-reids-amendment-is-budget-cowardice-on-the-backs-of-our-warfighters
I was overjoyed to learn of the release of Pastor Hamzah who was being held under false pretenses in a Kurdistan prison. Dr. Law worked tirelessly to help free Pastor Hamzah and it was an honor to be of assistance in this effort.  Pastor Hamzah's story though is all too familiar in the Arab region where Christianity is the minority religion and many believers suffer from imprisonment, physical abuse, or even execution in the name of so-called blasphemy laws.  As we celebrate Pastor Hamzah's release, may we also pray for our brothers and sisters in that region who are facing great persecution for their faith. http://youtu.be/sUUk9zX8-AM
The Armenian Genocide is well-documented as one of the 20th century's greatest crimes against humanity. I urge the President of the United States to recognize it.
Always appreciate hearing from the Naperville Chamber on ways to improve business in Illinois.
I commend Bakhtiyar Hajiyev's political activism in Azerbaijan and his commitment to democracy. Thanks for visiting my office.
“Over the years, I have heard from many Kentucky veterans asking that the United States government do all it can to ensure the safe return of any service members captured in the line of duty as they protect and defend our nation. I am honored to support my colleagues in this important commitment,” said Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell.
April 27 is DEA's National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day.  In coordination with local law enforcement and community partners, prescription drug collection sites have been set up in communities across the nation to provide an opportunity for individuals to dispose of unwanted and unused prescription drugs. Click the link below to find a collection site in your area.
This afternoon, it was good to visit with several bright, young students from Blue Valley West High School and their teacher, Mr. Aaron Anderson. The Jaguars are in Washington, D.C., as part of the Close Up Foundation Washington Program, which allows high school students to travel to the nation’s capital to learn more about how government works and the role they can play in democracy.
No business person would make the choice to cut the things that affect their customers the most – why is the White House making that decision? I visited with Neil Cavuto about this last night. You can watch my interview at the link below.
This week, The Big Red One is receiving the Exceptional Organization Safety Award from the Army Combat Readiness/Safety Center. Congratulations to the leaders and soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division for your commitment to improving the safety of soldiers who live and train at Fort Riley.
The clock is ticking to comment on Frankenfish.  Alaska, you have through Friday to speak out about Frankenfish to keep this science experiment off our plates.  Let’s leave 'Jurassic Park' creature gene-splicing to Hollywood.
 
 AP Photo/James Poulson/The Daily Sitka Sentinel
I couldn't do my job without some great people behind me.  Happy Administrative Professionals Day to my support team! Thank you for everything you do for me and for the residents of the great state of Alaska.
The TSA has delayed allowing small knives on airplanes, but Sec. Napolitano says it is inevitable.  With major delays already at the FAA and TSA, I am worried that this could make air travel more chaotic, and I want to make sure we look at this policy change very carefully.  What do you think- should we allow knives on planes?
Had a good dinner last night with my 20 fellow female Senators at the White House- good policy discussions over great Alaskan halibut.  I had originally planned on hosting the dinner at my house, but the President made the last-minute request to host us.  It’s a pretty basic concept: If we can eat together, hopefully we can work together better.
I reintroduced the CAREER Act today, renewing a push to make federal job training programs more responsive to the needs of the 21st-century job market. These measures will help connect the unemployed with good jobs and more effectively leverage taxpayer dollars.
Looking for work in the Mahoning Valley?  Energy sector growing quickly in Eastern Ohio. I'm hosting a jobs fair on Monday. Learn more here:
During my filibuster on March 6, 2013, I  argued that drone technology must be subjected to the same constitutional restrictions as traditional law enforcement.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1V8ky9tL1aE
My statement on the use of domestic drones:   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=779  "My comments last night left the mistaken impression that my position on drones had changed.  "Let me be clear: it has not. Armed drones should not be used in normal crime situations. They only may only be considered in extraordinary, lethal situations where there is an ongoing, imminent threat. I described that scenario previously during my Senate filibuster.  "Additionally, surveillance drones should only be used with warrants and specific targets.  "Fighting terrorism and capturing terrorists must be done while preserving our constitutional protections. This was demonstrated last week in Boston. As we all seek to prevent future tragedies, we must continue to bear this in mind."
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Immigration With Cavuto On Fox News: http://1.usa.gov/Y5dU67 VIDEO: http://bit.ly/11DoqQl
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Immigration w/ Hannity on Fox News: http://1.usa.gov/ZOxgH4
NA
NA
Had a great time talking with students from Palmetto Christian Academy from Mt. Pleasant and Legacy Charter School from Greenville this afternoon
Great to sit down with Congressman Trey Gowdy and Skype with Greer Middle College High School's US History class this morning!
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended the Schuylkill County Career Fair in Pottsville last week with Darlene Robbins, President of the  Northeast PA Manufacturers & Employers Association.
Even with the sequester in full effect, the Federal Aviation Administration has more money than President Obama originally requested in his 2013 budget. Was the White House already planning to cut air traffic controllers?
It was my pleasure to help 91-year old veteran Walter Czerviski get the medals he earned 70 years ago as a young sailor in WWII.
I’m proud to introduce, with Senator Bob Casey, Jr. and Senator Mitch McConnell, the No Service Member Left Behind resolution. The members of the armed forces are willing to give their all to defend our country, ensure our safety, and protect the principles of this great nation. I urge my fellow members of Congress to join me in supporting this resolution and reaffirming our commitment to leave no soldier, sailor, airman, Marine or Coast Guard member behind.
ICYMI, on Morning Joe today, I explained how, sadly, the White House wants flight delays and air traffic control furloughs to try to convince Americans that we can never cut spending. This isn’t true. Senator Jim Inhofe and I had a bill that allowed the president the flexibility to make these cuts in a less disruptive way. The senate should reconsider that bill now to fix these unnecessary delays.
I'll be on Morning Joe at 7:20 to discuss why these flight delays and air traffic control furloughs are entirely unnecessary and a willful choice by the administration to further a political agenda of convincing Americans that there aren't any circumstances under which we can ever cut spending at all.
Senator Wicker visits with a Mississippi World War II veteran at the Honor Flight event in Washington.
