NA
Happy birthday to President Reagan. His legacy of principled conservatism and his work to empower our nation by reducing the size of government will never be forgotten.
Happy birthday to President Ronald Reagan. His belief in the goodness of people and the greatness of America still inspires me today. I am honored to have known and worked with him.
News Release: President Obama will deliver his State of the Union Address next Tuesday night.  I plan to hear from Idahoans the following evening during my first tele-townhall of 2013.  From sequestration to the lack of a budget to much-needed tax reform, there are many challenges facing our country.  I welcome the opportunity to discuss these issues and appreciate input from Idahoans.
The president is required by law to submit a budget to Congress.  The deadline for it was Monday and many of us are still waiting.  This is the fourth time in five years that the administration’s budget proposal has been late.
Yesterday, I hit 2000 followers on Twitter. Are you following me? www.twitter.com/MikeCrapo
PHOTO: Enjoyed meeting with Chancellor Khator and others from U of H:
PHOTO: Enjoyed meeting with folks from the Bay Area Houston Economic Partnership today:
KTRE Nacogdoches: Sen. Cornyn Calls for Obama Admin. to Release DoJ Opinions on Drone Strikes
PHOTO: Pleased to speak to fellow Texans in town for the 9th Annual Texas Water Day:
PHOTO: Good catching up with my friend Todd Staples yesterday
Cornyn: "The self-described ‘most transparent Administration in history’ owes more of an explanation to the American people on why they can be targeted for execution abroad than legal fluff packaged for and deliberately leaked to the media.”
Cornyn Calls on White House to Release OLC Memos for Drone Killings:
Someone recently told me that, “We the People want majority rule in the Senate and filibuster reform now”. That would be bad for the country and especially bad for Wyoming. The Senate is the institution designed to protect the minority. If it ceases to function as such, then people who want the ability to live their lives differently than the majority wants them to are in trouble.
In his inaugural address January 21, President Obama called for a more active government. A more active federal government means individual citizens will have less room to be active in making decisions for themselves.
Senators Brown, Grassley press Justice Department on “too big to jail”
Are bankers are too big to jail?
Justice Department targets S&P - Jon Prior and Patrick Reis
Grassley: Make E-Verify checks mandatory for business
Lawmakers call for probe into 'botched' ATF sting in Milwaukee
GOP leaders challenge Obama's ATF nominee
Here's The Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Health care spending and the federal budget
Great to meet with these students from United Tribes Technical College, Fort Berthold Community College, Turtle Mountain Community College, Sitting Bull College and Cankdeska Cikana Community College today.
As the economic crossroads of America, Illinois should be the best place in the nation to locate and grow a business. While we may differ on many issues, Gov. Quinn and I agree that our brightest days are ahead of us.  To build a better future for Illinois families, our state leaders should be focused on solving our fiscal crisis, including unfunded pension liabilities, and not the next election. We have an incredible opportunity to right our fiscal ship and prove Illinois is without a doubt the best place in the nation to locate a business.
Since the Interior Department controls a majority of the land in our state, I am looking forward to participating in Sally Jewel's hearing to be the next Secretary of the Interior to see how she will ensure Utah's economic prosperity, maintain open access to public lands, and involve state and local governments in land-use management decisions.
McConnell: As working class Americans continue to face daunting challenges to provide for their families, I believe the federal government has an obligation to ensure every American has the right to choose whether they want to spend part of their paycheck to support a union.
McConnell: "As working class Americans continue to face daunting challenges to provide for their families, I believe the federal government has an obligation to ensure every American has the right to choose whether they want to spend part of their paycheck to support a union."
This afternoon I stopped by a medical research briefing hosted by FastCures and Friends of Cancer Research to learn more about how new medicines get from the lab to patients.  The panel was led by Director of the University of Kansas Cancer Center Dr. Roy Jensen (red tie), Director of the National Institutes of Health Dr. Francis Collins, Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Dr. Margaret Hamburg, and other experts in medical research and development.  Consistent support of innovative research partnerships with the nonprofit and private sectors are essential to saving and improving lives, growing our economy, reducing health care costs, and maintaining America's role as a global leader in medical innovation.
While the comment I received from Hutchinson resident Meredith is not uncommon, it proves that just as families find ways to cut spending and balance their budgets, so should Washington:  "My husband was laid off from Siemens Energy in Hutchinson on September 29, 2012. He was the last full-time employee laid off to walk out the door. We had to redo our budget so that our bills could be paid, food put on the table and deal with any emergencies that arose while he was unemployed. I expect the government of the United States of America should be able to accomplish this, as we did. You can't spend above and beyond what you actually have in your possession."  Share your thoughts on why fixing our fiscal house is an important part of the “Fight For Our Future.”
It was good to visit with Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, Vice President for Research Ron Trewyn, and Director of Governmental Relations Sue Peterson this morning. They even have this two-time University of Kansas graduate wearing purple.
These guys broke out the "America Needs Eielson" shirts from the last time the Air Force tried to shut down Eielson AFB in 2005.  I'm joining the Interior community in once again trying to stop it.
Hundreds of Interior residents turned out in the middle of the day for the first Eielson Scoping meeting in Fairbanks- a sea of red in support of keeping the F-16s at Eielson AFB!
Thanks to my staff and their tech abilities, I'm proud to livestream today's Eielson Scoping Hearings for everyone online. This site's video will go live at 12:15pm, AKT, or when the presentations begin.  We must get our point across that America Needs a Robust Eielson. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Social-Media
SEN. PAUL IN LIBERTY THIS FRIDAY: Sen. Rand Paul will be in Liberty, Ky. this Friday, Feb. 8 for a Business/Community Roundtable hosted by the Liberty-Casey County Chamber of Commerce. The event will take place at noon Eastern at the Central Kentucky Agriculture-Exposition Center (678 S. Wallace Wilkinson Blvd.) The public is invited to attend!
Today I addressed the need for restoring our founder's vision of foreign policy. You can watch the entire speech here:http://www.heritage.org/events/2013/02/rand-paul
This morning at 11AM EST, I will speak at Heritage Foundation where I will outline the need for a constitutionally conservative foreign policy. You can watch the live stream at this link.
A big thank you to Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, and Vice President for Research Ron Trewyn for the new K-State 150th Anniversary pin I'm sporting in the Senate today!
Senator Marco Rubio to Deliver Republican Address to the Nation on February 12: http://1.usa.gov/XoInFa
NA
Sessions will be appearing on the Richard Dixon Show at 2:15 p.m. CT.
NA
Wishing a Happy Birthday to President Reagan.
Relieved to know that everyone is safe after North Philly's gas leak.
Happy birthday President Reagan!
