Our hearts go out to the family and friends of John Durkin.  They are all in our thoughts and prayers during this very sad time.
NA
On set with @KPVI in Pocatello. #idpol
This afternoon, the UAW filed an appeal with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) on last week’s election at Chattanooga’s Volkswagen plant.  The workers at Chattanooga's Volkswagen plant spoke very clearly last week, so we are disappointed the UAW is ignoring their decision and has filed this objection. Unfortunately, I have to assume that today's action may slow down Volkswagen’s final discussions on the new SUV line. This complaint affirms the point many of us have been making: that the UAW is only interested in its own survival and not the interests of the great employees at Chattanooga’s Volkswagen facility nor the company for which they work.
What a great privilege to join the Texas State Rifle Association and celebrate their 95th anniversary!
Bruce and I will be cheering on Nebraska native Curt Tomasevicz and his teammates on the 4-man bobsled team. #TeamUSA
The administration’s proposal for more cuts to the Medicare Advantage program will hurt over 35,000 Nebraska seniors. Rather than receiving the care they were promised, thousands of seniors will now lose access to their benefits to support $308 billion in spending for ObamaCare. I call on President Obama to change course and keep his word to senior citizens, who face the prospect of losing their preferred doctors and paying higher costs for more limited care. "Like" if you agree - it's time to repeal and replace this mess that's hurting seniors and middle class families.
Peace in Ukraine Let's hope. America needs to stand w ppl who r supporting freedom and democracy. PresObama as our leader should so speak
Former Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko was convicted and imprisoned unjustly over two years ago, and I applauded the Ukraine Parliament on their overwhelming vote to decriminalize the charges against her yesterday. News now of her release is welcomed and long overdue, and will hopefully lead to further democratic progress in Ukraine. Yanukovich's departure would help ensure that all the hallmarks of a healthy democracy may be embraced like the right to assemble for peaceful protests and the freedom of speech. Ukrainians demand democracy and hopefully now democratic ideals like judicial transparency will flourish and political persecutions will be at an end. http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/02/22/ukrainian-ex-premier-tymoshenko-freed/
The First Amendment protects free speech and freedom of the press. I am pleased to see the FCC is backing off a study that would seriously impact this important right. Thanks to FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai for his leadership.
Check out my weekly column on my bill that passed the U.S. Senate and takes needed action to protect Ohio's freshwater resources. 
