Due to the government shutdown during the first few weeks of this month, I am extending the application deadline for the internship program in spring of 2014. Students wishing to apply for a position within my Washington, D.C., office or regional offices throughout Idaho will now have until November 15, 2013, to submit an application.  The internship experience provides students a unique opportunity to learn about Congress and the legislative process.  To learn more about internships offered through my offices and access application materials, click the link.
Cornyn Voices Concerns Over DHS Nominee:
POTUS acts like he is not part of it when he says "that the public has grown 'fed up' with its government"
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: On Wednesday, Senator Corker voted for H.R. 2775, a bill to prevent default, temporarily fund the government and maintain the spending reductions in the Budget Control Act. “It is beyond belief that Congress chose to pursue an effort that had no chance of success and wasted time that could have been spent putting in place spending reforms that will make our country stronger. But I do consider it a victory that we forced adherence to the Budget Control Act spending restraints, which for the first time since the 1950s, have caused us to reduce total government spending for two consecutive years,” said Corker. “There’s much more work to do to get on a path to fiscal solvency, and I look forward to continuing that important work.” The Budget Control Act, passed by Congress and signed into law in 2011, helped reduce total government spending for two consecutive years. It will cause non-emergency discretionary spending to be decreased from $1.090 trillion in 2011 to $967 billion this year. In an interview on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” yesterday, Corker discussed the path forward to getting our nation’s fiscal house in order. Watch here: http://bit.ly/1ewFOvX.
Jim DeMint is absolutely right: We won't back down on Obamacare. #MakeDCListen
Remember when President Obama promised to lower everyone's insurance premiums? For many Americans, Obamacare raises them instead. #MakeDCListen
Latest debt limit deal was a wasted opportunity to apply reasonable constraints to impossibly high future spending, but the president and Senate majority knew they had the politically stronger position and refused to negotiate. They got more spending, but there was no plan to solve the problem. I didn’t want to vote to raise the debt limit without a plan to decrease the deficit. I have a penny plan that would get us out of deficit spending in two years but no ideas like that were even considered.
Sorry to hear about death of former Speaker Tom Foley He chaired Ag Comm when I came to House Diff party but good legislator, Speaker
Had good conversation today about tort reform at CouncilBluffs Chamber w 35-40 area biz
Lots to do in Senate Should be in session Need 2 be working on debt/deficit, farm bill, etc.
I was happy to join Governor Scott Walker in welcoming home the B Battery 1st Battalion Field Artillery Unit! God bless you and thank you for your service!
The White House will be reopening for limited Public Tours of the East Wing and Executive Residence. Please contact my office if you plan on visiting D.C.!
I have received many questions about what is happening with #immigration reform in Congress.  I wrote this op-ed with Senator Jeff Sessions to explain various approaches Congress could take.  I hope you can read and share this article, so the American people can know what to watch out for as the House decides what it plans to do with the Gang of 8 bill.
"We've got to launch this website to find out what is in it"
It’s great to be back in Kansas, and today I helped the Allen County Regional Hospital (ACRH) celebrate its grand opening. The new, 60,000 square foot facility replaces the aging downtown hospital which was constructed in 1951. ACRH is a 25-bed Critical Access Hospital and in addition to a variety of services offered, it provides improved access as a one-story building featuring a helipad for air-ambulance service.  The completion of ACRH is promising for the future of Iola and Allen County. Thanks to Karen Gilpin and David Wright for giving me a tour of the new facility, and congratulations to the Chairman Harry Lee, Jr. and the Hospital Facilities Commission on a job well done. Here, I'm pictured with the Iola Register Editor Susan Lynn.
It's snowing this morning in Hays. If you're on the roads be sure to travel safely. Visit www.kandrive.org to monitor road conditions in Kansas.
I am spending this Alaska Day afternoon at the Alaska Women's Summit talking about the amazing things women leaders are doing and leading with love.  It's not all rosy - we still have some tough statistics we need to overcome: suicide, education, affordable housing, and so much more.  I know we can come up with some solutions if women work together to move our families, communities and nation forward.
"Eight stars of gold on a field of blue…" so happy to be spending this Alaska Day home in Alaska with Alaskans!  If you’re in Sitka today, stop by the Alaska Day Festival:
Government is spending more money than it brings in. My weekly column: Preventing the Coming Debt Crisis
Obamacare will "work" (only if you consider bankrupting America "working"). My column in today's Washington Times: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/oct/18/paul-another-shutdown-stickup/
Hope to see you tonight from 5-7pm at Bowling Green High School for the annual chili supper benefiting Purples Soccer
Opening government has not resolved the big picture — a debt problem so large that it dwarfs all deadlines and threatens the very fabric of the nation.   Read my entire Washington Times Op-Ed HERE: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/oct/18/paul-another-shutdown-stickup/#ixzz2i4u5zheC
Senator Rubio Statement on Religious Freedom Ambassador Vacancy: http://1.usa.gov/H5xUP2  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement on the State Department’s religious freedom ambassador vacancy:   "The resignation of Suzan Johnson Cook, the State Department’s Ambassador-at-Large for international religious freedom, presents an opportunity for President Obama to commit to making international religious freedom a top priority.   "I was disappointed that it took almost 18 months for the President to nominate Ambassador Cook for this important post, which was created by Congress in the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. This Ambassador heads the State Department’s Office of International Religious Freedom, which monitors religious persecution and discrimination worldwide and publishes the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom that evaluates the status of religious freedom in 95 countries throughout the world.   "Religious minorities, especially Christians, are increasingly under attack in places such as Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Iran, North Korea and elsewhere. I urge the President to fill this vacancy very quickly with a highly qualified individual who will fight to protect this God-given right wherever it is threatened around the globe."
Sen. Sessions statement on DHS nominee:  “ICE officers report that ‘violent criminals are released every day back into communities,’ and they even sued the DHS Secretary herself over the non-enforcement directives they have received. USCIS caseworkers report that they are being forced to ‘rubber stamp’ immigration applications. Enforcement has collapsed, officer morale has plummeted, and the integrity of the entire immigration legal system is in jeopardy.   Mr. Johnson will have to demonstrate the following to the Senate: • A commitment to achieving management control of this sprawling department and its law enforcement duties. • A determination to restore the depleted morale of immigration officers who have been blocked from doing their jobs. • A resolve to enforce the laws of the land, and a repudiation of the far-reaching non-enforcement protocols issued by the prior DHS Secretary.   This nomination should focus the attention of the Congress and the country on the open refusal of DHS political appointees to impartially execute their law enforcement mission.”
Excerpt from the Daily Caller article on ICE Officers reporting abuses at DHS:  "'Officers are currently forced to apply his DREAMer orders to detainees in prisons and jails,' [ICE Officers’ National Council President Chris Crane] said… He further lamented that while ICE officers requested a meeting with Obama eight months ago, they still have yet to meet — even as the president have met with big labor, big business and pro-amnesty activist groups...  'All over the country, Americans are struggling to find work,' [Sen. Sessions] said. 'It is unthinkable that the President would continue to lobby Congress on behalf of special interests in order to double the flow of immigrant workers into the country, as bills in both the House and Senate propose.'"
Our debt passed $17 trillion today - $6.5 trillion in new debt since January 2009. This crisis-to-crisis governing and bandaid budgeting must stop. We have to start thinking long-term like American families and businesses.
NA
Today, my Central Pennsylvania Field Representative Frank Mazza presented a certificate to Dr. Paul Reinert, Principal of Wycallis Elementary School in Dallas, PA which was recently recognized as a Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education.  Congratulations to the faculty and students of Wycallis Elementary School for this terrific achievement!
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, speaks with attendees at the 3rd Annual Senior Citizens' Expo in Forks Township.
"They're canceling my policy," he said. "That's not something that was supposed to happen under #Obamacare."
