On pending Corker-Hoeven amendment, "Meissner called the approach “detached from the reality on the ground,” saying it would make more sense to invest in creating “a modern 21st-century border, which includes enforcement but also trade and travel and facilitating crossing and reducing waiting time.”John Whitley, a former DHS planner, said one problem is a lack of reliable DHS data to show which border-security measures have worked. Whitley, senior fellow at the Institute for Defense Analyses, said, “We should look at what we’re trying to achieve — at the outputs instead of the inputs. Otherwise, seven years from now we’ll be sitting around saying we don’t know which bits work and which bits are wasteful.”
No CBO score by vote time?: The lack of a CBO score of Corker-Hoeven is troubling. The amendment makes sweeping changes to mandatory spending in the bill, largely by boosting general fund transfers from $8.3 billion to $46.3 billion. It empowers the Secretary to unilaterally raise penalties/fees to help cover these costs. More discretionary funding may be needed to finance new border security measures and employment verification. New restrictions on benefits may alter mandatory spending in the bill.
Double counting Corker-Hoeven savings: proponents claim it reduces the deficit by $197 billion/10 years, and have used this number to justify the large spending increases, about $50B. But this requires double-counting $211 billion in “off-budget” revenues that will be needed to pay for Social Security benefits when the newly-legalized retire in the future. In other words, this revenue can either pay for new spending in the bill/reduce the deficit, or pay for entitlements in the future, but it can’t do both (without writing the Social Security Trust Fund an IOU). A more accurate accounting of the base bill shows that it will increase the on-budget deficit by at least $14.2 billion over the next decade.
Senator Corker released a statement today clarifying misleading reports that Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano would not be required to build an additional 350 miles of fencing along the southern U.S. border under the Hoeven-Corker Border Security amendment:
 
 “I don’t know how to make it any clearer. If the Hoeven-Corker amendment becomes law, ten years must pass and there must be 700 miles of pedestrian fencing and 20,000 additional border patrol agents along the southern border before a Green Card is issued to those with RPI status. Reports that say otherwise are misleading,” said Corker.  
 
 Section 3 of the Hoeven-Corker amendment makes it clear that before RPIs can adjust to lawful permanent resident status, the Southern Border Fencing Strategy must be implemented, putting in place “no fewer than 700 miles of pedestrian fencing”.  The limitation in Section 5 states that DHS has some discretion in WHERE the fencing gets constructed as it drafts its strategy. Section 5 does not reference and therefore does not limit the requirements in Section 3 to establish 700 miles of pedestrian fencing. 
 
 The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb de facto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits. Read more about the amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/132d2SG.
The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb defacto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits. Read the facts here: http://1.usa.gov/14pOmPG.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" this morning to discuss his amendment with Senator John Hoeven to bolster security on the nation’s southern border. See below to find the station and time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
NA
Sessions: "This bill grants amnesty first and a mere promise of enforcement in the future, even with the Corker-Hoeven amendment, all of which has been put in now on a 1,200 page [bill] we’ll vote on Monday afternoon that no one has read… These promises of 20,000 agents won’t take place and are not required until 2021… It [even] has a specific provision that says the Sec. Napolitano does not have to build a fence if she chooses not to… And CBO concludes that the legal immigration will be dramatically increased… Why would any Member of Congress want to vote for a bill, at a time of high unemployment [and] falling wages, to bring in a huge surge of new labor that can only hurt the poorest among us the most?”
