Like many of you, I've been busy trimming the tree, doing some last minute shopping, and wrapping those last few gifts.  And with two young kids at home, I can't wait for Christmas morning.  It's always an exciting time at our house.    But Christmas is about so much more than presents under the tree.  It's a season of giving and goodwill. And it's a special time to reflect on our many blessings as Americans.  We're fortunate to live in the greatest nation on Earth.  And I'm especially grateful to our brave servicemen and women for giving us the greatest gift of all - our freedom.  As they serve far from home this holiday season, they and their loved ones are in our prayers.  As 2014 comes to a close and we look forward to the new year, may your holiday be filled with the blessings of family, friends, and faith.  From my family to yours, I wish you a Merry Christmas and a happy, healthy New Year.
A holiday message from Senator Collins.
Purple Heart ceremony at Fort Sam Houston for Staff Sgt. Steven Tessitore, wounded in Afghanistan in November. My solemn thanks to this humble warrior who said, upon being presented with the medal, "No one in their right mind would want a Purple Heart." He accepted it on behalf of his unit-- fellow soldiers who he said are the reason he is here today.
Fort Sam Houston Warrior and Family Support Center's Annual Christmas Luncheon
Having some fun baking #Christmas cookies today with Jane. Merry Christmas everyone!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Ron & Jane!
Only by listening to members of Illinois' diverse communities can we get our country back on track and restore prosperity in Illinois.   Take a look at this #YearInReview video and check out the full 2014 serving local communities report on my website: http://kirk.senate.gov/2014inreview/illinois
For more than 50 years, NORAD and its predecessor, the Continental Air Defense Command (CONAD) have tracked Santa’s flight.  To all those who take part in the magic of the holiday season: Merry Christmas!
At the crossroads of the nation, local communities in #Illinois are the economic engine that makes our country run. Take a look at my #YearInReview with 13 of the ways we served local communities during 2014:
I traveled across #Illinois working for you this year, and I have never been more optimistic about the potential of our great state. I hope you’ll take a look at this #YearInReview report of just some of the ways I worked on your behalf during 2014:
Honored to spend this Christmas Eve with our troops in Afghanistan - please keep them in your thoughts and prayers this holiday season. Merry Christmas!
NA
I had the privilege to distribute gifts to clients at Bean's Cafe' in Anchorage recently. Bean's Cafe' has been feeding the hungry in the area for decades. Being there is a stark reminder that so many in our community are not enjoying the warmth of a home and family this Christmas. I just wanted to take a minute to thank those of you who have shown so much love and generosity for those in your community.
From my family to yours, we'd like to wish you a very Merry Christmas! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k9h5QyPBtNQ
Franki and I wish you a very Merry #Christmas and a Happy New Year!
2014 in Review: I strongly believe that those closest to a child are in the best position to make decisions on their education, and that when parents have a choice in education, kids have the best chance of success.   Check out some highlights in my fight for school choice here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/2014-review-supporting-school-choice#overlay-context=blog/2014-review-preserving-40-hour-workweek
To all the men and women in our nations military, Merry Christmas and happy New Year.
