ICYMI: In Thursday’s Daily Caller, Caroline May wrote: “Alexander led a group of 39 GOP senators in calling on the White House to explain what at least 21 federal agencies are doing to help implement the Affordable Care Act. ‘We write to ask for information about the activities being undertaken by twenty or more federal agencies with no responsibilities under the President’s health care law in the implementation and promotion of that law, specifically about what the agencies are doing, what funds the agencies are spending, and what authorities the agencies are using.’” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that the White House owes you an explanation. http://bit.ly/14c9GY3
Happy #LaborDay, North Carolina
Privileged to join w/my friends Reps. Carter & Williams to intro Honoring Fort Hood Heroes Act. Bill rightly declares attack as act of terrorism & ensures victims and families receive same benefits as those in combat overseas.
Headed back to D.C. tonight for WH meetings on Syria on Tuesday.
Headed to Ft Hood Monday
12664 people have considered questions they would ask POTUS about his request for congressional authorization for use of military force in Syria.  How about you?
Sen. Corker today made the following statement regarding hearings on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week to consider legislation authorizing the use of U.S. military force in response to the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons in Syria.  “Congress’s role in U.S. military force has too often been abdicated to presidential authority, so I look forward to a vigorous debate on this important authorization,” said Corker.  “The American people deserve to hear more from the administration about why military action in Syria is necessary, what it will achieve and how it will be sufficiently limited to keep the U.S. from being drawn further into the Syrian conflict.  Now that the president has decided to use force and seek authorization, he must immediately use every resource appropriate in making his case to the public before this potentially defining vote in Congress.” http://1.usa.gov/1a0EKOS
The right to vote is a fundamental building block of our democratic process, and it’s critical that we uphold the integrity of our elections:
Throughout our history, Americans have been recognized all over the world for their work ethic and optimism. This Labor Day, let's commit ourselves to restoring that image.
 
 Republicans, Democrats, conservatives, independents, and progressives should unite to create more jobs and opportunities. That begins by defunding and repealing Obamacare, the biggest job killer in modern history.
 
 Once we defund and then repeal Obamacare, American businesses can get back to business, and American workers can get back to building the American dream. There is no reason that it cannot once again be "morning in America." The American people know what needs to be done; Washington just needs to listen.
 
 We are Americans. We know how to get a job done. But first, there must be jobs to do.
 
 God Bless America.
There is concern in Tel Aviv and celebration in Damascus --  which is exactly backwards.
FACT: Obamacare will grant even MORE power to the IRS. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obama decides to not enforce marijuana laws in 2states  It is nullification by prioritization.Obama will learn like Calhoun:unconstitutional
ObamaCare? Will it work? Read"tmseditors@tribune.com" oped "UK's national health service experience should be warning to US" BritsWait4month
I am deeply saddened by the tragic death of Draper City Police Sergeant Derek Johnson.  My wife, Sharon, and I are praying for the family and for our law enforcement community as they begin to cope with this loss.  Days such as this are a reminder of the commitment, courage and sacrifice so often displayed by those who protect and defend our neighborhoods and cities.
Robba and I enjoyed participating in Hoisington’s Labor Day celebration this morning, which attracts Kansans from across the state. Thanks to the students who walked with us and to the Hoisington Chamber for the invitation.
The Hoisington Labor Day Parade begins!
While in Western Kansas today, I also stopped by Rooks County Golf Club for a wedding reception for Will Ruder and his new bride, Elizabeth. Will is my staff member for banking and energy issues.  While in town, Robba and I brought cake to the Rooks County Health Center Cafeteria in honor of long-time family friend Gary Hick's birthday. None of the folks pictured are patients at the hospital - just those who cook and serve meals as well as community folks who take advantage of the good food served in the cafeteria.  Tomorrow, I'm visiting Hoisington and Chapman for their Labor Day celebrations. Robba and I look forward to being with you - thank you for the invitations!
Today I enjoyed celebrating Natoma’s 125th Anniversary at their annual Labor Day celebration with a chili feed and gospel music festival. Events like these are a great way for me to visit with Kansans on the issues affecting their lives, businesses and rural community.
Happy #LaborDay, and thank you to the hardworking men and women from Oconee to Beaufort to Horry and everywhere in between!
