This is inexcusable. The men and women who sacrificed for our nation — our heroes — deserve so much better.
“My body is in prison, but my soul is free.”
The devastation in Pilger and throughout northeast Nebraska is beyond heartbreaking. Amidst this tragedy, though, are quiet acts of courage – neighbors battered, but not broken. I found a symbol of this resilience in the empty footprint of Eric and Mary Von Seggern's home – a simple sign that said "family." The roof, walls, and contents of the house were gone, but the sign remained. Despite the destruction of buildings, the bonds of community and family remain unshaken. Nebraskans are strong, and our neighbors in northeast Nebraska are among the strongest. With our help, they will rebuild; they will recover.   My sincere thanks to the Red Cross, NEMA, and the hundreds of Nebraskans traveling to lend a hand to their neighbors during this challenging time. My staff and I will continue to remain in close contact with Governor Heineman and local officials to determine how to best provide government assistance.
This morning I walked Manhattan's Linear Trail, which runs along the Kansas river.  Earlier in the weekend, I was in north central Kansas. I appreciate the folks who attended my town hall in Smith Center, and it was good to talk health care with Doyle McKimmey and hospital staff at Jewell County Hospital in Mankato. Before boarding the plane back to Washington, D.C., tomorrow, I will be visiting with EJ and Ellen and callers on 98.1 FM KMBZ. I encourage you to tune in or listen online.
The Missile Defense Agency had a successful test over the Pacific today! Congratulations to the MDA's leadership team and all their scientists for ironing out the technical issues that caused previous failures.  I look forward to working with them to expand Fort Greely’s capabilities and leverage Alaska’s strategic location for the protection of our entire nation. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=279a635c-f774-401e-8577-9cc4324ad9f9
Fun to do the 11.5 mile kayak race for the 13th Annual Paddlefest this morning to raise awareness for the Ohio River.
ICYMI: Rubio discussed the threat ISIS advances in Iraq pose on U.S. security during an interview on CBS' "Face the Nation"
http://www.al.com/opinion/index.ssf/2014/06/congress_must_stand_up_for_vic.html
Less than 30 minutes until kickoff between #USAvsPortugal. Looking forward to a great effort from the #USMNT.  #1N1T #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #WorldCup
