A special message for New Hampshire National Guard members as they serve far from home and their loved ones this holiday season. On behalf of the people of New Hampshire, thank you for your dedicated service to our nation.  Merry Christmas and happy holidays!
"Even more fundamentally, the EPA, like every administrative agency, is constitutionally forbidden to exercise powers Congress never delegated to it in the first place. The brute fact is that the Obama administration failed to get climate legislation through Congress. Yet the EPA is acting as though it has the legislative authority anyway to re-engineer the nation’s electric generating system and power grid. It does not."
As Christmas approaches, we celebrate the most precious gift, that in the humblest of circumstances, Christ came to save the world. We pause to remember that night in Bethlehem, and to give thanks for the blessings the Lord continues to bestow upon each of us.  Across the Lone Star State, Texans are sharing the hope of the season.  From Waco’s Christmas Toy Store filling more than 2,700 kids’ trees with presents, to the Harlingen’s Salvation Army clothing 1,000 children; From Eveline Rivers Christmas Project delivering 12,000 books to families in the Panhandle, to Santa’s Workshop bringing gifts to 3,200 children at Fort Hood, these are just a few examples of the communities in our great state that have come together to care for those in need.  Their generosity, and that of millions of other Texans across the state, is a powerful example of Christ's faithfulness in times of need. It is also an important reminder, as Mark 10:45 says, that "even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many."  I hope and pray your Christmas season is filled with joy and restful time with family and loved ones. May God bless you, may He continue to bless our great state of Texas and the United States of America.
As we come to the end of the year, it’s time again to look back and be thankful for all the wonderful moments that we were blessed to be a part of. It’s been a challenging year at times, but things are looking up for our country. As Diana and I prepare to celebrate the holiday season with our family in Wyoming, we send you and your family our best wishes for the Christmas season and the coming New Year.
ICYMI: Visited the 12 News studio to discuss #Cuba policy with Lin Sue Cooney 12News last night
The 82nd class of Omaha Jaycee Ten Outstanding Young Omahans has been announced. The winners this year are among some of the brightest and most dedicated Omahans around. Proud that these civic-oriented winners will be the next generation of leaders to serve the Omaha community. Visit the Omaha World-Herald article to get to know the ten winners from this year:
NA
Had a great time on my NDSU greenhouse tour with Dr. Acevedo earlier today. Thanks for your dedication and innovative work.
I'll be joining The Pat Campbell Show in studio tomorrow in the 7AM Central hour. You can tune in at KFAQ or live online at: http://www.1170kfaq.com/listen-live
I applaud Congress for ending the year by providing American Airline employees with the opportunity to rebuild their future retirement without penalty from the federal government. American Airlines employs more than 5,800 Oklahomans, many of which will be able to benefit from this new law that I authored with Sen. Sherrod Brown.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sens-inhofe-brown-praise-signing-of-american-airlines-bill-into-law
If there is any single group of people in the entire country whose equal opportunity to pursue happiness we should make sure to protect, it is our ultimate entrepreneurial and investor class: America’s moms and dads. The family has emerged as perhaps the most important institution in our economy.  It is an incubator of economic opportunity, an indicator of economic success, and grows more economically important every day.
My final stop yesterday was in Stafford County at the Courthouse Annex in St. John. Topics of discussion ranged from concerns with Obamacare and access to rural health care, to the Marketplace Fairness Act and the importance of agriculture to our state. Thanks again to everyone who came out to visit with me this as you prepare to celebrate Christmas with your families. And thank you to the Stafford County Kansas Farm Bureau for hosting me. I have several upcoming THs next week and I'd like to visit with you. Please check my website at http://www.moran.senate.gov to find out when I'll be in your community.
While we are in the season of giving, let’s remember that Alaskans give in many ways year-round, including giving through teaching or coaching. I really liked this look at Alaska’s State Writer Laureate, who has made a lot of Alaskans better writers and teachers through hard work and commitment.
Inspired by the Toys For Tots campaign and our Ohio Marine reservists with the 3rd Battalion, 25th Marines. Learn how to help: http://bit.ly/1d8BcKR
I was so glad to be able to visit with soldiers of the Big Red One in Kuwait and Iraq. Here I got the chance to thank the families of our soldiers for their sacrifice. I know it is especially tough when your loved ones are abroad at the holidays. Thank you for all you do to support them.
Having a great time passing out presents at MUSC's pediatric ER today. The strength and courage of the kids and their families is absolutely amazing.
2014 in Review: Supporting small business and protecting taxpayer dollars are vital parts of my job.  Check out some awards I received for my work in those arenas this past year. http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/2014-review-awards#overlay-context=blog/2014-review-preserving-40-hour-workweek
Imani Johnson of my #Philly office met with members of Clarifi to learn about their "Sharpen Your Financial Focus" program. It provides free financial services for service members, #veterans, and their families. I look forward to continuing our relationship and advancing the financial goals of our veterans!
