NA
Another brazen power grab by the Obama Administration. I’ll keep fighting EPA’s attempts to take over private property.
See February 10th’s update -> Another day, another delay. #stillbroken 
NA
Despite the coordinated efforts of the United Nations, African Union and our own military advisors, wanted warlord Joseph Kony’s exact whereabouts remain a mystery. The President’s announcement that he is deploying additional personnel in an advisory capacity to provide technical assistance to regional forces working to capture Kony and senior LRA commanders hopefully will increase our chances of solving that mystery. Read about this announcement by following the link below. 
It was great to meet with St. Louis Catholic School students of Batesville this afternoon in the Capitol
Today’s announcement is great news for Lafayette and the entire state. This facility will significantly contribute to the Hoosier economy and bring high-paying jobs to Tippecanoe County. I am thrilled that GE Aviation – a company that has and continues to be a leader in technological innovation – has put its faith in Indiana’s future and our highly-skilled workforce.
I stand with Hobby Lobby and similar organizations affected by the Obama administration’s mandate. Freedom of religion is a core American principle, and we cannot pick and choose when to adhere to the Constitution and when to cast it aside in order to achieve political prerogatives. I hope the Supreme Court will strike down the administration’s mandate and rescind this attack on religious freedom.
It is clear that two things do not matter to President Obama – deadlines and red lines. Whether it is health care or foreign policy, this administration continues to show a lack of resolve that is baffling. The latest Obamacare delay is just further evidence of why individuals should receive the same exemption the administration already has given to businesses. All Americans deserve the same protection from this law’s mandates.  The goal of policymakers – Republican and Democrat – should be making health care more affordable and increasing access to quality care. Obamacare has failed to meet this goal, and it should be a priority of Congress to protect all Americans from a law that is failing to live up to its promises. I am working with my Senate colleagues to push for alternative solutions to replace the failing parts of Obamacare with real reforms that would benefit Hoosier families.
NA
Today, the Environment and Public Works Committee held an oversight hearing of the Environmental Protection Agency’s fiscal year 2015 budget.  The hearing comes one day after the EPA announced, and I strongly objected to, an expanded definition of waters regulated under the federal Clean Water Act (CWA)—a decision that, if implemented, would further restrict the private property rights of Americans.  In my opening statement today, I expressed concern that the agency has proposed funding reductions for programs that enjoy bipartisan support while increasing funding for programs and initiatives that remain controversial.  The EPA’s FY 2015 budget proposal clearly advocates the continuation of policies that create more harm than good in protecting our environment. 
It was great to meet with Boise Mayor Dave Bieter, Boise Airport Director Rebecca Hupp and Idaho Adjutant General Gary Sayler in my Washington, D.C., office with fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch recently.  Senator Risch and I are strong supporters of the National Guard in Idaho and are working hard to ensure it can continue its excellent service to our state and nation in the future.
Senators Collins and Bill Nelson (D-FL) held a Senate Aging Committee hearing today examining Medicare fraud and how best to protect seniors and taxpayers.  You can watch the hearing here:
On American GI Forum Anniversary, Sen. Cornyn Introduces Resolution Honoring Founder Hector P. Garcia: 
VIDEO - Cornyn: Democrats Have Given Up Legislating:
Cornyn: Democrats Should Focus on Creating Jobs, Not Saving Their Own:
Cornyn: Another Day, Another Delay:
Senator Corker is participating in a hearing today about U.S. policy to resolve the conflict in Syria after recent peace talks in Geneva failed.  Vali Nasr of Johns Hopkins University will testify on the need for a new U.S. diplomatic approach to end the conflict, which U.S. intelligence officials say is now a direct threat to the U.S. homeland.  Watch it live: http://1.usa.gov/1m6wa6J.
Jailed opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez has asked for supporters around the globe to raise their voices on behalf of those being persecuted as they protest for freedom in Venezuela.  Even though he has been detained for more than a month, he has managed to get the word out through the New York Times — through the freedom of the press we enjoy here in America — about the desperate situation in his country and the increasingly brutal methods Nicolas Maduro and his Cuban accomplices are using to silence dissent.  Mr. Lopez' call for the restoration of civil society and basic human rights commands our attention — and his bravery in continuing to speak out even from his prison cell commands our respect.  He is right, "To be silent is to be complicit."  The Venezuelan people deserve better than to be forced to endure a skyrocketing murder rate, a 57% inflation rate and shortages of the basic necessities of life.  And they do not deserve to be summarily incarcerated — and even murdered — when they protest for a more free and prosperous way of life.  Free Leopoldo Lopez now. #SOSVenezuela 
#HobbyLobby #SCOTUS showdown, more delays, increased costs, and more in the Obamacare News of the Day. #FullRepeal
Delays and exemptions for nearly everyone else, but the Obama Administration continues to force #HobbyLobby and others to violate their faith. Unacceptable. 
Good NYT article -- yes, you read that right -- capturing the incentive-destroying impact of high taxes and regulations on entrepreneurs and small businesses. 
Get your brackets ready! My Elite 8 of Waste Tournament tips off tomorrow. Vote here on Facebook of on Twitter using #8ofWaste.
NA
After the Nebraska Breakfast this morning, I met up with a big group of Nebraska high school students participating in the Close Up Foundation’s program that connects students with their elected representatives. Had fun answering their questions and talking about some of my experiences in Washington.
Yesterday, I met with FFA and 4-H representatives from Nebraska for National Agriculture Week. We had a great discussion about ag policy. It was wonderful to meet with young people engaged in agriculture and see the future of this vibrant industry in Nebraska.
Senator Grassley welcomed Dr. Daniel McClure of Washington, Iowa, as the Senate Guest Chaplain today as McClure opened the Senate with a morning prayer. McClure currently serves as the National Chaplain of the American Legion.  It’s customary for American Legion National Chaplains to serve as the Senate Guest Chaplain during the organization’s annual conference in Washington, D.C. Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=48923
Senator Grassley says this news story about the need for children’s advocates in Northwest Iowa is a good reminder of the ongoing need for these volunteers all over Iowa and the United States. According to the experts, “the Court Appointed Special Advocate Program recruits, trains and supports community volunteers to serve as an effective voice in court for abused and neglected children, strengthening efforts to ensure that each child is living in a safe, permanent and nurturing home.” These advocates make a big difference for kids in the foster care system, and Senator Grassley appreciates their invaluable service. Read more at www.CASAIowa.org or http://tinyurl.com/ydtr527
It was an honor to meet Sharon Landsberry, Alisa & Andrea this morning. No doubt, Michael Landsberry was a courageous patriot. http://1.usa.gov/1lmpMeh
More photos from today's meetings with North Dakota high school students studying in Washington.
I always enjoy meeting with students visiting Washington, D.C. to study our government, and today I was pleased to meet with several North Dakota high schoolers as they toured the Capitol.
 Seeing how Ukraine and the European Union are dependent on Russia for energy, our delegation saw firsthand the importance of energy security. Projects that boost North American energy production like the Keystone XL pipeline are a key not only to creating jobs and a dynamic economy, but also to keeping our nation and our people safe. The bottom line is – energy security is national security.
The EPA does not know the full cost of its existing regulations, yet it continues to create and implement new ones to the determent of job creation and economic opportunity in the U.S. This is why I introduced the EPA Employment Impact Analysis Act to enforce accountability and transparency in the EPA for the sake of our nation’s future prosperity and energy security. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-bill-to-enforce-epa-to-report-job-losses-caused-by-rules
Do you know what putting off the Obamacare deadline will do to premiums? Avik Roy in Forbes does. http://t.co/rLY5QL5sYn
Obamacare puts off a deadline, as if that will help. http://t.co/vpuFS1Uzvh
Do you know what the 4 stars on the #Chicago flag represent? That fact and 49 others about Chicago from BuzzFeed:
Last year an amendment I introduced as part of the National Defense Authorization Act was adopted to clarify that unless it could have an adverse impact on military readiness, unit cohesion, and good order and discipline, the Armed Forces should accommodate individual expressions of belief.  The instance cited in this story reflects why this amendment was needed.  It appears we have a ways to go towards ensuring that the religious liberties of our military personnel are protected in these instances.
It was wonderful to catch up with Norcatur, Kansas, native and Cadet Jacob Helm who was in Washington today with members of the American Legion. Jacob and I first got acquainted when I nominated him to the U.S. Air Force Academy in 2010, and it's been a pleasure to stay in touch during his time there. Our country is fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country through the Armed Forces.
Great article about Toby Rush, founder and CEO of internationally acclaimed EyeVerify, who learned a lot of life lessons growing up farming in Severance, Kansas.
This morning, I told Sec. Jewell I would do everything in my power to get the life-saving King Cove road built, and that the health and safety of the people of King Cove is nonnegotiable.  Afterward, I stood with residents of the community to explain the gravity of the situation to Lower 48 reporters.
From Hulk tie to a Hulk scarf, I brought a little Uncle Ted to today’s hearing with Interior Sec. Sally Jewell.
Enjoyed meeting with members of the Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber during their annual visit to Washington today. We discussed economic development initiatives as well as transportation and infrastructure issues, including the Brent Spence Bridge Project.
MUST-READ: 'Law enforcement in the United States Armed and dangerous'   http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21599359-no-knock-raids-assault-weapons-and-armoured-cars-americas-police-use-paramilitary-tactics-too
I am encouraging all Kansans to weigh in on newly proposed regulations from the EPA. Farm ponds, dry creeks, and all water – storm – rain – ground, simply should not be regulated as if they are the Missouri River.  Kansans should weigh in now to make sure common sense prevails. Make your voice heard at http://www2.epa.gov/uswaters   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=7c836a1e-1908-4185-814c-65b1fb59ec7a
I want to thank the American Ambulance Association for awarding me with a 2013 Star of Life Award. Our paramedics and ambulance drivers are on the front lines everyday helping Americans in their time of need. It is an honor to represent them and work with them in the United States Senate.
Yet another Obamacare delay, announced by the "most transparent Administration in history".....at 8:00 pm last night. Nobody is surprised. Obamacare just doesn't work for America. We have to repeal and replace it. In case you are losing track, here is a list of delays that underscore the many problems with the law. http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/obamacare-affordable-care-act-105036.html?hp=f2
Senator Rubio Addresses Northwest Florida Defense Coalition During Annual D.C. Visit: http://1.usa.gov/1iATzfG   “Northwest Florida is home to some of our nation’s most important military installations. I want to ensure that Florida remains the best state for our military to train and our soldiers, airmen, sailors and Marines and their families to call home,” said Rubio. “Additionally, I believe that providing for our national defense and protecting the American people is the most important function of the federal government. It is my hope that Congress can work to reverse some of the damaging defense budget cuts that have adversely impacted military readiness, training and procurement at a time when the world is more uncertain than ever.”
Sen. Sessions released a report today exposing DHS’ unprecedented dismantling of immigration enforcement. You can view and share the report at the link below. Sessions’ comments on the report follow:  “The evidence reveals that the Administration has carried out a dramatic nullification of federal law. Under the guise of setting ‘priorities’, the Administration has determined that almost anyone in the world who can enter the United States is free to illegally live, work and claim benefits here as long as they are not caught committing a felony or other serious crime. This applies not only to illegal immigrants who entered through the border, but those who enter on a visa and overstay.  American workers and taxpayers are entitled to the protections our immigration laws afford, yet the Administration has suspended these protections, producing lower wages and higher unemployment.  Congressional Democrats have empowered this state of lawlessness. It falls on the shoulders of Republicans to reverse it—and to rescue the rule of law for the American people of today and tomorrow. More information will be shared in the coming days, in light of the administration’s call to expand these unlawful directives even further.”
Miss South Carolina and Miss Louisiana dropped by the office for a visit this afternoon--
Thanks to the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area Hispanic Chamber of Commerce for visiting me in Washington today!
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference." Happy birthday, Robert Frost.
A brief history of Obamacare delays... http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/obamacare-affordable-care-act-105036.html#ixzz2x4aHD0tt
I want you to know that I am doing everything in my power to delay and repeal Obamacare. In the 113th Congress, I have joined my colleagues in introducing numerous bills that repeal all or part of the President's health-care law. Click on the link below for more information.
All across the federal government, agencies are making tough decisions to rein in the country’s spending. But I would rather help communities with safe drinking water and clean air than put funding of dubious value into carbon dioxide regulation in the name of climate change.
Another Day = Another Delay
