Billy Manning, of Derry, is bicycling across the country this summer to benefit the Wounded Warrior Project.  More info & ways to support him here: http://bit.ly/18FS0Yh
Missourians, stay safe this evening. Several reports of severe weather across the state and the region.
For more than four centuries, Maine has led the way in conquering the sea, from building the great sailing vessels of the past to the most advanced ships in the world today.  Our state is again leading the world by turning the powerful offshore winds in the Gulf of Maine into a new era of clean, renewable energy and economic opportunity and jobs!
photo by Jeff Kirlin
The Completely Awesome San Antonio Spurs
WSJ: "At the same time the Internal Revenue Service was targeting tea-party groups, the tax agency took the unusual step of trying to impose gift taxes on donors to a prominent conservative advocacy group formed in 2007 to build support for President George W. Bush's Iraq troop surge."
Honored to meet the courageous Debbie Smith at Harris County Institute for Forensics Sciences yesterday where we discussed the Justice for All Act.
We should restore IRS to its core function: "Shulman’s visits reflect the challenge of running an agency designed to be apolitical but that is increasingly charged with implementing policies tied to political agendas on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue."
I will be at gala tonight in cedarRapids  for opening of new USCellular convention center   I will b one of 3 or four short speeches
Ran 5k at MyWaterloo Days this Morning- strong turnout despite weather.  Ran 35:30 by my watch
Private First Class Cody J. Towse, one of Utah's finest, was killed last week when his patrol was hit by an improvised explosive device in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.  I would like to thank PFC Towse for his honorable service in defense of the Constitution and our freedom.  I would like to convey my condolences and profound gratitude to Cody's parents, Jim and Jamie, his brothers Will and Christian, and his sister Callan.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you.  It is my solemn hope that we will always remember the tremendous sacrifice, laid upon the altar of freedom, of our brave soldiers and their families.
Yesterday, I gave remarks at Fredonia Rotary Club's weekly meeting and discussed the Farm Bill, health care and immigration reform. I always enjoy the opportunity to visit with fellow Rotarians—thank you for the invitation.
Finally! The chicken fried steak I remember as a kid when every town's restaurant served a great one. Enjoyed mine at Puffy's Steak & Ice House in Maple Hill.
So honored the Naniaq Alutiiq Dancers performed for me in Old Harbor.  Beautiful dancing in an absolutely beautiful setting!
Great to meet so many of the Lowcountry's first responders at the Emergency Expo in North Charleston today. These men and women run towards danger to protect us all.
