Tune In: Sen. Alexander will be on Hallerin Hill's Knoxville radio show tomorrow at 8:05 a.m. ET to discuss what's going on in Congress. Listen live here: http://newstalk987.com/showdj.asp?DJID=40735
Senator Ayotte hosted a reception last night in honor of the 40 New Hampshire students she has nominated to attend one of the nation's military service academies.  Congratulations to all of these outstanding students -- you represent the very best of New Hampshire!
Listen to my interview with Bill LuMaye where we discuss the fiscal cliff vote and the importance of establishing permanent tax rates for American families.     http://www.wptf.com/goout.asp?u=http://billlumaye.blogspot.com
NA
We'll be taking part in a Digital Town Hall on www.4029tv.com from 1pm – 2pm central. You can join the conversation.
This is an important step in our efforts to maintain a flying mission in Fort Smith. Gen. Welsh has heard us tout the capabilities of the 188th Fighter Wing. Now, he will have an opportunity to see first-hand how the most cost effective Air National Guard unit in the country partners with the other assets in Ft. Smith to provide a variety of capabilities. We look forward to showcasing the value and resources our air base provides to our national security.
Go Irish!
I am profoundly sorry for the pain and embarrassment that I have brought to my family, to Idahoans, to my church, to my colleagues in the U.S. Senate and my staff, to anyone who has placed their trust in me.  I am also deeply appreciative of those who have reached out to me over the last few days with messages of encouragement, support and forgiveness.  These words mean more to me and my family than they can ever know.  I will work hard to regain the trust of my family and Idahoans.
NA
Senator Mike Crapo released the following statement following his appearance in court this morning. – Staff
Senator Collins joined law enforcement and FairPoint Communications today in Bangor to raise awareness of a telephone scam targeting Maine seniors.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jan/3/benghazi-threat-level-was-flashing-red-on-911/
Senator Collins greeted the UMaine women's basketball team today in Washington.  The team is playing games in Virginia and Maryland.  Go Black Bears!
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNUlzSTOSxc
Roll Call: Cornyn, Conservatives Say Partial Govt Shutdown Possible in Debt Standoff
Washington Times: GOP increasingly ready for government shutdown
Paul Ryan on why he voted for "fiscal cliff" bill
Sen. Jon Kyl on lessons learned from distinguished service in the House and Senate
Cornyn: Partial Government Shutdown May Be Needed to Restore Fiscal Sanity
Cornyn: "May be necessary to partially shut down the government in order to secure the long-term fiscal well being of our country"
My op-ed in today's Houston Chronicle: Obama must engage Congress
Benghazidebacle demands more answers and accountability
If WH says we hit the debt ceiling on Dec. 31st, why did Harry Reid adjourn the Senate for 2 + weeks, insuring another last minute crisis?
Senator Corker, who was elected overwhelmingly to a second term in November, was sworn in yesterday for a second term as the 113th Congress convened in Washington. Corker joined fellow senators in the Senate Chamber to take the oath, administered by Vice President Joe Biden. Following the official swearing in, senators participated in a reenactment with their families in the Old Senate Chamber. Corker’s wife, Elizabeth, watched from the Senate gallery as Corker was sworn in and joined him for the reenactment. “I am grateful for the tremendous privilege Tennesseans have given me once again to represent them in the U.S. Senate and to weigh in on the big issues facing our country. We face historic challenges that require both parties to work together, the most significant of which is dealing with our fiscal issues by reforming Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid so they are solvent for the long haul. I am more energized than ever and remain committed to offering meaningful solutions for these and other important issues,” Corker said. http://youtu.be/Nmhe6JRK8jo
Below is a link to a video of my floor speech earlier this week regarding the possible end of the filibuster as we know it, and the need for all of us to work together to solve America’s pressing issues as the new year unfolds. We need to start legislating and stop deal-making.
As many of you know, Wednesday was officially my last full day representing the Sixth District of Arizona. Yesterday, I begin serving the entire Grand Canyon State as its new Senator. I want to thank all of you who participated in the many conversations had on this page over the last few years. I greatly appreciate your thoughts. To continue our interactions, look for my new Senate page in the next few weeks. Thank you again. Now, onward!
Tim Scott is well-prepared for the tasks that lie ahead and will hit the ground running in the U.S. Senate. He is a strong fiscal, social and national security conservative. Tim is also one of the most decent people I have ever met in politics.   I look forward to working with him as part of an effective team protecting the taxpayer, getting our nations fiscal house in order, and protecting our state’s interests.
Pres/Cong need 2work on Wash spending prob. No time 2waste b/4 Mar. Pres promised tax hike is done. Now he needs 2keep promise 4 less spend
Grassley urges President, Congress to get to work on spending problem
Iowa Congress members differ on deficit fixes
Grassley says Obama needs to show leadership on budget issues
NA
Looking forward to serving on Banking and Veterans’ Affairs Committees and continuing to advocate for the Great State of Nevada.  http://1.usa.gov/WcdxPt
Our nation’s unemployment number remains far too high and Nevadans are continuing to struggle. With the debt ceiling looming dangerously close, Washington’s failure to act right now will result in devastating consequences for Nevada’s families and businesses. Earlier this week, I supported a bipartisan plan to make tax relief for the middle class permanent. Now, Democrats and Republicans must come together and put a stop to excessive spending. Reining in spending is the only way to lay the groundwork for economic opportunity for future generations. By working together, I am confident that we can propel this country to a time of greater optimism and success. http://1.usa.gov/S9nuCp
Definitely an interesting read. Tark is a legend.
It was an honor today to receive an unanimous vote by my Republican colleagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee to be their next Ranking Member in the 113th Congress: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=0779b300-f4eb-2acd-e1ec-fcf8329ea988
"In other words, the substance of the fiscal cliff deal is an endorsement of our failed status quo, with tax hikes on small businesses and working families thrown in for good measure.  Unfair and anti-growth -- this is what Washington calls a 'balanced approach.'"
In a few minutes I will join America’s Newsroom on the Fox News Channel to discuss the 'fiscal cliff', the debt ceiling, and the need to get serious about cutting federal spending to reduce the deficit.
Thanks so much to Diane Sawyer for interviewing the women of the 113th Congress, and giving us the chance to share our views and insights about working together to move the country forward. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=54aa955b-db81-4c50-845d-0a921f20403a
The wildcats had a tough loss to end a great season. Safe travels to Wildcat nation making their way back home.
http://blog.al.com/live/2013/01/alabama_indiana_senators_make.html
Sens. Shelby and Coats place a friendly wager on the College Football National Championship Game:  http://shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=48da3283-edf3-4076-b197-ca3eb9603528
"The Budget Committee is tasked by law with producing a budget each year. Sadly, the majority party has refused to fulfill this legal requirement in our nation’s hour of need... I hope our new Chairman will bring up a budget as required by law and as Republicans have repeatedly insisted. This should be a prerequisite for any reforms that are tackled this year."
My temporary Washington, DC office is located in 117 Hart Senate Office Building for the next 30-60 days. We will also be updating http://scott.senate.gov with new information over the next few days and weeks. I look forward to hearing from you!
I'll be On the Record with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10PM on Fox News.
Media Mayor Bob McMahon came by to discuss the Veterans National Education Program, a standard American military history elective in middle schools and high schools for Pennsylvania and the country. It is so important that our young students learn about the sacrifices our veterans have made so that we can live freely and securely today. Thanks for your leadership and hard work on this, Bob.
