NA
Looking forward to visiting Formula One in Austin today
More and more Americans are beginning to realize that they were sold Obamacare on false pretenses. Those responsible for saddling the country with this law, including the law’s chief salesman, President Obama, are scrambling to dodge growing public resentment. The laws creators are coming up with “fixes”, but I caution the buyer, beware.
Nebraskans are feeling the full effects of Obamacare: cancellation letters and soaring premiums and deductibles. Thousands of Nebraskans have written my office to share their experience with Obamacare, and I remain committed to delaying this law for all Americans.
NA
I was happy to deliver the GOP Address this week - you can watch it here:
Did you like your health insurance plan but lose it because of #Obamacare? The Thompsons from Bloomington, who own and operate a family farm, had their plan cancelled. Share #YourStory here: http://1.usa.gov/1b6Sc1R
The president's announcement yesterday that he is going to rewrite #Obamacare, yet again, is too little, to late.  His proposed changes won't undo the damage this law has caused.  Every time this law is rewritten, either by the Supreme Court or the President, it becomes even more impossible to implement.  The sooner Senate Democrats recognize that this law cannot be fixed, the sooner we will be able to work together to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a market-driven, patient-centered alternative that empowers individual Americans to purchase health insurance based on their own personal needs and preferences.
It was good to be in Hays tonight to join entrepreneurial students and community members at Western Kansas' first Startup Weekend. Startup Weekend Hays is hosted by Fort Hays State University's College of Business and Entrepreneurship, and the event demonstrates that entrepreneurship is more than a Silicon Valley issue. Best wishes for a successful weekend ahead.
Terrific win for Penn State Football today!  Great to see Adam Breneman score his first TD in a Penn State uniform.  #WeAre
