Today’s Hobby Lobby ruling by the Supreme Court is an important victory to protect Americans’ fundamental right of religious freedom. Americans should not be forced to choose between giving up their business for their faith or giving up their faith for their business. I applaud the Court’s decision today, which simply affirms the fundamental religious freedom that Americans have enjoyed for more than 220 years. #HobbyLobby #SCOTUS
Had busy day in the River Valley. Met with local officials in Logan County and then over to Fort Smith to get and update on the Marshals Museum and tour Cooper Clinic where we discussed health care issues.
NA
This nation was founded on the right to freely practice one’s religious convictions. Americans shouldn’t have to abandon those protections simply because they own a business. And yet, that is exactly what the Obama Administration tried to force on businesses like Hobby Lobby and Conestoga under this mandate. Thankfully, the Justices thought otherwise and preserved the right for business owners to object to overbearing government mandates that would violate their religious beliefs.
Freedom of religion is a core American principle guaranteed by the First Amendment, and today the Supreme Court affirmed that this administration cannot pick and choose when to adhere to the Constitution. Employers like Hobby Lobby should not be forced to take actions contrary to their moral and religious beliefs. While I celebrate today’s ruling, religious freedom remains under attack across our country. Whether it is faith-based Hoosier food banks and homeless shelters or the University of Notre Dame, we are seeing the free exercise of religion constrained and restricted in too many instances. I will continue to stand up for these fundamental rights.
A few photos from today's ribbon cutting at the new women's clinic at the Togus VA Medical Center.
June 29th, 2014
Cornyn Response to President’s Immigration Announcement:   “It’s painfully clear that the President’s previous “administrative” or executive actions on immigration resulted in the current humanitarian crisis in Texas. Given the current crisis on the Southern Border, how can the President consider more pen and phone policy changes that will lead to another surge of illegal immigration and put more lives in danger?"
June 29th, 2014
Cornyn Statement on Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Case:  “Today’s decision is a victory against Obamacare’s unprecedented overreach into our daily lives and the Administration’s disregard for the freedom of religion that Americans cherish. All Texans and Americans have the right to practice their religious beliefs without obstruction from the federal government, and today’s decision by the Supreme Court affirms that Obamacare does not trump those fundamental rights.”
The brutal murder Hamas carried out of three innocent Jewish teenagers is a terrorist-led atrocity that demands justice. While we lift Gilad Shaer, Naftali Frankel, and Eyal Yifrach and their loving families up in prayer, we must also act. Hamas is, unequivocally, a terrorist organization with blood on its hands that must be condemned on the world stage.   There should be no path forward for Hamas to have any role in any future government formed by the Palestinian Authority, and no nation should accommodate, legitimize, or negotiate with this group that engages in the killing of innocent civilians. The Palestinian Authority should immediately renounce Hamas and actively work to expel Hamas from civil society. The United States should stand unequivocally with the Nation of Israel as it responds to this brutal terrorism and acts forcefully to protect its people.
ALL of Obamacare's mandates are wrong for America. Repeal it all! #FullRepeal #SCOTUS #HobbyLobby
Today the Supreme Court handed our nation a landmark victory for religious liberty.   The decision affirms that Americans, contrary to what the Obama Administration attempted to impose, have a right to live and work in accordance to their conscience and can’t be forced to surrender their religious freedom once they open a business.  This ruling is a repudiation of the Obama Administration’s untenable position that people with sincerely held religious beliefs should be forced to comply with an unconstitutional mandate while a parade of waivers, exemptions, and delays are granted for purely commercial and political interests.  In making this ruling the Court relied on the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which was passed with broad bipartisan support, proving the strength and necessity of the legislation and showing the nation the effectiveness members of Congress can have when they work together to protect religious liberty.  Certainly, the struggle for religious freedom will continue, as cases made by hundreds more plaintiffs will wend their way through the courts. The right to religious liberty, as enshrined in the First Amendment, remains under an incredible assault by this Administration on a variety of fronts. But, with this decision, I am hopeful that the courts will also work to safeguard the religious liberty for non-profits, such as the Little Sisters of the Poor and others, just as the Supreme Court did today for private businesses.
SHARE if you stand with Hobby Lobby and for religious liberty too! #SCOTUS
The Supreme Court ruled in favor of religious liberty today in the Hobby Lobby contraception case. I am pleased the court affirmed that Americans have that right to make their own decision on this issue.
On this somber anniversary, we remember the 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots who ran into – not away from – an inferno, sacrificing themselves to protect the lives and homes of their neighbors. These brave souls are personification of the guts and selflessness that our state and our nation are built on; and they remain exemplars of all that is good, and brave, and decent in men. They are today, as always, in the thoughts and prayers of the citizens of Arizona.
NA
Somebody tell bloomberg News that their format for "TopNews" is awful. I assume u r suppose to read it.
In Dickinson to host a roundtable with area veterans to ensure they have quality, timely health and long term care services closer to home. 
The Green family has built a successful business based on principles that are rooted in their deeply held faith. Today the Supreme Court ruled to protect those principles and the religious liberties of private employers. ObamaCare's mandate that employers provide abortion inducing drugs to employees violated the conscience of the Greens. Instead of succumbing to enormous financial penalties for failing to comply, the Green family stood strong in their faith and successfully fought against the intrusions of the federal government and preserved their right to religious freedom. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-hobby-lobby-ruling
I am grateful the Supreme Court recognized that individuals do not surrender their religious freedoms when operating a business.  This decision also places important restraints on the ‘fourth branch’ of government — the unelected bureaucrats in the executive agencies.  -rj
Every year, 100,000 children are at risk of being trafficked against their will in the United States.  Learn more to help: http://kirk.senate.gov/notforsale #NotForSale
Today's decision in Burwell v #HobbyLobby marks an important victory for religious liberty. Americans do not shed their religious freedoms merely by going into business.  The Court's ruling upholds and strengthens the rights of individuals and the rule of law, while protecting the Constitution.
One year ago today, 19 courageous wildland firefighters gave their lives battling the Yarnell Hill Fire in Yavapai County, Arizona. It was a staggering loss that still pains our state and nation today. The Yarnell tragedy is a grim reminder of the grave risks our firefighters take every day to protect our lives and property in Arizona and across the nation.  I hope all Americans will keep in their thoughts and prayers the Granite Mountain Hotshots and their families and loved ones who miss them so dearly. They are American heroes that Arizona can call her own, and their sacrifice will never be forgotten.
I continued my Statewide Listening Tour this afternoon in Cottonwood Falls at the Chase County Courthouse. Thanks to the 20 residents who came out to share their thoughts and concerns with me on issues including the impact of bank overregulation on the housing market, grasslands burning and the EPA, job creation and communications needs in rural Kansas. It was good to visit with everyone, including Kansas Veteran's Home Superintendent Steve Dunkin, Dr. Leo Pauls of Emporia and Rick Wilborn of McPherson.
It was an honor to take part in McConnell Air Force Base's KC-46A Groundbreaking today in the Air Capital of the World. The event was to prepare for the arrival of the new refueling tankers at McConnell, and was a reminder that a strong national defense is critical to the security of the United States.  The upcoming arrival of the new KC-46A tanker fleet at McConnell will also translate into an economic boost for the community as each phase of preparation is completed. I am grateful the Air Force understands the value of air mobility assets in Kansas. I will continue to work with Air Force leadership to make certain the KC-46A delivery process runs as smoothly as possible. Thanks to Commander of Air Mobility Command Gen. Darren McDew for taking part in today's ceremony.
Since our nation’s earliest days, the U.S. Supreme Court has consistently affirmed our First Amendment right to exercise our religious beliefs freely. Today’s Supreme Court decision rightly rejects the federal government’s intrusion into an individual’s religious liberty. This ruling protects religious practice beyond places of worship without harm to others. I applaud the Supreme Court’s decision. 
Enjoyed meeting Madelyne from Kent, Ohio who visited last week with Akron Children’s Hospital. Ohio’s children’s hospitals provide unmatched medical care to kids like Madelyne, and I’ll continue to support them in my work in the U.S. Senate.
Pleased the Court ruled in favor of religious liberties in today's Hobby Lobby case. 
Today, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of religious freedom by taking a stand with Hobby Lobby.   Religious liberty will remain intact and all Americans can stay true to their faith without fear of big government intervention or punishment.   Our nation was founded on the principle of freedom, and with this decision, America will continue to serve as a safe haven for those looking to exercise religious liberty.
It was an honor to join the amazing men and women in our Air Force today to officially mark the exciting, hard-fought, and well-deserved decision by the Air Force to name McConnell Air Force Base the first Main Operating Base for the next generation tanker, the KC-46A.
I'll be on KFDI radio in Wichita today at 1:45 pm central to discuss the new KC-46A tanker mission at McConnell and other news. Listen Live here: http://www.kfdi.com/listen-live/
Every American has a right to the free exercise of religion guaranteed by the First Amendment to our Constitution. This right has been upheld time and again by the Supreme Court over the last 200 years. I applaud the Court for upholding this fundamental principle of our nation in their decision on the Hobby Lobby case.  Kansans join millions of pro-life Americans in celebrating this victory, especially at a time when the Obama Administration has said it will circumvent the Congress to enact its agenda. The Court’s ruling has affirmed that they cannot circumvent the Constitution. 
Looking forward to Celebrating the KC-46 Groundbreaking at McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita this morning.
Rubio Comments On Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Decision: http://1.usa.gov/1me0Fv2  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today released the following statement after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby and religious liberty:   “A key part of the American Dream has always been the ability of our people to freely practice their faiths without government interference. ObamaCare’s mandates have threatened to change this and, in doing so, erode the American Dream as we know it and our people’s ability to live it. The Supreme Court has correctly recognized that ObamaCare’s trampling of religious liberty in the Hobby Lobby case should not stand.   “ObamaCare was written and passed with a clear disregard for the reality that millions of Americans are inspired by their faiths in all aspects of their lives, including the way entrepreneurs manage their businesses. In America, no one should be forced to violate their religious beliefs if they wish to run a business.    “The Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby decision is a re-affirmation of America’s commitment to religious freedom and a reminder of why ObamaCare is such a flawed law that needs to be entirely repealed and replaced.”  
"I am glad to see that the Supreme Court rightfully recognized that religious liberties don't end when a family owns a business. Today’s decision is a victory for the American people and a rebuke of Obamacare's attempt to undermine our constitutionally guaranteed right to religious freedom." 
Sen. Sessions commented today on the Supreme Court’s ruling in the Hobby Lobby case:  “Hobby Lobby is a family business that objected to a federal government mandate requiring them to pay for drugs like Plan B and Ella, which they argued was a violation of their pro-life religious views. Today’s ruling is an important step towards restoring the religious freedoms that the President’s health care law suppressed. And it is yet another rebuke for an Administration that does not recognize the limits on its power.”
I am pleased that the Supreme Court today upheld all Americans’ rights to be guided by their faith, both in their personal lives and in their professional ones. #HobbyLobby  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-supreme-court-ruling-uphold-religious-freedom-all
I talked with WIS yesterday on my efforts to push for answers from the VA. With two brothers in the military, I know full well the sacrifices made by our veterans and their families, and will continue working to ensure they receive the quality care they have earned.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLYAHFUOWtc
In Harrisburg today, I met with #Alzheimer's families & advocates to discuss our shared, on-going efforts to fight this tragic disease. Thanks to all those who came out for your dedicated support!
It is great news that the Supreme Court has ruled that closely held, for-profit businesses are entitled to religious protections and exempt from the #Obamacare mandate.This is a win for religious liberty. I am grateful for Conestoga Wood Specialties' leadership in challenging this ill-conceived mandate. I congratulate them on the success and the relief this Supreme Court decision will bring for many closely held corporations that choose to follow their religious beliefs.
Americans should not be forced to decide between their faith and their health insurance. Today’s decision is a victory for the First Amendment and the religious freedom it guarantees to every American.
Wicker Report | Capable and ready workers are a major factor when businesses look to invest and locate in Mississippi. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act can help build this workforce – and draw high-paying jobs to the state – by fostering training that responds to skills gaps in the labor market.
