IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out Politico Pro’s article, “Alexander Hails Tennessee Move on Common Core,” on Senator Alexander’s response to Govenor Haslam’s decision to put the state’s K-12 academic standards, including Common Core, to a public review, which Alexander says “will ensure that Tennessee families’ best interests come first, instead of the wishes of distant Washington bureaucrats.”   Sen. Alexander has introduced a bill, the Every Child Ready for College or Career Act, that would “end the National School Board and return decisions over standards and curriculum to states and local school boards will allow Gov. Haslam and the state of Tennessee to have 100 percent control over what Tennessee’s academic standards are.”   Read the full article here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=4ca5151b-4bee-4fc9-95bc-24bd9fa0a418   http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=4ef4e7de-1d0f-41e8-b79c-544c7194d73d
NA
NA
Spending the day at Pope Airfield – got to watch our uniformed men & women in action, everything from a cargo drop to aeromedical drills.
This week I visited the Iredell Statesville Schools Career Academy Automotive Center. I had a great time meeting with students and Administrators – thanks for having me!
Larry Wilson of Bella Vista was one of four veterans honored at our medal presentation ceremony this afternoon. We are grateful for their service.
NA
NA
NA
People came in from Placerville to attend our town meeting at the Boise Basin Senior Center in Idaho City. Thank you all for attending! #Idaho
The members of Idaho's Congressional delegation understand the importance of agriculture to our state’s economy and to our nation’s security.  I was honored to receive the 'Friend of Farm Bureau' award along with my colleagues, Mike Simpson, Jim Risch, Rep. Raúl R. Labrador. #Idaho
Thanks to the City of Fruitland for hosting the town meeting at City Hall. #Idaho
Idahoans attending the town meeting at the Weiser Senior Center were concerned about out federal spending and our multi-trillion dollar federal debt.  Thank you for coming to share your concerns! #Idaho
Best wishes to Nina Pham as she returns home to TX & Amber Vinson in her recovery.  All of our TX nurses deserve our thanks and support.
Cornyn Invites VA Secretary to South Texas to Meet with Valley Veterans:
Diwali’s message of tolerance and compassion is one that all Americans can appreciate. As our friends in the Indian community here in Texas and around the world come together to mark the Festival of Lights, Sandy and I send our sincere wishes for a joyous and prosperous new year.
It's time we drop the illusion that these latest terror attacks are random acts of senseless violence unrelated to our national security.
Sad: the UN has now shown stronger support for the Hong Kong protestors than has the US.
Obamacare was unworkable from the start, is unfixable now, and must be fully repealed. #FullRepeal
The United States stands unshakably with our close allies as we continue the long fight against the enemy who does not distinguish between our countries. We empathize with their losses as they are our losses as well.  Ultimately, our solidarity and shared commitment to the defense of our way of life is the source of our strength.   As Prime Minister Stephen Harper said today, such episodes only "lead us to strengthen our resolve, to strengthen and redouble our efforts to work with our allies around the world and fight against the terrorist organizations who brutalize those in other countries with the hope of bringing their savagery to our shores. They will have no safe haven."
Diana and I were so saddened to hear about the passing of Judge Clarence Brimmer.  He will be missed. He has been a joy to visit and learn from. I have always appreciated his knowledge of the law and the way he blended that with common sense, able to get to the heart of the matter. He made some decisions in court cases involving the federal government and Gillette while I was mayor that made a difference for our community.  He kept working, all the while helping to make Wyoming and our country a better place.  Diana and I send our thoughts and prayers to Judge Brimmer’s family and to all the people who knew him and appreciate the wonderful person he was.
By selling reclaimed snow fence wood that is collected from maintaining the 500+ miles of snow fences around Wyoming, Centennial Woods in Laramie has saved the state $18 million and created a successful business. A smart idea from a Wyoming company that counts Bass Pro Shops, Amazon, Starbucks, and many more businesses and contractors as their customers. Thanks to Ed Spal, John Pope and Mike Thomas, for showing us around their facility on October 17.
Sen. Grassley encourages young adults with experience in foster care and an interest in policy to apply for a special internship in Washington. D.C.  Read more here:
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Clifford Eike.  The picture was submitted with this caption: “America’s crack Armored Division along with our Infantry are the ones who got here just a little too late to prevent this from happening. This is only a few of the victims.” Dated: Ohrdruf, Germany – April 8, 1945
On Monday, I'm hosting another Kansas Listening Tour Stop in McPherson County. I encourage you to join me at The Cedars in McPherson at 10:30 a.m. For a full listing of upcoming stops, visit my website.
What a great investment in young Alaskan minds!  Thanks to AK Airlines, junior high students from rural Alaska will be flown to Anchorage to take top flight science and tech classes at UAA's ANSEP Academy.
Earlier today, I talked to Don Young and encouraged him to rethink the past few days and apologize to Alaskans so we can all be rowing in the same direction against suicide.  One of Don's qualities that Alaskans appreciate is his willingness to speak from the gut.  On a serious issue like suicide, that casts an enormous and dark shadow across our state, much more thought needs to be given before speaking up.  Words matter, and I hope Don can recognize the need to apologize to all Alaskans who have been impacted by the tragedy of suicide.
Ahead of this weekend's Ukrainian parliamentary elections, I joined Senator Ben Cardin to renew our call for the U.S. to provide support.
Couldn't make it to NYC for my foreign policy address at the Center for the National Interest annual dinner? You can still read my entire speech here: http://nationalinterest.org/feature/rand-paul-the-case-conservative-realism-11544
Yesterday I met with some reporters from the Pittsburgh Business Times. We discussed issues like economic growth, the medical device #tax, and my bill to protect children from child predators. Thanks for hosting me!
