California's Obamacare exchange is handing over information to insurance companies without user consent. #FullRepeal
During one of my town hall meetings last summer, I was asked if I support raising the minimum wage.  Small businesses will soon face substantial increases in the cost of hiring employees as they brace for the impact of the #Obamacare employer mandate.  Increasing the minimum wage will only increase the pressure that businesses already face when hiring employees.  I have recently introduced proposals that I think will work better to reduce poverty, and you can read about these proposals here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/11/bring-them-in  This is a key passage that I think is relevant to a discussion about the minimum wage:   "In the same way, poor children today do not lack the ability to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to flourish in our market economy and civil society. But they absolutely lack the same access to the networks of human opportunity where that knowledge and those skills are acquired.  "Properly considered, then, the war on poverty is not so much about lifting people up. It’s about bringing people in. And so the challenge to conservatives today is to rethink the war on poverty along these lines, to bring into our economy and society the individuals, families, and communities that have for five decades been unfairly locked out.  "Nineteen-sixty-four wasn’t the year Americans started fighting poverty; it was the year we started losing that fight. To start winning again, conservatives are going to have to lead the way - not simply by offering criticism, but alternatives. Our job is to identify the obstructions that impede Americans’ access to our market economy and civil society and clear them."
Look who I ran into skiing - Keith Colburn, captain of the F/V Wizard from the Deadliest Catch. Who knew a crab boat captain could ski too?
As the nation remembers the December 7th, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor that brought the United States into World War II, I am honoring one of our American heroes from that war.  Norman Hogg stepped up and served our country during one of the most trying times in our nation’s history.  His memories and his legacy should not be forgotten. On this Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, I hope you will join me in honoring and thanking Norman and all of our veterans for their service. http://1.usa.gov/18scfuu
On This Week with George Stephanopoulos: "If you want to deal with income inequality, the number one way to do it is to get people to work."
I'll be on This Week with George Stephanopoulos this morning to talk about the looming budget deadline & need for economic growth. Hope you can tune in.
This morning, I will be joining Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday to discuss Economic Freedom Zones, Obamacare and more.  Checkout your local air times and tune in!  http://www.foxnews.com/story/2008/05/05/fox-news-sunday-airtimes/
