Earlier today, I had the opportunity to discuss mental health policies and the General Leonard Wood Army Community Hospital (GLWACH) during a U.S. Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing on Defense. Click here to watch: 
I have received hundreds of letters from Missourians sharing stories about how the president’s flawed health care law has impacted their families. Hear some of their stories during my remarks on the Floor:
Below is a clip of my appearance on The Daily Rundown this morning where I discussed the obstacles facing our nation’s veterans. Thanks for having me, Chuck.
I’ll be on The Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd this morning at 9:25am – tune in.
We met with Gurdon High School students today during their participation in Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs' Hill Day.
Thank you to West Helena sisters Ariel and Dominique House for presenting me with Save the Children's Congressional Champion for Children award for our efforts on issues affecting children. I will continue to promote anti-hunger initiatives and investments in our children in Congress because every child deserves the opportunity to succeed.
I always enjoy talking with The Alice Stewart Show. What a treat to have Alice in DC. Next time I'll bring donuts.
The Alice Stewart Show is live in DC this morning. We're joining Alice now.
Tax Day is coming next week on April 15th.  According to the Tax Foundation, Americans will spend more on taxes this year than they spend on food, clothing, and housing combined. Instead of cutting spending, President Obama has a budget that asks for over $1.7 trillion in tax increases. Today, I spoke on the floor of the Senate about how people in Wyoming are tired of sending their hard earned money to Washington – and getting little in return. 
NA
In addition to previous measures I have brought before the Senate, today I am introducing the Crimea Annexation Non-Recognition Act, which would ensure that the United States does not recognize Russian sovereignty over Crimea nor take any action that would imply such recognition. A policy of non-recognition will communicate the seriousness of this situation and help reassure our allies and friends precariously placed on Russia’s borders that Putin must stop his aggression.
It was a privilege to meet with Idahoans representing the Alzheimer’s Association today to thank them for their tremendous work on behalf of Idahoans.  Their continued advocacy for important Alzheimer’s research is critical in the effort to treat and prevent a disease that poses a significant threat to our nation’s seniors. More than five million Americans are currently living with Alzheimer’s disease, and that number is expected to drastically increase by mid-century.
Advocates from Alzheimer's Association, Maine Chapter are in DC to continue the fight for care, support, and research efforts.  Read more about Senator Collins' bipartisan effort to increase vital research funding here:  http://www.collins.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=17a1d36d-85f8-4420-9ac5-e3dbcb6eb848
Senator Collins met with Rangeley Fire Chief Tim Pellerin before a Senate subcommittee hearing this morning on rail safety.  Chief Pellerin was invited to testify about his department’s response to the train derailment disaster that happened in Lac-Megantic, Quebec last July.  Sen. Collins thanked Chief Pellerin for the heroic actions of Maine firefighters that responded to the accident, and Chief Pellerin presented Senator Collins with a photo--signed by the members of the Rangeley Fire Department—of their ladder truck helping douse the blaze.
At the Fort Hood memorial service today. To the families and friends of the victims at Fort Hood and, indeed, to all the good people at Fort Hood: Your fellow Americans are thinking about you, we're praying for you, and keeping you close in our hearts during this difficult time.
Cornyn Bill to Ensure Every Military Vote Is Counted Headed to Senate Floor:
In an appearance on MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown,” Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, called for “another shot across the bow” to deter Russia from further intervention in Ukraine and urged the Obama administration to begin implementing the president’s executive order authorizing sanctions against sectors of the Russian economy. Russian troops remain amassed on the Ukrainian border, and yesterday Secretary of State John Kerry accused Russia of “clear and unmistakable involvement” in provoking unrest in Eastern Ukraine, which could be a pretext for an invasion.  “The president has the ability to put in place sectoral sanctions,” said Corker. “We have this massive troop buildup. We know [Russian] black ops folks are operating inside Ukraine fomenting the unrest…, and yet we still have not done those things to inflict pain. We’ve become very concerned that Russia doesn’t believe the U.S. ever will.  There are some sectoral sanctions…that we can put in place. Not the whole thing at one time, but for instance, naming another three or four banks now, financial institutions now, with this troop buildup…I do think another shot across the bow that would affect economically their country is an important thing to do.” http://bit.ly/1sABowa 
Live now on MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown” with Chuck Todd, Sen. Corker is discussing the latest on Ukraine and Russia.
Newly disclosed documents regarding the #IRS official who pled the fifth about targeting conservative groups show the need for a special prosecutor to investigate.
If you want to talk about a “stinkburger," how about a law titled the "Affordable Care Act" causing some of the sharpest increases of health insurance premiums in years? #FullRepeal
The Senate passed the bill unanimously. I'm optimistic the House will pass it. The President should sign it as soon as possible to #KeepTerroristsOut of the US! 
I’ve long been concerned the Obama Administration is using federal education funding, like the Race to the Top program, to coerce states to accept Common Core standards.  It’s a bait and switch move with the Administration establishing the Department of Education in Washington as a national school board.  Education is a state function.  I’ve joined Senators Grassley, Barrasso and others in asking Senate appropriators to prohibit any federal education dollars from being used to require states to adopt, develop or establish any federal education standards and assessments.
On Saturday, I was privileged to speak at the Fallen Firefighters Memorial Service in Riverton, honoring firefighters who have gone before us.
Honored to meet with Arizona’s Military Officers Association of America (MOAA) delegation today. Thank you for your service! #Storming2014
Today I introduced two bills to enhance accountability and rein in the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. This agency impacts every aspect of our economy and all consumers. Its decisions should reflect input from all sides, rather than giving broad regulatory authority to a single unelected official. My legislation also makes it easier to push back on CFPB regulations.
I spoke with Bureau of Land Management Director Kornze this morning to express great disappointment with the way that the cattle roundup is being handled. I told him very clearly that law-abiding Nevadans must not be penalized by an over-reaching BLM. After hearing from local officials and residents, and receiving feedback from the Nevada Cattlemen's Association in a meeting this morning, I remain extremely concerned about the size of this closure and disruptions with access to roads, water and electrical infrastructure. I will continue to closely monitor this situation, and urge the BLM to make the necessary changes in order to preserve Nevadans’ constitutional rights. http://1.usa.gov/1iyufFw
It was good to see the Altus Chamber of Commerce during their trip to Washington this week. We talked about the Water Resource Development Act (WRDA) and the benefits it would have for Oklahoma’s resources.
Yesterday morning, I had the opportunity to speak with the Tulsa Chamber of Commerce during their annual visit to Washington, D.C.  I shared with them my priorities in the 113th Congress and took questions from the audience about issues important to Tulsa and the State of Oklahoma. We also discussed how EPA regulations are entangling our small businesses, farmers, manufacturers, and energy industry, and my plans to put the breaks on the agency's unchecked regulatory agenda.
Thanks very much to the Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation Board of Directors and Leadership Institute Graduates for stopping by today.
Sen. Johnson met with a great group of kids from Kiel High School today.
President Obama had no legal power to give Congress a special Obamacare deal. Yet he did. That's why I sued. http://t.co/b7Bb75Ps9w
When a president acts illegally, we must take legal action. http://t.co/Sw8nkCtusJ
Today the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on the Comcast/Time Warner merger.  This is my opening statement from the hearing.  If you are following the developments of this merger, I would be interested to hear your thoughts about it:
It isn't too late to sign up for my tele-townhall tonight.  You can sign up for the event here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings  You can also attend the event online and on Facebook starting at 7:00 p.m. MT.  I am looking forward to continuing the dialogue we have been having about the issues that are important to you.
Yesterday, I tried to offer an amendment to the Paycheck Fairness Act to remove federal restrictions that prevent employers from offering flex time as an option to their employees.  Unfortunately, Senator Reid and Senate Democrats blocked this amendment that would give working parents the same option that federal government employees have to spend more time with their families. 
It was an honor to visit with Thomas Berger and Larry Mac Intire of Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) this morning. During the meeting, we discussed illnesses caused by Agent Orange and the impacts it has on the heath of veterans and their families. They also presented me with a plaque for my efforts to make certain veterans may get care closer to home through the Project ARCH Program. VVA is the nation's only congressionally chartered veterans service organization dedicated to the needs of Vietnam-era veterans and their families.
We must do everything possible to return Alan to the United States and bring his family’s terrible nightmare to an end.
Encouraged by this small step towards the United States of America maintaining its status as the best place in the world to start a business.
Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill estimate the Obama administration has spent roughly $4 to 5 billion to get the Affordable Care Act running. HHS officials are ignoring Congress’ request for information on how Obamacare funds are being used, and refuse to provide the public complete and accurate figures on the full cost of implementation to taxpayers.
There are a number of open job positions at several firms participating in Sprint's Mobile Health Accelerator program.
Wow! Big news in Alaska media today: 
While the Department of Defense has made great strides in the way it treats invisible wounds of war, the steady persistence of this problem demonstrates the need for more action. That's why I've introduced legislation, the Medical Evaluation Parity for Servicemembers Act, to improve the way we identify and treat behavioral health issues as well as improve the way we take care of our servicemembers throughout the duration of their service and during their transition to civilian life. http://1.usa.gov/1qjiZ4F
I am a man of my word and upheld my bet with Senator Blumenthal today. Looks like I have to wear this Huskies tie for a few hours.
Shoutout to North Hills High School. Very cool!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5Ki36KOQA4
PHOTO RELEASE: Rubio Commends Panama’s Response To Venezuela Crisis During Visit With Foreign Minister: http://1.usa.gov/1sBmKEM  “I commend the Panamanian government for courageously standing with the people of Venezuela, for the Inter-American Democratic Charter, and against the brutal repression of peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela,” Rubio said. “For over two months, tens of thousands of Venezuelans have risked their lives to demand a more democratic and hopeful future for their country. President Maduro has met their legitimate demands with bullets, torture and unjust incarcerations.   “Venezuela has become an authoritarian military regime right before our eyes, but shamefully, most countries in the region have chosen to either look the other way or to gloss over the brutality inflicted by the Maduro regime on the Venezuelan people,” Rubio added. “The United States’ support is important, and I am proud that Panama has taken a strong interest and leadership role to find a legitimately inclusive solution to the political crisis affecting Venezuela.”
Senator Rubio Pushes Legislation For Alternative Higher Education Funding On CNBC: http://1.usa.gov/1kKZI90  Rubio: “So our notion is what other options to the student loans can we create? And here is an existing model that now exists that’s called Income Share Agreements. …As I said, like all investment decisions, there is an element of risk here associated with it. But it creates an alternative to the traditional student loan system that we have in place, which in my mind, at its current pace is simply unsustainable in the long-term.” 
Rubio, Petri Legislation Would Give Students Access To Innovative College Financing Option: http://1.usa.gov/1ejWSK2  “In the 21st century, higher education is no longer an option for Americans, it has become a necessity. But a complex and confusing student loan system makes it increasingly difficult for millions of people trying to meet the challenges of our economy,” Rubio said. “Allowing private investment groups to invest directly in an individual student is an alternative to student loans that helps make higher education more affordable and more accessible.”  “By clarifying the lawfulness of income share agreements, this bill incentivizes the free enterprise system and allows people to access the skills needed to take advantage of the opportunities created by the free market,” added Rubio. “Fostering more choice for students to fund their education guarantees opportunity and equips people with the tools needed to achieve the American Dream.”
NA
First #selfie! Great to see the kids from the Georgetown School of Arts and Sciences in DC today.
Apprenticeships are a proven way to get people into skilled, good paying jobs, and South Carolina is leading the way. Just joined Senator Cory Booker in introducing the #LEAPAct.    Read more here: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2014/04/09/cory-booker-tim-scott-team-up-for-the-first-time/
In case you missed it, I talked with Neil Cavuto on Fox Business yesterday on my Opportunity Agenda and how Obamacare is continuing to hurt Americans
My pleasure to greet members of the Alzheimer's Association PA Public Policy Coalition in Washington this morning. Thank you for the work you do!
We cannot wait on this. I urge the Senate: pass my #bipartisan bill with Senator Joe Manchin III to protect kids from predators.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has some funny ideas about what makes a ‘navigable waterway.’ To me, it should at least be able to float a canoe. 
130. Shameful.  http://www.post-gazette.com/opinion/2014/04/09/Protect-our-kids-from-predators/stories/201404090005 
Awful news out of Franklin Regional High School. Please pray.
"To this day, I wonder how many of those children could have been spared had someone acted sooner." 
Senator Cochran and I are concerned that the abandonment of the American Midstream Pipeline (Midla) could cause a significant increase in utility bills for Midla customers, many of whom have no alternate source of natural gas.   That is why we have sent a new letter to FERC Chairman Cheryl LaFleur calling on the agency to provide sufficient time to allow Mississippians to weigh in on the issue.
