LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander, who said in an op-ed in today’s Tennessean:   “Tennesseans didn’t send me to Washington to rubber-stamp Harry Reid’s ideas or those of any other Senate leader. They expect me to have a say for them on ‘Obamacare,’ fixing the debt, Iran and other vital issues.”  READ MORE from Alexander’s op-ed, “U.S. Senate dissolving into one-man show.” http://1.usa.gov/1ds1Els 
Senator Ayotte's statement regarding reports of a video showing that U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl is alive: “If these reports are accurate, this is welcome evidence that Bowe is still alive.  Americans do not forget or leave behind service members who fall into enemy hands, and it is unacceptable that an American service member has languished in captivity for so long.  I urge the Department of Defense to devote more resources and a greater sense of urgency to finding Bowe and reuniting him with his loved ones.”
At a hearing yesterday before the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator Ayotte called for tough oversight and restrictions to prevent wasteful spending on conferences and travel across federal agencies. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1232
I spoke on the floor again today to share your stories about the impact of ObamaCare. You can send me your questions, thoughts, and concerns about this law in the comments below or on my website at bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts.
Today the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released the most detailed, bipartisan report to date on the September 11, 2012, terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya.  The committee's report presents a wide range of declassified findings that will allow the public to more fully understand the deteriorating security situation in Benghazi leading up to the attacks, and the lack of State Department recognition of the danger to our personnel.  This bipartisan report is a step forward in our understanding of these events, but should not by any means be viewed as a final verdict.  To the extent this report is incomplete, it is not due to the Committee's unwillingness to investigate, but the State Department's intransigence.  It is our obligation and duty to continue to ask probing questions and investigate all details as they continue to come to light - as they invariably will.   Despite the Committee's best efforts to investigate all relevant threads of information, I still feel strongly that there remains a disappointing lack of accountability. It is my hope that this bipartisan report will serve as a foundation to continue the discussion and search for answers. 
A U.S. Air Force Pave Hawk helicopter crashed in the coastal marshes of eastern England during a training mission last week.  Sadly, one of those on board was Staff Sergeant Afton (Thornton) Ponce, a native of Post Falls, Idaho, who lost her life.  My prayers go out to Staff Sgt. Ponce’s family and friends as they grieve this heartbreaking loss.
Cornyn Responds to President’s Remarks on the Economy:
Albert Schweitzer - 'the only ones who will be really happy are those who have found how to serve'
Senate Intelligence Committee report charges #Benghazi attack could have been prevented and that the Obama administration willfully used bad intelligence in initially blaming it on spontaneous protests.
The President is talking about income inequality in America, but there is no greater gap than between the politicians in Washington who spend with abandon and the American people who are struggling to make ends meet and are forced to pay for it all. Today’s vote on the Continuing Resolution moves us one step closer to the 1,500-page, $1 trillion omnibus bill that does nothing to restore economic growth, stop Obamacare, or fix our spending problem. If anyone wants to know why the nation is in fiscal trouble, look no further than the massive omnibus bill being jammed through Congress currently.
Pretty funny take from Jimmy Kimmel on Obamacare's disappointing youth enrollment numbers. Check it out:
Insurance companies should not be bailed out by the taxpayers if Obamacare doesn’t work out like they planned. I’ve cosponsored a bill with Senator Rubio that would prevent taxpayer bailouts of insurance companies.  
My staff is holding office hours tomorrow - Thursday, Jan. 16 - in Green Valley and Sahuarita. Information about times and locations is below, and appointments aren't necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  Green Valley, AZ  11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Green Valley Council Offices  555 N. La Canada Drive, Suite 117  Sahuarita, AZ  1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. Sahuarita Town Hall Media Room 375 West Sahuarita Center Way
Today I questioned FAA Administrator Michael Huerta about rules changes potentially causing pilot shortages and flight cancellations in western Nebraska. It’s important that regulations are implemented in a way that promotes the safety of airline crew and passengers while also minimizing their adverse impact on communities.  
"The FBI confirmed to me that when they interviewed the survivors on the 15th the 16th and the 17th [of September], not one person ever mentioned anything other than a terrorist attack. No one mentioned a protest outside the consulate," Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham told Fox News.   "So, how could the Obama administration come up with a protest story if everybody on the ground during the attack said it was a terrorist attack and there was no protest?" 
PresObama promised in RepCaucus lastMarch that he'd decide Keystone pipeline in 2013. That promise like"if u like your health insurance,,,"
Canada is one of our greatest friends and allies. Working together, we can build a brighter energy future for both our nations, but we need to act. We need the President to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. We’re going on six years now that the American and Canadian people have been waiting for an answer on whether the U.S. government will allow the Keystone XL pipeline to be built. The time for review is over. It is well past time for a ‘yes’ on this important project.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=82244f30-a306-4901-aa25-41c8a5085173
Spoke at a press conference yesterday with Senator Ayotte and others about our plan to restore veterans COLAs. Disappointed that Sen. Reid wouldn’t allow a vote on our plan.
Introduced the Driver Privacy Act to ensure data stored in your car belongs to you. As governor, I signed this into North Dakota law, now we need to ensure these common sense protections nationwide.
In the recently passed NDAA, I worked to include language that requires the Pentagon to report the latest developments in their attempts to find Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl who went missing in Afghanistan in 2009. In the spirit of the Army, never leave a fallen comrade.   http://www.cnn.com/2014/01/15/world/asia/us-prisoner-video/
The ruling yesterday by Judge Kern on Oklahoma's constitution regarding traditional marriage is just the beginning of more rulings Americans will see in the coming years where the federal courts overturn states' decisions that conflict with the Obama Administration's liberal values. This is because of Majority Leader Harry Reid's dictatorial move in November when he invoked the 'nuclear option.' His action eliminated the ability of the minority party in the Senate to have a voice and participate in their constitutional duty to advise and consent on Presidential nominations. As a result, the majority party can and is currently forcing judges through the confirmation process and placing them in federal courts across the nation to carry out their political agenda for decades to come. Oklahomans voted by 75 percent to define marriage in their constitution as between a man and a woman, and the state's rights and the will of Oklahoma voters should stand.
ICYMI check out this Chicago Tribune editorial about #Iran's secret nuclear deal. The American people still don't know the full story.
How to spend $1 trillion dollars with one piece of legislation.
On September 5, 1787, at the Constitutional Convention, they were discussing the public land related authorities in the Constitution, including the authority that has now been included in what's often referred to as the Enclave Clause, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17. One of the delegates to the Federal Convention of 1787, Elbridge Gerry, a delegate from Massachusetts, stood before the convention and made an astute observation. Mr. Gerry expressed concern that, “this power [that is, the power of congress over federal public lands] might be made use of to enslave any particular state by buying up its territory, and that the strongholds proposed would be a means of awing the state into undue obedience into the general government.”  Then, as now, wise observations often came from the state of Massachusetts. Then, as now, we have a grave risk associated with the fact that when the federal government owns this much land, the federal government has this much power. This was on the minds of the delegates to the Convention of 1787, that one of the things they needed to protect against was the concentration of too much power in the hands of the few, especially the concentration of too much power within the federal government. They understood, and each of them had a mission to protect the sovereignty of their respective states. They understood that if Congress had too much power to simply buy up too much land in any one state, disproportionately in some states, the federal government would have too much influence within that state.  Now, I would ask you, when you look at the map in this clip, does that look equitable? Does that look like an equitable distribution of federal landownership? We have to keep in mind that just as there are benefits associated with some of our public lands, there are also burdens attached to those benefits. And when you look at those burdens, it's difficult to say anything other than that they are disproportionately allocated into a certain region of the United States. They're overwhelmingly located within the Rocky Mountains and areas west of the Rocky Mountains.  And so to the extent that these benefits benefit everyone in the United States, then the burdens ought to be shared by everyone in the United States as well. And yet, they are not. PILT, again, is woefully inadequate as it is. But now, Congress is trying to withdraw funding for PILT. And even though some may say we'll fund it later this year, we have no guarantee of that, and we should be funding it right now.  This is one of the several problems with the omnibus spending bill currently being considered by Congress.
"Some reformers might want to go even further – to open up the market with a national system based in Washington, or blow up the status quo altogether.  But housing alternative accreditation in the states accomplishes three conservative goals at once. It will protect policy innovation from the monolithic cronyism that inevitably infects centralized power. It will allow competitive federalism to work its magic, as neighboring states check one another’s imprudence and inaction. And, finally, it will preserve and reward what does work at today’s colleges and universities."  What do you think needs to be done to make our higher education system more affordable, accessible, and effective? 
Last night, the Senate passed legislation offered by Senator Roberts and I to honor WWII Veteran and Kansan Lieutenant General Richard “Dick” Seitz. The legislation designates the Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic as the “Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.” The clinic provides primary care, behavioral health, personal care, laboratory, prescriptions and psychiatry services for veterans. I’m grateful for Dick's commitment to serving Junction City and am delighted that his country is naming this clinic in his honor.
Today around 10:45 a.m. CT, I'll join Agri Talk's Mike Adams to discuss the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility's funding in the Omnibus appropriations bill, as well as what that means for Kansas and the nation. I encourage you to tune in or listen live. 
I met with Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs John Baird today to talk about energy and Arctic policy. We had a great conversation and I look forward to working with Canada on future policy.
The government takeover of health care is a significant loss to freedom. Not only are you prevented from keeping your doctor if you like them, you're also prevented from choosing your insurance plan.   Hear my entire assessment on the Index of our Economic Freedoms here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFsqT8jH-wA
In case you missed it: Just a few moments ago, I joined Fox's Bill Hemmer on America's Newsroom to discuss the NSA surveillance program.  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLSka35ykIE
It is simply unimaginable to think what modern America would be like if not for Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s courage and triumph.   Today, we celebrate his life and reflect on his influence and call for ending injustice in America. When one sees an injustice so great, he or she must make a choice-to continue tolerating the injustice or make sacrifices in the name of stopping it. Thankfully for us, Dr. King made sacrifices and chose the path less traveled.   In years to come, we must keep building the kind of America that is worthy of his memory and that our children-of every race, creed and color-deserve.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1071
The broken promises in Obamacare continue to mount, while the signups, particularly among the young and healthy, continue to underwhelm. This morning I took to the Senate floor to talk about the dangers in this law and the importance of repealing it. Watch a clip of my speech below.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?edit=vd&v=65og1h-Q3yQ
Senator Rubio Discusses Potential ObamaCare Bailout on "Special Report"
Senator Rubio Discusses His Legislation To Prevent An ObamaCare Bailout With Hugh Hewitt
Just gave a speech on the Senate floor to introduce my legislative agenda and first two bills—unleashing opportunity for all Americans through education and economic freedom.    Watch here: http://youtu.be/NOigY2V7pKg  
"The massive project is expected to jolt Philadelphia's lethargic economy with about 6,300 temporary construction-related jobs and an additional 14,400 jobs in Pennsylvania." 
Kris and I had a great time at the Lemon Ball Saturday.  Great cause.  Great kids.
