“I voted against the budget agreement because it avoids the federal government’s most urgent need: reducing the growth of runaway entitlement spending. Instead, it spends savings that should be used to strengthen Medicare, pensions, and the air transportation system. It is particularly troubling that the budget agreement takes money from pensions in a way that treats military retirees worse than the civilian federal employees.” http://1.usa.gov/1dnuh0z
Sen. Alexander applauds Lee University’s travelling choir, “Voices of Lee,” after their performance at Tennessee Tuesday. The group performed “Silver Bells” and a rendition of The Preamble to the United States Constitution and “America the Beautiful.” VIDEO HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1fkOMwu
Ayotte staff holding constituent office hours tomorrow, Thursday, December 19, in Monroe, Lyman, Mason, and Landaff:  Monroe Town Office 152 Woodsville Road 8:30 AM - 9:30 AM    Lyman Town Hall 65 Parker Hill Road 10:00 - 11:00 AM   Mason Town Office 6 Darling Hill Road 11:00 AM - Noon   Landaff Town Hall 12 Center Hill Road 11:30 AM - 12:30 PM
NA
Approximately one in four adults suffers from a diagnosable mental health disorder each year nationwide, according to the National Institute of Mental Health. Last week, the Senate Finance Committee passed an important bipartisan bill that I co-sponsored to help improve our nation's mental health care system. We have a model that works. Now is the time for Congress to act.
I will be joining Bill LuMaye today at 3pm.   To tune in, click below.
$10 million spent on Superman advertising, big dollars invested in researching pertinent questions like “Team Edward or Team Jacob?”, and $500 million on paradise homes in Hawaii – all brought to you by the federal government.   Click below to read more about the federal government’s wasteful spending in this year’s Wastebook. #Wastebook2013
Excessive regulatory burdens imposed by EPA are hurting the economy. We must require EPA to protect the environment through a transparent, fair, legal, science-based process. A bill I introduced will help accomplish that.
I appreciate the efforts of both sides to find common ground and avoid another shutdown. However, I cannot support a measure that immediately increases spending and ultimately busts the budget caps that were put place to get us on the path to fiscal responsibility.  Sequestration, while not the ideal way to address spending, has actually worked. As a result, we have been able to reduce discretionary spending for two straight years for the first time since the end of World War II. While we should look for a better method to achieve savings than across-the-board cuts, this agreement falls short of achieving significant savings.   One way the budget agreement finds savings comes at the expense of every retired serviceman and woman. The agreement reduces the cost-of-living-adjustments (COLAs) for retired servicemembers under the age of 62. There are better ways to find savings than reducing the retirement compensation of individual military retirees by as much as $72,000. It’s simply not appropriate to ask our military retirees for more sacrifice while we continue to ignore our real spending problem.   While I appreciate the effort to restore regular order to the budget process, we have to get serious about our spending problem. I hope that we can do that during the appropriations process in the coming year. We can’t keep kicking the can down the road and continue the ‘spend now in return for promises later’ mentality.
Senator Lamar Alexander, Senator Enzi and I intro bill to open #Obamacare enrollment before election and disclose premium increase to Americans beforehand. Americans deserve to know what their premiums will be before they go to the polls. Instead of trying to hide skyrocketing costs, the Administration needs to come clean about the terrible impacts of this law.
Earlier today, I spoke via videoconference with conservation, wildlife and sportsmen leaders in Idaho about the important role they play in our state.
Earlier this month,  the U.S. Air Force Band had an impromptu performance in the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C., to promote the upcoming 29 shows of their annual holiday series.  If you have not seen the video,  I encourage you to check it out by clicking the link below.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Mistake to Not Fix Military Pensions
Senator Reid is refusing to allow the Senate to correct the mistaken discriminatory treatment of the military in the Budget deal.  A big mistake.
There are far too many people in Washington who are not listening to the American people -- who are not responding to the very real harms Obamacare is causing. #FullRepeal #MakeDCListen
Odd. I don’t recall increased costs for insurance being part of the Obamacare sales pitch — do you?  #FullRepeal
We’ve seen America’s reaction to losing the health insurance plans they liked and the higher premiums and deductibles because of Obamacare. Not surprisingly, the Obama Administration recently decided they will not release updated premiums and cost-sharing information until after the 2014 elections. It’s a politically motivated decision and Senator Alexander, Senator Barrasso and I introduced a bill to stop it. Families need time to make decisions about their health care and our bill would require the Administration to provide information on health care costs 30 days before the open enrollment period. Those responsible for this awful law might not want to be held accountable, but the American people sure are ready for a change.
While I admire the effort to craft a compromise on the budget, and believe the Senate needed an opportunity to debate the bill, I simply couldn't support a budget agreement that trades spending increases today for potential spending cuts years down the road. We've seen that movie before, and we know how it ends.
I’m joining KFAB News this morning at 9:35 CT. You can listen in live here: http://www.iheart.com/live/1325/?autoplay=true
I find it ironic that a few years ago the Senate was forced to stay in Washington and vote on Obamacare on Christmas Eve. Yet now we won’t stay a few extra days to fix this injustice to our military retirees.  President Obama -- above everyone else -- has the responsibility as Commander in Chief to take care of those who honorably serve our nation in uniform.  He should not sign this severely flawed legislation into law.  Instead, he should show leadership and send Congress back to work to fix this problem.
Today, I voted against final passage of the Ryan-Murray budget deal. It is a shame that Congress has decided to try to balance the budget on the backs of our nation’s wounded warriors and their fellow comrades. Despite calls for fiscal responsibility from Americans, Congress has yet again decided to pass another short-term deal that blatantly avoids tackling our long-term debt. This fiscal path that we are on is simply unsustainable, which is why Congress needs to act now to craft a long-term solution and make a determined effort to bring fiscal sanity to our great nation. http://1.usa.gov/1jj9gvj
Today I voted against the Ryan-Murray budget deal. It did not go far enough to protect our national security from devastating cuts under the Obama Administration and then even proceeded to find savings by targeting current and future military retiree accounts. As Ranking Member of Senate Armed Services Committee, I will be working closely with my colleague Chairman Levin to restore the sacred promise made to our men and women in uniform and ensure they received the benefits they have earned by protecting our freedoms.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-votes-no-on-ryan-murray-budget-deal
Among the essential authorizations in the national defense bill, there are many provisions that strengthen Congress' constitutional responsibility to provide oversight of the Executive branch. Without passing the national defense bill, Congress would be giving the President a free pass to manage the Department of Defense however he chooses. We must maintain Congressional oversight of the President and pass the national defense bill.
Bloomington #SmallBiz owner is suffering from ACA rate shock. #Illinois small businesses deserve better.
In a powerful New York Times ad, Elie Wiesel urges the Senate to move forward with new #Iran sanctions. We should and we will.
Sen. McConnell: I am proud to co-sponsor Senator Paul’s bill and I applaud him for his work to help distressed areas around the nation, including those in Kentucky. In addition to helping bring businesses to distressed areas, this legislation will assist in job creation by unraveling burdensome federal regulations that are stifling economic development.
I encourage you to watch the video linked below, which was created by the Fort Leavenworth School District and focuses on students who have parents serving our country in the military. It’s a good reminder to thank the families who sacrifice so much in support of the servicemen and women protecting our freedom.
I have said it before and I will say it again: Alaska’s seafood is the best in the world, and I want to make sure all Americans have access to this sustainable and healthy food.  Today, I'm reaching out to the new head of Wal-Mart to invite him here to Alaska to see and taste it for himself, because I know once he does, he will want to ensure it is always available to his customers.
After much thought, I do intend to vote for the Budget Act.  The bill is far from perfect, but it helps prevent another shutdown of the federal government, the furlough of thousands of Alaska’s federal employees, and the statewide ripple effect.  It is a bipartisan agreement, a step forward for the legislative process, and provides more certainty for the economy. It also allows some relief from the across-the-board sequester cuts, which have hit the Department of Defense and our military particularly hard.    I do not support the bill’s provisions to decrease the cost-of-living-adjustment for retirement payments for military retirees until they turn 62, and support Senator Wicker’s efforts to restore full retirement pay.  The Majority Leader has prevented all efforts to amend the bill, but I am committed to working with my colleagues to find a better solution for our veterans before the decrease takes effect in December 2015.
Took to the Senate floor tonight to explain why the budget deal, while necessary, is far from perfect. Watch my remarks here:
The answer to poverty and unemployment is not another government bailout; it is simply leaving more money in the hands of those who earned it. The Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2013 will do just that.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1059
The loss of the filibuster weakens Congress and makes any executive, regardless of party, more powerful and less likely to be transparent.  READ more here: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2013/12/18/rand-paul-nuclear-option-speech
Harry Reid blocked a Republican amendment to restore $6 billion in veteran benefits to the budget. Another reason I voted no.
I applaud the Senate Foreign Relations Committee today for moving forward on important legislation protecting religious minorities and religious rights throughout the Middle East. Unfortunately, Christians, Jews, Baha’is, and others face severe persecution in many parts of the world -- especially in places like Iran. This legislation will help to protect international religious freedom and expedite the release of individuals, like Pastor Saeed Abedini, who are being held for such erroneous crimes as spreading the Gospel. As a cosponsor of the bill, I look forward to the full Senate’s consideration of this bill in the new year.
Americans have a right to know if a plan they are purchasing in the Obamacare exchange covers abortion. Millions of pro-life Americans oppose the use of their money to cover abortion services, but as current law is written, it is difficult to obtain information about which exchange plans provide such services. Today I introduced a bill, supported by 13 other Senators, that requires this information to be prominently disclosed so consumers can make informed, values-based decisions.  The failings of Obamacare are painfully clear from loss of coverage to increased premiums, but the secrecy in the law raises serious moral and ethical issues. We need transparency. Consumers have a right to know what these fees are paying for so that they can choose an insurance plan that meets their needs and is in line with their beliefs and values.
Senator Rubio Hails Senate Progress On Conditioning Aid To Egypt Absent Economic And Democratic Reforms:
Senator Rubio Discusses How Trade Benefits American Workers: http://1.usa.gov/IVy8J5
Senator Rubio joins Jimmy Cefalo on "South Florida's First News." Listen here:
Watch Senator Rubio on last night's "Hannity":
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' statement following final passage of the Ryan-Murray spending package:  "Majority Leader Reid rushed through this closed-door deal without a single amendment. His conference blocked my amendment, for instance, to replace pension cuts for wounded warriors with the closure of a tax welfare loophole.  At present we are left with a tax-and-spend plan that also removes a procedural tool to prevent Democrats from exceeding spending limits and raising taxes again in the future.”
Sen. Sessions: “What justification can be given to the concept that duly elected United States Senators can’t stand up on the floor of this body and defend the rights of their constituents and their states by offering amendments to improve legislation?”
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/12/17/senate-gop-fails-in-final-bid-to-restore-military-pension-cuts-to-budget-bill/
Sen. Sessions made the following statement after Maj. Leader Reid and his conference voted to block Senators from offering amendments to the budget deal. Sessions made a procedural move to force a vote of the entire Senate:  “Today, Reid and his majority quashed the ability of any Senator to offer amendments to the spending deal that emerged from the House. They voted to undermine their own ability as Senators to offer amendments and do legislative work in the clear light of day. They voted to block the Senate from working to improve this tax-and-spend deal. Finally, by blocking my amendment, they voted to cut pensions for wounded warriors. Senators in this chamber have many valid ideas for replacing these pension cuts, including my proposal to close the tax welfare loophole for illegal filers, and all deserved a fair and open hearing. But they were denied.”
150,000 health care plans were estimated to have been cancelled in SC due to Obamacare.  
 
 2,761 people have enrolled on the exchange. 
 
 Watch the President speak here: http://www.c-spanvideo.org/clip/4477930
I support many of the policies in the defense authorization bill.  But there were many other worthy ideas that Senators should have been able to offer and that deserve consideration.
More fraud in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's renewable fuel standard program: a biofuel company selling credits for fuel it didn't produce.
“I don’t care how they spin it, #Obamacare is not affordable. It’s wrecking our total economy.”
Virulent outbreak of common sense on Capitol Hill last night: the Senate passed my bill with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to keep the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency off the backs of our firefighters.
Today,  Senator Kelly AyotteU.S. Senator Lindsey Graham  and I voted against the Murray-Ryan budget deal which cuts $6 billion from military retirement benefits.  We held a press conference in our efforts to continue to fight this onerous provision.
I cannot support a budget that slashes promised retirement benefits to our military men and women. This onerous provision is unfair, and budget cuts should never be at the expense of promises made to those who sacrifice the most for our country.  The fight for fairness for our military men and women does not end with the passage of this budget deal.  I will continue to work to restore full military retirement benefits.
NA
NA
