“Yesterday Americans elected a new Senate majority determined to fix our broken system and move our country in a new direction. I intend to help do this in a way Tennesseans know well—to work with others to get results. Americans want senators who know how to do more than make a speech; they want results. Republicans in the Senate are ready to hit the ground running with proposals to grow jobs, turn our health care system in the direction of more choices and lower costs, return control over our public schools to communities and classroom teachers, and put an end to the Obama administration’s unconstitutional overreach into so many areas of Americans’ lives.” – Senator Lamar Alexander
I'm honored to work for Missourians in the new Senate Majority, and I will keep fighting every day to ensure your voices are heard. It's time for Washington to get back to the people's work, and a change in Senate leadership will create a greater opportunity to get things done.
Americans decisively voted to move our country in a new direction by repudiating President Obama’s failed policies. I returned to the Senate to tackle the big issues we face and pass along a stronger America to the next generation. To my great frustration, Harry Reid effectively shut down the Senate during the last four years, stifling debate and blocking proposals that did not fit his narrow political agenda. This change in leadership provides a fresh start and an opportunity to move forward much-needed measures to strengthen our economy and spur job creation
Cornyn Statement on New Senate Republican Majority:
As we mark five years since the terrorist attack on Fort Hood, my thoughts and prayers are with the families of the fallen, the wounded, and the entire Fort Hood community who lost 13 heroes and an unborn child that fateful day. Fort Hood has endured tremendous tragedy and loss over the past 5 years but has persevered with the strength and grit III Corps is known for around the world, and has emerged stronger and closer than ever.
In Tennessee and across the country, Americans have voted to move our country forward by electing candidates that will focus on growing our economy, repairing our fiscal house and strengthening our nation’s role in the world. After years of gridlock, this election represents a unique opportunity for Congress and the administration to govern responsibly. Some of our country's greatest achievements have occurred when one party controls Congress and another the White House, so I hope the president will take advantage of this opportunity by rolling up his sleeves and working with a new Congress to advance the nation’s interests and improve the standard of living for Americans.  I congratulate Lamar Alexander and his team on a great campaign. I could think of no better partner to work with in the U.S. Senate than Lamar, and I am thankful to be able to continue to serve with him on behalf of Tennesseans. I wish all Tennesseans could see how Lamar works tirelessly each day to find ways to solve our nation’s problems and move our country ahead.  With Bill Haslam elected to a second term as governor, Tennessee will continue to be known as one of the best states in the country to live in and do business. Having worked closely with him on ways to attract more jobs to our state, I know how fortunate we are in Tennessee to have Bill’s leadership and vision.
I appreciate the passion of the candidates and their supporters no matter how they finished because it takes courage to be on a ballot and we all want to make the world a better place. People sent representatives to Washington November 4 who promised to send back some of the power and freedoms that have been taken. Click below for my full statement.
At PacifiCorp’s Naughton Power Plant near Kemmerer, they employ over 100 individuals and have the generating capability of 700 megawatts of power. It was great to hear how the plant works with Western Wyoming Community College to train employees. Thanks to John Sparks, Rodger Holt, Shawn Smith, Ryan Witbeck for the tour on October 23. #WyoWorks
Had a great time speaking to 5th graders at Solheim Elementary School in Bismarck yesterday.
Start by defining the problem. Then understand its root cause. This is how I plan to move toward solutions.
Congrats to Governor Scott Walker and his team. Here's to continuing to move #Wisconsin forward!
My Student Leadership Advisory Board developed a mobile app to help prevent cyberbullying.   Take a look at the app in action and download it on your Android device: http://kirk.senate.gov/cyberbullying
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by US Navy veteran Bruce Carter Hiatt. Bruce served in the United States Navy for 20 years from 1955 until 1975, and during the Vietnam Conflict. He served as Leading Quartermaster and Pilot Navigator on board the USS Bennewah (APB 35) as the Flag Ship of TF 117 in the Mekong Delta.
It was an honor to sit down with PBS for their program “Makers” about the different skills and mindsets that the women of the U.S. Senate bring to the table. They say it’s going to run online at noon Alaska time today: http://www.pbs.org/makers/home/.
As we reflect on all that we are thankful for this month, we should recognize and thank those who are the biggest support for our men and women in uniform: their families, who have to deal with long absences and the burden of service as well. November is Military Family Month, so I encourage everyone to take the time to appreciate the support and sacrifices made by the loved ones of our soldiers. Do you have any Alaska military families who deserve a shout out?
I was #635 to vote today. Big turnout for my precinct. Have you voted yet?  Get involved in the democratic process…get out and vote! It’s our civic duty as both Alaskans and Americans.  Polls remain open until 8 p.m. tonight.
In case you missed it, I joined Bill Hemmer on Fox News to discuss last night's victory & more.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciV9bshb0o8&list=UUeM9I-20oWUs8daIIpsNHoQ …
Miami Herald: Senator Rubio to visit Colombia to talk trade, security:
Rubio Comments On GOP Victory In The Senate: http://1.usa.gov/1uuQh6J  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement after Republicans gained a Senate majority in the 2014 midterm elections:   “Voters across the country have sent a clear message that they are not ready to give up on the American Dream. The American people have elected a new crop of reformers to go to Washington, end the dysfunction and achieve real solutions to the many obstacles standing in the way of all people who are trying to achieve a better life.     “I hope President Obama will listen carefully to the message the American people sent him in this election, and work with Congress to solve the pressing issues facing all Americans. The American people deserve it.     “In the coming months, I look forward to working in a Senate Republican majority to advance the reform agenda I’ve presented this year to promote job creation and higher education, help people save for retirement, improve our anti-poverty programs, and rebuild and modernize our military to meet the challenges we’ll face throughout this century.”
It was a pleasure to visit with students from the Alabama School for the Blind and Satsuma High School who are participating in  Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs.
NA
I congratulate Senator Cochran and Congressmen Harper, Nunnelee, and Palazzo on their wins tonight. It was a spirited campaign season, and I commend all those involved for participating in the democratic process, regardless of party or outcome.  Ronald Reagan once said, ‘The right to vote is the crown jewel of American liberties.’ Today, we demonstrated once again that America is the most vibrant democracy the world has ever known.
