Honored to present Boscawen resident German Sanchez with Purple Heart medal for his heroic service in Vietnam.  Great to have his family here in Nashua for this special ceremony.
At today's Memorial Day observance at the NH State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen
The sequester grew out of political impasse, and now thousands of critical jobs are threatened by furloughs. My op-ed in Reuters today explains why Congress must take bipartisan action to replace the reckless sequester with targeted spending cuts instead of raising taxes on hard-working American families.
May is National Drug Court Month. Drug Courts are a cost effective approach to expanding our efforts to treat the growing population of drug-addicted offenders. We have several in Arkansas and they are proving to be very successful. Read more in our latest column.
Some time ago, Senator Charles Schumer (D-New York) and I encouraged the USDA to incorporate Greek yogurt into school lunch menus.  Besides giving our kids a healthy, protein-filled option, the inclusion of Greek yogurt will mean great things for Idaho’s economy and agriculture industry.  Not only will Twin Falls continue to benefit from the Chobani plant, Idaho’s dairy producers will play a large role in yogurt production.
This morning, I joined Idaho Governor C.L. “Butch” Otter at the Statehouse to present the Congressional Gold Medal to George and Joe Koyama, two of Idaho's World War II veterans. George was wounded by a grenade while manning a foxhole and received the Purple Heart. Joe, served stateside at Fort Snelling in Minnesota. These men are an inspiration for their courage and heroism. George and Joe, we thank you for your service.
Heard about the Wood River Ability Program that helps wounded veterans develop new skills in outdoor recreation. #idpol #veterans #idvets #memorialday
PHOTO: Great hearing from the Panhandle Regional Planning Commission in Amarillo today:
PHOTO: Joined tech leaders today in Austin to discuss patent abuse:
Cornyn Statement on Susan Combs:
AAS: Bastrop County Veterans Memorial Park Dedicated:
It is still the economy, stupid.
Senator Corker was in Kingsport today as Governor Haslam and Eastman Chemical Company CEO Jim Rogers announced “Project Inspire,” a $1.6 billion investment in Eastman’s Kingsport site, which will add 300 new jobs during the next seven years. “This is a truly outstanding day. I want to thank Governor Haslam and Jim Rogers for their commitment to this region and for allowing me to be involved in this effort. I’m concerned that Washington’s inability to deal with big issues has had a dampening effect on investments around the country, but being in Kingsport today with civic leaders and people who have committed themselves to their state and their community makes me want to go back to Washington and work even harder to alleviate those things that are keeping these kinds of investments from happening. I thank all those involved in this $1.6 billion investment for being an inspiration,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1346qPN.
I joined with 44 of my Senate colleagues in asking the Supreme Court to consider the legality of President Obama’s unconstitutional “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board last year. We filed an amicus brief requesting that the Court review the case in its entirety, including whether the president can unilaterally declare the Senate “unavailable” and thus in “recess”, even though it is holding regular meetings. Two court cases have already ruled that the president’s claims would demolish the checks and balances inherent in our constitution. The president’s decision to sidestep the Senate’s Constitutional powers deserves the full attention of the Court.
Congratulations to the college students receiving the National Retail Federation Foundation 2013 Ray M. Greenly Scholarship. Anna Keiser, a Gothenburg-native and student at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, was 1 of 26 recipients awarded a scholarship.
Great to visit with Rural Radio at KRVN in Lexington yesterday. In case you missed the interview on the air, here is a recap of our discussion about some of the latest news and my recent legislative efforts in Washington.
38 ppl Algona Qs: EqualPayforWomen, Pipeline ,Taxes, F&F, Gun Control, MinWage, VA, Syria,DC Judges, FannieMae, farmbill, Immigration, Fed
Emmetsburg- 38 ppl.  Qs aboutF&F, Holder, Dodd-Frank, Benghazi, Common Core, TRIO.  SocSec, guns, Obamacare, immigration, taxes
“This strategic alliance agreement and enhanced use lease will create a one-of-a-kind technology park, Grand Sky, at the Grand Forks Air Force Base. It will actually provide a revenue stream to the Air Force and bolster our chances of getting one of six planned UAS test sites and stimulate private investment and job creation across the entire Grand Forks region. Northrop Grumman will provide top-notch expertise in the unmanned aircraft systems field, and Grand Forks Air Force Base will provide the perfect location to put the company’s vast knowledge and innovation to good use. The agreement and lease will help us to make Grand Forks the premier UAS base in the northern tier, which will pay big dividends in terms of jobs and economic activity to the community for years to come.”
Catherine Engelbrecht is the subject of the second video in the Victims of Government series.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUopMRQFVYs
Check out the latest issue of StrokeSmart magazine where I discuss my recovery & return to work.
We don’t face just one big immigration problem, our immigration system is a complex puzzle with dozens of interconnected parts and pieces, and some reforms must be completed before others can begin.  For this reason, a comprehensive bill will likely make the problem worse.
This week it was a pleasure to meet the folks at SFP in Leawood. Established in 1998, SFP’s top priority is to help growers optimize their resources and maximize fertilizer efficiency resulting in the production of stronger, healthier crops. They believe the future of the agricultural industry is dependent upon fertilizer efficiency, and it was interesting to learn more about the work and research of this Kansas-based corporation.
My bumblebee friend and I aboard the Lorena Marie.  Love Summer in Alaska!
I ran into the Kodiak Lady Bears at the airport today- they’re headed to Anchorage for ASAA’s Softball State Championships.  Good luck ladies!
Yesterday was an amazing day to be at the Pillar Mountain wind project in Kodiak.  Kodiak Electric Association is the only island grid in the nation using both wind and hydro.  These wind turbines alone have saved KEA ratepayers about $8 million.  Love renewable energy!
Spent some time this morning in the Kodiak woods with Navy SEALs showing me how they survive on their missions.  These guys are the best of the best!
Congrats to Youngstown State University on announcement of $440 million in-kind grant from Siemens. Focused on closing skills gap in Ohio.
Visiting Facebook today and writing on their wall. Literally.
Throwback Thursday! Here's the Paul family at the 1976 Republican National Convention. Robert, Mom, Lori, Joy, Ron, Ron and me.
Great news from the OIE that confirms what we have known all along, US beef is produced to the highest standard. We must continue work to increase access to world markets for U.S. beef products.
Some of Obamacare's biggest supporters are now its biggest critics. See this AP story about why labor unions and others dislike the law: http://news.yahoo.com/unions-now-angry-health-care-overhaul-074904729.html
The U.S. Army Garrison in Fort Rucker is one of five military installations nationwide to receive the 2013 Commander in Chief’s Annual Award for Installation Excellence. I congratulate the fine servicemen and women who operate Fort Rucker for this outstanding achievement.  http://blog.al.com/breaking/2013/05/us_army_garrison_fort_rucker_e.html
Excerpt from Sessions' statement on Gang of Eight bill’s economic impact:   “There is no doubt that this legislation will hurt struggling U.S. workers—immigrant and native born, union and non-union, poor and middle class—a fact about which too many politicians and labor leaders have been much too silent.  Whether the interests of the American people are answered in the coming days—or ignored—will be an important test of our Democracy.”
We launched our blog at www.scott.senate.gov/blog today - we'll be updating frequently.
Today, Sen. Bob Casey, Jr. and I had the chance to speak with Roy Perkins of BAE Systems in one of their signature products - the Bradley Fighting Vehicle. In addition to providing our military with great equipment, BAE is also an important employer in York County.
Glad to sit down with The Tribune-Democrat editorial board in Johnstown this afternoon. Thanks for a great conversation.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, attended the Pocono Mountains Visitors Bureau’s Annual Tourism Day celebration. The economic impact of tourism is huge and several attendees were honored for their contributions to it: Ann Pilcher, PMVB; Ruth Jones, Kittatinny Canoes; Eric Lansberry, Cove Haven Entertainment Resorts; Justin Genzlinger, Ledges Hotel; Jenny Hall, Shawnee Inn and Golf Resort. Back row: Carl Wilgus, President/CEO PMVB; Eric Ehrhardt and Craig Ehrhardt, Ehrhardt’s Waterfront Resort.
Glad that my constituent advocate, Shawn Conway, was on hand at yesterday's Veterans' Resource Fair in Sharpsburg. With him here is Mary Ellen Pilarski of the Pittsburgh VA and veteran Eugene Dirl. Good to know that there were several hundred vets and vendors in attendance.
10-yr-old Sarah from Newtown Square, Pa. has cystic fibrosis. She needs a lung transplant and your help:
It is unconscionable that the Obama Administration is issuing furloughs, affecting at least 5,600 brave Mississippians who protect our nation, instead of cutting wasteful spending. There is no doubt our country’s national and economic security depends on reducing high levels of federal debt. However, it is imperative that we not compromise the readiness of our brave men and women in uniform.   The Senate Armed Services Committee will soon begin consideration of the 2014 Defense Authorization Bill. I will use that opportunity to protect our troops in Mississippi from unwarranted furloughs and strengthen our national security posture.
Pleased to join a rally in Columbus this morning with Governor Bryant for EADS Lakota.
