At a Senate press conference today on student loan reform, Sen. Alexander, Ranking Member of the Senate HELP Committee, said, “Republicans have a plan to make those student loans simpler and smarter for the student, so we can encourage them to go on to college. It’s very simple—the same rate for all of the loans. All new loans for next year would be at a rate of less than 5 percent. Students could count on that. And if they consolidate their loans there would be a cap on that at the end.” Please visit alexander.senate.gov to read more about Sen. Alexander’s support for “a permanent solution that will reduce interest rates for 100 percent of new student loans.” : http://1.usa.gov/12rxtrE
On Fox News's "Fox & Friends" this morning, Sen. Alexander, Ranking Member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, told host Steve Doocy,“Our founders didn't want a king, so they created Congress and they created limits on the executive, and this president--whether making recess appointments when we're not in recess, trying to avoid advice and consent in that way; or trying to avoid the appropriations process by appointing czars; or creating, in effect, a national school board by using the waiver authority--they've been pushing, really thumbing their nose at Congress." On reports of HHS Secretary Sebelius fundraising for a private entity to implement the health care law, Alexander said: "We have a Constitution that says only the Congress can spend money and we have federal laws that say if Congress says no, you can't make an end run."
Good news for North Country veterans!
During an important Senate Armed Services Committee hearing today, I pressed top military leaders for answers on what they are doing to prevent sexual assaults. This absolutely must stop.
Unlike Senate Democrats, our student loan solution would permanently fix and lower rates for 100% of borrowers.
Senator Mark Pryor & I honored the lives of Scott County Sheriff Cody Carpenter and Wildlife Officer Joel Campora, two dedicated public servants, who gave their lives while responding to a 911 call at a home in the Y City area during severe weather-caused flooding in speeches on the Senate floor. Follow the link below to watch my speech.
Member of Congress returned to Washington to resume legislative work yesterday. Here’s what’s on tap this week along with some news stories worth reading.
I'm looking forward to joining Carl Quintanilla and Kelly Evans on CNBC’s "Squawk on the Street" at 11:10 am (ET) 9:10 am (MT) to talk about the IRS and Obamacare.
NA
Idaho Senator Mike Crapo traveled Idaho during the Memorial Day state work week meeting with various individuals and groups.
Had a productive discussion on transportation issues with Idaho Sand & Gravel and Idaho Concrete. #idpol #idaho
Last Friday, program trustees reported that Medicare will reach insolvency in 2026, and Social Security shortly after in 2033. Congress cannot continue to ignore the fact that these programs are unsustainable and must be reformed to protect current beneficiaries and future generations.
“The potato is a wonderfully nutritious food that is inexpensive, easy to transport, has a long storage life and can be used in a wide array of recipes. It makes perfect sense to include this healthy, locally grown vegetable in the WIC package.”
Senator Collins was honored to receive the Champion of Agriculture Award today from American Agri-Women, a national coalition of women’s agricultural groups, for her advocacy on behalf of the agricultural community. She is pictured here with AAW Vice President Sue McCrum (left) of Aroostook County and AAW President Karen Yost (right).
PHOTO: Honored to meet with West, Texas fireman Robby Payne:
Cornyn Responds to White House Patent Reform Proposal:
Jay Leno: “President Obama says he’s renewing his efforts to close Guantanamo Bay. Guantanamo Bay? How about closing the IRS? ... In fact, how about shipping the IRS to Guantanamo Bay?”
Obama's court packing plan for court without enough to do
Twenty-four years after Tiananmen Square, President Obama should encourage President Xi to release political prisoners and embrace democratic reforms.
There’s no such thing as a free lunch and there’s certainly no such thing as free federal funds. If states want to expand their Medicaid program, they should be allowed to. But they should not expect the federal government to pick up the whole tab when it can’t even pay all the bills it has now. What’s free today doesn’t mean it’s free tomorrow. I cosponsored a bill to prevent the federal government from unfairly committing taxpayer money to incentivize the expansion of state Medicaid programs. Medicaid spending currently consumes nearly a quarter of every state dollar, passing education as the largest state budgetary commitment. We cannot afford the Medicaid program we have, much less an expansion.
I’m recommending that Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus and Ranking Member Orrin Hatch compel the testimony from a high-ranking IRS Cincinnati office official, Cindy Thomas.  Especially since the testimonies of former IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman and then-Acting Commissioner Stephen Miller left wide gaps as to whom exactly were involved in this debacle, I encourage Chairman Baucus and Ranking Member Hatch to call Ms. Thomas to testify.   The recent reports of excessive spending by the agency when combined with the targeting of conservative groups clearly demonstrate that the IRS has been greatly mismanaged. Given her management of applications for tax-exempt status, Ms. Thomas would be a useful witness in determining exactly how this targeting began, and who gave the order to initiate it.
On top of the IRS' unfair, unconstitutional targeting of conservative groups, it’s shocking to learn this agency also spent nearly $50 million on extravagant conferences and wasteful parody videos since 2010 alone. How can the American people have confidence in this agency to carry out its basic responsibilities, let alone oversee the implementation of ObamaCare? The World-Herald Editorial Board put it right: "the IRS is facing a trust gap." "Like" and "Share" if you agree.
Latest Presidential Nominee With Offshore Accounts
Grassley looks back at Parkersburg, New Hartford : A look back - 2008 tornado
Grassley works to resolve pending Russian adoption cases
Here's The Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Senator Grassley wants the president to address Russian adoption issue
Charles Grassley cares what Iowans think - MessengerNews.net
Introduced a bill to measure the U.S. Small Business Administration's effectiveness. My number one priority in Congress is getting Nevadans back to work. Over the last four years, many small businesses - the lifeblood of our economy - have had to rely on SBA assistance programs in order to survive.  It is important to track whether this assistance has been beneficial to small businesses.  If the assistance programs are not working properly, Congress must take necessary actions to improve these programs. http://1.usa.gov/11BKveO
NA
For Neda & Nasrin the U.S. should designate the Supreme Leader and President of Iran as human rights abusers.
Read and share the letter I signed along with fellow Judiciary Committee members, Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Chuck Grassley, and Senator Jeff Sessions, to express our concerns with the comprehensive immigration reform bill to our colleagues.  We don't have to pass another thousand-page bill full of loopholes, carve-outs, and unintended consequences in order to reform our broken immigration system.
Today President Obama announced three additional nominations to the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.  The D.C. Circuit is among the most important federal appellate courts in the country, but it is also one of the least busy.  For this reason, both Democrats and Republicans have long agreed that the D.C. Circuit does not need additional judges.  In fact, in 2006, a group of Democratic Senators sent a letter strongly arguing against filling an available seat on the D.C. Circuit.  That letter stated that an additional nominee "should under no circumstances be considered—much less confirmed—before we first address the very need for that judgeship."  In 2006, Democrats refused to consider the nomination of Peter Keisler—an eminently qualified nominee who enjoyed bipartisan support—for an open seat on the D.C. Circuit.  Since that time, the D.C. Circuit’s caseload has decreased, making additional judges even less necessary for that court.  For this reason, I am an original cosponsor of S.699, the Court Efficiency Act, which will reallocate unneeded judgeships from the D.C. Circuit to other federal appellate courts whose caseloads are many times higher.  The President’s refusal to respect Senate precedent regarding the D.C. Circuit and his opposition to legislation that would distribute judgeships to courts that actually need them makes clear that today’s nominations are nothing more than a political ploy to advance a partisan agenda.
There were several questions about immigration reform during my last tele-townhall.  My next tele-townhall will happen on Wed. June 12 @ 7:00 p.m. MST.  You can sign up to participate here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
NA
Sen. McConnell talks to reporters inside the U.S. Capitol. http://t.co/0p4RzhqN3I
McConnell: "Having a true policy debate is one thing. But provoking a partisan squabble seemingly for its own sake – it’s just ridiculous. Our constituents sent us here to govern, not to try to pick fake fights in some crusade to restore Nancy Pelosi to her Speakership. What I’m saying to the President and my Democrat friends is this: let’s just put the politicking aside. I mean, there’s no reason for a fight here. So I hope we can finally get to work. Students are counting on us to actually get something done."
I enjoyed greeting students, teachers and parents from Seneca today during their trip to Washington. It's always good to speak with Kansans, and I appreciated their thoughtful questions about my role in the federal government.
Last week, McConnell Air Force Base said farewell to Col. Ricky Rupp who for the last two years led the 22nd Air Refueling Wing — the largest KC-135 Stratotanker Wing in the world. I appreciate Col. Rupp’s service and look forward to Col. Joel Jackson leading McConnell through the final assessments involved in preparation to receive KC-46A tankers in 2016.
This week, the Senate is expected to vote on legislation addressing student loan interest rates. As a father of two, I understand that education can be a family’s most important investment and ought not be complicated by short-sighted Washington politics. Rather than settling for another ineffective, short-term patch that only helps a portion of students, it’s time for Congress and the President to pass a student loan policy that provides certainty and reflects the long-term financial planning students and families undertake to pay for higher education. In the interest of both students and taxpayers, I support legislation that permanently addresses interest rate levels for all federal student loans.
I understand the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) met their goal in hiring more than 1,600 mental health professionals to improve access to mental health services for veterans, service members and military families; however, am curious how many — if any — of those positions have been filled in Kansas. In April, I questioned Secretary Shinseki on this topic and remain concerned about the VA’s commitment to addressing the lack of access to mental health services for Kansas veterans, especially in rural communities. I will continue to advocate for Kansas veterans and work to make certain the VA is providing them with the health care they deserve.
It’s great news that the Dept. of the Interior has hired 130 Alaskans after I was able to restore the local hire provision in ANILCA recently – this means 30 positions at Denali, 9 at Kenai Fjords and nearly 100 more at different locations statewide. Alaskans live on these lands, and these locals are now using their unique knowledge of it in their new jobs at the National Parks Service, the US Fish and Wildlife Service and the Bureau of Land Management. We have limited budgets throughout the federal system, and I want to make sure we have the best people in the jobs.
Congrats to Jenny Strikler in Juneau!  She was sworn in last night as the first Honorary Consul General of the Philippines to the State of Alaska. A great event with wonderful people and great food.
Just stopped by Habitat for Humanity's site on the National Mall. Building homes for veterans - great initiative.
Your tax dollars wasted: $17k to teach IRS agents how to paint like this:
Got a few swings in with the team tonight after votes. My staff joins together with Sen. Marco Rubio's to form #SwingStateSluggers
Sarah Murnaghan is a 10-year-old girl who needs a lung transplant. An arbitrary federal rule is preventing her from receiving one. The HHS Secretary has the authority to waive this rule on Sarah's behalf. Secretary Sebelius says no.
Speaking to the Delta Leadership Institute group this morning about creating more jobs in Kentucky and government reform.
Tornado and severe weather warnings in Orangeburg and Dorchester counties...everyone stay safe and keep updated with your local news and authorities!
Waving hello to the first graders at Clemson Elementary on Skype. We talked about their class project - they are working on new designs for the back of the dime!
The House Ways and Means Committee is holding a hearing now on the IRS scandal. The hearing will include testimony from Diane Belsom of Laurens County.   watch- http://waysandmeans.granicus.com/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=15
NA
NA
Thank you Rep. Tom Price for urging Secretary Sebelius to save Sarah. You are right. All it takes is her signature.
Thank you Drudge Report for highlighting 10-year-old Sarah’s case. Secretary Sebelius has the authority to save Sarah.
I am urging President Obama to raise the issue of Russia's ban on US adoptions when he meets President Vladimir Putin at the G8 talks this month. We need a humanitarian solution for those Russian orphans who have already met and bonded with their American families, yet were not able to have their adoptions completed due to the ban.
