NA
Throughout August, I’ve enjoyed listening to the thoughts, ideas and concerns of folks across Wyoming. Here are a few photos from my recent travels:
On Friday, the Obama Administration announced new modifications to its rule under the Affordable Care Act requiring church-affiliated organizations, charities, hospitals and educational institutions to facilitate access to contraceptives and abortion-inducing drugs despite moral objections.  Upon initial review of these changes, I am disappointed that the administration continues to disregard the importance of religious freedom to faith-based organizations. The proposal announced by the administration does not make any significant changes to the previous "accommodation" and will still force faith-based groups to facilitate provision of services in violation of their religious beliefs.   Religious freedom remains under attack across our country, and a gimmick designed to skirt the heart of the issue will not resolve the issue.
It’s back to school time and last week as I dropped my daughter Caroline off at her first day of first grade, I remembered the excitement that a new school year brings.  I wanted to give a message to our students: seize the opportunities that come with each academic year. Whether you’re starting kindergarten or finishing college, it’s an opportunity: an opportunity to work hard, attain new skills, and discover talents.  While some of you may not enjoy those multiplication tables, others might find the reading assignments to be drudgery, still others may have difficult jobs and obligations after class, or live in a home where it’s always a challenge to make ends meet, or be stuck in a lagging school system.  These challenges are real, and they are often factors in students’ success rate. But let me tell you one thing: don’t let anyone else determine your future for you. When critics don’t think you can get great grades, or make the all-star team, or be admitted to the most rigorous school, that should encourage you even more to do your best.  This is the best of the Texas tradition. We have so many great innovators before us who refused to accept failure.  In the 1960’s, for example, Mary Kay Ash found the male-dominated business world nearly suffocating, but rather than giving up, she created a new business model that would enable women to be both successful businesswomen and mothers, and that put customers first. It has now become one of the best-selling cosmetic companies in the country.  In the 1970’s, Willie Nelson moved back to Texas. After being inspired by the emerging rock and jazz scene in Austin, he broke the mold of Tennessee country and created an untried genre now known as outlaw country. His record sales soon sky-rocketed, he emerged as one of the great American icons, and today, we consider albums like “Texas in My Soul” to be Lone Star staples.  In the 1980’s, when everyone said the oil boom was finished, pioneers like George Mitchell refused to accept that the Texas soil was done giving, and he spent years innovating ways to crack the Barnett Shale, which eventually resulted in hydraulic fracturing, a practice that continues to revolutionize our nation’s energy supply and lead to more energy independence.  It was through their determined and innovative spirit that a floodgate of job opportunities opened to countless Texans and Americans.  There’s nothing stopping you from doing the same.  You are fortunate to have parents and grandparents who have made sacrifices so that you may succeed, and teachers who work long hours to make sure you learn as much as possible. Thank them for all they do to help you succeed and honor them by making the most of every single opportunity.  Best of luck, and God bless Texas.
DoJ reveals the federal government has Lois Lerner's email. Appoint a #SpecialProsecutorNow! #IRS
If the federal government doesn’t cut spending, soon we will be paying more in interest annually on our debt than we spend on national defense. The interest we pay on our debt doesn’t buy anything. A large portion of it just pays people in other countries for loaning us money. But there is a solution - my Penny Plan. It would cut one penny from every dollar the federal government spends, balancing the budget in just three years. Learn more at: www.enzi.senate.gov/pennyplan
Q&A with Senator Grassley on #ALS. 
Spoke at field day for Iowa Corn Growers near Dunkerton  Message: 2% of US grow food for 98% That 2% big job to Xplain farming to city ppl
Bfast w Pro Wayne Svoboda CUNY School of Journalism  First conversation since he covered me in 1980 for DesMoines Reg
“The rapid growth of western North Dakota’s economy and population has also brought challenges, including crimes against women. These grants are one of the law enforcement resources we’re working to provide for the Bakken, as well as a larger drug enforcement and FBI presence in the region.”
I enjoyed reading Paul Ryan's new book, it describes a good man who has good ideas to move America forward. –rj
Thanks to Fighting Illini Football coach and players for hosting Jackson & me – good luck in the first game of 125th season Saturday!
This morning I met with Steve Young, head of VA medical centers in UT, and Jon Skelly.  We discussed wait times in the facilities, new VA legislation, and what I can do to help Utah Veterans obtain quality health care.
My town hall in Layton tonight will focus on the needs of Utah's veterans and military community.  If you are unable to attend, you can use this form on my website to submit your feedback or questions: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/UTVETMIL
This morning I met with Kerry Dorius (2014 Nurse Practitioner of the Year for Alaska!) and board members of the Girdwood and Hope health clinics to learn about how they are providing services in small Alaskan communities.
If Russia insists on using food imports as a weapon and banning American seafood from entering its economy, I believe we should respond with strong and immediate action. Today the Alaska Delegation reached out to the White House and requested that the U.S. should respond first with all diplomatic means and if needed, escalate by imposing a ban on Russian seafood imports into America. Our seafood industry deserves a firm stand.   
Proud of Youngstown’s 910th Airlift Wing for their work delivering humanitarian assistance to Christians and other religious minorities being persecuted in Iraq. We must do more to protect Christians and aggressively target ISIL. 
In case you missed it, NBC's the TODAY Show highlighted my medical mission trip to Guatemala. As an ophthalmologist by training, I am honored to share this with you: http://www.today.com/video/today/55929425#55929425
My Senate office and the office of Rep. Brett Guthrie are co-hosting a U.S. Service Academy Information Fair next Tuesday, Sept. 2.   The fair is intended to provide information to Kentucky high school students and parents regarding the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Coast Guard, U.S. Merchant Marine, U.S. Military and U.S. Naval academies, as well as the nomination process. Representatives from all five academies will be on hand and available both before and after the program to answer any questions that students and parents may have.   Participants are asked to RSVP by calling my Main State Office in Bowling Green at (270) 782-8303.
Just a reminder to join me tomorrow morning in Overland Park at the Tomahawk Ridge Community Center at 11:00 am for a town hall meeting. The address is 11902 Lowell.
Today's town hall meetings include: La Cygne at the LaBette Bank at 501 Market Street at 9:30 am. Hope you will join us!
Rubio To Obama: Unilateral Action Will Close The Door To Real Immigration Reform: http://1.usa.gov/1svCUOc  Washington, D.C. – As the Obama administration considers sweeping executive action to grant legal status to millions of people residing in the U.S. illegally, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today called on President Obama to reject any unilateral action and work with Congress to achieve realistic, step by step immigration reform.   In a letter to the President, Rubio highlighted the adverse impact unilateral action will have on any progress toward real reform, and laid out the steps necessary to achieve immigration reform, including the need to first address border security and protect American workers.   “It is my sincere belief that if we can bring illegal immigration under control and modernize our legal immigration system, then the American people and a majority of their representatives in Congress would be willing to reasonably and responsibly address the issue of millions of people currently in this nation illegally. It will not be easy. And it will not be unanimous. But if we can make real progress on stemming the tide of illegal immigration, I am convinced we will have the support necessary to address this serious issue once and for all,” wrote Rubio. “All of this is why I have grown increasingly alarmed by news that your administration is considering sweeping executive action to give work permits to millions of people here illegally. If indeed you move forward on such a decision, I believe it will close the door to any chance of making progress on immigration reform for the foreseeable future.”   “I know you are receiving tremendous political pressure from certain activists to grant another unilateral, temporary and uncertain legal status to millions of additional undocumented immigrants,” added Rubio. “But to do so, without first taking any serious steps to address the border or protect American workers, will increase the perception of ambiguity in our laws, incentivize more people to immigrate here illegally, and significantly set back the prospects of real reform.”   “As someone who believes sincerely in the need for reform, is the son of immigrants, and lives in a community of immigrants, I still reserve some optimism that you’ll reject the politics of the moment and remember that the decisions you make will impact the people at the heart of this issue long after your duty to serve them has come to an end,” continued Rubio. 
Our nation's current foreign policy is nearly impossible to decipher while ISIS grows emboldened by the day. The President must clarify and communicate to the Congress and the American people his strategy for how he is going to counter this growing threat to humanity and our national security.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/rep-gowdy-sen-scott-issue-joint-statement-isis-call-presidential-leadership
Today is National Dog Day! Here are some of my staff's canine companions--
Today is #NationalDogDay. Check out some of my staff's four-legged canine friends!
If you plan to visit  Philadelphia — visitphilly.com tomorrow, be on the lookout for a party in honor of the #TaneyDragons.  The festivities begin at 2 PM on 20th & Market.  #LLWS #LLWS2014
