Good news - the Senate just voted to take up reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) - the landmark law aimed at preventing domestic and sexual violence and helping victims.
"On the day that President Obama is required by law to submit a budget, we're hearing crickets from the White House."
Another year, another budget deadline missed by President Obama. At a time when America needs a clear and responsible economic blueprint to rein in reckless federal spending, President Obama has missed the required budget deadline more than any other president before him.
During our visit to Phillips County we went to KIPP Delta Public School. We posed for this picture with some of the students we met during our tour.
During our visit to Phillips County on Friday we tour KIPP Delta Public School and visited with students and teachers. We posed for this picture with some of the students who go to school there.
NA
NA
The U.S. Senate has voted to proceed to debate on the Violence Against Women Act. This is the first step and I will work with all my colleagues to get the bill done.
Op-Ed: Congress has a lot on its plate, and some of our most important objectives should include solving the fiscal crisis, creating jobs and getting our economy on the right track.  During this session, we should also focus on regulatory reform, increasing American competitiveness by expanding market opportunities for small U.S. businesses and finding real solutions to natural resource issues through collaborative problem solving.
Cornyn: "I hope Sec. Napolitano relays to the President what Texans already know: our border is not secure"
Cornyn: “Given that D.C. Dems like Sen. Reid have a hard time understanding what ‘operational control’ of the border means, I’m encouraged to see Sec. Napolitano visit TX:"
Cornyn Welcomes Obama Administration to Texas Border:
Cornyn: If Texans Can Live Within Their Means, So Should Washington:
The inspiring story of Senator Mark Kirk's stroke and recovery
Has POTUS forgotten our 7.9% unemployment rate and the human consequences of 20 million + Americans either out of work or underemployed?
Yep, Obamacare still presents a lot of problems
Proud to support Sen. Rand Paul’s bill to audit the Federal Reserve
DMN: Senate to Consider Cornyn Measure to Help Analyze Thousands of TX Rape Kits
Senator Corker introduced legislation to re-establish price stability as the Federal Reserve’s single mandate. “Providing the Fed with a clear and explicit focus on keeping inflation low will serve America better than the broad, bipolar mandate it has today. The dual mandate blurs the line between fiscal and monetary policy and allows Congress to shirk its responsibility to enact sound budgets and policies that produce economic growth,” said Corker. “The best way to achieve full employment in the long-run is to provide markets certainty that long-term price stability will be maintained.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WMzy8M
President Obama claimed today that nothing is being done to subvert the Second Amendment.   Banning guns for cosmetic features and arbitrary magazine capacity limits sound like subversions of the Second Amendment to me. What do you think?
Many folks from Wyoming have contacted my office over the past week and expressed their concerns about sending military equipment to Egypt and the amendment Sen. Paul offered to the debt ceiling increase bill. While I did not support the amendment, I do share many of Sen. Paul’s concerns. Let’s be clear- no one supports sending weapons to any country that would use them against their people, use them for terrorism, or use them against the United States or our allies. The Middle East is an incredibly volatile region and I believe a “no sudden movements” policy is better than well-meaning and possibly impulsive action. With most policy changes, there needs to be a transition period, not an immediate change. I’ve found that this transition can help prevent unintended consequences since no bill or policy can ever be perfect.  An immediate cut-off to Egypt could have enormous negative ramifications, especially for our aircraft carriers and vessels to securely and effectively navigate the Suez Canal. In fact, Pro-Israel groups like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) have also expressed concern with the Paul amendment because it could diminish U.S. influence in Egypt. A better approach would be to reduce/suspend military sales to Egypt until the Administration certifies to Congress that Egypt agrees to uphold its commitments under the Camp David Peace Accords. We need to act in a manner that most assures a cooperative, stable government that provides proper security at the U.S. embassy and consulate facilities.              The planes we sell are not equipped the same as the planes we use, even in that vintage. Because the Egyptian government did not sign an agreement that protects some of our most sensitive technologies, the aircraft were modified for the Egypt sale. They are a couple of generations behind the current F-16 models and lack the technology of the ones we use.
Fremont County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Sandy Tinsley from my Casper office Tuesday, February 5, and Wednesday, February 6. She will be at the Lander City Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m., at the Fort Washakie Rocky Mountain Hall from 12:15 p.m. to 1:15 p.m., and at the Pavillion Town Hall from 2:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. on February 5. She will be at the Riverton Town Hall Council Work Room from 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. on February 6. For more information, call 307-261-6572.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
I am disappointed that for the 4th time in 5 years, President Obama missed the legal deadline to submit his budget. We need leadership in Washington now to cut spending and work towards producing a balanced budget.
will be speaking with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 pm about Thursday's hearing on Benghazi with Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta.
Attached is a letter I sent to President Obama requesting he personally intervene in the case of Pastor and American citizen Saeed Abedini, who was unfairly sentenced to 8 years in an Iranian prison.    I believe the case of Pastor Abedini deserves President Obama's full attention and engagement. It is imperative he personally add his voice to those calling for Pastor Abedini’s immediate and unconditional release.
Grassley: Iowa City Student Selected by Naval Academy
I appreciate exposure givenPaul Harvey’s Tribute to Farmers–he knew food grows on farms not in supermarkets&farmers are #1 stewards of land.
Why nothing on fiscal issues- budget, sequester&CR- even while SenReid plans floor action on gun bill in March? Jobs&econ need leadership
Grassley talks gun control with Glenwood students
Senate to debate VAWA this week. Proud to be a cosponsor. http://1.usa.gov/WEeYu9
Our military men and women continue to put themselves in harm’s way to protect American interests abroad. Congress must do all that it can to preserve the integrity of the decorations and medals awarded to those who have served our country. I’m grateful to Rep Joe Heck for his leadership on this issue, and look forward to working with Senator Jon Tester to pass this legislation into law. http://1.usa.gov/WUMJHH
I am disappointed that the President failed to deliver his budget today as required by law. The President can keep blaming Congress in his speeches for our fiscal crisis, but today is proof that he himself is failing to lead since it is clearly easier to keep spending when no budgetary restrictions are established. Furthermore, he could be using this budget to fix sequestration and avert the looming devastating impacts to our national security and military readiness. I am dedicated to working with my colleagues in Congress to ensure we are wisely cutting wasteful federal spending and restoring fiscal sanity in Washington.
I am proud to have just voted to proceed to a final vote on the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization bill I co-sponsored.  This delivers critical services and care to the most vulnerable Alaskans, and I hope we get the final vote this week.
Today, I joined Senator Kirsten Gillibrand’s bipartisan Resolution Celebrating Black History Month 2013.  As we celebrate Black History Month, we should all take a moment to reflect on the great strides we have made toward equality.  Just a few weeks ago, our nation’s first African-American President was sworn into his second term while overlooking the National Mall, which is now home to a memorial commemorating the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who courageously reminded us that people should "not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character."  While our nation has come a long way on the path to racial equality and tolerance, more work remains, and I urge all Americans to come together to ensure that we leave behind a strong and united America for future generations.  You can read the full text of the resolution here: http://1.usa.gov/XcanxA
I was sad to miss the celebration of life for my friend Adele Hall today, but Senate votes required my presence in Washington.  Since we were voting, however, I was able to speak about Adele's amazing life and legacy on the Senate floor. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOgUxciwndU
For the fourth time in five years, President Obama will fail to submit a budget request for the upcoming Fiscal Year to the Congress by the first Monday of February (today) as mandated by law. At a time when our nation needs leadership on the deficit and the runaway spending of taxpayer dollars, it is unfortunate that there is none in the White House.
ICYMI: Weekly Standard Calls Senate’s Bipartisan Immigration Principles A “Win-Win”: http://1.usa.gov/YxznAm
MEDIA ADVISORY: Rubio To Participate In Inaugural Buzzfeed Brews: http://1.usa.gov/WmqgSM
“Illegal labor, subsidized by federal benefits, is taking jobs and thus hurting both legal immigrants and native born Americans... Before considering some broad-based amnesty, shouldn’t we finally deliver for the American people on the enforcement of those laws already in place?”
I’ve asked the Navy that the USS Somerset, named for the heroic passengers of Flight 93 which crashed in Somerset County on Sept. 11, 2011, be commissioned in the Port of Philadelphia.
