As Sen. Alexander greeted a group of more than 200 Tennesseans, including many students,  at this morning’s weekly constituent breakfast in Washington, D.C., he spoke about approaching budgetary decisions in the Senate. Alexander said, “One of the biggest reasons we have to get our fiscal house in order is here with us now. We don’t want younger Tennesseans to become the ‘debt-paying generation,’ so that’s why we’re trying to make these tough decisions. It will be difficult to do, but hopefully it will create a lot more opportunity for the future.”
Sen. Alexander wore a luckier version of his famous plaid shirt for a decidedly shorter walk on Saturday—marching in the 51st Annual Irish Day Celebration parade in downtown Erin, Tenn.
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander wore a luckier version of his famous plaid shirt for a decidedly shorter walk on Saturday—marching in the 51st Annual Irish Day Celebration parade in downtown Erin, Tenn.
In Case You Missed It: Senator Ayotte spoke on the Senate floor today to call for a vote on her amendment to scrap funding for wasteful "Missile to Nowhere" program.  Click below for video.
Granite Staters - you can support this great cause at your local grocery store.  http://www.nothing.org/nh/
NA
We had a great meeting with representatives from the Pine Bluff Chamber of Commerce during their visit to Washington.
Wyoming’s small businesses employ more than 220,000 people. If we don’t take steps to repeal taxes that adversely affect their growth, business owners and employees will suffer. That’s why today I joined Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT) in introducing legislation to repeal the health insurance tax included in the President’s health care law.  Eliminating this tax will save thousands of jobs and save families approximately $5,000 in higher health premiums over a decade.
I previewed today’s Senate RPC policy lunch with Paul Ryan on MSNBC's Morning Joe with Joe Scarborough earlier this moring. Watch the interview below:
NA
News Release: Senator Tim Johnson (D-SD) and I have reintroduced the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program Enhancement Act.  This bipartisan bill would help meet the growing demand for veterinarians nationwide by eliminating taxes on programs that encourage veterinarians to practice in underserved areas.
I joined my colleagues on the Banking Committee in a bipartisan vote to move the nomination of Mary Jo White to be a commissioner of the Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) out of committee.  Ms. White gave a very clear commitment to pursue the SEC’s statutory mandates, and I fully support her confirmation.  With respect to the nomination of Richard Cordray to be Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), my position remains unchanged: until structural changes are made to ensure accountability and transparency at the bureau, I will continue to oppose any nominee for Director.
Sen. Collins spoke today to advocates of home health care and hospice.  Home health care is one of the most compassionate forms of health care.  Here's a pic of Sen. Collins with members of the Home Care and Hospice Alliance of Maine.
I was honored to accept the US Hispanic Chamber award: Small Business Advocate of the Year.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Current Economic Policies are Burdening America's Youth:
Syrian rebels pick a former Texan as their leader
San Antonio Express-News: Overdue Help on Rape Kit Backlog:
Senator Corker listens as Nashville Songwriter Hall of Fame member Roger Cook plays one of his hit compositions, “I’d Like to Teach the World to Sing,” today in Washington. Corker met with Cook and Nashville Songwriters Association International (NSAI) Executive Director Barton Herbison to discuss the value of music and other issues important to songwriters and music publishers.
Congress needs to stop hamstringing the Postal Service in order to reduce risk for taxpayers. “Like” and “Share” if you agree. Read more about Senator Corker’s disappointment here: http://1.usa.gov/YoRes7.
Senator Corker expressed strong disappointment that Congress will not vote on Senator Coburn's amendment that would free the Postal Service to make one change it believes is necessary to reduce costs.  Specifically, Senate Amendment 68, which Corker has cosponsored, would strike language in the CR that could mandate six-day delivery. The Postal Service estimates it would save roughly $2 billion a year by moving to five-day delivery for some postal products. “This is typical Washington—wanting to have our cake and eat it, too.  We all know that we need to allow the Postal Service the flexibility to make necessary reforms and cut costs so it can operate more efficiently and effectively, and yet Congress continues to stand in the way.  This is a missed opportunity to enable the Postal Service to enact reforms it sees are necessary in order to reduce risk for taxpayers.” http://1.usa.gov/YoRes7
Today’s Wall Street Journal editorial underscores Senator Corker’s call for Congress to stop hamstringing the U.S. Postal Service. Read more: http://on.wsj.com/15XXYT9. Earlier this month, Sen. Corker said, “This is the worst of Washington – here Congress is unable to pass reforms that would enable the Postal Service to operate and not be a burden to taxpayers, and yet Congress also continues to interfere and not allow the Postal Service to make the decisions it believes are necessary to operate viably in the future. If this action is carried through, Congress will be hamstringing the Postal Service, hastening its demise and probably adding additional financial burdens to U.S. taxpayers.”
Thanks to everyone who joined Texas Tuesday Coffee this morning. Always great to visit with Texans!
This summer, Colton Kelley of Cheyenne will be traveling with the first-ever National Youth Orchestra of the United States, as a bassist. The 19 year old graduate of Central High School was selected along with 119 other talented youths out of more than 2,500 applicants from all 50 states for this honor. He will be traveling to New York, Moscow, London and more. What a great achievement, Colton!  You can find out more about the program and what Colton will be doing here:
Weston County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Wednesday, March 20. She will be at the Newcastle Library Conference Room from 1:00 p.m. to 2:00 p.m., and the Upton Library Conference Room from 2:30 pm. to 3:00 p.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
So pleased I was able to meet with five outstanding young leaders from the UNL College of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources. These students are serving as representatives for the Agriculture Future of America (AFA) and Nebraska 4-H Foundation at National Ag Day. We had a great discussion about the Ag Day festivities, key issues young farmers and ranchers are facing, and the need to pass a multi-year farm bill.
Today is the 40th anniversary of National Ag Day! George Washington once said, "Agriculture is the most healthful, most useful and most noble employment of man." Take time to help thank and celebrate the family farmers and ranchers in your community this week.
Grassley seeks a fiscally responsible, pro-growth budget resolution
Senator Grassley will be on 1430AM KASI in Ames with Trent Rice at 1 p.m. CT. Listen at http://www.iheart.com/live/4060/?autoplay=true
Senator Grassley will be on Agritalk at 10:35 a.m. CT. Listen at http://www.agweb.com/multimedia/agritalk_live_stream.aspx
Congress keeps up heat on ATF, DOJ on Milwaukee gun sting - JSOnline
Grassley Plans Meetings In Iowa During Easter Recess Of Senate
Grassley to appear in North Iowa March 26
#Hawthorne photo via RGJ.com
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families who lost loved ones in the Hawthorne Army Depot explosion, and the entire nation is grateful for the service of those whose lives were lost. I would also like to thank the first responders and medical personnel who are helping the injured, and wish those injured service members a speedy recovery. My staff and I will continue to closely monitor the situation.
Celebrating National Ag Day with NDSU 4-H student Rachael Lagein. A big thank you to all those who work in our agriculture sector. You do a great job providing food, fuel and fiber for our nation.
FEMA’s decision to award additional grants to assist with Minot’s continued flood recovery efforts reflects an ongoing commitment to ensuring that we’re meeting the needs of this community following the historic 2011 flooding. This grant will play an important role in helping Minot’s ongoing work to recover from this severe flooding, and I remain focused on working on a federal level for disaster aid that will lend to ongoing efforts like this.
In case you missed it - this morning I talked with Brian Kilmeade on Fox and Friends.
It is unfair to make states with large amounts of federal land pay the opportunity costs of maintaining that land when this land creates benefits that are enjoyed by all Americans.  PILT payments simply do not come close to making up for the revenue shortfalls that counties in western states face when the federal government owns most of the land in these counties.
On this 40th Annual National Agriculture Day, I am proud to represent a state that has a rich history in farming and ranching, and whose agriculture industry remains competitive in today’s global marketplace. Thank you to all who contribute to agriculture in Kansas and in our country.
I enjoyed speaking this morning at the National Association for Home Care & Hospice’s conference in Washington, D.C. Access to quality health care services such as home care and hospice determines whether Kansans can remain in the homes and communities they love with their families. And the services are often cost-effective compared to other care options.
 
 Thank you to Kansas Home Care Association Executive Director Jane Kelly for inviting me to speak this morning and for introducing me at the event.
Secure Rural Schools (SRS) and Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) are absolutely critical programs for many communities in our state, because the federal land they’re built on doesn't allow for local governments to collect taxes.  Today in the Energy Committee, we spoke about why the programs are important and how best to utilize them in Alaska.  I told my Senate colleagues we've got to have some way for these communities to survive.
A huge congratulations to everyone KSUA for being the best college radio station in the country.  The UAF station won mtvU’s Best College Radio Woodie Award over the weekend – beating out a lot of Lower 48 stations to take the title!
I am relieved the Secretary of Defense is heeding my concerns and taking a second look at the “Distinguished Warfare Medal.”  If anyone knows about the value and merit of rank, it’s our military men and women.  I don’t think this new drone pilot award should be ranked higher than the Purple Heart or Bronze Star.  What do you think?
Excited that NCAA March Madness kicks off tonight in Dayton! Hoping to see deep runs by the Zips, Bearcats, and Buckeyes.
Spoke at INSIGHT America's briefing with JC Watts earlier about re-entry initiatives to help strengthen communities & save taxpayer money.
Last night, I appeared on Fox's Hannity with Sean Hannity to discuss CPAC 2013, my budget plan, immigration reform and America's debt crisis.   Click here to watch the interview. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTalBhDYSlw
Today, I spoke before the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce to unveil my immigration policy and outline my platform for reform. My plan calls for both immigration reform and verifiable border security, as you cannot accomplish one without the other.    Click below to read my speech.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/files/documents/USHCC.pdf
Writes Jen Rubin: "His actual proposal is quite restricted, however. In fact it is not clear he favors citizenship at all — the word does not appear in his speech. Instead he favors border security to be certified by an inspector general and then ratified by Congress before moving on to available work visas for those here illegally."
Ending National Ag Day talking with the folks from the Kansas Farm Bureau, particularly nice talking with Lyle and Brooke Russell from Hays.
I fought back against the President's 'Fat Cat' attack against general aviation in today's Finance Committee hearing. American general aviation isn't about Beyonce, Tiger Woods or Wall Street Bankers.  It's about manufacturing and small business.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eTyesjBlJM&feature=youtu.be
My thoughts and prayers are with the the friends and family of those killed and injured last night.  Semper Fi
 
 http://www.iimef.marines.mil/News/PressReleasesView/tabid/16646/Article/139804/seven-marines-killed-and-several-injured-in-nevada-incident.aspx
National Ag Day is off to a great start. I enjoyed meeting with the Agriculture Future of America (AFA) this morning. Joining me are Kansas Ag students: John Sachse and Garrett Kays of Kansas State University and A.J. Carlson Salina Area Technical College.
Rubio Promotes Syria Democratic Transition Act On CNN: http://1.usa.gov/ZbY4QQ
Casey, Rubio Announce Legislation to Aid the Syrian People:   “In Syria, we have a terrible humanitarian crisis that is strengthening Iran’s influence and giving Islamist terrorists a chance to seize power after Assad is gone,” said Senator Rubio.  “This legislation is a way forward in Syria that is in line with our interests because it authorizes non-lethal direct assistance to democratically-oriented groups, encourages creative ways for U.S. aid to be more apparent to the Syrian people, and urges the president to pursue additional, crippling sanctions to isolate the Assad regime and those supporting him.”
Sessions and Judiciary Republicans sent a letter today to Judiciary Chairman Leahy demanding an open, public and transparent process for the consideration of any immigration bill produced by the so-called Gang of 8. The letter says in part:  “As you are aware, this bill potentially could be the most dramatic and consequential alteration of our immigration system in nearly 30 years, impacting nearly every aspect of our legal and economic structure, and increasing entitlement spending to historic levels… The last time Congress considered legislation of this magnitude that was written behind closed doors and passed with no process, it resulted in sweeping changes to our healthcare system, the negative consequences of which are only now coming to light…We do not make this request lightly and hope the Senators drafting such legislation will support our request.  If we are serious about protecting our national interest and the best interests of American workers, we must provide all members of the Senate, and, most importantly, the public, a full and fair opportunity to become adequately informed”
The Democratic budget raises taxes by more than a TRILLION dollars and never balances. That's not a real solution for American families.  http://budget.senate.gov/republican/public/index.cfm/budget-background?ID=c40b04a6-0680-43ca-8f96-f33ef485af37
A couple of pols are pals when it comes to doing good things for children in Montgomery County — U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey and Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman. tinyurl.com/cx6lwr5
Great visit at VFW Post 928. Talked about the proper ranking of new drone medal with our vets. tinyurl.com/c2epy4d
