Millions of American students are borrowing between now and the fall, and they’re trying to decide whether or not they can afford to go to school. The House has passed legislation to reduce student loan rates, and the Senate has a bipartisan plan that is very close to the president’s proposal. I hope Majority Leader Harry Reid will allow a vote on this common-sense solution immediately when the Senate is back in session.
Student Loan debt now surpasses auto and credit card debt – something families and students cannot afford. Our plan gives some relief, saving students $8.8 billion in 2013 alone.
  
 Share this is if you want a permanent fix.
The reason why #StudentLoan rates doubled today: "I'm not looking for a compromise." - Senator Harry Reid  If you're interested in our solution, click below.
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: To secure liberty in our nation, American leaders signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776.  The freedoms cemented by this and other founding charters in our nation’s history and upheld by brave Americans are the heart of our United States of America.   Our Founding Fathers clearly recognized the value of freedom and the cost of supporting and defending it.  A standard of freedom has been established here in American against which other governments are measured and many seek to emulate.  Our liberty is a powerful influence throughout the world, and we have much of which to be proud and commemorate. I join you in celebrating our freedoms and honoring those who protect them.  I wish you a wonderful Independence Day.  May God continue to bless America.
Senator Collins was just at the grand opening of the Cyr Station at St. Joseph Hospital in Bangor.   She is pictured here with Joe and Sue Cyr, and Mary Prybylo, President and CEO of St. Joseph Hospital.
Cornyn Calls on HHS Secretary to End Fundraising for Obamacare:
Greatly enjoyed the opportunity to tour the Port of Houston  and learn about its importance to the Texas and national economies.
After these revelations of political targeting by the IRS, we need to padlock and shut down the building, abolish the IRS, and move to a flat tax or the FAIR Tax.
 
 Like if you agree!
Heavy hearts for the families and friends of the firefighters tragically lost in the line of duty in Arizona. Keep them in your prayers.
Today, I plan to be in Sundance, Newcastle, and Lusk for some public “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. Click below for more details.
I am sick at the news of the deaths of 19 firefighters battling the Yarnell Hill fire. It is an unspeakable tragedy for a town like Prescott and the surrounding communities to lose so many. My heart goes out to the firefighters’ families. We are in touch with the White House and federal agencies to ensure that all necessary federal resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
Sidney TM-32 ppl Topics: Obamacare, Cancer, Farm Bill, SNAP, debt, F&F, Veterans, IRS, Benghazi, immigration
Clarinda TM- 52 ppl. Topics: jobs, Immigration, Obamacare, EPA regs, Guns, Crop insurance
Corning TM- 49 ppl Topics: SNAP, Immigration, Deficit, climate chg, Syria, UN guns, F&F, Obamacare, Partisanship, gay marriage, TermLimits
Bedford TM, 26 ppl Topics: Immigration, Benghazi, IRS, F&F, ExecOrders, FreeCellphones, Guns, Obamacare
Senate in recess so holding meetings in IA.  I tweet topics asked about for press & Iowans wanting to know what grassroots asking about
NA
On Friday, I spoke with CNN's Jake Tapper about the Department of Homeland Security's acting inspector general.
The Rehabilitation Institute of #Chicago helped me walk again. Honored to be back for their groundbreaking ceremony. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=798
"The Founders knew that, over time, either the people would control the government or the government would control the people."
Today, the families and loved ones of the 19 brave firefighters who lost their lives battling the Yarnell Hill Fire in Central Arizona – as well as those still fighting the fire – are in the thoughts and prayers of all Americans. This devastating loss is a reminder of the grave risks our firefighters take every day on our behalf in Arizona and in communities across this nation. Their sacrifice will never be forgotten.
During my visit to Pittsburg, I also gave remarks at Watco Companies LLC's 30th Anniversary Celebration. Watco has 3,200 employees around the globe, and is the second largest short-line operator in North America with 30 railroads serving 26 states, a few Canadian provinces and an operation in Western Australia. The street adjacent to Watco was appropriately re-named and unveiled today—“Watco Team Drive.” Here, I’m pictured with the Watco Team and Pittsburg community members.
 
 http://www.morningsun.net/topstories/x997475397/Watco-to-celebrate-30-years
This morning, it was a pleasure to help Jakes Fireworks celebrate the grand opening of their company's world headquarters in Pittsburg, Kansas. It is family-owned, small businesses like Jake's that prove the American Dream is still alive and well in our country.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of the 19 courageous Arizona firefighters who lost their lives while working to protect their rural community.
Most Alaskans have no idea what goes into subsistence fishing- the hard work, the traditional knowledge and the dedication.  Chuathbaluk resident Eric Morgan gave me a quick lesson in his smokehouse yesterday during my fish camp trip on the Kuskokwim River.  Read more about my trip here: http://1.usa.gov/1b37qYF
I had an absolutely wonderful weekend on the Kuskokwim River.  I visited fish camps from Bethel to Chuathbaluk and was made to feel like one of the family in each one.  Here at Sam Jackson’s fish camp near Kwethluk, subsistence fishing spans generations with the traditions and techniques passed down from Sam to his children and grandchildren.  I only hope that when I’m 89, I am as spry as Sam is!  A huge thank you to everyone on the river for the amazing hospitality!
Here on the Middle Kuskokwim between Kalskag and Aniak, they haven’t seen many King salmon yet, so they are filling their smokehouses up with chums and red salmon.  They’re hoping to see stronger King runs soon.
Have an OpEd in the Cincinnati Enquirer on why E-Verify is critical for successful immigration reform -- hope you can take a look.
Senate Democrats have failed to act on a bipartisan bill to keep student loan interest rates from doubling today. Our students & grads deserve better.
I will be in South Central Kentucky TOMORROW, TUESDAY, JULY 2. Kentucky Senate President Robert Stivers and I are the guest speakers for the Somerset-Pulaski County Chamber of Commerce luncheon. I will also participate in a business/community roundtable in Whitley City. Here are the event details:  SOMERSET-PULASKI COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE LUNCHEON TIME: Noon—1:30 p.m. ET LOCATION: The Center for Rural Development, 2292 South Highway 27, Somerset, KY 42501  MCCREARY COUNTY BUSINESS/COMMUNITY ROUNDTABLE TIME: 2:30—3:30 p.m. ET LOCATION: McCreary County Senior Citizens Center, 2255 North Highway 27, Whitley City, KY 42653
The problem with constantly intervening in these troubled parts of the world is that there are often no clear good guys or bad guys. Today’s ally can quickly become tomorrow’s enemy. This should be a paramount and obvious concern, but in Washington it is almost always treated as an afterthought.   http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/02/world/middleeast/egypt-protests.html?emc=edit_na_20130701
The US should stop giving foreign aid to Egypt: Protesters to Egypt's Morsy: You have one day to step down   http://www.cnn.com/2013/07/01/world/meast/egypt-protests/index.html?hpt=hp_t2
Simply put, will you and your family have the health insurance you need to ensure your well-being? Right now, you can’t answer these questions and neither can the Obama Administration. Like and share if you agree.
 
 http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public//index.cfm?p=scotusobamacare
More on my Republican Address this weekend and the health care cost hikes millions of Americans will face as a result of Obamacare.
Representatives for all three immigration enforcement agencies—ICE, Border Patrol, and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services—have now come out in opposition to the Senate immigration bill. Although the House of Representatives has indicated it has no plans to take up the Senate bill, the immigration officers' opposition indicates just how much remains to be done to repair our broken and lawless immigration system.
NA
My heart goes out to the families of 19 brave Arizona firefighters who lost their lives this weekend.
Glad my regional manager for Southeast PA, James Fitzpatrick, could meet with the Association of Korean Vietnam War Veterans' Philadelphia Chapter today. On behalf of a grateful country, thank you for your service.
Great to sit down and have a conversation with the editorial board of the Central Penn Business Journal in Harrisburg this afternoon. Thanks for taking the time for me.
Our hearts go out to the families of the 19 firefighters lost in the Arizona fires yesterday. Please keep them all in your prayers.
I met with Robin Steinke, Dean of the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg, State Senator Richard Alloway II, State Representative Dan Moul and Mark Hanson, Presiding Bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. Great to be with them to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg today.
Giving a radio interview with WITF from the porch of the Lutheran Seminary in Gettysburg. Behind us is a unit of Union Army civil war reenactors.
On the cupola of the Lutheran Theological Seminary in Gettysburg. From here, Union Brigadier General John Buford watched the beginning of the battle between his outnumbered cavalry and the lead elements of Lee's army, July 1, 1863. His action bought much-needed time for Union reinforcements.
Honored to speak at the opening of the Seminary Ridge Museum at Gettysburg National Military Park on the 150th anniversary of this pivotal Civil War battle. The seminary's cupola served as a vantage point for generals from both sides during the battle.
July 1, 1863: Early morning shots between some dismounted Union cavalry and Confederate soldiers on a ridge west of town begin the Battle of Gettysburg. Visiting this hallowed ground today to remember and commemorate the battle with the opening of the Seminary Ridge museum.
