Please SHARE this major victory for veterans in Tennessee: Sen. Alexander announced Tuesday that the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs had reversed its previous decision not to fund innovative learning support classes for Tennessee veterans pursuing further education under the G.I. bill and will now fund classes at 13 community colleges throughout Tennessee for nearly 1,000 Tennessee veterans. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/JK1ef8
Senator Dan Coats of Indiana, one of those six, said the group continued to negotiate together and with Democrats to see if some changes could be made to the unemployment bill to keep them on board. Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, spent much of Friday on the phone with Mr. Reid, hoping for a breakthrough on Monday. But the senators are smarting over what they see as rough treatment at the hands of the leader.  “I don’t think we should let that be the deciding factor; you don’t want to subject good policy to hurt feelings,” Senator Coats said Friday. “On the other hand if the leader has told you, this is not a one-off — he pretty much said, ‘Forget about offering amendments on anything as long as I’m leader’ — what good does it do to negotiate anything?”
Condolences to the nation of Israel on the passing of former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. Prime Minister Sharon dedicated his life to military and government service in Israel and was a great friend to the U.S.
Ariel Sharon once said his strength was not derived from political echelons but instead from his family and the fields and the lands of his home. As the son of Russian immigrant farmers, it was these values that developed one of Israel's most defining leaders, who today leaves a legacy built on fierce loyalty and devotion to his country and his people. I offer my sincere condolences to the Sharon family and the people of Israel as we mourn the loss of this exceptional leader.
"The story of Ariel Sharon’s life was very much the story of the state of Israel from his birth in Kfar Malal twenty years before Israel was established, to fighting in the Six Days war of 1967, to his service as Prime Minister from 2001-06. He experienced enormous struggle and adversity, but persevered in the defense of the nation he loved. Israel has lost a great warrior and the United States has lost a great friend. May he rest in peace."
Withe passing of Ariel Sharon, America has lost one of her best friends and the Israeli people have lost one of their greatest champions.    Sharon was a fierce fighter for the State of Israel who boldly embraced peace.  His life's work has made him an Israeli icon.    May he rest in peace.
I saw UNI panthers beat Evansville women 64/56
I will always fondly remember the meeting I had with Prime Minister Sharon in May 2002. What was scheduled to be a 15 minute meeting turned into more than an hour as we shared about our mutual love for Africa, where he spent time farming with his father, and for the Torah. He lived according to the passage in Deuteronomy 6:5 instructing us to 'love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.' A lion for Israel, Sharon was courageous in defending his country and always celebrated how far Israel had come instead of being fixated on how much further those around him felt the  country still had yet to go. While we mourn his loss on earth, I believe Sharon today is celebrating being reunited with his beloved wife Lily, enjoying her in everlasting peace.
Sen. McConnell statement regarding the passing of former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon: http://t.co/JjlnMKGMtf
I am saddened by the passing of Israeli statesman Ariel Sharon. His many years of leadership and service to his country helped Israel navigate many challenges.
More than 50 people turned out to yesterday's townhall meeting in Beloit. Topics discussed included healthcare, the Federal Reserve and its new Chairwoman, and ideas on how to reduce the national debt. Thanks to all who attended and for sharing your thoughts, suggestions, and ideas.
Thanks to all who turned out for the town hall meeting in Salina yesterday. I appreciate all the comments, questions, and concerns about the Farm Bill, OSHA regulations, Obamacare.
Less than a month to go before the Winter Olympics, and Kikkan Randall is in top form already!  Go Kikkan!
Contrary to some Alaska reports, the Senate is still debating an unemployment benefits extension. It's a necessary debate and I am engaged in the conversation, but I am seeking answers to important questions.
Visited with small high tech businesses at Ohio University's Innovation Center yesterday. Good input on what Washington can do for job growth.
Looking forward to the Sunflower Showdown! It ranks as the 8th-longest continuously played rivalry in the country. I know who I will be rooting for, how about you?
My thanks to Ray Sharrah and the employees of Streamlight for hosting me yesterday.  Streamlight is a flashlight manufacturer located in Montgomery County.  Also, thanks to  John C. Rafferty, Jr. for joining me.  
 
 Check out the The Times Herald's coverage here.  http://goo.gl/J2ZinB
Welcome home, Coach Franklin.  Penn State Football   http://goo.gl/R0auQ3
