Here are some highlights from what we worked on this week.
President Obama's sequester cuts 2.4% from federal budget this year, out of $3.6 trillion.
Politicizing VAWA: unnecessary and dangerous
How to think about the minimum wage
1389 days since D controlled Senate has passed a budget
Why the key to controlling health care costs, without sacrificing quality, is informed consumer choice.
Will: the SOTU has outlived its usefulness
#UNIPanthers women uni wins ovr Bradley 70/45.
#UNIPanthers women half 25/21 uni ovr Bradley   Amazing  uni was behind 0/15 at begin
#UNIPanthers women vs  Bradley start 30 min
I back Obama initiative 4 US/Europe free trade agreement. Caution it must breakdown  barriers in ag especially Europe accepting GMO grain
AP ovr DNH final 32/24
AP 22DNH16 3rd q
AP 18 DNH 11  half.
AP 8. DNH 4 quarter @patgrassley here too
High school girls bb Aplington/Parkersburg vs Dike/NewHartford    AP vs DNH
Last night, Robba and I helped honor Kansas State University on its 150th anniversary. K-State is Kansas' first public university and America's first land grant institution.  I have learned how special the K-State family is from my own two daughters who both chose K-State for their undergraduate education. I know the university's next 150 years will be even brighter than the last.  Here's a picture of Robba and I with President Kirk Schulz.
The ASYMCA Salute to the Military- a great event for a great organization tonight!
There are so many issues I'm committed to work to resolve back East, but Congress is in recess for President's Day, so I'm looking forward to getting home to Alaska.  I can’t think of a better way to spend a Friday night at home than honoring our brave men and women at Armed Services YMCA of Alaska’s Salute to the Military in Anchorage!
Visiting Jordan and Israel By Senator Marco Rubio  "Today, I am departing to the Middle East on an official trip in my capacities as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee and Foreign Relations Committee. I will be visiting Jordan and Israel. This will be my first visit to Jordan and my second to Israel."  Click on the link below to keep reading.
