I'm looking forward to joining Candy Crowley on CNN's "State of the Union" on the National Mall tomorrow at 9:00 am (ET) 7:00 am (MT) to preview President Obama’s inaugural address.
More jobs are coming to the Pocatello region. The Allstate call center plans to expand.
$16+trillion in debt and Majority Leader Harry Reid hasn't let a budget come to senate floor for 1361 days!
Why isn't Eric Holders DOJ prosecuting violations of current gun laws? Out of the 70,000+ background check denials for lying on background checks, less than 100 are prosecuted.
We have yet to pass a budget in the Senate and for an Accountant like me, that’s not only unheard of – it is unthinkable.   I wouldn’t dream of trying to run my former business without a plan to guide me.  I can’t believe we’re trying to run the country without one.  It’s like being in a boat without a rudder.  You not only have no idea where you’re going, you can’t even control the direction you’re headed.  Surely most people outside of Washington in both parties agree that having a budget is a good thing.  I hope they convey that to the leader of the Senate who continues to block a budget.
I join House Repubs in increasing debt ceiling 4 just 3mos&no longer til Senate does a budget(none in 3yrs)/1st step 2 fisc Responsibility
Grassley Praises IRS Penalty Relief for Farmers
It was fun to get back to Codell this afternoon and celebrate Ellen Hockett's 100th birthday with her friends and family.  I received lots of instruction from folks as I get ready to head back to Washington, D.C.
Joining Larry Kudlow's radio show to talk debt limit & spending debate at 1030 today, listen live here
Joining Larry Kudlow's radio show to talk debt limit & spending debate at 1030 today, listen live here
Had the opportunity to talk with Jim Coleman after a very informative Lauren’s County Chamber of Commerce Meeting.
It was a blessing to be a part of the prayer breakfast at the First North Baptist Church in Spartanburg, South Carolina.
I’m proud to report that Pennsylvania’s 1300 National Guardsmen who have been mobilized to support the Inauguration are the largest contingent from any state. As always, thank you.
