In a joint oped, Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen call for both parties to stop the partisan gamemanship, and start governing and working together in good faith.
In case you missed it, you can watch a rebroadcast of Senators Collins and Amy Klobuchar's (D-MN) discussion of the bipartisan effort to end the shutdown and avoid default on CNN at 12pm.
Where is POTUS on shutdown talks? Taking direction from Harry Reid?
Ramussen: Due to shutdown "[t]here have been hints that Social Security benefits might not be paid in full.   That would certainly get the public's attention. But is the president really ready to tell people that there is no trust fund and that the government's been lying about it for seven decades?"
From an President who promised the most transparent administration in history?
Obama/Reid seeks to raise debt ceiling to $17+trillion: it was $10 trillion when he took office.
Senator Corker said on Fox News Sunday today: It would be beyond belief…to back off from the [budget] disciplines that we put in place back in 2011.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Corker is on Fox News Sunday to talk about the latest in the budget and debt limit discussions
Senator Corker will be on Fox News Sunday tomorrow (10/13) to discuss the latest in the budget and debt limit discussions.  Airtimes: http://fxn.ws/T2aQ7N
When people spend hours in line waiting for an iPhone it’s because they want to. #ObamacareIsNotAniPhone
Anchors Aweigh and happy birthday to the U.S. Navy, the finest fighting force on the seas since 1775. Thank you for your service!
We can never thank our veterans enough. An honor to join them today at memorials honoring their service.
Since I'm a UNI Panther fan u may not blieve this but I am enjoying seeing IowaSt beating   Tulsa
Part2 Is it right for my generation to live"high on hog" at expense of nxt generation ?
The shutdown underlying issue is absolute necessity of cutting down on debt to be left to grandchildren More a moral issue than fiscal psrt1
Since Dems c polls show shutdown hurting Rep more than Dems Dems don't c any need to negotiate w Rep
It is quite obvious obamacare is not ready for prime time. Even the Prez has delayed 5parts of it.  Ppl can't sign up on WEB
Since I can't be in Iowa on wkends to talk to Iowans abt shutdown I want all to know I appreciate and digest the great amount of email/ph
BTW as I continue abt the study of Einstein brain the Post article is reporting on a study published in scientific journal BRAIN
If u interested in uniqueness of Einstein research read studies of his brain in WashPost His corpus callosum was so large comparatively
BTW if u like evangelical worship go to my Iowa church prairielakeschurch ,org
The Senate is in session Sunday. So I'm not in Iowa or at prairielakeschurch or at VillageInn w kids for lunch Hope to be In Iowa nxt wkend
238 years of protection & service. Thank you to all #Navy vets & those serving today for defending our shores. Happy Birthday U.S. Navy.
“I think this morning if we can leave with anything it is that this is an opportunity...to deal with the underlying problem. And that is the fact that we have these historic levels of debt and deficit that are hurting the economy today. It's like a wet blanket on the economy today. That's why we’re not, in my view, getting the kind of robust recovery we all hoped for, but it is immoral to do to future generations. We keep building up this debt and deficit...we’ve got to deal with the part of the budget that’s not being talked about, which is two-thirds of the budget and the fastest growing part, and if we don't do that, we will have failed. If we do that, we’ll surprise the American people and do the right thing.”
As the senior Marine in the Congress, it was an honor to join the veterans at the memorials today.  Semper Fi
Great win last night in Happy Valley for Penn State Football.  Congrats to Bill O'Brien and his team.  #WeAre Penn State
