Enjoyed being on @KLEWNews this evening with Scott and Veronica. Thanks for having me! #idpol #lewiston
Pleased to meet with newly sworn-in Texas Secretary of State Nandita Berry today and discuss our shared commitment to ensuring all military voters have the ability to exercise their right to vote.
Speaking with TX Secretary of State Nandita Berry and military and veteran advocates in Houston about our efforts to put a stop to the disenfranchisement of military voters. We need to ensure every military voter has the ability to exercise their right to vote - one of the most fundamental rights and one they fight to defend every day.
Good luck to #IL Speedskater Patrick Meek in the Men's 5000M event at 5:30 a.m. CT tomorrow.  More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to #IL Speedskater Emery Lehman in the Men's 5000M event at 5:30 a.m. CT tomorrow.  More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
It was good to be back in Kansas for the weekend and make stops in Sedgwick, Saline, Jewell, Smith and Phillips Counties.   I attended chamber meetings in Wichita and Salina and learned about the challenges businesses are facing due to federal regulations. As a member of the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, it was very useful for me to visit Smith County Memorial and talk with health care providers to learn more about how they utilize resources to care for patients, many of which are spread across large areas. I also hosted town hall meetings in Randall and Agra as part of my Kansas Listening Tour. Thanks for the feedback and dose of Kansas common sense.
It's clear that if the American government is going to take its Arctic future seriously and move forward, Alaskans are going to lead the way.  I want to thank my friends Edward Itta and Fran Ulmer for joining me at the Arctic Encounter Symposium today -- adding their voices and insights to this important conversation.
I am very proud of and excited for Kentuckian Dallas Robinson and all of our Olympic athletes. Good luck and Go Team USA.
Great spending time with Kansas State University basketball great Ernie Barrett during another top 25 win for the Wildcats!
Enjoyed visiting my alma mater Charleston Southern this morning to talk about the importance of financial literacy!
