Sen. Alexander speaking at the COMPASS Breakfast this morning in Sumner County, showing educators and community leaders how education regulations are piling up in Washington and discouraging students from going to college. Today he contrasted the current form with his proposal for just two questions.
 In the wake of the Supreme Court’s ruling on #HobbyLobby, the Washington Post’s Fact Checker notes that “Democrats need to be more careful in their language about the ruling.” This ruling is an important victory to protect Americans’ fundamental right of religious freedom – a freedom that Americans have enjoyed for more than 220 years.
It is our responsibility as a nation to protect our children. Despite our best efforts, too many children in Missouri and nationwide still fall victim to abuse. I am urging the House to pass the bipartisan Victims of Child Abuse Act so that we can send it to President Obama’s desk to be signed into law. Despite ideological differences in many issues facing our nation, we must come together and support this important bill. #VOCAA
Today, the VA Inspector General released a new report that found that VA is manipulating claims data and “actually created a new practice that adversely affected some veterans.” #FixtheVA #VAaccountability
This week a member of my staff will visit Jefferson and Union counties to help Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Tuesday, July 15  1-3 p.m. Madison City Hall, 101 West Main Street, Madison  Thursday, July 17  1-3 p.m. Union County Public Library, 2 East Seminary Street, Liberty
Only 47.7% of adults in the U.S. are working full-time. We must get our economy moving again and create the good-paying jobs American workers need. 
NA
If you're in Aroostook County this morning, tune in to WEGP-AM 1390.  Senator Collins will be on with Bill Flagg discussing her efforts to extend the successful Project ARCH program at Cary Medical Center.
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Cuellar Discuss Bipartisan Legislation to Fix Border Crisis:
Cornyn, Cuellar Offer HUMANE Act to Solve Border Crisis:
Senator Corker delivered remarks in Wolfsburg, Germany, today after Volkswagen CEO Prof. Dr. Martin Winterkorn announced that the company will build its midsize SUV in Chattanooga, Tennessee, a more than $600 million investment in the region, which will add 2,000 new jobs at the plant. Watch here: http://youtu.be/8SW2Se3hcnQ.  Corker released the following statement on Volkswagen’s announcement:  “I deeply appreciate Volkswagen’s significant long-term commitment to the hometown and state that I love,” said Corker. “I am grateful for Governor Haslam’s steady leadership, for our mayors, our great community leaders and the workers at the Chattanooga plant, whose commitment to excellence helped pave the way for today’s announcement. Finally, I am thankful to be able to help see this through to today’s conclusion.”  “One of the most meaningful days in my public service career occurred six years ago when I received the call from the Volkswagen boardroom that they had chosen Chattanooga,” added Corker. “Today’s announcement is a similar high point, as VW’s significantly expanded presence means that thousands of more families will benefit from the good paying jobs being created at the plant.” 
I was honored to be in Germany today as Volkswagen announced it will build its midsize SUV in Chattanooga, a more than $600 million investment, which will add 2,000 new jobs at the plant.  I deeply appreciate Volkswagen’s significant long-term commitment to the hometown and state that I love. I am grateful for Governor Haslam’s steady leadership, for our mayors, our great community leaders and the workers at the Chattanooga plant, whose commitment to excellence helped pave the way for today’s announcement. Finally, I am thankful to be able to help see this through to today’s conclusion.  One of the most meaningful days in my public service career occurred six years ago when I received the call from the Volkswagen board room that they had chosen Chattanooga. Today’s announcement is a similar high point, as VW’s significantly expanded presence means that thousands of more Tennessee families will benefit from the good paying jobs being created at the plant.  Read more: http://bit.ly/1kV6U1v.
#SpecialProsecutorNow
Today is #MalalaDay. Take a moment to reflect on her story. At the age of fifteen, Malala Yousafzai refused to accept the Taliban’s dictate that her education, her dreams, and her fate rested in their hands. The Taliban shot her, and she suffered nearly fatal injuries.   Now her voice echoes around the world as she speaks out on behalf of more girls, including the hundreds of Nigerian school girls abducted by Boko Haram terrorists. We join in solidarity with all women facing unjust violent oppression. Thank you Malala for your courage.
Eric Holder still doesn't think a special prosecutor is necessary to investigate the #IRS.  I disagree. SHARE if you do too!
As we continue to seek solutions to address the crisis at the southern border, the lack of information coming from the federal government is unacceptable. I am supporting legislation to provide governors with access to information – already held by the federal government – so they can work to ensure the health and safety of our communities. The federal government’s focus must be on safely returning these children to their home countries and finally and fully securing the southern border. I intro’d a proposal to do just that last year:  http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=660af1d0-6b25-46a7-bd41-abdbb0c26ad6
Listened 2 Charles Krauthammer speak to Senate interns 2day. Presentation was very good. My 1st time hearing him in person. Very impressed
U of Minn Stephen Parente study shows that in 10yrs there will be 40million uninsured under obamacare roughly 10% mote than today
Pres bush CIA director said"al Qaeda is on the verge of strategic defeat in Iraq"  At that time PresObama took command
When confronted w info fr any"computer model" any congressman should ask if the model is for cause of advocacy or search for truth
On Sunday, the Daily Oklahoman ran my op-ed with Congressman Tom Cole on how our military bases are not the appropriate long-term solution to manage the alarming influx of unaccompanied children crossing the border. As we mentioned in the op-ed, the President has already decimated the military with budget cuts and his lack of overall strategy; now he’s asking them to do more. Last week, the administration communicated plans to use the installations now until January 2015 and to house 5,000 more children than the 3,800 current capacity. The President has instructed the military to shoulder this burden because it will always rise to the occasion. But my concern is that the President’s plans will hinder the work our men and women in uniform need to be doing on these bases to help keep our nation safe and secure.   http://newsok.com/jim-inhofe-tom-cole-obama-must-address-surge-in-young-immigrants/article/4987963 
We learned on Thursday that the Obama Administration is now sending pink slips to our soldiers who are currently serving overseas in Afghanistan. My heart goes out to these men and women who are are risking their lives and making great sacrifices yet are now being told they are being separated from the Army and will have no job when they return home to their families. The alarming cutbacks happening with our military are a direct result of the priorities the President has set for the nation with the resources we have. There are many other programs in the federal government that can be looked at, reformed, and cut, therefore the President owns this issue. These pink slips are just the beginning. If defense sequestration continues, our Army could reach pre-World War II levels, which will lead to more troops losing their jobs while on the front lines in the coming years. This is devastating for morale and even worse for our national security.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-on-us-soldiers-in-afghanistan-receiving-pink-slips
This is one of the areas in my office where we are displaying the winners of the #roadlesstraveledutah photo contest.  I would like to thank everyone who submitted their amazing pictures of #utah to the contest.  We have another set that is being printed, so if you were chosen as a winner and don't see your picture here, it will be featured in a future post. @utahgram
Share this if you agree:  "Instead of governing by emergency fiat and continually kicking the can down the road, conservative reformers have an opportunity to focus their colleagues and their constituents on a real solution — putting more of this authority in the hands of states and localities and actually reforming highway policy."
I encourage Kansas high school students to apply for the United States Senate Youth Program. The program is a week-long government and leadership educational experience in Washington, D.C. The application deadline for Kansas students is October 10, 2014.
HooDoo Brewing Company has been nominated for the Best Craft Brewery in America! Make sure to cast your vote here: https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/bestbreweries2014
Flying back to DC now after a quick weekend home in Alaska. These long flights are usually very productive as I have hours to read news, reports and briefings to prepare for the upcoming week. But it's been tough to concentrate today because the view at 30,000 feet, courtesy of Alaska Airlines, has been phenomenal. The Alaska Range was lit up as we left Anchorage, the water down the coastline to Cordova was glimmering against the snow covered mountains and ribbons of glaciers, and now flying over the emerald islands here in southeast - all views that take your breath away, even for those of us lucky to live here our whole lives.  Ive taken several pictures and deleted them all because the iphone doesn't come close to capturing the breadth and beauty of it all. We are so blessed to call Alaska home. (Can't believe I'm saying this, but hopefully there will be cloud cover on my flight out of Seattle so I can get my work done.)
Apparently Gov. Rick Perry's new glasses haven’t altered his perception of the world, or allowed him to see foreign policy more clearly.  Read more: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/07/rick-perry-is-dead-wrong-108860.html#ixzz37RZFQUAL
All Americans should have the opportunity to succeed, and my opportunity agenda is a direct reflection of that. Learn more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/opportunityagenda
My state director Col. Bob DeSousa participated in VetStock events this weekend in Pike County. He presented a certificate on my behalf to the organizers of the Wall of Remembrance, a traveling memorial that honors victims from the Global War on Terrorism. He also visited with Gene Hudson, Commander of the American Legion Post 139 and members of the North Pocono Fire & Rescue Honor Guard.
With Duncan in the new tree house that Patrick and I built. #PASummerDays
Wicker Report | No state in America is free from the stain of human trafficking – a rampant form of slavery that seems unimaginable in this day and age. Trafficking is not a problem faced only by faraway countries. It exploits thousands of men, women, and children in the United States each year. These innocent Americans are robbed of their basic freedom to live as they choose. #EndTrafficking
