This morning, Sen. Alexander met with the students selected for the Institute for Citizenship program at St. George’s Independent School in Collierville, Tenn., to congratulate them and welcome them to Washington.
Yesterday, Sen. Alexander, who is an Eagle Scout, met with Wayne Brock and Brad Farmer with the Boy Scouts of America.
GAO analysts found more than half of the VA’s 50,000 schedulers did not know how to accurately report the information needed to determine wait times and others admitted to changing the desired date so the time aligned with VA’s established goal of 14 days. #FixTheVA
It takes an average of 376 days for the VA to process veterans’ disability benefit claims #FixTheVA
NA
I invite the Majority Leader to read some of the emails and listen to some of the phone calls I get from Hoosiers. This is the number one issue I hear about from Hoosiers as I travel across Indiana. To deny the horror stories Obamacare is causing is to deny reality. But more important than any politician’s hyperbolic comments is the real and devastating impact of this law. Obamacare is costing jobs, forcing policy cancellations and affecting so many families across America. 
NA
NA
NA
#TBT to 2004 when I presented the Spirit of Idaho Awards to two deserving Idahoans. #idpol
For years, I have consistently worked with many of my colleagues to enact comprehensive tax reform to simplify our overly-complex, anti-competitive code and reduce all tax rates.  Yesterday, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp released his tax reform outline plan and I commend him for his hard work and commitment to moving forward on this important issue.  As the Chairman points out, tax reform must be comprehensive and pro-growth.  I will thoroughly review Chairman Camp’s proposal and look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee to move this process forward so that the American people can have a tax code that fosters an environment to create a modern, dynamic economy that benefits all Americans and does not stifle growth.
Recorded a video message for the Serve Idaho Conference being held in Boise next week. #idpol
Senators Collins and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski accept the 2014 Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life on behalf of the women of the Senate.  They are seen here with Allegheny College President Mullen and former PA Governor Tom Ridge.  Read more:  http://bit.ly/N8gW5h
Have you noticed how you bump into Mainers everywhere you go?  Senator Collins met Amelia Pennington, who is from Nobleboro, Maine, today at the National Press Club in Washington.  Senator Collins was receiving the 2014 Prize for Civility in Public Life from Allegheny College, where Amelia attends school.
VIDEO: Cornyn: IRS Should Not Become A Campaign-Finance Regulator:
On "Shine a Light on Slavery Day" sponsored by the END IT Movement, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, today expressed support for U.S. and international efforts to stop human trafficking. "It may be hard to believe in this day and age, but millions of people around the world are imprisoned in modern day slavery. The scourge of human trafficking that hurts the most vulnerable people, particularly women and children, is a heartbreaking global reality, destroying millions of lives while also funding crime and terrorism that threaten security and stability around the world. I join all those speaking out in support of making sure the U.S. and the international community are using effective tools to end it now," said Corker. #enditmovement
It is the singular honor of my life to be able to stand shoulder to shoulder with each of you and fight to #MakeDCListen.
Dear #TeaParty,  Thank you for your tireless efforts to keep the American Dream alive. Keep fighting to #MakeDCListen!
A moving letter from Venezuelan political prisoner Leopoldo Lopez to Pope Francis recalling the Cold War friendship of Lech Walesa and John Paul II:
Today I offered amendments to protect the American people from #IRS targeting.   Unfortunately, the Democrats unanimously opposed them: http://1.usa.gov/1eAw55c
Over 100,000 Americans have made their voices heard on proposed rules to allow the #IRS to stifle political speech. Have you?  Comments close at midnight tonight. Add yours: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
Pleasure to sit down for Politico's #PlaybookBreakfast to discuss the latest in the fight to #MakeDCListen!
The IRS needs to wait until the House, Senate and Justice Department investigations are complete before finalizing new rules.
I'll be on KLIN's Drive Time Lincoln with Kevin Thomas live at 4:45pm CT to discuss the latest from Washington. Tune in here.
Today I introduced two bills to protect Nebraskans and all Americans from IRS overreach. Taxpayers have the absolute right to expect the IRS to treat all citizens fairly, and the IRS has a long way to go to restore its credibility. My legislation will promote accountability and transparency within the IRS and ensure the constitutional rights of all American taxpayers are protected. http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/2/fischer-introduces-legislation-to-protect-taxpayers-from-irs-overreach
Enjoyed meeting today with the North Dakota families visiting Washington, D.C. along with the National Down Syndrome Society.
Tune in to On the Record w/ Greta Van Susteren tonight, Sen. Johnson will join her at 6:05 pm CT!
Joining END IT to fight child sex trafficking criminals like #Backpage:  http://1.usa.gov/1cDnX7X  #EndItMovement
#HappyBirthday to my friend & a true advocate for #Illinois, Rep. Adam Kinzinger. #tbt to a great day helping #WWII vets.
Veterans: Tell me about your experience with the VA, your job search, or any other issue.  http://bit.ly/VETERAN-STORY
Today is the last day to share your comments with the IRS regarding their proposed rule to use the vast power of their agency to target Americans for exercising our First Amendment right to free speech.  If this rule is approved, maybe the IRS should change their logo to the design below where the scales of justice are tipped instead of balanced.  Even if you choose not to leave your own comment, you should at least go see what your fellow Americans think of this proposed rule and share this with your friends.  We shouldn't let one of our fundamental constitutional rights be redefined by unelected bureaucrats in the IRS: http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=IRS-2013-0038
Glad to visit with Ben Affleck yesterday - Cindy and I admire his commitment and work with the Eastern Congo Initiative
ICYMI: Sen. McConnell appeared on Fox News The Kelly File with Megyn Kelly on Wednesday, February 26, 2014, talking Obamacare and Senator Harry Reid's comments. On the Senate floor, Senator Majority Leader Harry Reid says ObamaCare horror stories, 'all of them are untrue'. Click below to watch: 
Americans are fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country in the Air Force, and it's an honor to be appointed to serve on the US Air Force Academy Board of Visitors.   I feel privileged each year when I have the opportunity to recommend Kansans for admission to the Academy, and I’m fortunate to be in a position to make certain this institution provides the best possible education and training for the next generation. I also look forward to working with former McConnell Air Force Base 22nd Wing Commander, Lt. Gen. Michelle D. Johnson, who is the Academy's first female superintendent.
I encourage you to read my op-ed in Roll Call about the importance of defeating Alzheimer's disease. We must commit to defeating this devastating disease over the next decade by supporting the critical research carried out by the scientists and researchers across our nation supported by the NIH. The health and financial future of our nation are at stake and the United States cannot afford to ignore such a threat. Together, we can make a sustained commitment to Alzheimer’s research that will benefit our nation and bring hope to future generations of Americans.
Today I questioned my friend former-Congressman Dennis Moore and actor Seth Rogen about their personal experiences with Alzheimer's disease as well as the impact of the devastating disease on Americans - both personal and economic. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States and there is currently no cure, no diagnostic test and no treatment for this terrible disease. We must commit to a national goal to defeat Alzheimer's disease over the next decade by supporting the critical research carried out by the scientists and researchers across our nation supported by the NIH. You can watch some of my conversation with Rep. Moore and Seth below.
Verne and I are so saddened to hear of Beth Stevens passing early this morning.  She fought a long battle with cancer but did so with courage and determination – characteristics that defined her throughout her life.  Beth was a loyal friend to me and so many Alaskans and will be dearly missed.  She had Alaska in her blood, her father’s grit and was generous with her time and her heart.
So proud of Jane for receiving the Tutor of the Year award from the English Language Learning Foundation for her work at Cincinnati Public Schools.
Appeared on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning to talk about the need for pro-growth policies ahead of the release of the President’s budget proposal. 
Will be on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning at 8am to talk about what I hope for in the President’s budget. Hope you can tune in.
I'm taking a stand to end human trafficking. Join the End It Movement to shine a light on slavery. #EndItMovement
Today, Rep. Poe and I introduced the "Constitutional Check and Balance Act." If this bill becomes law, any attempt by the Obama administration to rewrite the law can and will be stopped.   READ, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree the Constitution should be upheld. http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1112
Today I introduced a bill to stop health care rationing in Obamacare. In the absence of a full repeal of the law, we need to fight the further intrusion of the federal government into the relationship between doctors and patients. My bill repeals the four rationing bodies that seek to limit options for care under the misconception that health care is one size-fits-all.
Had a great time visiting with the Kansas Credit Union Association today. I appreciate them sharing first hand stories regarding the harmful impact Dodd-Frank has had on communities throughout Kansas. I have long fought the regulatory wave hitting financial institutions due to Dodd-Frank and the CFPB.
Senators Menendez, Rubio Introduce Resolution Deploring Violence In Venezuela, Calling For Full Accountability For Human Rights Violations: http://1.usa.gov/1gFO8d4  ...  “With the Venezuelan people struggling and sacrificing for freedom, liberty and human rights, they deserve to have their voices be heard, and they deserve the world’s leading defender of human rights to be on their side,” Rubio said. “Nicolás Maduro and his thugs must be held accountable for the atrocities committed against the people of Venezuela, including unjust incarcerations, violent repression and killing of innocent protestors.    “This Resolution urges President Obama to immediately impose targeted sanctions that are already possible under existing law and encourage a process of dialogue between Venezuela’s government and the political opposition,” Rubio added. “It is time for the United States to support the Venezuelan people’s pursuit of a safe and democratic way of life, as guaranteed under their constitution.”  ...
Senator Rubio Comments On State Department’s Annual Human Rights Report: http://1.usa.gov/1mJdJcf  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the U.S. Department of State’s release of its 2013 Human Rights Report:   “America was founded on the fundamental truths that all humans are created equal and possess God-given rights. For over two centuries, the world has been a better place because America has strongly defended these freedoms both at home and abroad.   “The State Department’s annual human rights report sheds light on foreign governments’ failures to respect their citizens’ fundamental rights. These violations come in all forms, from the sexual exploitation of women and children to the denial of political, economic and religious freedoms. They remind us that the world is as dangerous as ever, and why America’s foreign policy should be guided by a clear-eyed understanding that tyrants don’t care about peace and freedom the way Americans do.   “A prime example is the ongoing government repression of peaceful student demonstrations in Venezuela, where 14 innocent people have been killed. In Ukraine, hundreds of civilians have paid the ultimate price at the hand of the Yanukovych government simply for expressing their desire to be governed free of corruption and Russian influence. For its part, Russia arrested hundreds of demonstrators this week, just as the Olympic flame was extinguished in Sochi. In Cuba, the Castro regime continues denying its citizens the most basic freedoms and holding an American citizen hostage, while exporting its repressive machine to Venezuela. In Iran, an American pastor is in his second year of imprisonment for exercising his fundamental human right to religious freedom and the Iranian people continue to face brutal repression. This month’s release of the U.N. Commission of Inquiry exposed the sordid human rights abuses and crimes against humanity committed by the North Korean regime. In China, the world’s most populous nation, more than a billion people are denied the basic human rights that we as Americans often take for granted.   “All over the world, America has opportunities to stand clearly on the side of freedom and human rights, and we must ensure that our words and actions reflect this message to people who look to us for support. It is important that these nations know that the United States will stand with freedom-seeking people around the world and will not tolerate violations against their rights. Additionally, we must be mindful that American inaction only emboldens tyrants to commit atrocities and continue persecution.    “I urge President Obama and Secretary Kerry to place a greater emphasis on these issues in their interactions with foreign officials and to make sure that in every diplomatic meeting at all levels of the U.S. government, with countries of concern, respect for human rights should be central to the discussion.”    
Enjoyed talking with South Carolina Credit Union Leaders in Washington yesterday--thanks for coming up in the snowy weather!
Proud to introduce SC native William Farrior to speak in a disability education round table in Senate HELP Committee
If you're in #Philly for the USS Somerset commissioning this weekend . . . 
With cadet Ethan Dunlap, Civil Air Patrol - Pennsylvania Wing.
Col. Sandra Brandon, Civil Air Patrol - Pennsylvania Wing, gave an update on the valuable missions CAP runs on behalf of our Commonwealth.
The Civil Air Patrol - Pennsylvania Wing was in D.C. today to brief me on their vision for future service to our communities, state, and nation. They work with the Pennsylvania National Guard to help keep Pennsylvanians safe with missions ranging from search and rescue to fire scouting.
One of the things we discussed was tax reform. We need to simplify our tax code so that farmers and small business owners can focus more of their energy on running their organizations, and less time dealing with government hassle.
I was happy to meet with members of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau this morning in Washington. An 8 a.m. meeting might be early for a lot of people in D.C., but not for our farmers!
Arland Schantz and his family own Evergreen Farm in Zionsville. It was great to have a neighbor from home visit this morning!
In Philly during #BlackHistoryMonth? Don't miss Mother Bethel AME Church, founded in 1787. Beautiful & truly historic.
“I may not always agree with what you say, but I’ll defend to the death your right to say it.” – not the Federal Communications Commission
