Senator Alexander’s website has a new look. You can find out the latest about Senator Alexander, legislative actions he’s taking on behalf of Tennesseans, services offered through the office, contact information and much more.  Check out the new site here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/ 
During a stop today at Coca-Cola's production facility in Londonderry, Senator Ayotte met with company officials and employees and toured the company's bottling and distribution facility. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1557
I visited with St. Louis community leaders this morning and reiterated my support for local and federal officials to conduct transparent, parallel investigations to determine exactly what happened in Ferguson. I've also talked to officials at the Justice Department and FBI, as well as County Executive Charlie Dooley and St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar about this tragedy. Everyone involved deserves answers. 
I’m looking forward to hearing from a lot of Missourians today who are understandably concerned about the Obama administration’s burdensome regulations and disregard for the law. To learn more about what I’m doing to stop executive over-reach, click below.
President Obama and his administration have a very bad habit of ignoring the law and the Constitution. That’s why this week, I’m traveling our state to talk with Missourians who have been impacted by the Obama Administration’s executive over-reach and burdensome regulations. I’ll also keep calling on Senate Majority Leader Reid to allow a vote on the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” a bill I introduced to help allow Congress to hold the president accountable for failing to faithfully execute the laws.
Thank you Randolph Community College and President Shackleford for the great visit and tour.
Starting off day 2 of the Ag tour with a demonstration on UAV use for agriculture. Thanks to Precision Ag for the demonstration.
Great first day of the annual ag tour. Looking forward to getting back out there tomorrow.
On this day in 1878, Robert D. Carey, the 11th Governor of Wyoming, was born in Cheyenne. He also represented Wyoming in the United States Senate until 1937. Photo: Wyoming State Archive
Given the power this agency possesses over the lives of American citizens, it is imperative that the IRS be apolitical, above partisanship and completely compliant with the law. My proposal will provide a meaningful check on the IRS and allow groups to bypass IRS intransigence.  
I enjoyed my visit with Beth, a junior advocate from the Arthritis Foundation, and her parents, Kevin and Yolanda. Thank you for taking the time to share with me! #idpol
It was an honor to participate in the designation ceremony of Interstate 84 as the Vietnam Veteran's Memorial Interstate this morning and visit with the many veterans in attendance.  It is very fitting that the busiest highway in Idaho will now serve as a tribute to the courageous men and women of our Armed Forces for their dedicated service to our great nation.  #idpol
NA
More Obama Administration lawlessness making the crisis on our border worse. We must #SecureTheBorder and #StopObamasAmnesty!
What ISIS is doing in Iraq is unspeakable; ISIS is the face of evil. #WeAreN
Advice to my grandkids: Have family traditions – times you set aside to do things with the family.
Spencer town hall mtg w 28 ppl Topics-pipeline, electric trans lines, med marijuana, wind energy, immig, Iraq, fast&furious, min wage, debt
Sheldon town hall mtg w 32 ppl Topics-  Debt, VA, Bergdahl, Lewis and Clark water, Hamas funding, guns, Obamacare, GMO labeling, immig
Sibley Town hall mtg w 36 ppl Topics-inversions, EPA regs, tax hikes?, immig, partisanship, energy, Russia, term limits, common Core
Rock Rapids Town Hall mtg w 46 ppl Topics-EPA regs, IRS, immigration, Common Core, Lewis and Clark, Iraq, pipeline
Why did the Drug Enforcement Administration pay $854,460 for information it could have had for free?  Senator Grassley wants to know.  Read more here and on Grassley's website: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-seeks-answers-dea-payment-854460-amtrak-passenger-information.  
Sioux Center town hall mtg w 49 ppl Topics-immigration, Obamacare, Lewis and Clark, EPA regs, min wage, Israel/Hamas
Q&A w Le Mars Kiwanis 29 ppl Topics-natl debt, immig, marijuana, partisanship, Iraq, VA, 2016 president election
I'm in Lemars Iowa overnite to do 10county meetings in NW Iowa Tues&Wed. After this wk I will hv 11counties to finish 99counties for 34th yr
“Last August, we hosted the Postmaster General in Williston and showed him potential sites for a much-needed new postal facility for this growing community. Today, we celebrate the opening of this full-service facility. We appreciate all those, including our local postal officials, who worked so hard to make this post office a reality.”
According to community leaders, there are nearly 100,000 Iraqi Christians living in Illinois and their brothers and sisters in Iraq face extermination at the hands of ISIS terrorists. The United States must not abandon this community, which traces its roots in the region to biblical times.
AP reports: Senator McConnell urges Senate to reauthorize law [Debbie Smith Act] aimed at quick processing of rape kits. Debbie Smith said Senator McConnell's "commitment to this legislation speaks of his devotion to women, to crime victims & their families"
NA
McConnell pushing for passage of bill to speed rape investigations. Click link below to view report from WDRB TV in Louisville, Kentucky. 
Senator McConnell: "Passing the Debbie Smith Act will help speed up the testing of rape kits to solve crimes and provide relief to the victims of sexual violence. It will help ensure that more of the perpetrators of these terrible crimes are brought to justice. And it is critical to provide crime labs like this one with the resources they need to eliminate backlogs and speed up investigations"
Kansas sky on a summer night.  Photo by Rob Zima of Manhattan, KS.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense newsletter, I introduce new Senate legislation that calls for toxic exposure research, report on my visits to Kansas hospitals and share my conversations from Vietnam Veterans of America Conference in Wichita. It also includes a list of upcoming town hall meetings.
Saw Honda's assembly plant in East Liberty this afternoon. It's always inspiring to meet with workers and see Ohio's manufacturing strength.
Read more about my day in the operating room HERE: http://www.wdrb.com/story/26258808/rand-paul-performs-free-eye-surgery-in-louisville
I teamed-up today with Dr. Frank Burns to perform three pro-bono eye surgeries at the Dupont Surgery Center in Louisville. I'm grateful for the opportunity to help in this way and restore vision for those in need (and also keep my skills sharp).
Check out Remy's (of Reason) newest video shedding light on TSA overreach.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCXaRym-K1I&list=PL02D02B9A144182DB
Back in Eureka, Kansas today for the latest stop on our statewide listening tour. Folks here are fed up with all the President's executive orders, and so am I!
Lively and productive conversation at our town hall in Hiawatha this afternoon. We focused on immigration, the impact of Obamacare on rural communities, and the job stifling regulations coming out of the Obama administration.
Great talking with the Greenville Rotary Club this afternoon--thanks for all the work you do in our community!
Fun stop at the Penn State Creamery. The mint chocolate chip was great and my kids will love my to-go order tonight!
Glad to meet with the Pennsylvania Fraternal Order of Police in Carbon County. Thanks for keeping us safe every day!
Had a great lunch yesterday with the Boy Scouts of America in Bloomsburg – they look like future Eagle Scouts to me!
