Helped kick-off the "Healing Through Birds" program at the New Hampshire Veterans Home in Tilton on Friday.  The program was started by Robert Vallieres, a wounded warrior from Concord as a way to help veterans who may be struggling with traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder, or other injuries heal through learning about birds and birdwatching.  Also joined Robert and members of the New Hampshire Audubon Society at Carter Hill Orchard in Concord to bird watch.
Was glad to meet with workers at Horizon Beverage in Concord last week, a family-owned business that employs 40 people.  Also heard from their leadership about the need to create a better tax and regulatory climate that will allow Horizon to continue to grow and be successful.
I'm deeply saddened by the loss of McKenzie Lowe, a sweet and special girl who bravely fought her illness with a resilient spirit & inspiring determination to live life to the fullest. My heart goes out to her family.
The recent attempt by the mayor of Houston, Texas to subpoena sermons from local pastors is extreme government overreach and a violation of the fundamental freedoms of religion and speech that Americans have enjoyed for more than 220 years. A Commissioner on the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights called this “…a blatant attempt to punish these pastors for expressing their religiously-based political views.” Pastors and faith-based organizations should not be forced to surrender their First Amendment rights to government, and we must continue the fight to protect religious liberty for all Americans.
If President Obama is talking #manufacturing, he should encourage the Democrat-controlled Senate to pass the bipartisan manufacturing bill I introduced with Senator Brown that passed the House last month.
I’ve received a few questions about the 21-day quarantine –   I certainly understand the difficult decisions Governors across our nation are facing and why they may have come to the conclusion that a 21-day mandatory quarantine might be needed.  These decisions are made that much more difficult in light of the constantly evolving guidance from CDC. Decisions on how best to stop the spread of this virus must be rooted in the science of how difficult it is for Ebola to be transmitted, and ultimately support a strategy that defeats Ebola overseas in West Africa.  It would be a mistake to take actions that would deter aid workers from going overseas to assist in the efforts to stop the spread of this deadly virus—which we must do in order to protect the American people. As we have seen with CDC’s constantly changing guidelines, we need certainty and consistency, not further confusion and inconsistencies. I hope that the Administration and individual Governors’ actions will be based on the science of Ebola and the risk posed by individuals returning from the hot zones.
EPA’s latest attempted power grab will make life harder for Arkansas families, especially farm families. This proposed rule will give Washington virtually unlimited authority over all state and local waters. It’s an unprecedented takeover perpetrated by abuse of the rule making process. The administration has purposefully misrepresented the impact of this proposed rule and given stakeholders little opportunity to engage in the process in a meaningful way. That is why we are calling on the administration to immediately withdraw this proposed rule. I am committed to stopping to this administration’s attacks on our way of life, especially in rural areas, and the ‘Waters of the U.S.’ rule certainly falls into that category.
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from Jenny in Conway - I recently read in the news about more businesses relocating out of the country so they can avoid paying US corporate tax. What can be done to end businesses moving out of the country?
NA
Another strong and spirited meeting at our Eagle town meeting.  I agree, we need to get past the gridlock in Congress with bipartisan solutions. #idpol
Mayor Jim Reynolds and new Chief of Police Patrick Calley made me an honorary member of the Eagle Police Department before my town meeting at Eagle City Hall.  Thank you for the hospitality! #idpol
We had a great town meeting in Garden City last week.  Thanks to Mayor John Evans for opening City Hall for us! #idpol
After living for years at the mercy of the Russian Federation, today Lithuania welcomed the Independence, a floating liquefied natural gas terminal capable of transporting 170,000 cubic meters of LNG to its port in Klaipėda. Capable of supplying a majority of Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia’s energy needs, this commemorative ceremony is a defining geopolitical moment of economic liberalization. As Lithuanian president Dalia Grybauskaitė declared, “Nobody will be able to blackmail or force us to pay the political price.”   As we celebrate Lithuania’s step toward energy security, the United States faces a pivotal question: will we lead the world into a new generation of energy prosperity, or will we allow tyrants like Vladimir Putin to determine our future? We have an opportunity not only to aid the Baltic States in breaking their dependence on Russia, but also to unleash the American energy renaissance within our own borders. Washington must lift oppressive export regulations on LNG immediately, removing barriers between economic growth and American innovators poised to bring it about.
You should see where I’ve been. You should see what I’ve seen. You can. Wyoming works! Click here for an interactive experience of my continuing journey through Wyoming as I learn directly from the working folks of our state - what it is they do, how they do it and what they need to do it better.
Visited the WyoTech - Laramie automotive program on October 16 to see how they help students gain the skills they need to compete for a better job, command higher wages and start a career that will lead to meaningful wage progression. Thanks to President Guy Warpness, Director of Education Caleb Perriton, Director of Career Services Martin Axlund and the whole WyoTech team for all the information. #WyoWorks
Thanks to the folks at LM Olson, a general contractor and construction management company based in Rawlins, for talking to me on October 16 about the important issues facing the construction industry. I also visited their recent project, the Carbon County Higher Education Career and Technical Education Center. The beautiful new 28,000-square-foot facility in Rawlins will help train high school and adult learners in health education, construction, welding, woodworking, automotive work, and more. #WyoWorks
In the United States, we have a constitutional right to religious freedom that continues to make our nation a beacon of liberty for the rest of the world.  International Religious Freedom Day serves to remind us today that millions around the world are still fighting for their right to practice their faith peacefully in public. Persecution of religious minorities continue to unfold throughout the world, and in response I continue my fight to establish, expand and protect the freedom of religion for all. This year, I reintroduce my resolution with Congressman Jim Bridenstine that urges the United States to assist in the protection of religious minority rights and freedoms in the Arab world. You can read more about the legislation here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-bridenstine-introduce-resolution-to-protect-religious-minorities-in-arab-nations
Today I joined President Grybauskaite of Lithuania, and the Prime Ministers of Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania to mark the opening of Lithuania’s first liquefied natural gas (LNG) import facility. President Obama must continue to expedite LNG export permit applications to support our friends and allies. Global demand for LNG is expanding, and the more LNG the United States makes available, the more quickly we will be able to turn the tables on President Putin and ensure the energy security of our friends and allies around the world.
Studies have found that kids who are bullied are more likely to commit suicide than their peers.  I partnered with kids from across Illinois to create a mobile app to help stop cyberbullying.  See it in action and download:
Did you know? 1 in 4 kids is repeatedly bullied online.  Learn more about what you can do to help stop cyberbullying:
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Dave Christensen. Pictured here are the Utah Honor Flight World War II veterans folding a flag which was flown over Ft. McHenry in Baltimore, Maryland. Thank you for your loyalty and selfless service to our great country.
Thanks to the more than 60 McPherson area residents who came out to my McPherson County Kansas Listening Tour Stop to discuss issues of importance to Kansas and the nation. I heard concerns about the Affordable Care Act, Medicare, Social Security, military strategy, the deficit, and Country of Origin Labeling (COOL). I also appreciated that Congressman Dick Nichols and McPherson Mayor Tom Brown attended.
I started my day in Hutchinson at the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center. Thanks to Cosmosphere CEO Dick Hollowell, President and COO Jim Remar, and Board Member and past Hutchinson Community College President Dr. Ed Berger for a great discussion about efforts to refocus the purpose of the Cosmosphere. Their goal is to make it more interactive and a place where 4th and 5th graders can apply what's being taught in the classroom. We also discussed the importance of STEM—science, technology, engineering and mathematics—education. The competitiveness of our state and nation is directly related to the quality of our students’ education, and their interest in making the Cosmosphere a learning center—not just an entertainment center—will benefit Kansas students and teachers.
Today I joined Salina Rotarians the Bicentennial Center for their weekly Monday meeting. Here, Rotarian Mark Bandre of Kansas Wesleyan and Salina Mayor Aaron Householter are giving their classification talks. Attending today gave me the opportunity to visit with a number of community leaders, as well as get a make-up slip to overcome my many missed meetings for my hometown club in Hays.
As the month of October – Domestic Violence Month – comes to a close, I’d like to bring attention to the horrific problem so many individuals and families endure. In Kansas, an estimated one in 10 adult women will suffer from domestic abuse this year. Men and children are victims as well. Whether we realize it or not, statistics prove all of us know someone who is suffering physical and psychological abuse. We should continue to draw attention to these crimes and encourage anyone who needs help to seek it. Before the Senate adjourned, I spoke about this topic on the Senate floor. You can watch my speech below.
Small Iowa business violated by #IRS. Even the New York Times sees the inhumanity in it.  The 5th Amendment needs a rebirth: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/26/us/law-lets-irs-seize-accounts-on-suspicion-no-crime-required.html?rref=us&module=Ribbon&version=origin&region=Header&action=click&contentCollection=U.S.&pgtype=article&_r=3
MUST-READ: 'Dividing and Conquering the Trash" via @nytimes http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/26/business/dividing-and-conquering-the-trash.html?_r=1&referrer
ICYMI: Rubio Marks 50th Anniversary Of Reagan’s "A Time For Choosing": http://www.nationalreview.com/article/391249/speech-all-time-marco-rubio  ...  In the half century since that speech, some of the policy debates Reagan discussed have changed while others have not. But every single one of the principles he outlined is just as relevant today as in 1964. I believe the modern conservative movement can find its roots in that speech, but I also believe it can find its blueprint for the months and years ahead, starting with the election next week.   Republican candidates today have an opportunity — and an obligation — to do what Reagan did in 1964: explain exactly what makes America exceptional and exactly what will be required to keep her that way.   ...
Rubio Marks International Religious Freedom Day, Highlights Cases Of Religious Persecution Around The World: http://1.usa.gov/1yFRar7  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement marking International Religious Freedom Day and condemning examples of religious persecution around the world:   “Religious freedom is not just an American ideal, but a human one. On this International Religious Freedom Day, I stand in solidarity with everyone across the globe who is forced to practice their chosen faith in secret for fear of persecution, including in some cases, the threat of death.   “In 2013, the world witnessed the largest displacement of religious communities in recent memory, and the trend in 2014 has only gotten worse. Today is a day to not only remember international religious freedom, but a time to renew America’s commitment to advocating for religious freedom abroad, and our moral responsibility to speak out when it is threatened anywhere.   “Such is the case in China where Alimujiang Yimiti, a Muslim convert to Christianity, was sentenced to 15 years in prison in 2009 and is still being imprisoned ‘solely because of his faith.’ In Pakistan, Asia Bibi, a Christian woman, was sentenced to death in 2010 for blasphemy and has been languishing in a jail ever since as her husband and five children live under death threats and have been forced into hiding. In Iran, Saeed Abedini, a 32-year-old American citizen with dual Iranian citizenship, has been imprisoned since 2012, where he has received regular beatings resulting in severe internal bleeding, for practicing his Christian faith. In Burma, anti-Muslim violence fueled by Buddhist intolerance and xenophobia has provoked a humanitarian and human rights disaster with an estimated 900 Rohingyas fleeing the country per day. As awful as these examples of ruthless injustice are, perhaps nowhere has intolerance and evil combined to destroy people of faith more than it has in Iraq and Syria, where the Islamic State is engaged in a systemic effort to wipe out all religious minorities, including Christians.   “Protecting religious freedom around the world must be a top priority of our foreign-policy agenda. On this International Religious Freedom Day, I encourage all who love freedom to speak out against these offenses and stand tall for universal religious freedom. I also pray that, every American finds meaningful time to spend with family and friends in prayer and devotion, and in thanking God that we live in the freest country in human history.”
Great spending time at DuBose Middle School in Summerville with Zion recently, a young man who has been incredibly brave in his battle with Sickle Cell Anemia.
It was great to speak to David Taylor at the Pennsylvania Manufacturers Association about the economy, jobs, and too much red tape coming from Washington. http://vimeo.com/109986615
It’s been 50 years since Ronald Reagan’s  “A Time For Choosing” speech. His message still holds true today: smaller government, personal freedom, and opportunity for all.
Wow.  Who had Big Ben on their fantasy team!
We are thrilled to welcome SeaPort Airlines to Tupelo Regional Airport.  Service to Memphis and Nashville begins today.
Wicker Report | President Obama wants Americans to believe that their lives have improved since he took office. In a September interview with “60 Minutes,” he deflected criticism about his record by referencing Ronald Reagan’s memorable line from a 1980 presidential debate with Jimmy Carter: “Are you better off than you were four years ago?” President Obama asserted that the country is “definitely better off” today than it was six years ago. Most Americans, however, disagree with this wishful thinking.
