Alexander made the following statement today on former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who passed away: “Margaret Thatcher was conservative, principled and charismatic. She also knew how to turn her principles into results that strengthened Great Britain. She was the British version of Ronald Reagan, or perhaps he was the American version of her.”
On Saturday, Senator Ayotte had the honor of participating in a special ceremony honoring the 129 service members and civilians who perished 50 years ago aboard the U.S.S. Thresher submarine.
 
 Read more: http://www.fosters.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20130406/GJNEWS_01/130409498/0/SEARCH
Senator Ayotte's statement on the passing of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher: "Margaret Thatcher was a stalwart ally who understood the need for a strong transatlantic alliance and the unambiguous defense of freedom. I admired the ‘Iron Lady’ for her strength, courage and leadership, which will continue to inspire new generations on both sides of the Atlantic."
I'm very sad to hear about the passing of Margaret Thatcher. Her work with Ronald Reagan & Pope John Paul II changed the world.
This morning I was sad to hear the news of Margaret Thatcher’s passing. The former Prime Minister was always a great friend and ally of the United States. Join me as I pay tribute to her memory by sharing my favorite quote from the Iron Lady.  “The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money.”
NA
NA
NA
Op-Ed: A brownfield is a property where redevelopment or reuse is complicated by actual or perceived environmental contamination.  There are currently 224 brownfield-eligible sites in Idaho alone and even when these sites do not pose a threat to health, the mere perception of contamination can discourage redevelopment.  The Brownfields Program provides assistance to clean up any contamination and prepare the site for redevelopment.  The best way to grow jobs on these properties is by working together in a timely manner to clean up and redevelop the properties.  I will continue to work with my colleagues toward advancing this legislation that can help more Idaho communities redevelop properties into productive businesses.
Saddened to learn this morning of the death of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, an inspirational leader who served Britain and the world well.  My prayers go out to the British people and Lady Thatcher’s family.  May her legacy continue to inspire us all.
Senator Collins was honored to participate in a ceremony Sunday in Kittery honoring the U.S. Navy sailors and civilian heroes who died aboard the USS Thresher 50 years ago.
 
 Read more in the Foster's Daily Democrat:
 
 http://www.fosters.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20130408/GJNEWS_01/130409392
Fort Worth Star-Telegram: Cornyn Describes Thatcher as 'Formidable:'
Cornyn Statement on the Passing of Margaret Thatcher:
"Cornyn added an amendment to the budget that halts paychecks for the OMB director if [POTUS] misses another deadline"
Washington Examiner: "As Publius observed in the Federalist Papers, ours is "a federal, and not a national constitution." As a result, federal powers are "few and defined," while those of the states are "numerous and indefinite," encompassing "all the objects" that "concern the lives, liberties and properties of the people," Publius wrote."
Byron York: 43 members of the Senate — including three members of the Gang [of 8] itself — were not in the Senate the last time around [that the Senate considered immigration reform].
RIP, Margaret Thatcher
Senator Corker today made the following statement on the passing of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. “Margaret Thatcher will rightly be remembered as a plain-spoken and aggressive advocate for democracy and free markets and for her strong leadership in the fight against communism, which helped preserve and strengthen Western values and institutions for generations to come. Her courage, clear thinking and lifelong friendship with the United States continues to inspire us all,” said Corker.
Today I joined Sens. Rand Paul, R-Ky., Mike Lee, R-Utah, Ted Cruz, R-Texas and others in signing a letter sent to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., expressing our intention to oppose the motion to proceed to any legislation that will impose additional gun restrictions.
Niobrara County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Tuesday, April 9. She will be at the Lusk City Hall from 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m., and the will also stop by the Lusk Senior Center for a visit from 11:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Here is footage from my maiden speech on the Senate floor earlier today. I used the speech to discuss my plans to bring Nebraska values to Washington.
Looking forward to delivering my maiden speech on the Senate floor this afternoon at 3:30 pm CT/2:30 pm MT. You can tune in on C-SPAN2 to see the speech live or watch online here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
A grocer’s daughter who rose to become Britain’s first female Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher will always be remembered for her steely resolve and transformational leadership. Alongside her partner and friend, Ronald Reagan, Thatcher helped lead the world beyond the Iron Curtain’s long shadow to a freer, more prosperous time. The Iron Lady’s legacy of unflinching boldness in confronting economic doldrums at home and pervasive communism abroad stands as a gold standard for all elected leaders seeking the political courage to make difficult decisions.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the great role models in the history of the conservative movement.  Her foreign policy was clear eyed and firm. She, along with Ronald Reagan and Pope John Paul II stood up to communism, the great evil of their time, with an uncompromising conviction. They understood the ideology was evil and restricted the better nature of mankind.  Domestically, she took Great Britain off the path to socialism and unleashed the power of the British people. Her belief in the power of the individual over the false security of reliance on government control inspires to this day.  During the coming days she will receive much adulation and credit, but in my view the best way to pay homage to Margaret Thatcher is to follow on the path she laid out -- trust in the people and stand up to evil when you find it.  The great evil of our day is radical Islam and the world would be served well if today's political leaders show the same determination to defeat radical Islam Margaret Thatcher, Ronald Reagan and Pope John Paul II displayed to standing up to communism.  Both ideologies, communism and radical Islam, intend to enslave the human spirit. With the passing of Margaret Thatcher let us all recommit ourselves to standing up to radical Islam, the great evil of our time.
Unique Rules for Budget Allow Senate Votes on Amendments
I really enjoyed skyping wDrWigton public relations class at ISU. Study hard and don't tweet anything I wld not Assume u study hard
Grassley Gives Floor Speech, Writes to Firm in Health Care Stock Spike Incident
Watch Senator Grassley discuss a seeming government leak about Medicare payments that moved financial markets last week live at http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/.
Grassley to Give Floor Speech, Writes to Firm in Health Care Stock Spike Incident
Sec of State Kerry must get whistleblower Wasserstrom his full award granted by UN panel Paltry 65000 sends signal don't blow whistl at UN
GreatBritain is a greater nation today  from MargaretThatcher leadership.she saved the island fr its Socialist economy  &gaveMORALleadership
Grassley Wants Answers on ‘Political Intelligence’
Over the years, UNLV basketball has become a blueprint for success, which never could have happened without Coach Tarkanian. He is no doubt a living legend whose story of leadership is echoed in the countless players he coached, guided, and mentored, as well as in his many fans. In fact, when I was elected to Congress, I brought a basketball Coach Tarkanian signed many years ago to display in my office as a reminder of the positive influence he and his wife, Lois, have had on our community. Congratulations to Coach Tarkanian on the well-deserved Basketball Hall of Fame induction. 
 http://1.usa.gov/Zd6EjE
The people of Great Britain, the United States and believers in small-government principles throughout the world lost an icon with the passing of Margaret Thatcher today. With her strength of character and unfaltering conviction, she forged a new path forward along with another hero of the conservative approach to government, former President Ronald Reagan. My thoughts and prayers are with her family and the people of Great Britain as they mourn the loss of their former prime minister.  http://1.usa.gov/12yTt30
Today the world lost a transformative leader and inspirational woman in Margaret Thatcher. Thatcher's influence on economic policy, democracy, and freedom brought about a wealth of opportunities for millions. May her conservative legacy live on.   "The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money." - former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher (Oct. 13, 1925 – April 8, 2013)
Before catching my flight to Washington this morning, I spoke with KFAQ's The Pat Campbell Show on North Korea and my trip to the U.S.-Mexico border: http://www.1170kfaq.com/podcasts/patcampbell/201922761.html
Lady Thatcher’s leadership brought Great Britain to economic and political revival at a time when most said it was impossible. She stood for freedom at home and abroad, and her strength helped bring down Soviet communism. History will recognize Lady Thatcher as an extraordinary leader, and a critical partner for America. May she rest in peace. http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/09/world/europe/former-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-of-britain-has-died.html?hp&_r=0
We now have 13 senators who have signed our letter to protect the 2nd Amendment. I am encouraged by the increasing number of senators who are recognizing the threats that current gun control proposals create for our 2nd Amendment rights. These proposals serve primarily to limit the rights of law-abiding citizens, while doing little – if anything – to reduce violent crimes. Senators have an obligation both to uphold the Constitution and to promote solutions that effectively address national problems. The current gun control proposals fail both tests.
Margaret Thatcher was an inspirational leader, who will be remembered as one of Great Britain's finest prime ministers.  My thoughts and prayers go out to her family, her countrymen, and all who were inspired by her leadership.
RIP Margaret Thatcher, one of the great leaders of the 20th century
‘A towering figure of 20th century politics and an inspiration to millions around the globe, Margaret Thatcher set a standard of leadership that will be hard to replicate, but which will forever stand as a model for those who wish to change society for the better.’
The world has lost a powerful force for freedom, and one of the greatest leaders of our time. Margaret Thatcher helped shape Democracy’s finest era as a tireless advocate for conservative ideas, free enterprise and human dignity. From transforming Britain into a place of economic opportunity, working with President Reagan to bring the Cold War to an end, and helping to forge the Coalition of the Gulf War, Margaret Thatcher shared and defended America’s values – moral, political and economic. From a shopkeeper’s daughter to The Iron Lady, Margaret Thatcher rose to the challenges of her time and shaped history in a way few leaders ever have. She continues to be, and will remain, an inspiration for all who dare to positively transform the world.
Today, I am reflecting on the millions of innocent lives taken by the monstrous acts of Nazi Germany on Holocaust Remembrance Day. This day marks 70 years since the Warsaw Ghetto uprising—a symbol of Jewish resistance against the Nazis during World War II. Learn more about the commemoration taking place in Israel via the link below.
Something needs to change and it’s going to take the entire state: every man, woman and child must make it a priority to stop this epidemic of domestic violence and sexual assault in Alaska.
April is the official Month of the Military Child -- because every family member makes a sacrifice in their own way.  There are fun events statewide to give kids a little extra fun and support, and everyone is encouraged to wear purple to show our support for military families. http://m.newsminer.com/news/local_news/purple-up-in-april-to-recognize-children-of-military-families/article_4413547a-9b6e-11e2-956b-001a4bcf6878.html?mode=jqm
The decision to overturn the suspensions of prosecutors’ misconduct in Ted Stevens’ case teaches us nothing new. The DoJ’s prosecutorial misconduct oversight was a mess before the US District Court Judge who handled the Stevens case and his independent master found misconduct -- and remains a mess today. Remember: this decision has nothing to do with the merits of the case against the prosecutors and their behavior; it focuses on an ambiguous internal rule about how punishment inside the Justice Department is meted out -- a rule that different offices within the DoJ don’t understand or agree upon. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=80f569a4-ac66-49db-8c86-56664a100bcc
Today, we mourn the loss of a great friend of the United States and a true leader, Margaret Thatcher.  She was a model to me in the way she put conservative ideals into action.  She never backed down from confronting the false promises of communism and socialism head on, and she understood that free markets and limited government were the surest path to opportunity for all.  She will be sorely missed, but her legacy lives on. May God bless Lady Thatcher and her family.
CBN's The Brody File joined my family and me in Bowling Green, KY to capture an in-depth, behind the scenes look into my life.  Click below to watch this exclusive interview.  http://www.cbn.com/tv/2277502933001
Today, I've been reflecting on the life of Baroness Margaret Thatcher.  I had the honor of meeting Baroness Thatcher during her time as prime minister and was struck by her strength, intelligence and grace.  I also had the immense pleasure of attending her address to a Joint Session of Congress, and it stays with me today as one of the greatest speeches I have ever heard.    The world lost a great leader today. My thoughts and prayers are with Baroness Thatcher's family and all the British people.  http://www.c-spanvideo.org/program/171406-3
Rubio Releases Statement On The Passing Of Margaret Thatcher: http://1.usa.gov/17mLdmD
ICYMI: Misunderstanding Marco Rubio: Immigration Politics And DC Spin: http://1.usa.gov/14Z4ECG
NA
Senator Sessions’ office released a document today called “Ten Questions For The Gang Of 8.” Encourage everyone to take a look and share. Here is the introduction:  Due to the enormous complexity of immigration reform and the profound consequences for American workers, taxpayers, and society at large, many have advocated for a step-by-step approach rather than a comprehensive one. The last attempt at comprehensive legislation was riddled with flaws and loopholes that made it unworkable—serving the special interests but not the national interest. Dozens of crucial questions remain for the Gang of Eight that must be resolved before any proposal can properly be called comprehensive. The American people have a right to know the answer to each of them—and to express their views during a thorough period of public hearing and review. The public must know exactly what’s in any far-reaching proposal before anyone votes on it. With that in mind, here are 10 questions for the Gang of Eight:
Sen. Sessions is now speaking at the Airbus groundbreaking in Mobile. Please click here to view the ceremony live:
Congratulations to University of South Carolina women's basketball coach Dawn Staley on her induction to the Basketball Hall of Fame!  http://www.wltx.com/news/article/231431/2/Staley-Named-to-Naismith-Hall-of-Fame-
I am a cosponsor of legislation opposing the UN Arms Trade Treaty (S.Con.Res. 7).
Today I toured Lehigh County's Regional Intelligence and Investigation Center, a high-technology crime-fighting unit in Allentown. The center’s state-of-the-art techniques and technology are designed to help law enforcement stop gang and drug activity and enhance public safety. My thanks to District Attorney James Martin, who oversees the program, and Julia Kocis, who manages the center for showing me the facility.
Former State Rep. T.J. Rooney and central Pennsylvania business leader Thomas Rippon are co-chairs of Pennsylvania's chapter of Fix The Debt. At a time when our government is heading toward a fiscal crisis, now is not the time to take out yet another credit card.
I met with Pennsylvania's chapter of Fix the Debt today in Allentown. I appreciated hearing from them about how we can find bipartisan solutions to rein in out-of-control spending and form ideas to fix our long-term debt and deficits.
Never again. On Yom HaShoah, we remember the 6 million who perished in the Holocaust.
Matt Blackburn, my western Pennsylvania director, and his children joined Congressman Keith Rothfus in attending the ‘Field of Flags’ ceremony of remembrance.
The choir also helped make a touching service for Saturday’s ‘Field of Flags’ ceremony in Pittsburgh. A great turnout on a cold April morning. Thanks to all those involved in organizing such a wonderful event.
The wonderful folks at Memorial Park Church in the North Hills of Pittsburgh hosted the traveling ‘Field of Flags’ on Saturday. This ceremony of remembrance honors our brave men and women who did not return home from Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring Freedom.
Lady Thatcher was a personal hero of mine. The shopkeeper's daughter who helped bring down the Soviet Union:
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Philadelphia Fire Department Capt. Michael Goodwin. Capt. Goodwin, a 29-year veteran of the department,  was killed in the line of duty Saturday night while fighting a fire in South Philadelphia. I ask all Pennsylvanians to take this moment to reflect on the sacrifice that our firefighters, police, and first responders make for our safety every day.
RIP Baroness Thatcher. Powerful, and a lady to the last. "Power is like being a lady: if you have to tell people you are, you aren't."
NA
