Sen. Alexander and Rep. Issa announced today they have sent a letter demanding Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius provide requested documents related to the major problems with HealthCare.gov by Oct. 28th or face the possibility of a subpoena from the House Oversight Committee. Follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1d7A7nX
Follow this link to read more from Sen. Alexander on the House passage of the Water Resources Development Act and its impact on Tennesseans: http://1.usa.gov/Hki5UG
ICYMI: In today’s Washington Times article, “GOP threatens subpoenas over Obamacare rollout,” Seth McLaughlin writes:  “In a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, Rep. Darrell Issa, California Republican, and Sen. Lamar Alexander, Tennessee Republican, demanded that she turn over information that could shed more light on what exactly went wrong with the healthcare.gov website, which has been plagued with problems. ‘It is clear that you and other high-ranking HHS officials either provided false testimony to Congress or did not know how badly the development of the HealthCare.gov was proceeding,’ they said in the letter. ‘Either scenario, if accurate, is inexcusable and demands accountability from your department.’” Follow this link to read more, and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you also want accountability from the Obama administration. http://bit.ly/18jZI7M
NA
NA
Senator Collins attended Gray-New Gloucester’s final football game of the season against Poland High School.  Prior to the game, Senator Collins announced that the MSAD#15 Wellness Committee was awarded a three-year grant under the U.S. Department of Education’s Carol M. White Physical Education Program.  The grant will help fund the school district’s efforts to promote healthy and active lifestyles among students as well as the broader community.
O-care passed on a party-line vote when Ds controlled WH and Congress.  Did Ds really expects Rs to remain silent when voters gave us divided government and a chance to weigh in?
Sebelius on O-care: “This is no longer a political debate; it’s the law of the land.” Doesn't she know that Congress, with enough votes, can repeal, amend, and/or defund "the law of the land"?
Sebelius in TX: If she is still confused about who she works for & isn't ready to answer q’s, may as well not visit.
WOW: Even President Obama's former Chief of Staff has compared the implementation of Obamacare to the Titanic hitting the iceberg.  Watch & SHARE!
I was proud this week to present the Congressional Bronze Medal Award to Savannah Brown, Katie Schulz, Bailey Hamann, and Ryan Jones. Each of these students earned their award through their commitment to physical fitness and community service in Wyoming, developing their potential by accepting the challenge to better themselves and their communities. You can find more about the Congressional Award by visiting: http://www.enzi.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/congressional-award
NA
Senator Grassley encourages college-age Iowans to apply for internships in his office for the spring semester. Check out the link below for more information.
Happy #NevadaDay to all of my fellow Nevadans! #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada #NevadaProud #NV150
Did you know that a small bird currently has the potential to dramatically affect Oklahoma's booming energy industry as well as our famers and ranchers?   For the past year, I have been working to influence the Fish and Wildlife Services' (FWS) decision on how the Lesser Prairie-Chicken (LPC) should be categorized under the Endangered Species Act. On Wednesday, we won a small victory when FWS announced its endorsement of the state's plan that would help to preserve the species without sidelining important job-creating industries. Oklahoma is a prime example why vital conservation efforts should be handled on the state level.   This is a great next step towards ensuring the LPC is not listed under the Endangered Species Act. You can read more about it here: http://newsok.com/article/3896813
Honored to meet Medal of Honor recipient William Swenson and learn how the Veterans Legal Support Center & Clinic at The John Marshall Law School helps #veterans.
Help prevent abuse! This Saturday, October 26, is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. Click below for drop-off locations in Kentucky:
I visited the Chase County Elementary School Outdoor Learning Center in Strong City this week. Students of all ages are involved in the program, which includes greenhouse activities, rainwater collection, composting and caring for livestock. During my visit, I stopped by Ms. Luder’s Kindergarten class, where students carved pumpkins as part of their “Pumpkin Investigation” lesson.  
 
 I was particularly impressed to learn how supportive the community is of the program, and how contributions of both time and materials have been provided to compensate for their limited budget.
This week, I agreed to be an original sponsor of the “Delay Until Fully Functional Act,” legislation Senator Marco Rubio is expected to introduce next week. This bill would delay the Obamacare’s individual mandate until it can be certified that the website and Exchanges are functional. It is blatantly unfair for the federal government to punish individuals for not doing something the government is requiring them to do when the Administration’s incompetence has made it impossible for them to comply.   I believe the entire law should be repealed and replaced, but until that happens American individuals and families must be protected from the disasters created by the Affordable Care Act. In July, President Obama acknowledged that a significant component of this law is broken and delayed enforcement of the employer mandate. The following week, I offered amendments in the Senate Appropriations Committee to delay both the employer mandate and individual mandate. Both of these amendments were unfortunately defeated in party-line votes, but I continue working to effectively dismantle Obamacare.
October sunset on a homestead near Scranton.
Facing population decline, Greeley County, Kansas, is working to preserve our special way of life in Kansas and beat the odds faced by rural communities in Kansas and across the country. Over the past two years, their population is up 4 percent after three decades of accelerating declines.
Ohio students interested in learning more about the Senate & internship opportunities with my office should apply here:
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Legislation to Delay ObamaCare Mandate On CNN: http://1.usa.gov/1d7f8kW
Senator Rubio To Obama: Support Fair, Common Sense Legislation To Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Websites Are Fixed: http://1.usa.gov/17i7ZgF  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) urged President Obama to support legislation that would postpone the individual mandate under ObamaCare until six months after all its enrollment options, including its troubled websites, are certifiably functional.   “Given your own admission that the website’s problems cannot be ‘sugar-coated,’ I believe my legislation rests on common-ground between us despite our differences over ObamaCare as a whole, and is therefore deserving of your support,” Rubio wrote in a letter. “In fact, six Democratic senators have already announced their support for delaying the mandate, giving such a measure enough votes to pass with bipartisan support.   “Americans cannot afford to have the federal government picking their pockets as a punishment for something that was the government’s fault to begin with,” Rubio added. “While I certainly remain dedicated to fully repealing and replacing ObamaCare, this current measure is about simple fairness and should be above controversy.”
My thanks to Senator Gene Yaw and the North Shore Railroad for hosting my Press Secretary Steve Kelly and other local officials on a tour of the railways of Lycoming County yesterday.
Fifth graders from Our Lady of Peace school in Lackawanna County also attended the naturalization ceremony today. They were there to learn more about citizenship and our government.
Today at Scranton's federal courthouse, 47 brand-new Americans from 28 different countries took the oath of citizenship. As the grandson of Irish and Portuguese immigrants, I was proud to witness this naturalization ceremony and say a few words.  
 
 Judge Malachy Mannion presided over the ceremony. In 2011, Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I recommended Judge Mannion to the President to fill a federal district court vacancy in Scranton. It was great to see Judge Mannion on the bench and serving the public.
“The fact that Attorney General Holder would block any child from obtaining a good education is bad enough,” Toomey said Thursday. “The fact that he is doing so based solely on the children's race is inexcusable.”
