Senator Ayotte hosted a roundtable discussion in Portsmouth this morning to hear from Seacoast business leaders about how Obamacare is impacting their businesses and employees.
Today we toured Wilson Combat in Berryville, Arkansas, and had the opportunity to see the facility and visit with the employees.
My office has teamed up with The Children’s Museum of Indianapolis to host our second annual “Pack the Pantry” food drive to support the Ronald McDonald House of Indiana. More than 1,400 families stay at the Ronald McDonald House of Indiana each year as their child receives life-saving treatment at the Riley Hospital for Children. The “Pack the Pantry” food drive aims to make life a little easier for these families.  From Tuesday, December 3 to Saturday, December 7, your contribution of canned goods, cleaning products and office supplies will go a long way to assist these Hoosier families. For more information on the food drive, please visit the link below or call my Indianapolis office at (317) 554-0750.
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: Leading up to enactment of Obamacare there was much debate on health care alternatives.  Most agreed then, and continue to agree, that reforms are needed.  What we have now are wrong-headed policies based on misguided beliefs that government bureaucracy would improve health care.  We must turn to achievable reforms that result in the affordable health care and improved access to quality care that Americans want and deserve.  A successful health care system would enable Americans to choose plans that fit specific needs and those of their families.  Instead of giving the government more power over health care, individual patients must have more control, choice and information to make their health care decisions.
So Obamacare is fixed now that the website has been improved?  Not on your life.
Why would health ins mandate yield different results? WSJ: "An estimated 14% of drivers nationally are uninsured [despite legal mandates], according to the industry... —a chronic problem that states have been unable to solve."
President Obama didn't promise a website. He promised we could keep our plans and our doctors and we’d pay less. That's not happening.
Today the Capitol Dome celebrates its 150th anniversary! On this day in 1863 the Statue of Freedom was placed atop the dome.
Today, the United States celebrates the 150th anniversary of the Capitol Dome. This symbol of our democracy helped to inspire our nation as Americans worked to unite and move forward after the Civil War. Take a few minutes to watch this video exploring the history of the dome: http://www.speaker.gov/general/60-minutes-looks-capitol-domes-150th-anniversary
Today, I visited the Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center in Fallon, #Nevada. Thanks Admiral Lewis for the tour.
Was honored to join the Jamestown community today at a ceremony to congratulate Gussner Elementary on being named a Blue Ribbon School. Congratulations also to ND's two other 2013 Blue Ribbon Schools: Edgeley Public School and Wyndmere Elementary School.
 
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=c5f2a478-2d40-455b-b628-43d0fa0f2ccb
“Philip left his home in North Dakota to serve our country during a time of war. These medals, while belated in their presentation, are a token of our nation’s appreciation and our sincere gratitude for his service. We are proud of our veterans and the enormous contributions they made in defending our nation and our way of life.”    http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=ce3a778a-641d-436a-8165-c4f4dc49afe9
I don't trust Iran. And I don't trust President Rouhani. President Obama's deal he made with Iran should have demanded that Iran dismantle its nuclear program, not merely take its foot off the accelerator. Until Iran takes clear and verifiable steps to this end, existing sanctions must continue. In the Sunday editions of The Oklahoman, I wrote about my concerns with President Obama's agreement with Iran. I hope you will take a moment to read it and let me know what you think: http://newsok.com/jim-inhofe-existing-sanctions-on-iran-must-continue/article/3909640
On this day 150 years ago, the United States Capitol Dome was completed when the Statue of Freedom was placed at the top.
The Senate has confirmed more of President Obama's judicial nominees in the first five years of his presidency than were confirmed during the first five years of President Bush's presidency.  Tell me in the comments whether you think it was a good idea or a bad idea for Senate Democrats to break the rules of the Senate to change the rules, so that they can confirm more of the president's nominees.
Some of you may have gotten a message recently from a James Peter claiming to be on my staff asking you to contact him to claim winnings.  I just want to let you all know that this person has created a fake Facebook account to impersonate me for a phishing scam.  Facebook has removed the account and we are investigating further.  Please, please remember to never give your financial information to anyone you don’t know, especially on Facebook.
I am pleased to announce I have promoted Kate Williams to be my new Legislative Director in DC.  Kate is a Juneau girl who has a stellar track record of advancing Alaskan issues and serving Alaskans – and I look forward to having her hand guiding our policy aims as we do what’s right for our state and nation.  Kate has been instrumental in guiding oil and gas issues on the Energy Committee and I know she will bring that same enthusiasm and know-how to a broader portfolio of issues in her new role.  Welcome Kate! http://1.usa.gov/18brRCp
Obamacare’s “main achievement is turning out to be diminishing affordable care.” - The Wall Street Journal
It was a pleasure to visit with John Tomblin the Executive Director for the National Institute for Aviation Research at Wichita State University. The structural aviation research occurring in Wichita is groundbreaking and important for Kansas and America.
A heartfelt congratulations to  Jackie McClaskey who was announced today as Kansas' next Secretary of Agriculture. Jackie is an agriculture policy expert and a member of the K-State family. I have no doubt she will serve Kansas well.  Big thanks also goes out to Dale Rodman, outgoing KS Agriculture Secretary, for his dedicated service. Congrats Jackie and thank you Dale!  https://governor.ks.gov/frontpagenews/2013/12/02/governor-sam-brownback-appoints-new-secretary-of-agriculture
See pictures and learn more about Senator Rubio's official trip to London: http://1.usa.gov/19dqMqF
 
 Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Select Committee on Intelligence, arrived in London today for a three day official visit. 
  
 During his stay, Rubio will meet with British government officials to discuss the future of the transatlantic alliance. On Tuesday, he will also deliver a major speech co-hosted by Chatham House and the Legatum Institute at 1 p.m. local time (8 a.m. EST). The speech will be live streamed...
Thank you to Monte Hansford from Sangaree for this week's cover photo--Spoonauger Falls in Mountain Rest. This is our South Carolina.
Enjoyed talking with the kids at Bob Jones Academy in Greenville this morning--great questions!
Hope it was a terrific holiday, Pennsylvania. Icymi, I spoke with Philly's Northeast Times about #Iran, #Obamacare and a lot more.
Wicker Report | Every year, on the Saturday before Thanksgiving, communities across the country celebrate National Adoption Day.  For thousands of children, this special day marks the final step in their move from foster care to a permanent home.  In Mississippi, events throughout the month of November – annually recognized as National Adoption Month – have helped finalize the adoptions of dozens of children in foster care.  Click the link below to read more about adoption in Mississippi and National Adoption Month.
