Yesterday, Senator Ayotte helped welcome home members of the 238th Medevac Unit of the New Hampshire Army National Guard after their deployment to Afghanistan.
Enjoyed speaking at the American Hospital Association’s Annual Meeting today about important health care issues, including the president’s failed health care law, and the need for improving quality and access to mental health treatment for our servicemen and women, veterans, and military families.
The disastrous ObamaCare website is far from finished, and is estimated to cost taxpayers $121 million before the second round of enrollments – that’s $30 million more than the Obama Administration estimated a few months ago. 
NA
I was able to meet with over 100 Idahoans this month in Washington, D.C.   Read the April edition of my e-newsletter for a few highlights and to learn more about the Environmental Protection Agency’s new power grab over water.  
ICYMI: The Idaho Delegation joined Governor Otter and Boise Mayor Bieter to thank the U.S. Air Force Chief of Staff for visiting Boise and Mountain Home to discuss the future of our world-class military installations. We held a media briefing following the meetings across the tarmac from Gowen Field.
Caleb and Melissa Swanberg and their daughter Rosalie visited with Senator Collins in her Washington, D.C. office today. Natives of Aroostook County, the Swanbergs now live in Yarmouth.
Cornyn: Latest VA Report Requires Immediate Response:
Cornyn Introduces Bipartisan Resolution Commemorating Cinco de Mayo:
Finding out what happened at #Benghazi, how we could have prevented it, and acting to apprehend the terrorists responsible should not be partisan.
¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo!
Today’s #SCOTUS decision is a great victory for religious liberty and a reminder that the Constitution does not remove religion from the public sphere.
The number one issue for Americans: JOBS. So let’s help create them with the American Energy Renaissance Act! #MakeDCListen
Religious freedom won a victory today with the Supreme Court ruling that prayer before official public meetings is consistent with the First Amendment. Back in August Senator John Barrasso, R-Wyo., and I joined Senator Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and other Senate colleagues in filing an amicus brief favoring the right to pray in the case of Town of Greece v. Galloway. We best serve the values of the First Amendment by allowing people to pray according to their own conscience.
NA
Trey Gowdy is the most capable person in the entire Congress to lead the Select Committee.  He’s a former prosecutor who is well-respected by his colleagues, tenacious in his approach to his duties, and fair-minded about his responsibilities.   Trey is the right person at the right time.
“They were trying to create an impression to the American people that this wasn't a broader foreign policy failure and it was totally disconnected from reality on the ground,” Graham said on CBS' “Face the Nation.”  “They were trying to protect the president's re-election,” he added. “They saw Benghazi … as a threat to his re-election. It wasn't a fog of war problem they had."
NA
Here is Anne’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
 The Supreme Court's ruling today protects our invaluable public square that was established because of our Founding Fathers' faith convictions. The separation of church and state was not intended to empower government censorship of individuals' religious expressions, but to protect the religious institution from government coercion. Religious liberty is the foundation for all freedoms; and we must continue to preserve this historic American value that has made our nation a city on a hill and a place of refuge for millions around the world. http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/supreme-court-upholds-prayer-public-meetings-n97221 
The droughts in Oklahoma are creating desperate situations for farmers and ranchers. I met with the Stephens County rural water districts Friday to discuss what options exist if the current drought conditions persist. I believe a viable solution to less rain would be recycling the unused irrigation water in Waurika Lake, as introduced in the Water Resource Development Act bill, and provide states with grant money to construct water infrastructure projects.  http://www.duncanbanner.com/x1535589624/Inhofe-discusses-water-concerns-with-Stephens-County-rural-districts 
"The real import of his lawsuit is that it invites the courts to restore the proper separation of powers." http://t.co/djCcv41fo5
Senator Johnson on CNN State of the Union w/ Candy Crowley discussing the situation in Ukraine.
Sincere thank you to the teachers who dedicate themselves to giving our kids the tools they need to lead a successful life.  -rj
How to make our rulers accountable to the people. http://t.co/1zSmkCVfhx
Retweeted WILL (@WI_Law_Liberty):  Today's WSJ Editorial on @SenRonJohnson's Obamacare lawsuit - "Standing to Sue Obama" http://t.co/0qwQssMyDV #Obamacare #Wiright
WSJ: Real import of suing over Congress' Obamacare deal is the chance to restore constitutional separation of powers. http://t.co/Kexv9cNIcf
Our higher education system – and especially the federal policies that govern access to it – is failing the two-thirds of Americans who never get a B.A., and the large minority of Americans who never set foot on a college campus.  Those Americans need access to skills that current colleges aren’t teaching, at prices that four-year residential institutions can’t afford, on timelines the academic calendar can’t accommodate. And the lower a student’s income, the greater the need.
Eliminating cronyist privilege is essential to get the economy growing again by creating opportunity and driving down the inflated costs of many of the staples of middle class aspiration and security: housing, education, health care, and child-rearing.  Anti-cronyist reform should never be confused with the cheap, ugly populism of class warfare. We want successful Americans to succeed. All we ask is that they earn their success on a level playing field, subject to the judgment of the market – as truly successful Americans always have.
Fun to have my daughter Meghan in town this weekend for the White House Correspondents Dinner!
I enjoyed stopping by and visiting with the staff at the Livestock Marketing Association (LMA) this morning. LMA is the national trade organization for the livestock marketing business and represents around 70 percent of all U.S. livestock markets. Our conversation centered around the ever-increasing regulatory environment and what that means for producers. It was good to visit with LMA's first-rate team, and I appreciate their service to markets and producers for more than 60 years.
Wow!  Up in Fairbanks today, they had a neat unmanned aircraft systems test for a high-tech tool to monitor and research animals in the wild without disturbing them.  Ours was the first flight in a series of FAA tests nationwide. #FirstFlight
Medical trials are incredibly important at gauging the safety and efficacy of drugs and treatments, but the truth is that people react to medication differently – and medical trials should reflect that reality.  So I joined 14 of my Senate colleagues to urge the FDA to rethink the methods used for trials and address these risks and without costing the FDA an extra dime.
It’s time to pass my bipartisan energy efficiency bill to create jobs, save taxpayer money, make the environment cleaner & ensure America has a secure energy future, which is important to our national security. 
Our education system is broken. School choice is an important part of the solution.   Watch my video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUKjzOA6pGc  Join in celebrating National Charter Schools Week: http://www.publiccharters.org/involved/national-charter-schools-week/
The Kentucky Veterans of the Year organization is taking nominations to honor one female and one male veteran from Kentucky. You can nominate someone here: http://www.kentuckyveteransoftheyear.org/nominate.html
Warm congratulations and a sincere thanks to Col. Tony De Jesus who retired yesterday from the 190th Air Refueling Wing of the Kansas Air National Guard after 29 years of dedicated service to his state and nation. A little known fact is that Tony was born on Fort Riley and his Dad was a World War II vet and survivor of the Bataan Death March. America owes so much to families like the De Jesus' who keep our Lamp of Liberty bright.
It is the seven year anniversary of the City of Greensburg, KS tornado. We remember those we lost that night, but we also celebrate the long way we have come. Check out the great community Greensburg continues to be: http://www.greensburgks.org
NA
The families of those killed in the Benghazi attacks deserve to know the truth about what happened that night, as well as the administration’s response in the hours and days afterwards. Trey Gowdy is without a doubt the right man for the job, and I have no doubt he will lead a thorough and fair investigation.
Stay strong Derrick! "The man who wins is the one who thinks he can." You are in our prayers!
Attention Philly area vets &  families: The Union League of Philadelphia will host a career skills seminar for vets & spouses May 17. Please share and spread the word!
Taking a moment on Yom Hazikaron – Israel’s Memorial Day - to remember Israel’s fallen soldiers and victims of terrorism. #RIP
With Dr. John Trojanowski, Director of the #Alzheimer's Disease Core Center at Penn Medicine. Their team is conducting some amazing research to combat this tragic disease.
Excited to tour Penn Medicine's #ALZ Disease Core Center today. Check out their facility's virtual tour! #ENDALZ
Wicker Report | On April 28 of this year, as multiple tornados left a swath of destruction across our state, the National Weather Service’s early warning system again proved its value in helping Mississippians get out of harm’s way. Although the storms took precious lives and caused extensive damage, we can be thankful for the technology that provided critical information ahead of time, alerting people to take shelter and potentially saving hundreds of lives in the process. The swift action of forecasters, local officials, and first responders validated the importance of coordination and communication when disaster strikes.
