Today, Senator Alexander joined a letter, led by Rep. Chuck Fleischmann and signed by all Republican members of the Tennessee congressional delegation, to President Obama insisting on answers about the 760 unaccompanied children that have been relocated to Tennessee. Alexander also today cosponsored Sen. Ted Cruz’s amendment to stop the president from taking actions on immigration that exceed his constitutional authority, and he announced his support for Rep. Hal Rogers’ bill to solve the immigration crisis. In addition, he voted yesterday against the president’s proposal because it wasn’t a “serious plan” about how to solve the border crisis.  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=ef97eacd-013f-4a9a-99dd-6b1a9c6d7585
Today I introduced the bipartisan, bicameral “Mental-health Exposure Military Official Record Act” (MEMORy Act), a bill that would make it easier for servicemembers and veterans to document exposures to significant events during military service that could be linked to mental health and traumatic brain injuries. 
President Obama came to Kansas City yesterday saying the other side shouldn't be in such a bad mood all time, and people who oppose his policies should “stop just hating all the time.” This is the kind of rhetoric that happens in junior high, and is certainly no way to begin to work together. Our nation is facing a number of critical issues, and Americans deserve presidential leadership.  
Today, the House Ways and Means committee passed the #ABLEact and I am incredibly pleased that they did.  This legislation is a commonsense measure that would help families and disabled individuals all across the United States.  It is no wonder that it has garnered an unprecedented amount of support.  It is my hope that the full House will quickly bring the ABLE Act to the floor and vote for its passage. #passtheABLEact
I’ve posted here many times about the important impact #ABLEact would have on disabled individuals and families. As the House Ways and Means committee meets this morning to consider and vote on the ABLE Act, I encourage you to watch this video that places the human face on the legislation. #PasstheABLEact 
Along with Congressman Crawford’s legislation, the bill we are introducing in the Senate sends a strong message that the entire Arkansas Delegation remains concerned with what this agency is trying to do in Arkansas. The critical habitat designation will impact Arkansas families, farms, businesses and communities. I’ve been working with the delegation to both hold the FWS accountable and force it to be more transparent.
NA
NA
Unfortunately Senate Democrats just stood in the way of keeping the internet tax free. #NoNetTax
Across the nation, citizens are celebrating Freidman Legacy Day. We remember Milton Freidman, the Nobel-prize-winning economist who pioneered school choice for all children. Today, let’s continue Freidman’s resolve to expand and uplift educational opportunities for all children.  School choice is the civil rights issue of the 21st century. We must work tirelessly to ensure that each child’s success is not determined by the neighborhood they grew up in, but by the chance they had to get an education that equipped them to dream big, and make those dreams a reality. #Milton102
The contrast in this tale of two hospitals could not be more clear: Hamas exploits their medical facilities as a human shield to launch terrorist operations against Israel, while Israel uses theirs to provide cutting-edge medical care to people whose government’s avowed goal is to destroy the Jewish state.   Hamas‘ actions are a war crime. Israel’s are one of the great, unsung humanitarian missions on the planet.
What's happening at the border right now is a direct and proximate consequence of President Obama's amnesty. #StopObamasAmnesty
The federal government still owes Wyoming money in the form of abandoned mine land payments. My colleagues have committed to help me fix this situation and I intend to see that we do. 
Senator Grassley received word of an Iowa-based non-profit scholarship organization that helps foster youth attend and afford college.  The Guardian Scholars Foundation works to identify young people who soon will age out of the foster care system and hope to receive a higher education.  This support is critically needed, as college attendance is often unachievable for foster youth, given the abrupt transition they face on aging out of the system.  Read more: 
“We’ve been working closely with DOT as well as industry and community leaders to improve the safety of transportation in our communities. These funds will support the work we’ve done by helping state and local leaders develop and improve their emergency plans, preparing our emergency responders to protect our residents and themselves when accidents occur.”
“North Dakota has come a long way since its beginning. We have built a rich heritage and a remarkable history that is itself an emblem of the nation’s growth over the past century and a quarter. North Dakotans are deeply proud of the contributions, both past and present, that our state has made to our country. We and our ancestors worked hard to make North Dakota the success story it is, so that today, we are a state of hard working people with the strongest economy in America, providing the energy, food and technological innovation our nation needs. As North Dakotans, we have much to be thankful for and plenty to celebrate on the 125th anniversary of our statehood.”
Today Senator Joe Donnelly and I introduced a bill to level the playing field between natural gas and diesel powered long haul trucks. Natural gas fuel systems weigh approximately 2,000 lbs. more than their diesel counterparts, and in order to comply with federal regulations, natural gas trucks lose the ability to carry that weight in cargo. Our bill would provide an exemption to the weight restrictions for natural gas trucks to ensure that they can haul the equivalent freight load as diesel trucks. What does 2,000 lbs. mean in terms of Oklahoma’s goods?
Do you have a favorite #FairFood? Leave a comment to let Senator Johnson know what he should try!  Be sure to check his website to see which fairs he is attending next week. 
Did you know that every afternoon in America, 15 million kids leave school with no place to go? NO supervision, NO guidance, NO safety. I’ve partnered with Boys & Girls Clubs of America to Open the Door for America’s kids – join us at GreatFutures.org #GreatFutures #BGCAChamps
The solutions to the immediate border crisis - and our longer-term immigration needs as well - begin with the president finally enforcing the law.   There is no amount of money Congress can spend... there is no new law that can solve this crisis if the president and the leadership of his party continue down their lawless path.
Courier-Journal: Sen. McConnell introduced a bill on Thursday to address drug-dependent babies. "My legislation is no silver bullet, but it will help ensure that our public health system is better equipped to prevent and treat opiate addiction in mothers and their newborn children," McConnell, the Senate Republican leader, said in a news release. "Together, we can overcome this tragic problem."
I encourage you to read Marysville Advocate's take on my visit to TravAlong Trailers' manufacturing plant in Waterville last week.
This week, I met with Big 12 Conference Commissioner Bob Bowlsby to discuss proposals to guide and oversee collegiate athletics. In its 19th year, the Big 12 is one of the premier athletic conferences in the nation. The University of Kansas and Kansas State University were founding members of the conference in 1996-97. I appreciate Commissioner Bowlsby coming by for a visit during his time in Washington.
McDonald's own website brags about our successful, sustainable Bering Sea fishery - so why would they reconsider based on pressure from environmental groups whose claims have no basis in fact or science? Alaskans take great pride in our sustainably-managed fisheries, and I invited the McDonald's CEO to come up and see them firsthand.
Today's must-watch video for Alaskans: A great commemoration and honor for an incredibly committed professional! An Alaska-sized congratulations and thanks to Ketchikan's Tom for becoming the first UPS Circle of Honor driver from Alaska.
I am pleased to see this bill was approved out of a House Committee   thanks to the work of Congressman Kevin Yoder. This bill will give law enforcement a valuable tool to help those in imminent danger. Jerry Moran and I have introduced similar legislation in the Senate. We'll continue to fight for it to be passed and signed into law.
Rubio Discusses Foreign Policy With John Hinderaker 
Rubio Introduces Bill Addressing Russian Arms Control Violations: http://1.usa.gov/1qsuCFy  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced legislation to respond to Russia’s recently revealed violation of the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty.   “Russia has become a rogue actor on the world stage, with no regard for upholding its international obligations and basic norms,” said Rubio. “Russia’s recent violation of a decades-old arms control treaty that was negotiated to eliminate an entire class of missiles that threatened our allies and deployed forces cannot go unanswered.   “This legislation is urgently needed to ensure that the United States is prepared for any outcome from this blatant treaty violation and that the administration adequately responds,” Rubio added.   The INF Treaty of 1987, signed by President Ronald Reagan, was the first – and only – arms control treaty that ever eliminated an entire class of weapons.   Cosponsors of the bill include Senators Jim Risch (R-ID) and Orrin Hatch (R-UT). 
All: please tun into C-SPAN 2 to watch Sen. Sessions force a vote on language blocking the Administration from implementing unilateral amnesty and work permits.
Sen. Sessions: "We need to remember who we represent. It’s the people of this country, last I heard."
Sen. Sessions released the following statement announcing opposition to both the House and Senate border legislation up for consideration today:  “With great concern, we as policy makers must face the reality that the President is openly planning to use executive actions to provide amnesty and work permits to millions without any lawful authority. The Congress has a duty to resist. Legislation currently pending in both chambers fails to meet this test and therefore must be opposed.  My position from the beginning has been that Congress should not pass any border bill which does not block funding for the President’s planned executive amnesty. The House border supplemental contains no language on executive action and is the only bill that would receive consideration in the Senate. The separate House measure on executive actions fails to place effective restrictions on the President’s ability to grant unlawful amnesty and work permits. For Congress to successfully stand against the President’s nullification plans, it must adopt the language proposed by Senator Cruz.”
Took our DC interns on a field trip this morning to see the Civil Rights Act on display at the National Archives.
Enjoying a telephone town hall with seniors across South Carolina!
Thanks to all of my staff members who participated in #SeersuckerThursday--a great tradition started by Senator Trent Lott.
