Senator Ayotte's offices in New Hampshire and Washington are open and have resumed normal operations.  Click here for contact information if you need assistance: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=offices
Senator Ayotte released the following statement last night after the Senate voted 81 to 18 in support of a bipartisan agreement to reopen the federal government and address the debt limit:   "I'm glad that Republicans and Democrats have reached an agreement that will end the government shutdown and address the debt ceiling in the short term. However, much work remains to be done to address the underlying fiscal challenges that brought us to this point - including our $17 trillion debt. Americans are rightfully tired and frustrated, and we owe it to them to stop governing by crisis and start working together to solve problems."
The federal government spends too much and borrows too much. Those must be the two main targets after today’s vote and until we get our spending under control. Debate priorities, set priorities, and live within our means; that’s what American families have to do and what our government must do.
Yesterday I voted to re-open the federal government and extend the debt limit, read my full statement here.
I returned to public service to make the difficult choices necessary to tackle our debt and restore our country’s fiscal footing. To my great disappointment, once again Congress is kicking the can down the road and ignoring what needs to be done. While I deplore supporting yet another short-term Band-Aid, the only thing worse would be a continued government shutdown, the United States defaulting on its debt obligations and the elimination of the spending reductions enacted by Congress in 2011. I have voted for and will continue to support efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare with common-sense health care reforms. It is evident to me that the present strategy has failed to sway the president or Senate Democrats. As we’ve seen from Obamacare’s disastrous rollout, this law’s failures are more than mere glitches, and the fight to repeal it must continue. I am disappointed with this outcome, but my commitment to reducing our debt, growing the economy and getting Americans back to work will not waver. I will be an integral part of the ongoing effort to address our nation’s serious financial challenges.
I have been appointed to serve on the budget conference committee to reconcile the differences between the Senate and House-passed budgets.  This new conference committee presents an enormous opportunity for Republicans and Democrats to find common ground on a more sustainable budget path for our country.  For far too long, Washington has come to rely on short-term spending measures that do not allow for meaningful and significant reform of our spending habits.  This will not be an easy task with an almost $90 billion dollar difference between the two budgets, but I look forward to working with Chairwoman Patty Murray (D-Washington) and Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin) to achieve this goal.
All of my offices and staff have resumed normal operations. If we can assist you, please let us know.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I voted against legislation to delay the nation’s borrowing limit until February 7, 2014, and temporarily fund government operations until January 15, 2013.  While this measure does some good by preventing a default on the debt, ending the government shutdown, preserving the spending restraints put in place by the Budget Control Act and requiring both houses of Congress to move forward with the long-overdue budget process, it does almost nothing to address our long-term mandatory spending and debt problems or correct the still-unfolding problems with the president’s health care law.  We cannot continue this unrestrained spending.  It is time to make the hard decisions regarding our dire fiscal situation, and I am going to keep the pressure on to get it done.
NA
With shutdown over and debt fight postponed focus will turn to disastrous Obamacare rollout, then sticker shock and more broken promises.
From staff: Today, Sen. Cornyn voted against the clean CR and debt deal.   For over 5 years, Pres. Obama has sat on the sidelines while our economy has remained stagnant and our debt has nearly doubled. Year after year, the President has pledged to deal with our fiscal crisis and has done nothing but stick his head in the sand.  Sen. Cornyn is hopeful that in the coming weeks and months we can do what the President has repeatedly failed to do: address our long-term spending problems.
Senator Corker made the following statement after voting for H.R. 2775, a bill to prevent default, temporarily fund the government and maintain the spending reductions in the Budget Control Act.   “It is beyond belief that Congress chose to pursue an effort that had no chance of success and wasted time that could have been spent putting in place spending reforms that will make our country stronger. But I do consider it a victory that we forced adherence to the Budget Control Act spending restraints, which for the first time since the 1950s, have caused us to reduce total government spending for two consecutive years,” said Corker. “There’s much more work to do to get on a path to fiscal solvency, and I look forward to continuing that important work.”  The Budget Control Act, passed by Congress and signed into law in 2011, helped reduce total government spending for two consecutive years. It will cause non-emergency discretionary spending to be decreased from $1.090 trillion in 2011 to $967 billion this year.
Honored to meet some of our nation's finest at the Capitol today.  I hope the South Plains Honor Flight from Lubbock enjoyed their visit to our nation's capital.
To say we as Republicans left a lot on the table would be one of the biggest understatements in American political history.  We could have done much, much better.  Unfortunately, given where we now find ourselves, this agreement was the best Senator McConnell could do.  By the time we got to this point, we were playing poker only holding a pair of twos.  Today’s agreement is far from great news but brings to an end, at least temporarily, a disaster.  It stops the bleeding and gives us a chance to regroup.  On the positive side, the agreement preserves the spending caps and makes modest changes to protect taxpayers from what will be rampant fraud in Obamacare income verification procedures.     On the negative side, we did nothing to address the long-term drivers of our national debt.   I’m also very disappointed the agreement did not require every Member of Congress to participate in Obamacare.  I will work with Senator Vitter to make sure Congress and the President have to live under this disaster of a law, just like every other American.  I’m glad this chapter is coming to a close but make no mistake, there are no winners here.  President Obama was AWOL when it came to leadership.  Democrats in the Congress constantly moved the goalposts and were focused only on scoring political points.  And as Republicans, we overplayed our hand.   I hope we learn from the past few weeks.  The problems with Obamacare will now be out in the open once this agreement is passed into law and the Republican Party still has an opportunity in 2014 because every Democrat owns this terrible idea called Obamacare.
Enjoyed lunch w Council Bluffs Rotarians and others Good chili Nice one on one conversations with area Iowans
When sched announced so late, hard to set meetings w/ Iowans Still, I’m in Western Iowa 2day hearing directly from constituents
Majority said Sen would B in recess nxt wk.  Too much to do...we shld B working.  FarmBill, DoDAuth, Energy pending + work on debt
Under ObamaCare, Oklahomans premiums are increasing, their access to treatment is disappearing, and their coverage is shrinking. The fight is not yet over on ObamaCare, and I will continue to work to defund the law and support common-sense solutions to improve the healthcare system.
Since President Obama came into office, he has signed into law a costly 20,000 page health care law, authored a $787 billion stimulus, and raised the debt ceiling now six times. He has taken care of his pet projects while letting the most foundational elements of the Constitution — from budgeting to national security — sit on the back burner.   Because of his leadership, we have operated from one crisis to the next. It happened once again when he and Majority Leader Reid held Congress hostage with the debt ceiling in order to forge a deal that falls short of anything worthy of conservative support. It's time this ends and my colleagues face the overdue discussion on the scope and size of federal government. The federal government is growing more invasive than our Founding Fathers ever intended; our national debt is slated to skyrocket to $25 trillion in the next decade; and the President's fiscal recklessness is disarming America and making our national security more vulnerable than ever before.    I look forward to my soon return to continue this debate and ensure this crucial discussion about our nation's future remains in the forefront of funding decisions.
Good news for Northern  #Illinois: Zach Fardon is our new US attorney. He will fearlessly fight gangs & corruption in our state.
 
 Read: http://1.usa.gov/16c2Ecd
Today Congress put country over party. I was proud to be a part of the bipartisan group led by Senator Susan Collins and Senator Joe Manchin III, which laid the foundation for this agreement to reopen our government and protect America's full faith and credit.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=892
We are not going away. Neither are the many millions of Americans who joined this dialogue and who made their voices heard by Washington, D.C. Not only are we not going anywhere, but they aren't either. Their numbers are growing. More people are hurting as a result of #Obamacare every day. As they continue to call in and ask for help, we'll continue to do everything we can to help them.
Talking to Kate Bolduan on CNN's New Day this morning about last night's budget deal.
Today in Johnson County, Burlington Northern Santa Fe (BNSF)'s new Intermodal Facility will be officially dedicated. As one of the county's largest economic development projects ever, the $250 million, 440-acre facility will provide businesses with a direct connection to the global supply chain via the BNSF's transcontinental railroad that begins in California and terminates in Chicago. It will also provide companies with the ability to quickly ship goods by rail and truck to their final destinations, as well as create thousands of jobs for Kansans. Thanks to BNSF and the local communities for your support of this important project.
Tonight I voted in favor of the Senate plan to end gridlock in Washington. I share Kansans’ frustration with Washington’s habit of crisis-to-crisis governing. This latest standoff offered a rare opportunity for Congress and the President to change course, make real reductions in spending, lower federal deficits, and address the unfunded liabilities that threaten U.S. solvency. Unfortunately, none of that happened.   The American government should never default on its debt obligations, but unless we find the courage to restrain our country’s out-of-control spending, that’s exactly what will happen.  This good-faith deal calms fear of default for now, but we must take advantage of the next 90 days to finally work together and get our spending under control. Without action to begin addressing our staggering debt and deficits, our country will inevitably default in the future because we will no longer have the ability to pay our bills.  It’s a sad day in America when Washington must choose between economic catastrophe now and economic catastrophe later. A better way does exist, and I pray Washington will muster the discipline to pursue it.
Tonight, I was proud to cast my vote to end both the government shutdown and the uncertainty for so many Alaskans and Americans. This bill will fund the federal government, require heightened accountability from the health care reform law and avoid a default on the national debt. I have been working hard with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on this solution. This vote should give America hope, but it doesn’t get us out of the mess that we’re in. It’s going to take away to awhile for us rebuild any credibility. But I think that the effort to rebuild any credibility begins when we honestly and earnestly roll up our sleeves, tackle the big problems, recognize that we have to do it together. Rather than to retreat into our respective corners and just hope that we can get it right without talking to one another. http://1.usa.gov/19RG0Vu
Joined CNBC's Squawk Box this morning to talk about the path forward on the underlying problem facing the American economy – spending.
After weeks of Washington dysfunction, I am glad to see the government reopen and Congress working together to make sure we don't default on our debts.  I am also happy that my push for income verification to prevent fraud and abuse in the implementation of Obamacare and minimize the negative impact on Ohio families was part of the final agreement.  This is a win for the American people.  Lurching from crisis to crisis is no way to rejuvenate America's economy, and unfortunately, we do not have a long-term fix that will prevent another shutdown in January.  In order to provide more certainty for our economy and government agencies and the families across the nation who rely on them, I will continue to fight for passage of my End Government Shutdowns Act, bipartisan legislation to ensure that Americans do not have the threat of a government shutdown hanging over their heads.  Now that Congress has temporarily avoided this economic crisis, I am hopeful that President Obama will stick to his promise and come to the table.  We've done our part, and now he must do his to negotiate on a path forward to deal with Washington's underlying problem of overpromising and overspending that brought our nation to this boiling point in the first place.  My colleagues and I are here, ready and willing to negotiate on how to rein in Washington's out-of-control spending on autopilot so that we not only prevent a future debt limit crisis in February, but also avoid putting a debt crisis on the backs of our children and grandchildren.
TOMORROW: I’m working at Bowling Green High School's Annual Chili Supper to raise money for the school soccer teams. My middle son is a senior at BGHS and a member of this year's team!
 
 Bring your family to the BGHS Cafeteria from 5-7 PM tomorrow. I will be serving chili, chips and a homemade dessert to support the team. Community support will make this event a huge success. 
 
 Bring your family for supper first, and then it’s just a quick walk across the parking lot to the BGHS vs. Warren Central football game at 7 PM. Hope to see you there!
MUST-READ: A Chinese ratings agency downgraded its US sovereign credit rating Thursday despite Washington's resolution of the debt ceiling deadlock, warning that fundamentals for a potential default remained "unchanged". http://www.france24.com/en/20131017-chinese-agency-downgrades-us-credit-rating
Tonight, a deal was struck to re-open the government and avoid the debt ceiling deadline. That is a good thing. However, our country faces a problem bigger than any deadline: a $17 trillion debt. I am disappointed that Democrats would not compromise to avoid the looming debt debacle.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1007
This evening I voted against a short term deal that would raise the debt limit and fund the federal government, but fail to address runaway spending and the crippling effects of Obamacare.  This deal fails on spending. This deal fails on Obamacare. Future negotiations based on this deal will likely fail as well. We cannot afford to kick the can down the road again. The current shutdown and debt crisis are severe, but if we fail to address government spending, we will be looking at a permanent shutdown. We will be faced with bankruptcy.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=db493b62-1d1d-4c8e-a522-1d16513bfae2
ICYMI: Rubio Responds to President's Statement on Budget Deal: http://1.usa.gov/1cyvfb0  “The President spoke about the divisive language in American politics. He's one of the leading causes of it. We’ve just seen, for three weeks, they have outright demonized anyone who disagrees with their position using a level of vitriol and descriptive terms, negative descriptive terms, against their political opponents.”
Rubio: We Will Prevail Because ObamaCare Is Going To Be A Disaster: http://1.usa.gov/19OS3id  Rubio: “We have missed a golden opportunity to do something about it. But we haven’t given up the fight. The one thing I want people to understand is: They should not feel depressed about this or discouraged about the long term of it. We are going to prevail on this issue. It is just a matter of time. We will prevail because ObamaCare is going to be a disaster. And it won’t be long before many people in this town will be scrambling to try to fix it.”
NA
SHELBY OPPOSES SPENDING BILL BEFORE THE SENATE  Read Senator Shelby's full statement here: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/10/shelby-opposes-spending-bill
Sen. Sessions issued the following statement after voting 'no' tonight on the debt hike / spending bill.  Sessions argues that Washington must not 'pivot' to the next issue, but serve working Americans who are being squeezed out of the middle class:  “In the last five years, Washington spent more than $15 trillion and added more than $6 trillion to the debt. Never has so great a sum been spent for so little in return. Despite this huge stimulus spending, wages are lower than in 1999 and nearly 60 million working-age Americans aren’t working. Fewer people are employed today than in 2007.    But Leader Reid and the White House have adopted the extreme stance that there is to be no change in policy to help the millions of Americans being squeezed out of the middle class.  They demanded yet another increase in the debt limit – without cutting one single penny of spending. They demanded the unfettered implementation of Obamacare – a law that will add $6 trillion to the long-term debt while causing millions of hardworking people to lose their jobs and health plans, forced into part-time work that can’t support a family. And they even demanded that we spend above the Budget Control Act – a transparent effort to permanently bust federal spending caps.    Now is not the time to pivot to the next issue. We’ll hit a new debt limit next year. We must stay focused on the central issue. With falling wages, $1 trillion in welfare spending, and a massive health law that no one can afford, now is the time to pursue a national reform agenda that serves working Americans. Struggling workers deserve a sound financial future – one with better wages, better incomes, and a better plan than borrowing money to mail more government checks.”
According to a 2012 report by the Senate Budget Committee
Now is the time to get our fiscal house in order. Hundreds of billions in duplicative and wasteful spending is a good start.
Just voted "no" on raising the debt ceiling.   My statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-deal-raise-debt-ceiling-reopen-government
