ICYMI: Sen. Alexander appeared on CNBC’s Kudlow Report to discuss the investigation of Health and Human Services Secretary Sebelius fundraising for Obamacare. Alexander said, "If Congress says you can’t do it, the Obama administration can’t go out and raise private money and set up a private entity to do it anyway.” http://youtu.be/8IcwVgl72lU
Today, Sen. Alexander announced that the two-year ban stopping the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from restricting fishing below dams on the Cumberland River, passed first by the Senate and then by the House, has officially become law. Alexander said, “Now the Corps is required, by law, to stop wasting taxpayer dollars and ignoring elected officials who are standing up for fishermen.” Follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/11A9xuI 
 Please LIKE or SHARE the “good news for Tennessee fishermen” if you plan on fishing in Tennessee this Summer.
I’m pleased President Obama has finally joined the bipartisan efforts to fix our nation’s mental health policies. Instead of pushing for legislation that fails to address the tragedies we witnessed in Newtown, Aurora, and Tucson, I hope the president will work with Congress to improve how we identify and care for Americans who suffer from diagnosable mental illnesses before a mental health crisis results in violence.
Sad to hear of Sen. Lautenberg’s passing. He was a good man who served NJ and this nation honorably.
Scott County Flooding Update: The American Red Cross is offering assistance to Scott County residents impacted by the recent floods at Boles Southern Baptist Church and there are shelters available the Boles Community Center and Y City.
We are continuing to debate the farm bill this week. I've offered the following amendments to enhance it.
The "Irresponsible" Revenue Service #IRS spent $50M on conferences! Unbelievable.
Op-Ed: The administration’s decision to cut Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) and Secure Rural Schools and Self Determination Act (SRS) payments is one that is baseless and can have significant impacts on local communities.  Federal lands cannot be taxed by local or state governments, and local communities have little control over management of these lands within their jurisdiction.  Laws have been enacted that provide payments to offset the impact of the presence of federal lands.  Due to the large amount of National Forest System land in Idaho, nearly 80 percent of Idaho’s counties receive county payments.  The administration has proposed reductions in these essential county payments, rather than making cuts within its discretionary spending to meet sequestration targets.  I will continue to press for a resolution that ensures the federal government meets its responsibility and removes the uncertainty currently facing many rural communities.
New Jersey and the U.S. Senate lost an American Hero this morning with the passing of U.S. Senator Frank Lautenberg.  Frank’s death brings an end to an era of World War II veterans serving in the Senate.  I have worked with the New Jersey Senator on many important issues and will miss his wisdom.  My thoughts and prayers are with his family and all of New Jersey as they mourn the loss of a true public servant.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Senator Corker traveled throughout Tennessee last week. Read more about his week at http://1.usa.gov/19D3XQ0. Interested in receiving updates from Senator Corker each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
Quick poll. Is it time to abolish the IRS?   Comment below with YES or NO!
We want to award the Congressional Gold Medal to America’s first Special Operations unit in World War II.  The First Special Service Force in World War II was comprised of 1,800 volunteers including Wyoming residents from Cheyenne, Worland, Buffalo, Cody, Saratoga, Green River, and Grover.
A new website went live recently that will help shine light into every agency and every program within the federal government. With a national debt exceeding $17 trillion, we need more oversight and more transparency. This site is another tool that will help taxpayers see where their money goes.
It was with great sadness I learned of Senator Lautenberg’s passing.  He was a fine man who served his nation honorably in World War II.  He was a true gentleman who will be missed by his family, friends, and colleagues in the United States Senate.
A visit from Grassley - FreemanJournal.net
AP News : Despite hot issues, lawmakers meet public less. Grassley persists as town halls fade.
Seems Assad winning  Time to ask Q we Asked '51 a la GeoSantayana (don't repeat mistakes). Who lost China?Now who lost Syria?
Why isn't President Obama "reset"policy w Russia working?  He has tried so hard and Putin "thumbs his nose" at our President.
I’m pleased that President Barack Obama signed the Stolen Valor Act into law today. The brave acts of the men and women in our military should be honored and protected. Thanks to the hard work of Rep Joe Heck and those who joined us in support of this issue, the recognition that these men and women earned will be preserved. http://1.usa.gov/10UjDrx
NA
Another Illinois credit rating downgrade after pension fix failure. Increased interest rates hurts all Illinoisans.
Great weekend celebrating the marriage of my son Jack and new daughter-in-law Renee.
This is great news for fishing enthusiasts and business owners in Kentucky.
President signs Freedom to Fish into law. McConnell measure prevents federal barricades along Cumberland River.
NA
Before returning to Washington this morning, I toured Treat America Food Services in Lenexa. It’s always good to visit thriving Kansas businesses like Treat America and learn more about their operations. Established 20 years ago with only eight employees, they now boast 1,200 and lead the food services industry in developing innovative technologies focused on consumer demand and healthy options. During the tour, Treat America President and National Automatic Merchandising Association Board Member John Mitchell, Jr. and I had the opportunity to discuss issues affecting the industry and how the association is working to address them.
Congrats to the Kansas State University Baseball Team and Coach Brad Hill for winning the regional championship and moving on to the NCAA Super Regional Tournament for the first time ever.
This afternoon on my way back to DC on Alaska Airlines flight #2, it was announced that I have achieved Million Mile status. I'm told I have traveled to the moon and back TWICE on the wings of Alaska!  My thanks to Alaska Airlines staff for always getting me back home to AK and back to DC safely!
I am pleased to welcome 10 of Alaska’s brightest kids to my DC office.  Duncan Brewer of Kenai; Sara Gomez of Ketchikan; Zachary Minster of Anchorage; Elisha Fields of Kodiak; Sydney Laudon of Anchorage; Kayla Dunham of North Pole; Jackson Landis of Ketchikan; Bradley Bourdon of Anchorage; Ariana Swan of Galena; and William Treadwell of Anchorage all started as first session summer interns today. So many professionals in public service today, including myself, can trace their careers back to their internships, and I know this is just the beginning for these smart young Alaskans! Learn more about my intern program here: http://1.usa.gov/10UmUHh
With my colleagues and Americans nationwide, I mourn the loss of Senator Frank Lautenberg.  He truly was a humble self-made man who plunged himself into every effort he joined – whether through his lifelong commitment to the military he served in WWII, his tremendous success in the private sector, or his Senate career where he had a profound impact on veterans education, domestic violence, international human rights and chemical safety issues.  I know he enjoyed his time in Alaska whenever he visited and I share my condolences on behalf of my state, as well as our veterans, and salute the loss of a member of the greatest generation.
The Celebrity Solstice was the first cruise ship to have real grass! Today on its first trip to Ketchikan, my staffer Sonia Henrick took her shoes to test it out.
Love to see new cruise ships coming to Alaska and the good things they do for our economy.  Today, Captain Yannis Berdos accepted a plaque from Ketchikan Gateway Borough Mayor Dave Kiffer aboard the Celebrity Solstice on its inaugural visit to Ketchikan.
Congrats to Col. Donald S. Wenke on his promotion today to Brigadier General of the 176th Wing of the Alaska Air National Guard!
Good visit to Newark VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic earlier today. Enjoyed talking with our vets about their care & need for accessible treatment.
Visited with Mental Health & Recovery for Licking & Knox Counties about drug abuse fight & mental healthcare for veterans.
Good paddle on Little Miami River this evening with my trusty companion, Chuck. Training for canoe race on Ohio River June 22nd.
I am pleased Freedom to Fish has been signed into law - and I know I am speaking for many Kentuckians when I say that. The livelihoods of many business owners and fishermen were at stake, but because of this legislation's enactment, they will continue to enjoy the freedom to fish without the bureaucratic overreach of the Army Corps.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=829
My op-ed at San Jose Mercury on why government must not hamper the job creating and innovative technology industry.
NA
Thoughts and prayers with the family of Senator Lautenberg, who passed away this morning. He was the last World War II veteran in the Senate, and we thank him for his service to our nation.
Congressman Patrick Meehan and I are urging Secretary Sebelius to use existing rules to help 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan receive the lung transplant she desperately needs. We are not asking for an exemption for Sarah, rather we are asking the Secretary to exercise authorities available to her now. You can read our letter here:
Glad my regional manager for Erie, Sheila Sterrett, was on hand to congratulate Gary Carver of Carver International Inc. last week. Gary was awarded the 2013 President's "E" Award. Carver International, an international freight forwarder, is one of 57 U.S. companies being recognized for their significant contribution to increasing American exports. Congratulations Gary.
US Army Lt. Gen. Frank Wiercinski retires tomorrow. Most recently of US Army Pacific Command, he and his wife, Jeanine, are both great Pennsylvanians. On behalf of a grateful commonwealth and country, thank you for such devoted service.
Wicker Report: Part of our civic duty is ensuring today’s youth are educated about the democratic process.  Sadly, statistics show far too many U.S. students are uninformed about how our government works. In 2011, the National Assessment of Educational Progress found only about a quarter of students achieved a proficient score in civics.  Read more by clicking the link below:
