Sen. Alexander today said that the Army Corps of Engineers’ decision to remove buoys restricting access to fishing areas below dams on the Cumberland River—in compliance with legislation he sponsored that became law on June 3 –is “the right way to end the fishing controversy.” 
 Alexander said, “This preserves the freedom to fish for generations of Americans who enjoy fishing below the dams on the Cumberland River, and does so in a way that gives the appropriate state wildlife agencies authority for boating safety.” http://1.usa.gov/12Wf4n2
Joining Senator Shaheen at NH Business Day luncheon on Capitol Hill
NA
The death tax is a devastating blow for farm families in Missouri and nationwide who are planning for the future and transitioning from one generation to the next. That’s why I’m co-sponsoring Senator John Thune’s bill to permanently eliminate the federal estate tax on family farms, ranches, and small businesses.
We're happy to have this great group of students from across the state in Washington as part of the Arkansas Electric Cooperative Youth Group.
On June 19, 1862, Congress passed, and President Abraham Lincoln signed, a measure abolishing slavery in U.S. territories. Happy Juneteenth!
I will speak at the National Journal Back in Business Forum at 1:30pm (ET) 11:30 am (MT) about health care solutions Washington can learn from. Watch it LIVE by clicking the link below:
http://youtu.be/DqfpBFAMCIQ
NA
My good friend from Utah, Senator Orrin Hatch, had a great editorial in the Wall Street Journal about the Internal Revenue Service and Obamacare.  Orrin asks a key question, “if the IRS can't manage an increase of 1,700 applications for tax-exempt status that the agency said spurred its targeting of conservative groups, how will the IRS handle its massive new role in implementing ObamaCare?”  We have tried to get answers from the administration on how the Obamacare office at the IRS will operate, but so far our efforts have been unsuccessful.  Frankly, I am extremely concerned about the IRS’s central role in the implementation of this massive law.
News Release: The U.S. Senate has adopted the amendment to the Immigration Reform package that Montana Senator Jon Tester and I offered.  This amendment will add four tribal representatives—two from the northern region and two from the southern region—to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Border Oversight Task Force. These border communities know the land better than anyone, including its vulnerabilities and threats.  Tribes on both the northern and southern borders will now be included to improve public safety and better communicate with law enforcement.
.@SenatorRisch and I did not let the rain stop us today from welcoming over 30 Idaho educators to the Capitol. #idpol #idedu #ided
Proud to support Sen. Lee’s border security amendment on the floor just now.
Daily Caller: Cornyn: Immigration Bill is 'Dead on Arrival' in House:
Just voted to stop Democrats from blocking Sen. Paul’s Trust but Verify amendment
The Hill: Cornyn: Senate Immigration Bill is 'Dead on Arrival in the House:'
VIDEO: NBC: Cornyn - Amnesty in Gang of Eight's Bill Like '1986 on Steroids:'
KVUE Austin: Texas Senator Sponsoring Resolution Honoring Juneteenth:
Cornyn: CBO Estimates Gang Bill Only Reduces Illegal Immigration by 25%:
Cornyn Statement on Juneteenth:
PJ Media: Cornyn: Obama Wants Us to Believe Funding Assad's Arms Supplier is a Security Interest:
Border security at heart of immigration debate
From the east side of the Brandenburg Gate, President Obama gave an extraordinary speech today sketching out his plans for a new global order in which traditional national security interests will be replaced by a collective approach to everything from global warming to nuclear weapon capability.  The irony, of course, is that President Obama was free to stand on the formerly-Soviet side of the Brandenburg Gate and opine about global peace with justice because of the strength of the very nuclear arsenal he now proposes to dismantle. While the President claimed today that at the end of the Cold War, “Openness won. Tolerance won. And freedom won here in Berlin,” the reality is that the United States of America won. The Berlin wall did not come down simply because the German people dreamed of freedom. The Berlin came wall down because an American President distilled his policy towards the Soviet Union into a simple formula: “We win, they lose.”  If history be our guide, although the notion of “peace with justice” that the President mentioned ten times in his speech may sound appealing, we will be far better served by President Reagan’s policy of “peace through strength,” which cannot be achieved by appeasement or yet another round of nuclear cuts by the Obama administration.
LIKE if you agree it is time to abolish the IRS!
Just spoke with Rush Limbaugh about my opposition to the Gang of Eight's immigration bill.   Listen and SHARE if you agree we must secure the border now!
Joining Rush Limbaugh live on air around 12:05 pm CT. Hope you'll tune in or listen online:
Sequester? What sequester? After harassing conservative groups, the IRS will now pay out $70 million of YOUR tax dollars in bonuses.   Time to abolish it.
I’ve joined with Rep. Lummis and others to introduce a bipartisan bill that allows small businesses to pool resources in order to compete for larger government contracts typically out of their reach. This would save the federal government money through increased competition. It’s a small business bill that could mean big changes for those most in need. It makes perfect sense.
The FDA has enough to do approving and regulating life-saving drugs and ensuring the safety of our food supply.  Its personnel should not be taking the time or your money to promote the president’s health care law.
President Obama announced plans to further reduce America’s nuclear capabilities. Our ICBM force is on the frontlines of our national defense and helps ensure that we always have an effective deterrent to those who wish to do us harm. While President Obama may want to appease Russia we can’t forget about other countries, including China. China is increasing its capabilities while the president seeks weaken ours. We live in a dangerous world and how we approach national security has to reflect that. I support the men and women at F.E. Warren who give us their best every day. The delegation will stand against efforts to cede the upper hand in areas of national security.
While the argument can be made that most – if not all – taxes are burdensome, there is often one especially onerous tax that comes to mind: the death tax. This is the tax imposed on the transfer of the "taxable estate" of a deceased person. In addition to being overly burdensome to families and businesses, the death tax only contributes less than 1 percent to overall federal tax revenue.    I cosponsored a bill today introduced by Sen. John Thune of South Dakota that would permanently eliminate the death tax. Fully repealing this tax will allow families and businesses greater financial certainty, while also growing the U.S. economy. Economist Douglas Holtz-Eakin estimates that elimination of the tax would result in the creation of 1.5 million private sector jobs, and reduce the unemployment rate by nearly a whole percentage point.    It’s time we put this tax six feet under.
Today, I filed an important amendment to the immigration bill to ensure our border is fully secure. Learn more:
I am deeply troubled by the Administration’s plans to reduce America’s nuclear deterrent by one third. A robust nuclear deterrent has kept us safe since World War II and remains a cornerstone of U.S. National security policy. The United States is already reducing its nuclear deterrent to comply with the New START Treaty obligations. Further disarmament is premature.  I will be working with my colleagues to ensure our nuclear deterrent remains modern and effective in an increasingly dangerous world.
I believe it’s wrong to tax hardworking Americans twice – once when they earn their money, and again when they give it away. Nebraskans know all too well that small business owners and family farmers and ranchers are hit hardest by the federal estate tax. I’m proud to cosponsor the Death Tax Repeal Act to abolish this unfair burden on our chief job creators and their families. "Like" if you agree: It's time to repeal the death tax.
Pleased that both Democrats and Republicans have joined me to ensure the Southern Border Security Commission is as fully representative as possible. If the federal government fails to gain control of the borders, then the states most affected by that failure should be able to play a role in fixing the problem. By having a seat at the table, Nevada can make recommendations based on its unique experiences and location so the United States can finally solve the enduring problem of border security.
 http://1.usa.gov/14jqNrD
It is an honor and privilege to nominate North Dakota’s best and brightest students to represent our great state at one of our nation’s military service academies.  I encourage interested individuals to apply through my office.    Application deadline is October 11, and application materials are available through my website.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/academy-nominations
The FDA should focus resources on approving lifesaving medical products, not promoting #Obamacare. Please share and comment below. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=news&id=782
I enjoyed speaking to the "Audit the IRS" rally today in Washington.  I am planning to discuss the rally tonight on Greta.  You can tune into Fox News at 10:10 p.m. EST to watch.
Congress should have to approve DHS border security plans. Cutting out Congress means cutting out American people.
Republican and Democratic administrations have failed to enforce our immigration laws and secure our border.  I introduced Amendment 1208 to the immigration bill to require fast-track congressional approval of DHS border security plans.    Opponents of my amendment have argued that they would be unwilling to rely on a majority of Congress to approve the border security plan as a condition for allowing the Registered Provisional Immigrant period to open and to proceed. But has it ever occurred to them that it might be precisely because the majority of Americans won't approve the border security plan, or at least that they might not approve of it? Or perhaps it's not a good idea to move forward on sweeping new policies that will affect generations to come without the support of the American people?   It is, after all, the American people who have to deal with the consequences of a dangerous and unsecured border. They will have to deal with cross-border violence. They will have to deal with the heartbreaking stories of human trafficking. They will have to deal with the drugs that are imported in to their communities. They will have to deal with the economic effects and the added costs of public services associated with an ongoing unsecure border. Therefore, it is the American people who should be the ones who get to say whether or not the border is secure, not the unelected unaccountable bureaucrats who have a long track record of failing fully to implement objectives established by Congress embodied in law.
The president announced today that he intends to further reduce America's nuclear arsenal below the levels set by the New START Treaty.  I am disappointed by the president's lack of transparency to Congress and the American people in this process.  The Senate was only notified of this major strategic decision the evening before it was announced to the world, despite numerous questions from senators about nuclear modernization, the implementation of New START, and the status of U.S-Russia talks that have remained unanswered for months.  Only three years ago, we were told that the force level required under New START was precisely what we needed for our nuclear deterrent.  It is unclear what has changed since then, but the world is certainly not a safer place.
I had several people submit questions through Crowdhall that I answered during my last tele-townhall.  Here is a response to one of those questions.
‘The thought of having to visit the IRS and the undertaker on the same day is an absolute outrage.’
CNBC: Will #Obamacare Hurt Jobs? It's Already Happening, Poll Finds
“Americans still don’t like the idea of Obamacare. Not because they’re unable to understand, or because they just haven’t ‘seen the right messaging.’ It’s because most of them like their health plan and want to keep it. It’s because they don’t want to pay more to the health insurance companies. And it’s because they just don’t think the law is going to work as promised. And yet, the Washington Democrats’ explanation for Obamacare’s enduring unpopularity still seems to be that the law is just too complicated for their constituents to understand. And the Washington Democrat solution seems to be not to actually change the policy, but to spend millions in a campaign-style P.R. blitz. News flash: If you still don’t think Americans are able to understand a law you passed more than three years ago, then there’s something wrong with your law – not with the American people.”
Sen. Pat Roberts and I spoke with members of Douglas County 4-H who are visiting Washington today. Thanks for your great questions and interest in public service.
Alaska: I want to fully explain my decision to come out in support of Americans being free to love whom they choose, and shouldn’t need DC’s permission to do so.  Not too long ago, I had the honor of nominating an Alaskan family as “Angels in Adoption,” a celebration of the selflessness shown by foster care families and those who adopt children.  They arrived in Washington, DC, a military family who had opened their doors to not one child but four siblings to make sure that these sisters and brother had the simplest gift you can give a child: a home together.  We had lunch together, and they shared their stories with me.  All the while, the children politely ate lunch and giggled as content youngsters do.  Given my daily hectic Senate schedule, it’s not often that I get to sit down with such a happy family during a workday – and I think of them often, as everything our nation should encourage.  I bring them up because the partners were two women who had first made the decision to open their home to provide foster care to the eldest child in 2007.  Years later – and after a deployment abroad with the Alaska National Guard for one of them – they embraced the joy and sacrifice of four adopted children living under the same roof, with smiles, laughter, movie nights, parent-teacher conferences and runny noses.  Yet despite signing up and volunteering to give themselves fully to these four adorable children, our government does not meet this family halfway and allow them to be legally recognized as spouses. After their years of sleepless nights, after-school pickups and birthday cakes, if one of them gets sick or injured and needs critical care, the other would not be allowed to visit them in the emergency room – and the children could possibly be taken away from the healthy partner.  They do not get considered for household health care benefit coverage like spouses nationwide.  This first-class Alaskan family still lives a second-class existence.  The Supreme Court is set to make a pair of decisions on the topic of marriage equality shortly, and the national conversation on this issue is picking back up. This is a significant moment for our nation when it comes to rethinking our society’s priorities and the role of government in Americans’ private lives and decisions, so I want to be absolutely clear with Alaskans. I am a life-long Republican because I believe in promoting freedom and limiting the reach of government.  When government does act, I believe it should encourage family values.  I support the right of all Americans to marry the person they love and choose because I believe doing so promotes both values:  it keeps politicians out of the most private and personal aspects of peoples’ lives – while also encouraging more families to form and more adults to make a lifetime commitment to one another.  While my support for same sex civil marriage is something I believe in, I am equally committed to guaranteeing that religious freedoms remain inviolate, so that churches and other religious institutions can continue to determine and practice their own definition of marriage.  With the notion of marriage – an exclusive, emotional, binding ‘til death do you part’ tie – becoming more and more an exception to the rule given a rise in cohabitation and high rates of divorce, why should the federal government be telling adults who love one another that they cannot get married, simply because they happen to be gay?   I believe when there are so many forces pulling our society apart, we need more commitment to marriage, not less.  This thinking is consistent with what I hear from more and more Alaskans especially our younger generations.  Like the majority of Alaskans, I supported a constitutional amendment in 1998 defining marriage as only between a man and a woman, but my thinking has evolved as America has witnessed a clear cultural shift.  Fifteen years after that vote, I find that when one looks closer at the issue, you quickly realize that same sex unions or civil marriages are consistent with the independent mindset of our state – and they deserve a hands-off approach from our federal policies.  First, this is a personal liberty issue and has to do with the most important personal decision that any human makes.  I believe that, as Americans, our freedoms come from God and not government, and include the rights enumerated in the Declaration of Independence:  life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. What could be more important to the pursuit of happiness than the right to choose your spouse without asking a Washington politician for permission?    If there is one belief that unifies most Alaskans – our true north – it is less government and more freedom.  We don’t want the government in our pockets or our bedrooms; we certainly don’t need it in our families.  Secondly, civil marriage also touches the foundation of our national culture: safe, healthy families and robust community life. In so many ways, sound families are the foundation of our society.  Any efforts or opportunity to expand the civil bonds and rights to anyone that wants to build a stable, happy household should be promoted.  Thirdly, by focusing on civil marriage -- but also reserving to religious institutions the right to define marriage as they see fit -- this approach respects religious liberty by stopping at the church door.   As a Catholic, I see marriage as a valued sacrament that exists exclusively between a man and a woman.  Other faiths and belief systems feel differently about this issue – and they have every right to.  Churches must be allowed to define marriage and conduct ceremonies according to their rules, but the government should not tell people who they have a right to marry through a civil ceremony.  I recently read an interview where Ronald Reagan’s daughter said that she believes he would have supported same-sex marriage, that he would think “What difference does it make to anybody else’s life? I also think because he wanted government out of peoples’ lives, he would not understand the intrusion of government banning such a thing. This is not what he would have thought government should be doing.”  Like Reagan, Alaskans believe that government works best when it gets out of the way.  Countless Alaskans and Americans want to give themselves to one another and create a home together.  I support marriage equality and support the government getting out of the way to let that happen.
Alaska’s veterans face a battleground of bureaucracy when it comes to getting the benefits they have earned – and often have to travel unnecessary distances and pay unnecessary expenses to do so.  I worked on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee to address 10 of the biggest issues standing in the way of veterans getting the care they need and deserve:
Thank you to the greatest generation for your service. Special morning at WWII Memorial with Honor Flight.
Honored to visit the World War II Memorial to welcome Honor Flight veterans, including Thomas Malaney, 4th Marine Division, from Cleveland.
In case you missed it, these Senators voted to table my Amendment and thus voted against securing our border first:  http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=113&session=1&vote=00154
Dear Facebook friends, Would you please like and share my Official Senate Facebook page to help get me past 100,000 likes? I’m well on my way, but I need your help to keep spreading the word about fiscal restraint, government accountability, and my dedication to uphold the Constitution to the rest of  the Facebook community. The 100,000th follower will receive a personalized video shout-out from me.    In Liberty,   Rand Paul
In case you missed it, here is my speech from this afternoon's Tea Party Patriot's Audit the IRS Rally: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE1kjqhTdu4
It was wonderful meeting the young men and women from the Kentucky Electric Co-ops Youth Group just a few moments ago.
Big crowd at today's Tea Party rally at the Capitol against IRS targeting.
Watch the Audit the IRS Tea Party rally live here: http://www.c-spanvideo.org/program/IRSPr
Every summer, I host an intern lecture series for young adults interning in Washington.  I am excited to kick off the series at the Heritage Foundation this afternoon.
Senator Ted Cruz asks a good question: "Anyone know if President Obama intends to perform background checks on the Syrian rebels before providing them weapons?"
I spoke with Ray Suarez of PBS News Hour about Immigration Reform and my Trust but Verify amendment.  We must first secure the border before any other reforms take place.  http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/politics/jan-june13/immigration_06-18.html
Clapper created a credibility gap when he lied under oath before Congress.  So is it really any wonder why the American people do not trust our government intelligence community? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3pxT_sNfdE
Last night, I appeared on Fox's On the Record with Greta Van Susteren to discuss NSA surveillance, Edward Snowden, and more.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ySf1Bztiuc
In case you missed it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aartoJjmNU
A big congratulations to the Congressional Award Gold Medal Winners from Kansas! So glad to be joined by @senjerrymoran and @repkevinyoder at your ceremony.
Great to be joined by Senator Jerry Moran as we met with the great kids from the Douglas County 4H group today.
Thanks for the help folks, the Garnett couple has been found alive and well.
The exchanges in Obamacare aren't going to be up and ready as promised. The American people can't plan for the future, if they don't know when this "train wreck" is going to come into force.  That is why I introduced S.1154 to sunset these exchanges if the Administration misses the self imposed implementation deadline.  We need to start over with true, market based reforms that will lower costs, increase coverage, and make us a safer, healthier, more fiscally sound nation.  http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324520904578553871314315986.html?mod=WSJ_hps_LEFTTopStories
Please keep an eye out for this missing couple. Spread the word and share. From the Star: Vernon Hunt, 91, and Goldie Hunt, 81, are presumed to have taken Interstate 70 from Kansas City to St. Louis and Interstate 55 to Dwight. Their vehicle is a black 2005 Chrysler 300 with Kansas plates 473FNM.   http://www.kansascity.com/2013/06/18/4300796/elderly-couple-from-garnett-kan.html
I've had the immense pleasure of meeting with Cassie a few times over the last month, and, as today's Star outlines, she is a brilliant hard working girl, who is making Kansas proud.  Keep up the good work Cassie!
 
 http://www.kansascity.com/2013/06/18/4300783/service-with-a-smile-the-cassie.html
Republican Senators To Secretary Kerry: Nuclear Arsenal Should Only Be Reduced With Senate Approval: http://1.usa.gov/17YWj3r
Sessions: “[According to CBO]: ‘The average wage would be lower than under current law over the first dozen years.’ … That should be the end of the bill right there…  So I don’t see how we owe loyalty to Mr. Zuckerberg, [the] Facebook billionaire who’s running ads telling us what we’re supposed to do… I suspect if Mr. Zuckerberg were to post job openings tonight on his Facebook, put out his salaries and what he wants to pay, he’d find there might be plenty of Americans who want to take these jobs. I suspect so. So I’d ask him to do so: put on your website what kind of qualifications, what kind of salaries you’ll pay, and let’s see if we don’t have more applications than you’ve suggested exist out there.”
Sessions: “Much of the focus to date on the security flaws in the Gang of Eight plan have centered around the fact that it provides immediate amnesty without border security. Less discussed, however, is how the Gang of Eight plan decimates future immigration enforcement inside our borders… The Gang of Eight plan not only would effectively create an immediate amnesty for those here illegally today but a permanent de facto amnesty for future illegal aliens who arrive tomorrow… The Gang of Eight worked with the special interests to craft provisions to further handcuff law enforcement from doing their jobs.”
Sessions will be speaking on the Senate floor momentarily on the CBO's finding that the immigration bill will reduce wages. You can watch live here:
Sessions: “This bill guarantees three things: amnesty, increased welfare costs and lower wages for the U.S. workforce… It would be the biggest setback for poor and middle-class Americans of any legislation Congress has considered in decades.”
Sessions remarks on the CBO score for the Gang of Eight immigration bill:   “The bill’s drafters relied on the same scoring gimmicks used by the Obamacare drafters to conceal its true cost from taxpayers and to manipulate the CBO score. There is a reason why eligibility for the most expensive federal benefits was largely delayed outside the 10-year scoring window: to mislead the public. As Ranking Member of the Budget Committee, I asked CBO to provide a long-term estimate. Sadly, CBO did not provide the long-term estimate as requested. As a result, the score effectively conceals some of the biggest long-term costs to taxpayers contained in this legislation, including providing illegal immigrants with Medicaid, food stamps, and cash welfare. Some members of Congress are already pushing efforts to expedite this eligibility.  Welfare and entitlement costs will increase across the lifespan of the illegal immigrants legalized under this legislation. CBO did not provide enough information to assess the assumptions it made about the educational background of illegal immigrants and thus their methodology may be substantially flawed. An accurate analysis would acknowledge that half of that population does not have high school degrees, and is therefore more likely to receive far more in government support than they will pay in the form of taxes. For every dollar a low-income illegal immigrant might pay in either taxes or payroll contributions, he or she could easily receive two dollars back from the government in the form of public assistance for their household. It defies logic and common sense for anyone to suggest there is not an enormous cost in choosing to provide welfare to those who are currently not eligible for these benefits.  CBO’s score also necessarily fails to capture one of the most significant fiscal impacts this bill would have: the immediate fiscal burden on cities and states. When illegal immigrants are first legalized, they will become almost instantly eligible for local and state programs at a great cost to taxpayers. These costs will be increased substantially by the unlimited chain migration that is called for under the bill.  Finally, on wages: it is natural that a large increase in the number of legal immigrants added to the United States—an increase of at least 46 million by 2033 according to CBO, including a doubling of the number of guest workers—will increase the GDP. But, as Dr. Borjas has illustrated and as CBO confirms, this increased GDP will be at the expense of poor and working-class Americans. The benefit will go to the business owners while the wages of U.S. workers—which should be growing—will instead decline. That is indisputable, and while CBO did not sort out the effects among U.S. residents, the impact will be harshest for today’s low-income Americans. Meanwhile, the 21 million Americans who can’t find full-time work will have an ever harder time getting a job and supporting their families. More of them will therefore qualify for means-tested benefits, adding to deficits.  This bill guarantees three things: amnesty, increased welfare costs, and lower wages for the U.S. workforce. It would be the biggest setback for poor and middle-class Americans of any legislation Congress has considered in decades.”
NA
Sessions: “[This legislation] creates an unprecedented flow of new workers into America—the likes of which we have never seen before—and it will have a direct result of depressing job opportunities and wages of American citizens [and] people who are legally here as immigrants… Don’t we have a responsibility to consider how it will impact people who are unemployed today?”
Joined my colleagues today to introduce legislation that would permanently repeal the death tax. We should not be stifling entrepreneurship and making it harder for families to get by when a loved one passes away.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-calls-end-death-tax
Honored to be in attendance at the unveiling of the #FrederickDouglass Statue in the U.S. Capitol Visitor Center's Emancipation Hall.
Thank you to our Washington summer interns - Trey from Powdersville, Ben from Florence, Jameson from Seabrook, and Margarita from Columbia. Your hard work makes #SouthCarolina proud!
Congrats to Lewisburg High School students Amanda Kelly, Claire Martin, Brett Clark, Nate Martin, Alex Liscum and faculty sponsor Michael Creeger for winning fourth place in the 10th Annual Capitol Hill Challenge Stock Market Game. Now more than ever, financial literacy is an essential skill for our students to learn. It's great to see that Lewisburg High School has, for the second time in a row now, fielded a nationally competitive team.
As we approach the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg, art on the contributions of African American soldiers in the Civil War will be on display next week at the Union League in Philadelphia.
Mitch Vidovich, my manager for Southeast Pennsylvania, visited The Williamson Free School of Mechanical Trades today to celebrate their 125th anniversary. Williamson provides a free, quality education in the trade and technical fields for young adults in southeast Pennsylvania. Congratulations on this terrific milestone.
Congratulations Ryan. Good luck at the Air Force Academy.
In Case You Missed It: Here is my interview with Steve Gill on SuperTalk Mississippi regarding my efforts to #securetheborder.  Click the link below to listen to the interview.
Joining the JT Show on Supertalk Mississippi at 10:15am CT to discuss my efforts to secure the border. Listen here: http://supertalk.fm.
