[clockwise from top left] Sen. Alexander talks with Tennesseans and March of Dimes advocates Jimmy Hammock, Niki Taylor and #11 FedEx Toyota NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin, along with Nina Centofanti (lower left), whose family was named the 2014 March of Dimes National Ambassadors. They met to discuss important health issues, including the Alexander-sponsored bill to reduce premature births, which passed the Senate last night: http://1.usa.gov/15yeexU
NA
I spoke in the floor yesterday about my continued efforts to repeal and defund ObamaCare. Share this post if you agree Senate Democrats should listen to Americans and work with Republicans who are fighting to stop this flawed law.
After years of hard work, progress on securing the nation’s drug supply chain is being made. Americans deserve the peace of mind that their medicines are safe and won’t result in tragedies like last year’s meningitis outbreak.   To read more about this issue, click below.
During a speech on the Senate floor today, I called for passage of the continuing resolution sent over by the House of Representatives as it does exactly what we are trying to accomplish—it defunds Obamacare and keeps the government open. I also will vote against attempts to restore funding for Obamacare.
We'll be talking with Dave Elswick just after the top of the hour. You can listen live at the link below.
Sec. Kerry signed the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty despite bipartisan opposition. I will fight against this in the Senate.
The Helium Bill is headed to President’s desk—This is great news for Wyoming and is a significant step in the fight to restore our AML funding.
At the exact same time the President promises Americans that the  Obamacare exchanges are ready—the White House is announcing another delay. This is the latest example of how President Obama’s rhetoric about the law is not matching reality.
This summer the Obama administration announced it will delay penalties for employers who do not provide health insurance coverage to workers. Since there are still penalties for individuals who do not purchase insurance, I called up my legislation to delay both the employer and individual mandates.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhDthcH4Voc&feature=c4-overview&list=UUipTNiqJBYHutxpMxo0UOYw
News Release: I joined my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee in a letter to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew urging him to disclose how long and how great of a debt limit increase the Obama administration is requesting from Congress.  In addition, we called on the administration to immediately launch discussions to combat the nation’s long-term debt through concrete, structural entitlement reforms.  There is no time like the present and the debt limit presents an ideal opportunity to enact structural entitlement reforms to make the programs sustainable for years to come.  At a minimum, a down payment of initial entitlement reforms must be enacted in order to begin the process of bringing sustainable solvency to these programs.
Today, my schedule in D.C. prevents me from attending, but my thoughts are with those at the prayer vigil for Saeed Abedini in Boise. #idpol #idaho #SaeedAbedini
Yesterday, I joined my colleagues in voting unanimously to move to a bill that defunds #Obamacare. Thank you for your calls, emails, facebook post and tweets. I value each and every one as we debate the Continuing Resolution.
Cornyn: No Obamacare Exemptions For Federal Employees:
Cornyn: "Until we can defund, repeal or replace it, everyone in the country ought to be treated exactly the same."
Cornyn: "Congress should never exempt itself or the federal government from a law it forces onto the American people. "
Democrats just blocked consideration of the following amendments to the defund Obamacare CR:   Senator Vitter: Unanimous Consent -- Called up Vitter amendment #1983 (No Washington Exemption from Obamacare). (Tester objected).   Senator Toomey Unanimous Consent -- There be 3 VOTES on: 1.      Toomey amendment #1971 (repeal medical device tax); 2.      Toomey amendment #1972 (delay individual mandate); and                3.   Toomey amendment #1973 (protect religious freedom). (Tester objected)   Senator Coats: Unanimous Consent -- There be a VOTE on: Coats amendment #1979 (delay individual and employer mandate). (Tester objected).
All Americans (including Congress should be treated the same: Just agreed to co-sponoser Rand Paul's amendment to put all federal employees on Obamacare exchanges if we are not successful (yet) in defunding, delaying, or repealing Obamacare?
Just asking: How many of you are for shutting down the government even if it doesn't defund Obamacare?
Killing the House defundit bill would not kill Obamacare, just the opposite.  Why would I vote against a bill I am for?
Chron: Cornyn Criticizes Signing of UN Arms Treaty:
Cornyn Blasts IRS After Tens of Millions in Taxpayer Dollars Go Missing:
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn on Fox News: Democrats, Defund or Double-Down on Obamacare?
"Kerry’s signature on the Treaty is the latest attempt to trounce on the constitutional rights of law-abiding Texans.”
Senators Who Opposed Obama On Syria Tell President to Get Tough on Iran:
"Passing bipartisan House and Senate defunding bills is a better strategy than no vote at all." http://www.chron.com/opinion/outlook/article/Cornyn-Bipartisan-legislation-is-the-best-way-to-4843007.php
Cornyn: "For those Dems who insist on riding this train wreck of a law over the cliff, they will have to stand in front of their constituents."
My OpEd in today's Chronicle on how we can defund Obamacare w/just 51 votes: http://www.chron.com/opinion/outlook/article/Cornyn-Bipartisan-legislation-is-the-best-way-to-4843007.php
Cornyn: "This is a unique and rare opportunity to defund Obamacare with a simple majority - 51 votes.'
Congratulations to the newest member of the Texas Supreme Court: Justice Jeff Brown!
Freeing American prisoners of conscience in Iranian prisons should be a pre-condition to any negotiations with Iran. #FreeAmir
This debate's in your hands. #MakeDCListen and vote against cloture to #DefundObamacare.
Our missile state coalition is telling Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to back away from a Defense Department plan to conduct an environmental study on the possible elimination of intercontinental ballistic missile silos. Legislation in both the Senate and the House of Representatives prohibits the department from moving forward on such an environmental study with Fiscal Year 2014 funds.
Congress has just sent the President a bipartisan bill that will ensure America has a stable supply of helium. He should sign it into law. Thanks to the revenue raised by this bill, Wyoming will soon start receiving part of its AML funding that was stolen last year. The delegation will continue to take every opportunity to make sure Washington fully restores Wyoming’s AML funds.
Folks in Wyoming have been asking me about defunding Obamacare and the president exempting Congress from the health care law. I will vote against cloture and I will vote to #DefundObamaCare. I am also working to make sure Congress doesn't get exempt from the laws they pass. Check out the video below to see if I answered your question.
I will not support a continuing resolution that funds implementation or enforcement of ObamaCare. I will not support parliamentary maneuvering that will strip the defunding of ObamaCare provisions from the House passed continuing resolution. I will vote against cloture. My vote will be a vote to #DefundObamaCare. Anyone or any organization that tells you different is selling something.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about the need to delay the president’s healthcare law for ALL Americans. The American people deserve better than the broken promises and selective delays of Obamacare. Watch my remarks here:
Today is National Pediatric Brain Cancer Awareness Day! I was honored to introduce a resolution designating this day to educate families and encourage others to get involved in an important cause. Today, Nebraskans are proud to join the Hoffman family in their dedicated efforts to raise awareness for pediatric brain cancer and show support for Atkinson’s own Jack Hoffman and the thousands of children across the country suffering from this horrible disease. Today is also Jack’s birthday. Happy Birthday, Jack!
NA
Another delay in #Obamacare. Like this post and share it with your friends if you support a permanent delay. http://politi.co/16Cly5J
Tune in tonight at 8:30PM Central to FOX News' Hannity where I will be discussing ObamaCare with my friend Senator Mike Lee.
The type of cooperation between federal and state authorities which led to the indictment of members of the Hobos Gang, a faction of the Gangster Disciples, is exactly why I am fighting for $19.5 million in federal funding to fight gangs of national significance.
 
 Read the full statement: http://1.usa.gov/1h6t7re
#ObamaCare will hurt #SmallBusiness. 
 
 Evidence: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/09/obamacare-faces-new-delay-in-small-business-enrollment-97401.html?hp=t1_3
Thanks to the #Illinois constituents who joined Senator Dick Durbin and me for coffee and an update on the Senate this morning. See the album below for photos from the event.
NA
Zachary Fardon will fight corruption & take on dangerous #gangs. Senator Dick Durbin & I are united to ensure confirmation.
 
 Learn more: http://1.usa.gov/1bIw1o1
Senator Jim Inhofe has been a valuable ally in the effort to #DefundObamacare.  He is also leading the fight to ensure that the Senate doesn't erode our 2nd Amendment rights by ratifying the UN Arms Trade Treaty.  I would recommend liking his page if you haven't already.
I am encouraged by the increasing number of my colleagues who have been calling me to commit their support in the upcoming vote to #DefundObamacare #MakeDCListen
Republicans have the votes to prevent Sen. Harry Reid from reinstating funding for Obamacare in the House continuing resolution if they will stay unified:
Right now this is fight:  Senate Republicans have the votes to prevent Sen. Harry Reid from reinstating funding for #Obamacare in the House continuing resolution if they will stay unified.  Republicans voting “YES” on cloture will likely find themselves aligned with a united Democratic caucus on a procedural vote that would allow Sen. Reid to gut the House bill and fund Obamacare.    Now is the time to #MakeDCListen
Today at noon CT, a prayer vigil for Pastor Saeed Abedini, an Iranian-American Christian incarcerated at the Evin Prison in Tehran and whose case I’ve been following over the past year, will take place on the south steps of the Statehouse in Topeka. Iran’s treatment of Pastor Saeed is another example of their government’s disregard for fundamental human rights and religious freedom. My prayers continue to be with the pastor and his family.
The Affordable Care Act keeps falling apart, bit by bit – and I think enough is enough.  So far, the White House has already delayed the employer mandate for a year, delayed for a year the caps on out-of pocket expenses and just today, postponed registration for some online exchanges – but yet everyday Alaskans are still going to be required to pay into it on day one. I don’t believe in the double-standard of only giving businesses who successfully lobbied this administration a delay; I believe every American deserves a break from this unworkable law, which is why I'm co-sponsoring a one-year delay for the individual mandate.
I know many Alaskans are concerned about the health care law this week, but we are also incredibly wary of the government’s surveillance practices and our privacy rights in light of the National Security Agency tracking our phone logs, e-mails and Internet use.  The Intelligence Committee is talking about the reforms Americans need and deserve right now.  Click below for the live-stream.
As of today, Pastor Saeed has spent one year in Iranian prison. I continue to call for his release. We must stand for religious freedom.
Spoke on Senate floor about need to replace Obamacare with healthcare reform that works for Ohio families.
Introduced an amendment ensuring budget caps continue despite Washington's dysfunction. If passed, it helps avoid bad last minute deals.
Your Tax Dollars…Down The Drain: $1.3 billion in overpayments from already near bankrupt SS Disability Insurance
If you haven't already, follow my Instagram account for a behind-the-scenes look into my daily activities in DC & KY. Follow Here: http://instagram.com/senatorrandpaul#
In case you missed it:  Last night, I appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity to discuss defunding Obamacare.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=ZwMinpUjUm4
4 days left. Will you be able to get the treatment you need? #DefundObamaCare
News of yet another #Obamacare delay. We need to defund it and start over.
Sen. Sessions delivered a speech today listing some of the gravest problems with the President's health law. Earlier this week, he joined with Sen. Cruz during his historic speech on the Senate floor.
When [Host Steve Bannon] asked earlier in the interview about how members of the Senate’s Gang of Eight, President Barack Obama, and others who support amnesty do not talk about [how] the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) said illegal immigration would drop under the Gang of Eight bill plan at best by 50 percent of current levels, Sessions described a campaign-style marketing machine pro-amnesty forces have cobbled together to drive for the unpopular policy…  "And when you talk about do the American people know they’re going to more than double the number of low-skilled workers that would come into the country at a time of persistently high unemployment, and a low percentage of people in the workplace? No, they don’t want to talk about that."
NA
My thoughts are with those affected by the fire in Georgetown's business district this week. Great community -I know they will rebuild strong.
I will be voting no on cloture.
News flash: The State Department reveals that the State Department's investigation of Benghazi was not biased. http://tinyurl.com/mse6oce
Kris and I are heartbroken to hear about the passing of Staff Sgt. Liam Nevins, who attended high school in Chester County.  Staff Sgt. Nevins and two other soldiers were killed defending our nation this past weekend in Afghanistan.  Our condolences go out to the families of all three of these heroes.  http://goo.gl/9VuPcE
