NA
Senator Ayotte's statement on fiscal cliff vote: “While the president was insistent on raising taxes, I voted to spare as many Americans as possible from getting hit by tax increases. Now it’s time for the president and Congress to cut spending and come up with real reforms to get us out of our crippling $16 trillion debt.”
The Senate unanimously approved a resolution that I introduced with Senator Landrieu condemning Russian President Putin for using his nation's children as political pawns. By blocking American families from all Russian adoptions, President Putin is creating an international dispute and demonstrating behavior that is not worthy of the credit we just gave the Russians when we granted them Permanent Normal Trade Relations last month.
Congress passed the bill I cosponsored to help Kansas City remain a focal point in the study of World War I. Missourians are deeply proud of our World War I heroes, and it is only fitting to make the site of America’s World War I Museum the home base for the Centennial celebration.
Senator Richard Burr issued the following statement on his vote to prevent a tax increase on 99% of Americans:   “While the deal we voted on tonight was far from perfect and not as comprehensive as I had hoped, I supported this proposal because it protects 99% of Americans from increased taxes, it provides permanent certainty on the estate tax and Alternative Minimum Tax, it provides one year of protection for the reimbursement of doctors, it extends unemployment insurance for one year, and the net result of the deal provides over $600 billion that should be used to pay down our national debt.”
Dallas Morning News: Cornyn, Hutchison, Sessions, Thornberry, Smith and Brady showed leadership
Safer Act, dealing with backlogged, untested rape kits, just passed the House.  Just needs to clear the Senate before being sent to POTUS for signature
Big rematch: On Saturday, January 5 the NDSU Bison will play the Sam Houston State Bearkats at the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision title scheduled to begin at 12 p.m. CT at the FC Dallas Stadium in Frisco, Texas.
On CNBC's "Squawk Box" today, Senator Corker expressed disappointment in the failure of a fiscal cliff agreement to reduce spending, saying the first quarter of the 113th Congress needs to be about one thing: entitlement reform, encouraging passage of his dollar-for-dollar legislation that would reduce the growth of spending on Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security by nearly $1 trillion in order to improve the programs' solvency. In exchange, Congress would approve the president's expected request for a $1 trillion increase in the debt ceiling. Watch the interview here:  http://bit.ly/ZUF5kw
After voting in favor of legislation to rescue 99 percent of the American people from a tax rate increase, Senator Corker said “it’s time to move on to the spending reductions that will be part of the debt ceiling package.”  “I am disappointed we could not address our country’s fiscal issues all at once, but unfortunately, the president made it clear that he was only willing to do this in two steps and leveraged the country and the economy to force revenues to be dealt with first. Now that we’ve addressed the revenue part of the equation, it’s time to move on to the spending reductions that will be part of the debt ceiling package.  Passing fundamental entitlement reform is the most important action we can take in ensuring our country’s solvency and now we must have the courage to finish the job and make the tough choices necessary to get these problems behind us once and for all,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/U7i37D
Tomorrow, Wednesday Jan. 2, at 8:00 a.m. ET (7:00 a.m. CT), Sen. Corker will be on CNBC’s "Squawk Box" to discuss the fiscal cliff.
NA
Carbon County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Sandy Tinsley from my Casper office Thursday, January 3. She will be at the Medicine Bow Senior Center from 11:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m., the Hanna Town Hall from 1:00 p.m. to 2:00 p.m., and the Saratoga Town Hall from 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. For more information, call 307-261-6572.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
NA
Congress has had nearly a year and a half to work out a deal, but the Senate has waited until the final hours to vote on a proposal. This entire process has been an embarrassment, and I hope that Washington finally realizes that running the clock on last-minute, high-drama crises is no way to run a country. Moving forward, Democrats and Republicans must commit to working together so that Congress can better serve the American people.  Times are tough, especially for the Silver State, and ultimately the Senate did the right thing today by providing certainty for Nevada’s families and businesses. Today the Senate came to an agreement on a pro-growth solution that will allow Nevadans to keep more of the money they earned in their pockets. While I did not get everything that I wanted, this bipartisan compromise will allow businesses to start planning for the future and ensure that unemployment benefits are extended at a time when so many Nevadans are looking for employment.  http://1.usa.gov/VAOGpf
NA
McConnell: ‘Washington’s credit card has reached its limit again, and the Senate majority must act on legislation early in February—rather than waiting until the last minute, abdicating responsibility and hoping someone else will step in once again to craft a last-minute solution for them. Once the Senate passes bipartisan legislation, we can conference with the House on a solution. But this time the entire Senate must have an opportunity to act.’
Early Tuesday morning, I voted to stop President Obama’s scheduled pay increase for members of Congress from going into effect. America faces the largest national debt in our history and trillion-dollar annual deficits. We must change the way the government operates and significantly reduce spending. The President should not be considering pay increases for Congress.
In case you missed it with all the fiscal cliff action in the House of Representatives yesterday, I’m also very glad to see the Maniilaq land transfer passed. This legislation will transfer three parcels of federal land and allow the health care center there to expand and grow with the medical needs of the 12 villages it serves.
I just finished receiving a very thorough briefing on the status of the Kulluk at the unified command in downtown Anchorage.  It was important to see firsthand how all the state, federal and local agencies are working together and understand the current status and proposals going forward.  There is a great team effort in treacherous conditions going on right now.
TUNE IN: Senator Shelby will be on CNBC's Squawk Box TOMORROW at 8am ET to discuss his vote on the fiscal cliff agreement.
Shelby: "We need fundamental tax reform, We need to reform our entitlements. We need to look at the spending ledger.”  Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/01/sen-shelby-becoming-like-europe-85672.html#ixzz2GpdRF0kz  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/01/sen-shelby-becoming-like-europe-85672.html
WATCH: Sen. Shelby discusses why he voted against the fiscal cliff agreement and why it is bad news for American taxpayers and the U.S. economy on Fox And Friends.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3jjwryGxSM&feature=youtu.be
Effective today, I have resigned from the U.S. House of Representatives. I want to thank the people of the First District - you have truly become like family over the past three years, and it was an honor to represent you in the House.  I look forward to continuing to serve the great state of South Carolina beginning tomorrow in the United States Senate.
You can read my full statement on the fiscal cliff vote at the link below. "The bottom line here is we must start making tough, responsible decisions for our nation’s future. This deal doesn’t do that, and that’s why I do not support it."  http://timscott.house.gov/press-release/rep-tim-scott-statement-fiscal-cliff-package
In case you missed it, I was on Morning Joe to discuss the fiscal cliff and where we go from here. We must have a fight over increasing the debt limit and demand spending cuts. We have leverage here; President Obama does not.
The pay freeze for Congressional members in the fiscal cliff deal is good first step. But with sky-rocketing deficits, much more spending cuts are needed.
I'll be on Morning Joe at 8:30 this morning to discuss the fiscal cliff. Moving forward, there must be serious spending cuts in exchange for a debt limit increase.
