Sen. Alexander made the following statement on the IRS’s admission today that it had a Tea Party “Enemies List” it targeted for additional reviews during the 2012 election:  “This is the United States of America, where the First Amendment protects our right to organize and speak up and speak out, and it’s shocking to learn that the IRS arbitrarily targeted any peaceful political organization for ideological reasons. I asked the IRS last year to explain its actions, and today we find out it was, in fact, targeting Tea Party groups. Congress needs to investigate this further and make sure those responsible for it are held accountable and that something like this never happens again.”   Follow this link to read more and see the letter Alexander sent to the IRS in March 2012 on this issue: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=4b353a81-025b-4e54-bf03-1a734a50f217&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658
I am outraged that the IRS played politics and wrongfully targeted conservative organizations during the election cycle. I join my colleagues in calling on the Obama Administration to conduct a transparent review and ensure this type of behavior is not tolerated moving forward and Americans’ first amendment rights are protected.
A program to help homeless veterans is important, but we can’t just stop once they have a roof over their head. We need a holistic approach.   Click below to watch more.
Today we honor the spouses of our military men & women whose difficulties we may never fully understand. I hope every American takes the opportunity to thank military spouses in their communities.
Benghazi, the backlog at the VA and my first online town hall were at the top of the list of a very busy week in Washington.
Arkansans and all Americans are rightfully concerned about Benghazi. Watch our latest "From the Mailbag" to hear my concerns.
Our veterans and their families have sacrificed to serve our country and we must protect and provide the care they earned. That’s why I recently raised an extremely troubling problem with the administration that is affecting hundreds of thousands of our nation’s veterans—the claims backlog at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
This is very troubling. IRS admits that it inappropriately targeted conservative political groups.
A great moment happened a week ago today at One World Trade Center. This photo is from the 100th floor, which got its spire.
Chron: Cornyn, TX GOP Slam IRS for 'Orwellian Persecution' of Conservative Groups:
"Led by Cornyn, Texas conservatives were quick to denounce the IRS and tie the behavior to the Obama Admin:"
KCBD Lubbock: Cornyn Responds to IRS Targeting Conservative Groups:
Cornyn Responds to IRS Targeting Conservative Groups:
Cornyn on IRS: "Admin. must...ensure American citizens are not subject to this type of Orwellian persecution again:"
Getting ready for the big race for a good cause
Katy News: Cornyn Offers Real Trigger for Border Security to Gang of Eight Bill:
Houston Chron: Committee Rejects Cornyn, Cruz Border Security Proposals:
Houston Chronicle: Cornyn: Perez Doesn't Have the Temperament or Competence to be Labor Secretary:
In a letter today to Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez, Senator Corker and committee Republicans requested a hearing on the deadly Benghazi terrorist attacks to examine new revelations “regarding the level of security leading up to the attacks and how the State Department and the administration responded to the attacks,” in addition to the lack of accountability for State Department officials who remain on paid leave despite their role in security failures that left the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya vulnerable to attack. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16nl3Sd.
Senator Corker posted the following Mother’s Day message on his Twitter account this afternoon. “Happy Mother’s Day weekend to my wife, Lizzy, my mom, Jean, and all the other great moms in Tennessee. -BC” If you’re not following the senator, you can do so at https://twitter.com/senbobcorker.
Senator Corker made the following statement today in response to reports that the Internal Revenue Service inappropriately flagged conservative political groups for additional reviews during the 2012 election. “As I said last year, all nonprofit organizations seeking tax-exempt status should be treated fairly and equitably by the IRS,” said Corker. “The IRS’s admission that its employees were specifically targeting conservative groups – including groups in Tennessee – is outrageous, disturbing, and will further erode Americans' trust in the federal government. Swift and decisive action should be taken to punish those responsible and to assure the American people that these actions will not be tolerated at the IRS or any other federal agency.” Last March, Senator Corker joined Senate colleagues in asking the Internal Revenue Service to treat all nonprofit groups seeking tax-exempt status fairly in the designation process.
It's outrageous that tea party groups were targeted by the IRS. Freedom-loving patriots deserve more than an apology from the government.   LIKE if you agree!
Revisionist history by the Administration on Benghazi?    We need to find out why:
I recorded this video yesterday responding to Wyoming constituents' questions and comments, first about immigration reform legislation and then about representing people with opposing views. The video is about 6.5 minutes long. For individual responses email me through my web page at enzi.senate.gov.
Calling all Wyoming high school students who are 16 or 17 years old with at least a 3.0 grade point average: Interested in learning firsthand how the U.S. Senate works? Then apply for the fall session of the U.S. Senate Page program. You’ll live in Washington, D.C. and be a part of your nation’s history! Click on the link to learn how to apply.
NA
Congratulations to the Peppermill & EKV Lounge in my hometown, Valentine. May is Beef month. Celebrate with our great Nebraska beef!
IRS targeting Conservative groups in Obama reelect yr demands Full accounting. Violates 1st amendment. Admission stunning&2 little 2 late.
Grassley says wind energy key component of America's energy supply
What an exciting opportunity! Congrats Green Valley High School! CC: The Rolling Stones
NA
Go Hawks!
McConnell meets with Kentuckians from ALS Association #ALSA13. Kentucky has a higher incidence of ALS than other States.
Mitch McConnell Demands White House Investigate IRS for Targeting Conservative Groups http://bit.ly/11YCQJr  via @wfplnews
McConnell: "Today, I call on the White House to conduct a transparent, government-wide review aimed at assuring the American people that these thuggish practices are not underway at the IRS or elsewhere in the administration against anyone, regardless of their political views."
On their last day of high school, I had the opportunity to visit with Sylvan-Lucas High School's 17 graduating seniors. Listening to their post-graduation plans makes me very proud of them, their families and our schools.
Good news. Today, the U.S. Department of Transportation’s Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announced that it will cancel the planned closure of 149 airport control towers thanks to the bipartisan bill passed by Congress which unequivocally directed the FAA to find savings elsewhere in their budget rather than target control towers for closure and air traffic controllers for furloughs.  It’s been a long fight since our original amendment prevent the towers from closing and preserve aviation safety was blocked from a vote, but in the end common sense prevailed over politics. This victory is thanks to a bipartisan coalition of Senators and Congressmen and women who came together to demonstrate that there are more responsible ways to cut spending than by compromising safety.  Kansas Air Traffic Control facilities protected from closure by the announcement include: Philip Billard Municipal in Topeka; Hutchinson Municipal in Hutchinson; New Century Air Center in Olathe; Johnson County Executive in Olathe; and Manhattan Regional in Manhattan.
Congratulations to McConnell Air Force Base for its second-place finish in the Commander in Chief's Excellence Award. The base is using the funds it was awarded to build a new pavilion that will be available for all Airmen and their families to enjoy. This new resource is much-deserved. Thanks to the Airmen at McConnell for continuing to excel and provide meaningful resources to the entire McConnell community.
Military Spouse Appreciation Day is a fitting reminder that our men and women in uniform are only as strong as the families who support them. Thank you to military spouses for your sacrifice that allows us to live in the strongest, freest, greatest country in the world.
I think just about everyone would like to live down a road like this.
I am so honored my Veteran Spotlight project has been recognized by the Library of Congress as a model for the Veterans History Project!  A huge thank you to Alaska’s veteran community for opening up, sharing their experiences and giving Alaskans a window into our wars that we cannot get through news articles or history books:
Congratulations to our graduate! Nic just received his B.S. in Finance from the University of Colorado Leeds School of Business. Woohoo!
My son is graduating college! I'm at Commencement this morning with around 5000 graduates. Julie Andrews is the keynote. Her message: kick butt. She was lovely in every way.
Finished productive roundtable at C-TEC in Licking County with business and education leaders to talk about training.
Visited the Boeing facility in Heath earlier today to see firsthand the importance of our defense industry and skilled manufacturing.
Headed into economic roundtable in Newark after visit to Boeing facility in Heath. Spent time at OSU's Glenn School this morning.
Although I am happy that it has finally admitted to placing politics over policy, the IRS owes conservative groups far more than a mere apology for their unfair treatment.
Last night, I appeared on CNN's OutFront with Erin Burnett to discuss Hillary Clinton's mishandling of security in Benghazi, Libya.   Click here to watch the interview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzDbyY_AVUw
Yesterday, I introduced the Emergency Transportation Safety Fund Act, which will not only save our infrastructure from collapsing, but also keep our budgets from expanding.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=796
Benghazi proves that Hillary Clinton should never hold high office again.  Click here to read the op-ed I wrote for the Washington Times: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=news&id=795
“This misconduct was most certainly agenda driven politics and bias gone unchecked, despite the IRS’s best attempts to claim otherwise. A mere apology will not be sufficient to ensure Kansans, and all Americans, will not be singled out and harassed by an agency of the federal government for their political beliefs. I call on Chairman Baucus and Ranking Member Hatch to hold a hearing of the Senate Finance Committee to give the American people a full accounting of efforts by the IRS to address this problem immediately and to determine if there are other problems at the agency. If something this unlawful was occurring, what else is going on?”
Gilda Lintz, who is my District Director for the Second District, is pictured receiving a plaque from Gen. Lee Tafanelli, Adjutant General of the Kansas National Guard in my behalf. Congratulations to the KANG for overhauling the 1,000th engine at their Fort Riley location. They have been innovative, efficient and have saved the taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars, while providing our warfighters with machines that perform above specifications. They are one of only two locations in the United States tasked with this important assignment. And they are the best. Job well done, Kansas Guardians.
Touching story and photo from Ft. Riley. The 1st Infantry had this to say about it: Command Sgt. Maj. Ian Field returned to Fort Riley on May 8 when Lt. Col. Peter Shull relinquished command of the 1st Battalion 28th Infantry Regiment "Black Lions" to Lt. Col. James Lunder.   The 9-year-old visited the battalion two years ago through Make-A-Wish America, spending several days with the “Black Lions.” He rejoined his unit for the change of command ceremony this week, saluting the troops as they marched by the reviewing stand during the pass in review.   Read more about Command Sgt. Maj. Field's first trip to Fort Riley: http://www.army.mil/article/55118/big-red-one-gives-soldier-20-year-career-in-2-days/
It was great to visit with a fellow Marine, Dylan Hunter about the Benghazi attacks and why we must learn more to ensure those who serve our nation in harm's way have faith that our government will be behind them. You can listen to the interview here: http://www.westernkansasnews.com/2013/05/senator-pat-roberts-calls-for-continued-investigations-into-benghazi/
ICYMI: Last night I gave Gerri Willis of Fox Business News an update on our bill to protect patients and improve oversight of compounded pharmaceuticals. Our bill should be ready for floor debate by the end of the month. Following the deaths of 55 people in the meningitis outbreak, we need to get this right.
Rubio: IRS Targeting Of Conservative Groups Is Reprehensible, Must Be Investigated: http://1.usa.gov/12mxcRT
NA
My statement on IRS targeting conservative groups. Unacceptable.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342711
Thank you to all our military spouses on Military Spouse Appreciation Day!
Read more about the administration's controversial nominee for Labor Secretary, Thomas Perez, here: http://www.rollcall.com/news/gop_effort_against_labor_nominee_gains_steam-224654-1.html?zkPrintable=true
Congrats to Beaufort County native Candice Glover on reaching the finals of American Idol!
Great to sit down with the editorial board of the Lebanon Daily News today. Thanks for having me.
Not only does Mount Carmel Area High School in Northumberland County have a great football tradition, they have a fantastic marching band. Here they are playing on the Upper Senate lawn in Washington. Thanks for coming to D.C.
The death of Ambassador Stevens and other Americans in Benghazi on September 11, 2012 is upsetting, and I remain troubled by the aftermath and the fact that the terrorists involved have not been identified or captured.  I have long supported a congressional investigation and want to get answers to important questions such as could the consulate have been better secured and did the administration mislead the public. The recent testimony of Mr. Hicks, as well as news reports that this administration may have stricken references to terrorism in CIA reports about the attack, further justify why I’ve demanded such an inquiry, including cosponsoring legislation that would require a thorough investigation.
The spire has been added to the World Trade Center Freedom Tower in NYC. At 1,776 feet high, it is now the tallest building in our hemisphere.
I'll be visiting Carlisle Barracks today, the home of the U.S. Army War College. Today is also Military Spouse Appreciation Day. Please take a moment to thank these spouses for the sacrifices they make for us and our country.
