POTUS could use this refresher course on the Constitution
In midst of shutdown, POTUS makes this bold move: "Obama open to name change for Washington Redskins"
Has President Obama poll-tested: "I won't negotiate"?
Another diff b/t govt and private sector: the former tries to maximize inconvenience and hardship to get its way
Difference between now and 2011: POTUS knows Rs got $2 trillion in spending cuts over 10 years with the Budget Control Act.
POTUS dealt in 2011 on debt limit
I am honored to deliver the Weekly GOP address
Check out Niall Ferguson in WSJ: The Shutdown Is a Sideshow. Debt Is the Threat
President Obama isn't a king; Art. 1, US Constitution makes Congress a co-equal branch.  His only response: "I won't negotiate"  What is that all about?
VIDEO: Honored to visit with TX World War II vets at their memorial today:
At 8 am CT tomorrow, I'll join State of the Union on CNN to discuss #HarryReidsShutdown and how we #MakeDCListen to stop the Obamacare train wreck.
 
 Hope you'll tune in and SHARE to spread the word!
My staff and I are here to help all affected by the tornado this evening in Wayne, Nebraska. I'm praying for those residents of Wayne impacted by the storm as they work to rebuild in days ahead.
I'm sorry to miss inauguration of PresRuud at my university U of Northern Iowa  bc of govt shutdown.
I'm sorry I couldn't get to Iowa this wkend like usual but govt shutdown solution was more important  The Senate was. In session today
Spent my morning with the heroes of Honor Flight Nevada here in Washington, D.C. #BattleBorn
I delivered this speech earlier this afternoon, because I wanted to draw attention to the important work being done by the House of Representatives.  Not only is the House of Representatives passing bills to fund areas of the government that the president asked us to fund, they are doing so with significant bipartisan support.  I think that we in the Senate owe it to the country to show that we can do the same thing:
Glad Sec. Hagel is using his authority as I suggested to get Department of Defense civilians back to work to support our men and women in uniform.
