I wrote an op-ed in today's St. Louis Post-Dispatch about Russia's outrageous adoption ban, which shamefully uses children as political pawns. There are more than 700,000 Russian children in orphanages today — many of whom are ill or have other special needs. This move demonstrates just how weak Putin’s regime is that it chooses to punish America by preventing loving families from helping Russia’s neediest children.
Today, U.S. Senator Richard Burr applauded the signing of two bills by the President, S. 3202, the Dignified Burial and other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012, and H.R. 4057, the Improving Transparency of Education Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2012.     S. 3202 included two provisions sponsored by Senator Burr.  The first will help ensure the long-term efficiency of the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims by requiring all judges to live within 50 miles of the Washington, DC, metropolitan area.     “As anyone who has managed a business or office can tell you, things tend to run more smoothly when those people integral to the day-to-day operations are present,” Senator Burr said.  “If Veterans Court judges have to travel across the country to get to their offices, it could make it difficult for them to fully engage in their case work, manage their staff, and carry out their judicial functions. Our nation’s veterans could suffer from these inefficiencies.  By requiring judges to live near the court’s office, we can help ensure that veterans receive the timely decisions from the Court that they deserve.”   Another provision that Senator Burr sponsored will help ensure that every veteran receives a dignified burial by authorizing VA to furnish a casket or urn to a deceased veteran when they are unable to identify the veteran’s next-of-kin and sufficient resources are not otherwise available.   “We owe a great deal to our nation’s veterans and servicemembers, and our duty to them does not end when they pass away,” said Senator Burr.  “We must ensure that their remains are treated with dignity and respect and they are buried in a manner that reflects the honor they deserve.”  “Additionally, I’m pleased to have worked with Chairman Patty Murray (D-WA), as well as our colleagues on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, on passage the Improving Transparency of Education Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2012.  This legislation, which will help provide increased information to veterans pursuing post-secondary education and better national outreach strategies for those populations, is the result of hard work during the legislative process, but also invaluable feedback from the higher education community that will play a critical role in the success of this legislation.”
NA
I'll join Jon Scott on FOX News at 12:10 pm (ET) 10:10 am (MT) to talk about Jack Lew's nomination to be Treasury Secretary.
INFOGRAPHIC from Taxpayer Advocate Service: Did you know individuals and businesses spend about 6.1 billion hours each year doing their taxes? The U.S. tax code is one of the most complex and anticompetitive codes at 4 million words long.
More Fast and Furious fallout: will WH convene a public conference on ATF's and DOJ's involvement with government sponsored gun walking?
Under Jack Lew’s leadership at the Office of Management and Budget, we saw trillion dollar deficits and no serious attempt to rein in spending.  As President Obama's Chief of Staff, we've seen on-going dilatory tactics as the nation stares down one fiscal crisis after another.  While Mr. Lew deserves a fair hearing, Texans deserve to hear the President’s plan for cutting spending and balancing our budget.
Cornyn OpEd on CNN: Why I Can't Support Chuck Hagel
The Obama Administration better tread lightly on the issue of using Executive Orders to implement gun control measures. Gun control by Executive Order could be a power grab that won’t go down well with Congress or the American people.
New farm-bill forces in play: Grassley
Grassley on the Treasury Secretary Nomination
Grassley hopeful new chair will force Senate budget passage
#UNIPanthers UNI loses To Evansville 62/59
#UNIPanthers Eville 32/25 ovr UN I half
#UNIPanthers Evansville 23/18 ovr uni aftr  13min
#UNIPanthers men BB UN I v Evansville starting soon
The nomination of Jack Lew as Secretary of Treasury signals that the president will continue to pursue the same failed policies of the previous four years: higher taxes, more spending, and more debt.  It virtually guarantees the president will not compromise on entitlement reform, and assures that the White House will fight to maintain the status quo of our deeply dysfunctional system.  At a moment when the president could have shown a willingness to work with Republicans to fix the challenges that face the country, he has instead moved in a disappointing direction.
There's yet another internet myth going around about members of Congress that needs to be debunked. This one suggests that the kids of members of Congress don't have to repay student loans. Wow! Couldn't be further from the truth. No member of Congress, nor any of their family gets a pass on student loan repayment or special consideration on any loan. There is a program that allows federal employees - including Congressional staffers - to participate in a student loan repayment program. There's a good explanation of how that program works on Snopes.  Another myth that is circulating is that members of Congress exempted themselves from the healthcare reform law. Again, not true. I have access to the same health care plan as any federal employee. There's no special plan for Senators. And I will be subject to the same requirements under the health care law that everybody else faces. There are no exemptions for members of Congress. A couple good sites to confirm this are Factcheck and Roll Call.  Please share this information with others to help set the record straight. While Congress hasn't done much lately to improve its image in the public’s eye, there's no need to make it worse by spreading information that is clearly false.
Having a great time catching up with Bob and Mark right now on KWHL-FM in Anchorage.  Listen in if you can.
I am in Fairbanks today and got a chance to catch up with UAF leadership about their research efforts on energy, unmanned aerial systems and climate science.  It's important Arctic research that I'm happy great minds in our state are working on
NA
NA
"We need a Secretary of Treasury that the American people, the Congress, and the world will know is up to the task of getting America on the path to prosperity not the path to decline. Jack Lew is not that man."
Great day in Spartanburg today, looking forward to Greenville in the morning!
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has responded to my concerns about backlogged veterans' disability claims. I will continue to monitor this issue closely. Pennsylvania's veterans deserve better.
Patrick and I take a closer look at one of the draft horses at the Pennsylvania Farm Show.
PA Agriculture Secretary Greig and U.S. Rep. Glenn Thompson and I with representatives from the Future Farmers of America.
A magnificent draft horse at the Pennsylvania Farm Show. My thanks to PA Secretary of Agriculture George Greig
 and Michael Firestine of the PA Livestock Association for accompanying me.
A terrific day at the 97th Pennsylvania Farm Show yesterday. Thanks to all who made it such a great afternoon for my son, Patrick, and me. Happy to get out and spend time with our farmers and hear their concerns.
Congratulations to Pearl River Community Colleges 'Spirit of the River' band for being selected to represent Mississippi in the Presidential Inaugural Parade!
