In a Senate Appropriations Committee meeting yesterday, Sen. Alexander voted to end Obamacare’s individual and employee mandates. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander that Obamacare is a “historic mistake.” http://1.usa.gov/13UlTVy
I'm proud that President Obama signed the bill I co-sponsored naming a new St. Louis bridge after Stan "The Man" Musial. He was a hero both on and off the field.
NA
We are continuing to work on a bipartisan solution to address the hike in student loan interest rates and I remain optimistic that we can resolve this problem. We cannot continue to kick the can down the road, which is what Majority Leader Harry Reid proposed, and the Senate rejected earlier this week. Americans currently trying to pay off student loans and those who will attend college in the future need a permanent solution. The commonsense proposal that we are working on would approach the issue with a market-based rate for all newly issued federal student loans based on the 10-year Treasury rate. These rates are locked in for the lifetime of the loan, but rates on new loans reset each year. The KUAR story linked in this post details this bipartisan solution that I am working to get through the Senate.
NA
I wrote in National Review Online today about how the Obamacare employer mandate delay makes it clear how bad the law is for those trying to make a living.
After several months, the Chairman of the Banking Committee Senator Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota) and I have reached a bipartisan agreement on comprehensive housing finance reform legislation that will ensure the solvency of the Federal Housing Administration (FHA).  We are in the final stages of finalizing the legislative language and will have more to report next week.
PHOTO: Great to speak at the ceremony to rename the federal courthouse in Midland after George H.W. and George W. Bush:
Cornyn, Cruz Vote Against Obama ATF Nominee; Cornyn Says Jones Would 'Infringe' on Texans' 2nd Amendment Rights:
My latest video on the failures of #Obamacare:
Does this give anyone 2nd thoughts about govt price fixing? DC lawmakers voted to raise the living wage to at least $12.50 for large retailers this week, causing Wal-Mart to pull plans on opening three new stores in the district.
DMN: Cornyn Urges EPA to Back Off Air Pollution Rule:
More of your taxpayer dollars being wasted on Obamacare indoctrination: http://herit.ag/15nBRUK
Happy Birthday to a brave young warrior for women's rights around the globe, Malala Yousafzai.
Without life, there is no liberty; without life, there is no pursuit of happiness.
 
 The Texas Senate is scheduled to vote on HB 2 today. SHARE if you Stand for life!
The Senate majority’s plan to change the filibuster in the Senate is a big deal. I don’t care if you are liberal or if you are conservative, if you have ever disagreed with popular opinion, speak against this change.
Last week, I joined a small group of my colleagues on an official fact-finding trip to the Middle East. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, this was an important opportunity to visit with our military leaders and allies in this unstable region. I had the privilege to meet with Nebraskans who are serving our country overseas and join them in celebration of Independence Day. Please take a moment to read about what I encountered and learned in my weekly column.
Scrutiny Needed of Smithfield Sale to Shuanghui
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have joined forces to ensure our government’s responsibility to our nation’s veterans is fulfilled.
 Learn more about the VA Backlog Working Group here: http://1.usa.gov/1aeGq7d
Congratulations to the seven musicians from #Illinois representing the #USA in Carnegie Hall's National Youth Orchestra #NYOUSA http://1.usa.gov/1dfySkg
I opened my tele-townhall from Wednesday night with a discussion on the need to defund Obamacare.  You can sign up to participate in future tele-townhalls by clicking this link: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Sen. McConnell attends Norton Healthcare & UK HealthCare Markey #Cancer Center event announcing NCI designation. #Kentucky pic.twitter.com/WEVGksWZ3P
Sen. McConnell's op-ed in today's CJ on #coal and #jobs: President Obama's plan is a war on coal, #Kentucky jobs http://cjky.it/1b6jMkq
I'm also joining Agri Talk's Mike Adams on his program this morning at 10:30 a.m. CT—Tune in or listen live via the link below.
Tune in to Kansas Ag Network now to hear me speak with Kelly Lenz on the Ag Issues Program.
Congratulations to the 28 graduates of the Rural Alaska Honors Institute (RAHI)! In just six weeks, these high school students raised their reading and math levels a full year and earned an average of 9 college credits.  Not to mention, they were willing to sacrifice some of this gorgeous Alaskan summer to take classes at UAF.  Great job guys!
Visited the Husky Lima Plant earlier today. Great to learn more about Husky's recent investments in Ohio.
Talking with Lima Mayor Berger about my legislation to demolish vacant, blighted structures that threaten our communities.
Meeting w Rep. Bob Latta & Findlay community leaders regarding our Blanchard River Flood Mitigation efforts.
Having a video conference via Skype with Larry Steckline and the folks at the Wellington Wheat Festival
http://www.alreporter.com/al-politics/political-news/state-news/4863-shelby-says-senate-should-not-fund-failures-of-obamacare.html
Sessions released the following statement today after DHS Secretary, Janet Napolitano, announced her resignation:  “Secretary Napolitano’s tenure at the Department of Homeland Security was defined by a consistent disrespect for the rule of law.    The resignation of Secretary Napolitano should refocus the attention of Congress on its first task: to ensure that the executive branch faithfully carries out the laws of the land. The most significant obstacle to immigration reform remains President Obama’s selective enforcement of the law. Any selection—interim or permanent—to replace Secretary Napolitano must disavow these aggressive non-enforcement directives or there is very little hope for successful immigration reform.  Whoever replaces Secretary Napolitano must restore the rule of law, as well as the morale of ICE officers which has plummeted under her tenure.”  See the attached link for more background:
#Obamacare: "The Affordable Care Act is a standing affront to the rule of law."  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/print/2013-07-08/six-inconvenient-truths-about-obamacare.html
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. My my weekly update is available here. Thanks and have a great weekend.
Happy birthday to Philadelphia native and Temple University grad Bill Cosby. Enjoy one of his most famous:
Happy birthday to  Andrew Wyeth, one of our commonwealth's greatest artists, whose paintings vividly portray the beautiful Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania landscape.
In Case You Missed It: Watch my interview with Fox Business' Neil Cavuto as I explain Senate Republican efforts to permanently delay and defund #Obamacare.
