NA
NA
Monday, State and Federal officials will come together for a fire season briefing and a discussion on wildfire funding reform in Boise.
NA
Economist magazine:  A mini Marshal Plan for Ukraine?
IRS scandal, day 311
REMINDER: Senator Corker will discuss the crisis in Ukraine this morning on Fox News Sunday. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Ice Slide fun!
Had an amazing time at the World Ice Championship at the Ice Park in Fairbanks yesterday.  The ice sculptures were beautiful and the ice slide was super fun!
Selection Sunday tonight - I predict a strong showing of 4 Ohio teams: your predictions?  #MarchMadness
With Josh Klofta of Logan County Ducks Unlimited after speaking at annual dinner on importance of land conservation.
Another great town hall in Lincoln County! People in Lincoln have Kansas common sense solutions, and are tired of the federal government interfering in their daily lives and pocket books.
Rural health care and critical access hospitals are essential to Kansas and our country. I truly  appreciate the tour of Mitchell County Hospital today with Kansas Senator Elaine Bowers and Kansas Rep Susan Concannon.  The hospital has an amazing staff, and they are doing incredible work.
Just wrapped up a fantastic town hall and lunch with the good folks in Beloit.
What a wonderful service at Mankato United Methodist Church. Thanks to Pastor Gerry Sharp for a great message and all the congregation's fellowship.
We had a great coffee and meet & greet in Mankato with Keith and Bethany Roe and many other good friends this morning before heading off to church.
Sen. Sessions spearheaded a bipartisan letter to the Commerce Department to help ensure Alabama catfish farmers were not improperly harmed by Vietnamese imports that skirt established trade rules:  “The catfish industry is vital to many rural communities throughout the southeastern United States. American workers are not asking for special favors, only a level playing field that allows them to compete in a global market.  A key decision was made in the Commerce Department’s 8th Administrative review last year, rightly implementing Indonesia as the surrogate country, instead of Bangladesh, to ensure a proper baseline for fair pricing on catfish imports. Since 2008, imports of frozen fish fillets from Vietnam have more than tripled and significant portions of U.S. production have been heavily damaged by Vietnamese product that was unfairly dumped on the U.S. market without the same quality standards our domestic producers are required to meet. Under trade law, when a foreign competitor doesn’t have a recognized pricing standard because they are a government run economy, a surrogate country is selected for establishing pricing values. Before Indonesia was established as a surrogate country, instead of Bangladesh, enormous economic harm was done to this American industry. The Commerce Department correctly concluded Bangladesh was not a proper surrogate. It is essential that Indonesia remain a pricing surrogate to ensure that U.S. industry recovers and grows. I am closely watching this next Administrative review, which is expected soon, and am urging the Commerce Department to uphold their prior findings and ensure that fair pricing rules are properly applied to Vietnamese catfish.”
While in Pittsburgh last week, I stopped by the Mayor's office and had the opportunity to meet with Mayor Bill Peduto.
