In Case You Missed It: During today’s Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on problems with the rollout of Obamacare, Sen. Alexander read from the White House website, which still makes the following promise as of today: “If you like your plan you can keep it and you don’t have to change a thing due to the health care law.”
Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” this post if you agree with Alexander that Obamacare is an “historic mistake.”
HEADS UP: Today the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee will hold a hearing with CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner on problems with what Senator Alexander has called the “disastrous” rollout of Obamacare.   Here’s the link to watch LIVE at 10 a.m. EST. http://tinyurl.com/lxg8xe9
NA
“I received a letter from my health care provider I have had for over 10 years saying as of January 2014 they will no longer be my health care provider.  I am now forced to find other insurance on the exchange.  I loved my old insurance and wonder why they cancelled me, but the machine message only says due to new health care regulations they are being forced to drop some of their older clients.” –Greg, Poplar Bluff, Missouri
President Obama promised the American people “if you like your health plan, you can keep it.” Yet millions of Americans are now receiving cancellation letters from their insurance companies thanks to ObamaCare. If you’re a Missourian who is dealing with dropped coverage, I hope you’ll share your story by following the link below.
Today, during the HELP committee hearing I questioned CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner. Concerns were raised about canceled policies, higher premiums, the broken website, and security issues.   Click below to watch.
Let #yourstory be heard – let us know how #Obamacare has affected you and your family: republican.senate.gov/YourStory
The President’s response to the mess he created is telling the millions of Americans who have received cancellation notices they can “just shop around” for new policies that often come with more expensive premiums and higher deductibles.  There’s a better way forward. Short of repealing and replacing this disaster of a program, we need to add flexibility to the standards for policies under Obamacare and give Americans the freedom to keep their plans if they so choose. We can easily accomplish that by passing a bill introduced by Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI), which has the support of a majority of Senate Republicans, including myself, and will give Americans who like their individual policies the ability to keep them.
Rather than apologizing to Americans for the harm done by the failed health care law, the President and Democrats have doubled down on the dishonesty. Last night with the President, MA Governor Deval Patrick shockingly called citizens who've lost health care coverage “free-riders.” It’s time for Obama officials and surrogates to stop blaming Americans who’ve been damaged and harmed by this failed healthcare law.
NA
A member of my staff will be in Bartholomew, Brown and Jackson counties this week.
Tomorrow, at a Senate Finance Committee hearing, I will have the opportunity to question Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius about the rollout of Obamacare.  What would you ask the secretary?
The Palouse Region, which encompasses parts of eastern Washington and northern Idaho, is one of the primary growing locations for pulse crops in the United States. In recent years, Idaho has been the fourth largest pulse crop producer by acreage, and accounts for approximately 11 percent of the total U.S. output.  Senator Maria Cantwell and I led a letter to the Farm Bill Conference Committee promoting a five-year pilot program that promotes the use of pulse crops — dry beans, dry peas, lentils and chickpeas — in the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s nutrition program.  Pulse crops have the potential to reduce obesity and diabetes, and improve heart health because they are high in dietary fiber and low in fat.
Cornyn: Texans Suffer from Obamacare Broken Promises:
Sen. Cornyn Marks Anniversary Of Fort Hood Terrorist Attack:
Senator Corker is a cosponsor of S. 1617, the If You Like Your Health Care Plan You Can Keep It Act. The bill, introduced by Senator Ron Johnson, R-Wis., and cosponsored by 37 Republican senators, would provide relief from Obamacare standards for current health care policies, giving Americans the freedom to keep their current health care plans if they so choose. How has Obamacare affected you, your family, or small business? We invite you to share your story here: http://www.republican.senate.gov/yourstory.
I am proud to stand with Senator John Cornyn remembering the American heroes killed and injured in Nidal Hasan's terrorist attack at Fort Hood on Nov. 5, 2009 and pushing for the Fort Hood Heroes Act to recognize their sacrifice and ensure victims and family members are provided the benefits they deserve.
I guess it didn't sound as appealing with the disclaimer... #MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
Obamacare should be repealed entirely -- AGREE or DISAGREE?  COMMENT with what you think!
Enjoyed welcoming St. John's School's seventh grade class to our nation's capital today. Hope y'all enjoy your visit!
This morning Debbie Wasserman Schultz said, "There was nothing about what President Obama or that I or any other Democrat supporting the Affordable Care Act said that was not true."  They did say this, right?
The Supreme Court will hear oral argument today in a case that will determine if the federal government, through treaty power, can trump our system of federalism and separation of powers.   The answer to that question should be an emphatic NO. Read more:
It's Election Day in Texas. Have you voted? If not, find your polling place and vote! http://bit.ly/GpctO
 
 Already cast your ballot? SHARE to remind your friends!
At 7:30 p.m. Wyoming time, I plan to join Megyn Kelly on Fox News to talk about Obamacare and President Obama’s broken promise that you could keep your health insurance plan if you liked it.
Senators in the majority stopped us in 2010 from making sure the Administration would not take away the health care plans you wanted to keep. They can change their minds now and support Senator Ron Johnson’s bill, S. 1617 or other solutions that would help them make some amends for a promise that went too far.
NA
Did the Americans in Benghazi believe their government was going to come to help them when they were under attack?    And when they found out their government was not coming to their aid, how did they feel?  We need to hear from the survivors of Benghazi.
Here is what Obama meant to say"u can keep your plan only if I approve of your plan"  my guess is several other tweets hv said same
ABC is now doing B roll and the network folks want me at my desk tweeting
I'm being intrvus by ABC
This afternoon I welcomed Mr. Darren Smith, Environmental Manager at Oklahoma City's Devon Energy Corporation, at an Environment and Public Works Oversight Subcommittee hearing on escaped methane gas from oil and gas operations. It is always nice to be able to be able to bring witnesses before the committee that represent Oklahoman's common-sense when it comes to energy production and the federal government's over-regulation of the industry. Please take a moment to read my opening statement from the hearing: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-opening-statement-at-epw-subcommittee-on-oversight-hearing-entitled-fugitive-methane-emissions-from-oil-and-gas-operations
Maintaining and modernizing Oklahoma’s water infrastructure is essential for supporting and expanding our state's booming industries. I am proud once again to be a conferee on the Water Recourses Development Act and address the needs of Oklahoma’s ports and waterways that will help move our economy forward.    http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-named-to-wrda-conference
How has Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business? Share your story here:
Our soldiers are victors, not victims. The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities ensures they are treated with the same dignity and access abroad as they are at home. 
 
 READ MORE: http://1.usa.gov/HIcHtO
Taxpayers deserve to know details of where their money is going in light of the Obamacare website disaster.
 
 READ MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1cCyvFG
The Chicago Blackhawks Stanley Cup victory made Chicago proud. Honored to host the Cup at the Capitol with Senator Dick Durbin. http://1.usa.gov/1dJ2QQg
I have received some great feedback for the Working Families Flexibility Act.  I hope you will join the discussion if you haven't already: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/11/feedback-for-the-working-families-flexibility-act
As we watch the #Obamacare train wreck unfold, it is worth remembering that the Gang of 8 immigration bill is the #immigration version of Obamacare.  We can fix the problems in our immigration system through a step-by-step process.  Many Americans oppose the Gang of 8 immigration reform bill, but many Americans also want to see common sense reform measures that enjoy wide bipartisan support passed.  I would greatly appreciate any feedback you could provide on the subject of immigration reform, and what you would like to see happen as Congress continues to debate this issue:
‘Protecting the rights of workers. Creating jobs. Growing the economy. And keeping pace with the modern world. That’s what Right to Work is all about. It’s just common sense.’
As we remember victims of the tragic Fort Hood shooting which took place four years ago today, we also recognize that victims and their families have not received the honor and respect they deserve. In September, I joined Sen. John Cornyn to introduce legislation – the Honoring the Fort Hood Heroes Act –  to correct this injustice and provide proper recognition and benefits to the Fort Hood shooting victims. The legislation would make certain they receive the same benefits as their deployed counterparts who are wounded or killed either through enemy action abroad or a terrorist attack.
At least 29 times, President Obama promised Americans that if you like the insurance you have, you could keep it under Obamacare. Despite the President’s repeated promises, the fact is that thousands of individuals and families across Kansas are among the millions of Americans who have had their health plans cancelled because they do not meet the law’s requirements. Americans should be in control of their own health care and should be free to choose the plans they want. I've joined Senator Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) in introducing S. 1617, the If You Like Your Health Plan You Can Keep It Act. Our legislation would force the President and congressional Democrats to live up to the promise they made to Americans, even if they do not want to honor it.
Congrats McConnell Air Force Base, the 22nd and 931st Operations Support Squadrons, who were recently awarded the Air Force Association 2013 Verne Orr Award. The award recognizes the total force integration of the Active and Reserve at McConnell, which is a distinguishing reason why the Air Force selected the base as the Preferred Alternative for the Main Operation Base of KC-46A tankers.  I encourage you to attend the public hearing hosted by the United States Air Force on November 12 to share your support for Team McConnell as the home of the KC-46A.
My heartfelt congratulations to all the winners of the GreenGov Presidential Awards, especially NOAA’s Ted Stevens Research Institute in Juneau.  They’re using seawater to not only heat the building but also support their lab research.  I was just at the impressive facility a few weeks ago and saw first hand how it’s good for the budget, good for the environment, and has helped them reach zero carbon admissions.  Way to go!
I’m getting questions from across Alaska about the new health care law; people concerned with higher prices, less accessibility and glitches in the system – even from those who are working to make it function. This morning, I questioned the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services about the problems we're seeing in our state with the health care exchange and some of the silly DC-centric things they're trying.  It was a tense few minutes, and I have got to tell you: I did not come away with much confidence in the system.
Saddened by reports that Pastor Saeed has been moved to a more dangerous prison. Sign the petition for his release:
We can #expandopportunity and narrow the skills gap through job training reform. Keep up the great work Opportunity Nation.
Sen. McConnell and I introduced Right to Work Amendment. Protecting the rights of workers and growing the economy is common sense.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1023
I just got off the air with Gretchen Carlson of Fox News. We talked about my questions on patient privacy and security for CMS Administrator Tavenner, my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign and the President's bait and switch deception on "If you like your plan you can keep it." Click below to watch the segment.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFUs_I7bCnc&feature=youtu.be
It was great to see Ann Charles, community leader in Parsons, and Daniel Mann the CEO of Great Plains Development Authority today. After years of hard work we have finally seen the Kansas Army Ammunitions plant transform into the Great Plains Industrial Park. They are open for business, and it is great to hear about the exciting things happening in Parsons. 
 
 To learn more about this story click the video below. 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biyzm853g00
Secretary Sebelius is testifying in front of the Finance Committee tomorrow.  I will have the opportunity to ask her questions. If given the same chance, what would you ask her?
Senator Rubio is hosting a Constituent Coffee at his DC office Nov. 14. Sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/Hdqety
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Legislative Prayer Is A Constitutional Expression Of Religious Freedom: http://1.usa.gov/19yKQqQ
Stories like this are why Sen. Shelby so strongly opposed Obamacare from the start, and will continue to fight against it at every turn.
NA
Share if you agree that Healthcare.gov's lack of effective security is totally unacceptable.
With all the Obamacare concerns Americans are already experiencing, the last thing we should need to worry about is the security of our private information.    The Obamacare rollout has been a train wreck--cancelled plans and skyrocketing premiums are causing harm to people throughout the country, and now we are left wondering who else is accessing our personal information.  Watch my questioning of CMS Commissioner of Marilyn Tavenner here:  http://youtu.be/vQc5L622gXE
In Senate Health Committee hearing now on Obamacare and HealthCare.Gov. Will be asking some important questions on privacy issues and the website.                                                                     You can watch here: http://www.help.senate.gov//hearings/hearing/?id=62e55440-5056-a032-52e7-0b255f8da711
Yesterday, I met with Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Chairman Ron Alvarado to discuss economic opportunities for the Hispanic population in southwestern Pennsylvania.
 
  From his impressive private sector background and experience, Ron has great insights on how we can move our economy forward for everyone in southwest Pennsylvania. Thanks for taking the time.
My thanks to Abba, the Therapy Dog and to the staff at  Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center and Rehabilitation Hospital for showing my press secretary, Steve Kelly, around your great facility.
Welcoming Mississippi's WWII veterans to Washington, D.C. #HonorFlight
