On Saturday, Sen. Alexander voted in favor of legislation to fund the federal government that keeps spending in check while supporting projects that are critical to Tennessee and our nation’s economic competitiveness and national security, including having the world’s fastest supercomputer at Oak Ridge and the Uranium Processing Facility at Y-12.  Alexander said, “Fiscal responsibility is about setting priorities, and I voted for this legislation because it helps keep spending in check while supporting projects that are crucial to Tennessee, as well as our country’s economic competitiveness and national security. Once again having the world’s fastest supercomputer in the United States – and once again having it in Oak Ridge – will help us remain a center for advanced manufacturing and scientific breakthroughs. Providing both funding and oversight of the Uranium Processing Facility supports jobs and national security, and continues our mission of completing this project on time and on budget.  “Unfortunately, President Obama and the Democratic Senate majority have not worked with Republicans to address the real driver of the federal government’s nearly $18 trillion debt: out-of-control entitlement spending. I hope that changes with a new Republican Senate majority. We need to pass a plan like the Fiscal Sustainability Act I proposed with Senator Corker, which would reduce the growth of entitlement spending by nearly $1 trillion over 10 years.”  Read more HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=6e12f825-4bda-42d7-ba82-eb0009ae00d8
Senator Ayotte has announced the names of more than 35 New Hampshire students she has nominated to attend one of the nation's service academies in 2015.  "It's an honor to nominate these outstanding New Hampshire students to be considered for admission to our nation's military service academies," said Senator Ayotte. "These young men and women have excelled inside and outside the classroom while making valuable contributions to their local communities. They represent the very best of New Hampshire and I wish them well as they embark on their career of service to our country."  Read the full list of New Hampshire students who received Senator Ayotte's nomination here: http://goo.gl/1GRBVx
The Gateway Arch in St. Louis attracts thousands of visitors from around the world and helps support businesses and jobs in and around the St. Louis area. Several important provisions that I helped secure were included in the final bipartisan omnibus bill that passed this weekend, allowing us to continue to support the St. Louis Gateway Arch and benefit the economic health of the region.
Agriculture supports more than 16 million jobs across America and is the number one industry in Missouri – directly responsible for roughly 16% of our state’s workforce. I am pleased that several key agriculture priorities that I championed were included in the bipartisan omnibus that passed the Senate this weekend. Programs in this bill touch the lives of every American, every day, and I’m pleased we were able to provide certainty for our nation’s farmers and ranchers so they can continue working to feed the country and the world.
I’m honored to rejoin the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in the 114th Congress at a time when the nation continues to face real threats from enemies who wish us harm. I look forward to building on my experience working on these issues in the House and Senate, and I plan to stay fully engaged in the discussion surrounding the relocation of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and working to ensure that facility stays in Missouri.
Tonight the Senate is voting on the nomination of Dr. Vivek Murthy to serve as U.S. Surgeon General. It is baffling to me that the Obama Administration would put forward a candidate so wholly unqualified to serve as the nation’s top doctor. Given the wide range of pressing health issues facing our country, the next surgeon general should have substantial experience in the medical field, which Dr. Murthy simply does not have. His history of controversial political activism in support of Obamacare and gun control is troubling. Partisanship and a liberal political agenda is not the prescription for the nation's leading spokesman on matters of public health. I oppose this nomination.
Many Hoosiers have written me with concerns that the omnibus spending bill passed by Congress funds President Obama’s executive amnesty plan. This bill does not fund Obama’s amnesty because funds appropriated by Congress aren’t being used to implement any of what the Obama Administration plans to do. Instead, the administration is going to pay for its plan by using visa fees, which are collected by the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, a branch of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). This means that once the Obama Administration starts granting amnesty, it will be paid for by fees collected from those trying to legally immigrate to the United States, not funds appropriated by Congress.    What Congress can do to stop President Obama’s amnesty plan is pass a bill prohibiting the use of visa fees to implement the executive action or attach this language as a rider on an appropriations bill. Republicans wanted to attach such a rider to the spending bill Congress just approved, but given that Democrats still control the Senate, it had no chance of passing. This is why Republicans fought to only fund DHS through February 27, 2015. By funding DHS only through February, a Republican House and Senate can attach a rider blocking Obama’s amnesty plan to the next DHS appropriations bill.
ICYMI: I hosted a statewide tele-townhall last week.  Thank you to the over 7,000 Idahoans who took time to share their views and participate in the call.  Regular tele-townhalls are one of the ways I am able to connect with Idahoans across the state while working on your behalf in Washington, D.C.  The input I receive from these conversations helps me better advocate for Idaho interests in Congress, and I encourage all Idahoans to stay engaged and urge others to get involved and let their Senators and Representatives know how they feel about the issues of the day.    A number of topics from health care to our nation’s broken tax code were discussed during the hour-long call.   To sign up to participate in the next call and to listen to the full audio of the tele-townhall, click here:http://goo.gl/6BQYZK #idpol
Senator Corker today released the following statement on Governor Bill Haslam’s announcement of “Insure Tennessee,” which the governor calls “an alternative approach” to the expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare. The plan, according to the governor, is “a two-year pilot program to provide health care coverage to Tennesseans who currently don’t have access to health insurance or have limited options."  “I have had several conversations with Governor Haslam and appreciate the work he and his team have done to study this issue closely and negotiate a tailored solution that works for Tennessee,” said Corker. “I'm glad the administration has finally allowed appropriate flexibility, and I'm pleased our state was able to adopt a solution that will build off of the innovative ways we deliver quality health care.”  For more information on “Insure Tennessee,” click here: http://1.usa.gov/1Admy0R.
Enough is enough. We must honor the victims of the Fort Hood terrorist attack with the Purple Hearts they deserve. All we need is a Presidential signature.
There should be consequences for Iran’s unprecedented and brutal abuse of American journalist Jason Rezaian.
I was proud of every day of the 23 years I served in the Navy Reserve. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1270
When we are being asked to fund a $4 trillion government it's not too much to ask senators to work through the weekend rather than recessing 72 hours before getting back to their job. As an outgoing senate majority leader, it would have been political malpractice for Senator Reid to adjourn without getting the president's nominees confirmed. Not one person will be confirmed who would not have been otherwise confirmed simply because the Senate spent a few extra days debating a 1,600 page $1.1 trillion dollar spending bill:
I had a chance to discuss yesterday's vote on the #CRomnibus with Shannon Bream earlier today. I think the American people deserved to have us take a vote to signal how we feel about the president's executive amnesty. I hope there will be other votes moving forward in which we will have the opportunity to exercise the power of the legislative branch to signal our disapproval of what the president did.
For a good laugh, watch The Daily Show's take on my Senate floor speech last week: http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/jon-stewart-mccain-torture-report
McConnell on Surgeon General Confirmation   ‘With America facing the challenge of Ebola and other serious health challenges, it’s unfortunate that the President chose a nominee based on the candidate’s political support instead of a long career delivering patient care and managing difficult health crises.’  WASHINGTON, DC – Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell issued the following statement today after the Senate voted to confirm Dr. Vivek Murthy as Surgeon General of the United States:  “The Surgeon General is known as America’s doctor and the men and women chosen to fill that role in the past have usually been highly qualified individuals with substantial experience in patient care. Unfortunately, Dr. Murthy’s nomination had more to do with politics – he was a founder in 2008 of a group called Doctors for Obama, and has been an outspoken political advocate of Obamacare and gun control – than his medical experience. With America facing the challenge of Ebola and other serious health challenges, it’s unfortunate that the President chose a nominee based on the candidate’s political support instead of a long career delivering patient care and managing difficult health crises.”  ###
NA
The following article appeared in the Sunday print edition of the Washington Post: Mitch McConnell had the Best Year in Washington. wapo.st/1vJu533 pic.twitter.com/y6dsaKrYfY #Kentucky
Thanks to all the Kansans who reached out in regard to my votes over the weekend. I voted in favor of the constitutional point of order to immediately end President Obama's executive action on immigration. Additionally, I voted against the $1.1 trillion spending bill.
The President has until Wednesday evening to sign the 2015 government spending bill that passed both the House and Senate. It’s not the bill that I would have drafted, but it reflects bipartisan, bicameral efforts and avoids another harmful government shutdown. It also has many benefits for Alaska in terms of public safety, Alaska Native health, jobs, military projects and construction, rural infrastructure, protections for our world class fisheries, and pushing back federal overreach.
Congrats to Ketchikan as they laid the keels for the two new Alaska Marine Highway ferries over the weekend! These ferries will be the first of the Alaska Marine Highway System fleet to be built in Ketchikan - and fueling the economic engine in Southeast!
I am deeply saddened at the passing of Marshall County Judge-Executive Mike Miller. Mike was a dedicated public servant who spent 40 years of his life serving the community he loved as county judge-executive. Mike and I worked well together over the past few years, despite being from different political parties. Kelley and I offer our condolences and prayers to Chyrill and the Miller family.
It has become a Paul Family tradition for all of us to go to Paxx Burk in Bowling Green, #KY to pick out our Christmas Tree. Wishing you and your families a very Merry Christmas! From, The Paul Family
Last week we had a tremendous turnout in Leavenworth for the Town Hall listening session allowing concerned individuals to voice their views to the Army on a potential 2500 personnel reduction and the impact to the communities surrounding the fort. The Community was well organized and made polished presentations making a very positive impression on the Army. Hats off to the Leavenworth 27 Committee who oversaw the total presentation.
Excited to join the Senate Finance and Banking committees for the next Congress, as well as continue my work on the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/sen-scott-joins-powerful-finance-committee-banking-committee
NA
The Senate has passed my bill to create a nationwide electronic duck stamp. Utilizing technology makes attaining a duck stamp more efficient and cost-effective for everyone. In addition to the convenience it provides to sportsmen, this proposal is important to conservation efforts, helping preserve both our country’s natural beauty and outdoors traditions.
An excerpt from this week's Wicker Report: "The Obama Administration should recognize that true success in Afghanistan will not be measured by the speed with which U.S. troops depart. This year’s democratic election of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and peaceful transition of power were significant steps toward a stable future. Likewise, civic participation is on the rise, as well as life expectancy and education, especially for women.  These gains were fought for by brave Americans, and it is imperative to protect them."
