Sen. Alexander had the following to say about the announcement this morning by the EPA of a proposed rule to enforce strict pollution standards on new coal plants, forcing them to capture and store at least 40 percent of their carbon emissions: “The Obama Administration must think our country, which uses 20 to 25 percent of all the electricity in the world, can operate on windmills. For most power plants there is no proven, commercially viable way to capture and store or reuse carbon emissions. This regulation, therefore, will drive up prices and drive down job growth.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that this proposed regulation “is one more big, wet blanket on the American economy.” http://1.usa.gov/1aReWFz
Yesterday Sen. Alexander met with the 2013 Tennessee Principal of the Year, Dr. Andrea Anthony, from Fred J. Page High School in Franklin, Tenn. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” to congratulate Andrea on her award!
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we remember and honor America's POW/MIA heroes and renew our promise to bring them home.
President Obama visited the Ford plant in Claycomo today and continued his latest “pivot” to jobs and the economy. I advocated for the expansion of the Claycomo Ford plant, and I'm glad to see these jobs come to Missouri. However, our country needs more than campaign-style speeches and “pivots” from the president if we're going to jump-start private sector job creation. Five years in office, and four years after the recession ended, most American families and businesses are still struggling thanks to this administration's failed economic policies. We need to work together to pass common-sense solutions that encourage job growth – starting with the permanent delay of ObamaCare and more American energy.
Today is National POW/MIA Recognition Day. Please take a moment to honor and remember our missing patriots. It is our duty as a nation to continue the work to return them safely to our shores or get a full accounting for their loved ones.
It's great to start the day in Arkansas. We're in Little Rock this morning for the :59 Minute Event with Little Rock Chamber.
In Wyoming, we know how valuable coal is to our communities and recognize that it’s our most affordable, reliable and secure source of energy. The EPA’s new red tape will shut down coal plants and devastate communities across the country. Sacrificing more and more coal jobs as an offering to environmental extremists, for what they admit will have no impact on the climate, is politics at its worst. It’s time for the President to stop focusing on bankrupting Wyoming and America’s coal industry.
NA
Enjoyed visiting with the Idaho Credit Union League earlier this week and talking about my role as #RankingOnBanking. #idpol
News Release: I joined Senator Risch in supporting the Helium Stewardship Act.  The bill, which passed the full Senate on a 97-2 vote, will now go to the U.S. House of Representatives for consideration.  Passage of this legislation will be a victory for the entire state of Idaho.  Idaho’s rural communities, with limited revenue due to the large amount of neighboring federal land, will be able to continue providing for schools, road maintenance, law enforcement, emergency response and other various needs.  This fix does not change the need for a long-term solution that provides a consistent mechanism for the federal government to meet its obligation to rural communities accommodating federal lands and I will continue to work with my colleagues to achieve this objective.
In case you missed it, watch 'Gone to Texas' & see what I did last month:
“As the son of a World War II pilot who spent time as a Prisoner of War, I am especially grateful for the sacrifices made.  My prayers continue to be with the families of those who are missing, and I pray for them and their loved ones."
In Austin with local crime victims' advocates announcing the Stop the Sale of Murderabilia Act to prevent murderers and prisoners from profiting off their notoriety through the sale of items such as letters and artwork.
"As we honor and remember those Americans who have spent time as Prisoners of War and those who remain Missing in Action, I extend my deepest gratitude for our military personnel and veterans."
Cornyn Statement on POW/MIA Recognition Day:
Krauthammer is right
Today, the House of Representatives did what Washington pundits only a few weeks ago said was impossible: a strong bipartisan majority voted to defund Obamacare. This is a victory for House conservatives, and it is a victory for Speaker Boehner and Republican leadership.  The American people overwhelmingly oppose Obamacare — a program which is killing jobs, dragging down the economy, and harming the most vulnerable among us. They deserve a fight — and House Republicans are leading that charge.  But the House was just step one. Step two is the Senate, where all accounts suggest Harry Reid plans to use procedural gimmicks to try to add funding back in for Obamacare.  If Reid pursues this plan — if he insists on using a 50-vote threshold to fund Obamacare with a partisan vote of only Democrats — then I hope that every Senate Republican will stand together and oppose cloture on the bill in order to keep the House bill intact and not let Harry Reid add Obamacare funding back in.  Now is a time for party unity; Senate Republicans should stand side-by-side with courageous House Republicans.  The fight to save America from Obamacare is just beginning — it may well go back and forth from the House and Senate several times — and a united Republican front means that Harry Reid and the President cannot ignore the American people.
President Obama has granted waivers for giant corporations and members of Congress. Why is he threatening to shut down the federal government in order to deny those very same waivers to hard-working American families? #DefundObamacare
The EPA proposed a new rule today that essentially bans construction of new coal-fired power plants. Senator Barrasso and I have offered legislation that would stop this job-killing rule. Congress should be setting energy policy for the country, not the Administration through back door, unaccountable executive actions.
President Obama’s new energy regulations will jeopardize Nebraskans’ access to affordable, reliable electricity. The president should instead focus his efforts on an “all of the above” energy strategy to lower, not raise, consumer prices.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau Nevada’s poverty rate has increased from 11.6 to 16.4 percent since 2008. #ItsNotWorking
Of course Al Gore would praise today's EPA announcement of unprecedented new regulations on power plants. He's on the path to becoming the first climate billionaire! Gore and the Obama Administration say these regulations are about climate change, but a new scientific report shows the warming on the Earth's surface has slowed in the past 15 years while the world's CO2 emissions have increased. Gore proclaims we must question the extreme weather in recent years! But Obama's own appointee said in June, "It's not extreme weather. It's just weather." Single actions like this one from the EPA today will not produce any visible changes; instead, the EPA's greenhouse gas regime will result in $300-400 billion in annual lost economic activity.  http://blog.algore.com/2013/09/todays_epa_announcement.html
The Back of the Yard families whose lives were torn apart by last night's senseless shootings are in my prayers. The law-abiding citizens of these neighborhoods continue to suffer at the hands of dangerous drug gangs. Several weeks ago I spoke face-to-face with Englewood families. They told about the grief they experience — their everyday suffering at the hands of these drug fueled gangsters. Gangs are fueled by the money and power gained by engaging in criminal activity. Homicide, shootings, weapons offenses, human trafficking, drug trafficking and rape are just a few of the crimes associated with gangs. This tragedy is yet another reminder that we must work together to eradicate these gangs that are a cancer on our communities.  Full statement: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=867
Senator Dick Durbin & I welcome a $10 Million grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation ensuring Chicago O'Hare International Airport can handle air traffic of the future. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=866
Manish Shah will help strengthen our courts, fight corruption & dangerous drug gangs.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=865
I was honored to participate in the ceremony at Hill AFB today to celebrate the delivery of their first F-35.
The House of Representatives listened to the American people and just passed a CR that will fund the government but #DefundObamacare.  Be sure to take time to thank your Representative today if they voted to defund.  It is now time for the American people and the Republicans in the Senate to unite and do everything they can to prevent this train wreck.
I will be holding a public speaking event at Weber State University this afternoon.  All are invited to attend.  Here are the details:  Weber State University Wild Cat Theater  Shepherd Student Union Building  September 20, 2013 1:00 – 3:00 pm (MST)
Republicans in the House and Senate are uniting in the effort to #DefundObamacare.  Please like and share this if you appreciate the efforts of Representative Matt Salmon and others to use the power of the purse to prevent the unaffordable and unfair Obamacare train wreck.
The families of those lost in the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi one year ago continue to search for answers, and they are not receiving the response they deserve from the State Department or the Administration. It is clear we must redouble our efforts to uncover the truth. I believe Congress should establish a joint select committee to investigate and report on the attack in Benghazi, and have cosponsored the new Senate resolution calling for this committee to be established as soon as possible. It is my hope that a joint select committee can make certain those involved are held accountable, and help bring closure to the families of the four Americans killed that tragic day.
Visited Plastic Technologies Inc. outside Toledo to talk about manufacturing, entrepreneurship & worker retraining.
On this National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we renew our commitment that "you are not forgotten."
Cleveland Clinic cutting budget due to increased costs under Obamacare train wreck.
Wednesday evening, I spoke at a foreign affairs debate hosted by the National Review Online. The debate focused on America's role in the world and I specifically addressed my opposition to U.S. intervention in Syria.  Click here to hear my speech: http://fora.tv/2013/09/18/Freedom_Security_and_Americas_Role_in_the_World
Last night, I appeared on Fox's Hannity Show and explained that the Obama Administration's unwillingness to compromise is the real cause for this government shut-down rhetoric.   Watch the interview here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XA5TbbsJaE
Mandatory-minimum sentencing has done little to address the very real problem of drug abuse, while also doing great damage by destroying so many lives. Each case should be judged on its own merits, yet mandatory minimums prevent this from happening. The Justice Safety Valve Act will be an important step in improving justice in our nation’s courtrooms.  Read my entire Washington Times op-ed here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/sep/20/paul-the-devastating-effect-of-a-drug-war-weapon/?page=1
The latest Roberts Report is up! Click below to read the updates on defunding Obamacare, the efforts to investigate Benghazi, the latest in the Syria situation, the newly proposed EPA regulations on coal and much more.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=162af9ce-d727-42e6-9e5c-dff73f80fa69&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
I applaud Lynn Jenkins, Congressman Tim Huelskamp (KS-1), Congressman Kevin Yoder and Congressman Mike Pompeo for voting to restore integrity to the food stamp program (SNAP) and to save the taxpayer $40 billion. As a member of the conference committee, I will fight to keep these reforms and savings. http://cjonline.com/news/2013-09-19/huelskamp-lauds-work-eat-provisions-food-stamp-bill
Rubio: Democrats Ignoring ObamaCare’s Damage To Real People: http://1.usa.gov/1bwo84T
Rubio Honors National POW/MIA Recognition Day Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement honoring National POW/MIA Recognition Day:  “Today we dedicate ourselves to honoring the brave men and women of the United States Armed Forces who were, and currently are, prisoners of war and missing in action. I pray for the hasty return of those who are still missing and I pray that their families find comfort in the love and support of the American people, who are eternally grateful for the service that our military men, women and their families offer to this great nation. We are all humbled by both the selfless service and sacrifices of our military families.  “We also remember those prisoners of war and missing in action soldiers which we have lost and pray that their families can find solace in knowing their loved ones fought with dignity and honor for our freedom. And to those men and women who were once in harm’s way but have since been returned safely home, I give my deepest thanks for your committed service and
Rubio Hails House Passage Of Bill To Defund ObamaCare, Keep Government Open: http://1.usa.gov/18bIxqR   “The American people have made clear they want Washington to keep the government open but also need protection from ObamaCare’s harmful effects. Today’s announcement would accomplish what the American people have been asking of Congress.   “A solution is within sight in order to avert another crisis of Washington’s creation. President Obama and his allies in Congress should abandon their threats of shutting down the government and instead work with Republicans to pass this proposal that would keep government open while preventing taxpayer dollars from being used to inflict ObamaCare’s damage on people’s jobs, incomes, current health plans and doctor relationships.”
Sessions: “This is a fight the American people are demanding.”
Today, we remember with gratitude those in our armed forces who have been prisoners of war or are still missing in action.   Your strength, determination, and patriotism is simply amazing.
 
 Lt. Bill Funchess, below, was held as a POW for over a thousand days while he served during the Korean War.
Enjoyed speaking at the South Carolina Association of Christian School Teachers’ Convention in Spartanburg this morning!
NA
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly newsletter update on #Obamacare, the #RFS, and more. If you'd prefer inbox delivery, you can sign up here: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletter
My statement on the House CR: While it's not perfect, I support the House continuing resolution and look forward to the Senate debating this important legislation next week. I also hope the Senate will have an open debate that allows both sides to offer possible improvements – for instance, reducing spending levels so they are consistent with the bipartisan Budget Control Act’s limits.   I am pleased that the House measure defunds ObamaCare, includes my Full Faith and Credit Act to take the default option off the table if the debt ceiling is not raised, and avoids a government shutdown on Oct. 1.
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, the "Missing Man Table" is set for four... #NeverForget
Heroes gather in Gettysburg #MOH:
I will vote for the bipartisan House bill to fund the government and defund #Obamacare.
