Today, I spoke with Attorney General Eric Holder about the continued investigation in Ferguson, and I continue to monitor what I believe is close coordination between county and federal authorities. It's important to remember that this tragedy began when a young man lost his life, and I support local and federal officials in their efforts to conduct open, transparent, and parallel investigations into what happened here. Michael Brown's memory, his family, and his community are not well-served by more violence.
Arkansas is proud of the Barr family. Congratulations on being named the Air National Guard Family of the Year.
I sat down with the Clearwater County Commissioners for a productive discussion on forest management and county payment issues this afternoon. #idpol
Enjoyed speaking this morning with the men and women who work at Samsung's Round Rock, TX campus about the dynamic impact of the high-tech industry on Texas' economy. Samsung is a leading job creator in TX, employing thousands across the state.
Women-owned businesses in TX have grown by nearly 100 percent in the past two decades, according to a recent study by American Express. Yet another chapter in the TX success story. Was pleased to join my friend TX Comptroller Susan Combs and the Greater Austin Chamber to hear from several of the women behind those impressive stats today in Austin, including Chez Zee American Bistro, Sugar Mama's Bakeshop, Austin Woman Magazine, Charlie Bravo Aviation and Triton Ventures.
It has been two years since journalist, Marine and fellow Texan Austin Tice was kidnapped in Syria.  Please read his parents’ heartfelt plea for his return:
The solutions to our border crisis are really quite simple: Secure the border, #StopObamasAmnesty, and implement a system that celebrates legal immigration!
Together, we should all mourn the loss of life in Ferguson, Missouri and work to keep our communities safe and free. Police officers risk their lives every day to keep us safe, and any time a young man loses his life in a confrontation with law enforcement, it is tragic.  All of our prayers are with the citizens of Ferguson, that the violence will subside and peace will be restored. Reporters should never be detained --  a free press is too important -- simply for doing their jobs. Civil liberties must be protected, but violence is not the answer. Once the unrest is brought to an end, we should examine carefully what happened to ensure that justice is served.
Yesterday I had another great day traveling the state. I'm thankful I had the opportunity to meet with veterans in Alliance and hear their concerns. In Rushville, I spoke with residents at Parkview Lodge Assisted Living and met with constituents at the Rushville American Legion. I was also fortunate to meet with constituents in Gordon at The Coffee Nook on Main Street and stop by KCSR radio in Chadron to discuss what I have been hearing from Nebraskans this month.  To see where my next stops in Nebraska are, please visit my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=535034f0-ace4-4d1c-96e3-59f7e0d92b51
Humboldt town hall w 51 people Topics-immig, voter ID, Obamacare, foreign aid, Israel, Sec179 expensing, Iraq, IRS, min wage, EPA regs
I am proud to congratulate Jenks Middle School Principal Rob Miller for being selected as one of six finalists for National Principal of the Year, and Rodney Maynard, principal of Davis High School, for being honored as Oklahoma’s principal of the year. I look forward to meeting both administrators during their visit next month to Washington D.C. to be honored for their dedication to the education and development of Oklahoma’s youth.
Today I visited the Illinois State Fair and challenged Sam Madonia of 1450 AM Sports Radio to an Illinois State Fair Food Challenge.  We sampled 14 different foods featured at the fair from across our state, ranging from Deep Fried Tacos from Cottage Hill to Gator Kabobs from Mt. Olive.   More on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1uyErrg
Over 500 veterans compete in the National Veterans Wheelchair Games every year, making it the largest annual wheelchair sports event in the world.  This year, 12 veterans from Illinois are competing in the games.  Please join me in thanking all of the athletes for their service and wishing the Illinois vets good luck.  Read more on my blog: 
In addition to the live town halls I will be hosting throughout the state of Utah over the next few weeks, I will also be participating in a live radio town hall with Rod Arquette from 105.7 KNRS.  You can register for the event with the link below or tune in on August 20 @ 5:00-6:00 p.m. MT.
At my town hall meeting in Ashland today, the AHS Senior government students stopped by the Ranch House Restaurant to participate in the discussion with members of the community. Mr. Hoffhines (second from left), the new AHS Social Studies Teacher, did a great job preparing the AHS seniors for our meeting, and I was very impressed with their knowledge of the issues. Topics ranged from housing and health care, to education, veterans and rural Kansas issues. Thanks again for taking the time to visit and share your thoughts with me.
On my way to Clark County Town Hall in Ashland. Stopped to gawk at the menagerie of work by folk artist, M.T. Liggett near Mullinville.
The morning I stopped in the community of Kinsley and visited with folks at City Hall, the Post Office, the USDA Service Center, Edwards Co. Sentinel, County Extension, the Farm Bureau and Roenbaugh's. I also had the chance to stop into Kinsley Drug to say hello and enjoyed meeting the Kinsely Drug team. Pictured from left to right are Annie Cyphers, Max Sherard, Mickey Avery and Brad Eustance. Thank you for the hospitality.
Breaking ground today for additional Coast Guard housing on base in Kodiak. In a few years, families will live here, catch their first salmon, serve our nation and fall in love with Alaska.
Great to speak with and listen to such a large group of Guardians.  They say the arctic, staffing, sexual assault prevention and staying closer to family are issues on their minds.
It's great to hear the Kodiak Coast Guard asking Vice Admiral Ray about the surge of activities in the Arctic. They're ready and willing to accept the new challenges that our Arctic future holds for us.
Honored to be speaking to the Coast Guard in Kodiak today. These brave men and women are constantly being asked to do more with less - whether they're stepping up activities in the Arctic, plucking fisherman out of the water, or saving lives for the people of King Cove.
Thousands of Alaskans have legitimate concerns about the potential impacts that large-scale mining in Canada could hold for them….and so do I.  I recently sent a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry reiterating my concerns about mining in British Columbia, which has the potential to adversely affect downstream fisheries and communities in Southeast Alaska. My letter to Secretary Kerry comes in the wake of a major tailings pond breach at the Mount Polley mine in British Columbia.  My goal is to ensure the full protection of the Alaskan subsistence, commercial fishing, and tourism interests. (You can read my letter here: http://1.usa.gov/1sOVT8D)
Thanks to all of those--including my staff members Greg, Karina, and Cale--who volunteered for HUGSS (Helping Us Give School Supplies) & Coats for Kids in Anchorage today.
Today at the All Hands meeting at USCG Station Ketchikan I was honored to thank the Coast Guard for all they do, the families that support them, and the opportunity to represent them.
Be sure to sign up for my monthly e-newsletter to learn about my travels around the Buckeye state. More info here: 
Americans must never sacrifice their liberty for an illusive and dangerous, or false, security. This has been a cause I have championed for years, and one that is at a near-crisis point in our country.  Let us continue to pray for Michael Brown’s family, the people of Ferguson, police, and citizens alike.  READ: http://time.com/3111474/rand-paul-ferguson-police/ 
The U.S. Army has announced it will take another look at cuts to personnel and operations, this includes potential cuts to Ft. Leavenworth and Ft. Riley. I understand how important both these posts are to our state. I have circled the wagons with the Kansas delegation and we are making a very compelling and clear case to the Army that both Ft. Leavenworth and Ft. Riley are unique and tremendous assets to our national security, the Army, their communities and the state as a whole. We will fight any ill-considered cuts to operations or personnel at our Kansas posts at every opportunity.  
Franklin, Miami, Pottowatomie and Geary Counties, please join me for town hall meetings in your communities August 15 and 16. Details below:
Earlier today, James Fitzpatrick from my Philadelphia office was on hand at the Asian American Hotel Owners Association Regional Conference.  AAHOA members own more than 20,000 hotels and employ nearly 600,000 people!
It was great talking with veterans groups in both Schuylkill County and Centre County this week. My thanks to everyone who attended and to Congressman Glenn Thompson for co-hosting with me in Centre County.
RESTORE Act funds are one step closer to be realized for those affected by the Deepwater Horizon disaster.
