NA
We have a duty to protect children in Missouri and nationwide from abuse. It's time for Congress to reauthorize the bipartisan Victims of Child Abuse Act. Please read my column and tell me what you think below.
Today, I joined my Senate colleagues and members from the House to discuss legislation which would address the deeply rooted problems at VA. It is now time for us, in partnership with VA, to begin to repair the damage that has resulted from the systemic failures that have undermined the trust veterans had placed in VA. Most importantly, we must ensure that veterans get the appointments they need from the doctor of their choice, provide the transparency needed to do an apples-to-apples comparison with non-VA hospitals, and start reforming the system and changing the culture to ensure no veteran ever again dies while awaiting the care they needed. 
Senator Coburn has a new report revealing a culture of crime, cover-up, and coercion at the VA. Watch the video and check out the report here: 1.usa.gov/1yJqwPF  
My thoughts right now are with Hoosiers in central Indiana affected by today's severe weather and tornado. Please stay safe!
This Friday, a member of my staff will be at the Brown County Government Building at 201 Locust Ln. in Nashville from 9-11 am. I encourage local Hoosiers who are having problems with a federal agency to come by for assistance.
The Mariello Family from Old Orchard Beach met with Sen. Collins today on Easter Seals Advocacy Day.
Always great to welcome Mainers to Washington!  Today, Senator Collins welcomed The Fowler Family from Orono into her DC office before a tour of the Capitol.  Mainers planning a trip to DC should contact Senator Collins' office for helpful information!  http://1.usa.gov/1lOzBlU
Sen. Cornyn today spoke on the Senate floor in response to The New York Times editorial that falsely blamed Senate Republicans for delaying efforts on prison reform, when in fact Sen. Cornyn has introduced prison reform legislation that the NYT has praised and Sen. Reid controls the Senate schedule and has refused to schedule any votes on prison reform.   "Strangely enough, the 'Times' editorial praises our bill as an example, and I quote, 'of significant progress toward a legislative solution.' Close quote. Unfortunately, it then proceeds to blame Senate Republicans, including me, for stalling progress on the bill.   "It's the majority leader, Majority Leader Reid, who determines what legislation comes up on the Senate floor, and this editorial didn't mention him at all. An amazing oversight. So the last time I checked, the majority leader was the only person in the chamber with the power to schedule a vote on any legislation he wants, and he can do so whenever he wants. So for the record, I'd like to correct the error in 'The New York Times' editorial. I strongly support criminal justice reform including sentencing reform.”
Cornyn Introduces Bill to Prohibit IRS Bonuses, Force Agency to Comply with Investigation:
This summer, the Highway Trust Fund, which funds improvements to roads, bridges and transit systems, will run dry and likely halt the construction of any new transportation projects without action from Congress. This will result in a 50 percent reduction in Tennessee’s transportation budget in 2015 and create a $160 billion hole in state budgets nationwide over the next decade at a time when they can least afford it. Senator Corker today criticized the Senate Finance Committee for failing to find a funding solution to the Highway Trust Fund in a way that meets our country’s long-term infrastructure needs and pays for the spending in the year it is spent. The committee’s $9 billion plan would cover six months of transportation funding, but take a decade to pay for it.  “It’s a complete sham to borrow money for six months of transportation spending and pretend to pay it back over the next 10 years,” said Corker. “Americans should be outraged and reject those who support this plan and are willing to sacrifice future generations because they don’t have the courage to pay for things that are important to our country or cut spending elsewhere. We can either pay for this responsibly or shut down the road program until there is enough money in the fund.”  Last week, Corker and Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) announced a bipartisan proposal that would create a long-term, stable funding mechanism for the Highway Trust Fund and enact tax relief for American families and businesses. For more information on this proposal, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1nQ7cu8. 
Now is the time to see bipartisan unanimity of Congress and the President of the United States to tell the Sudanese government to free Meriam Ibrahim and her family. #SaveMeriam
US archivist: IRS didn't follow law on emails #AbolishTheIRS
Why did the Obama Administration put Meriam Ibrahim in a position where the Sudanese government could forcibly take her into custody again? #SaveMeriam
The President of the United States should be standing up on the world stage and saying, "free Meriam Ibrahim right now!" #SaveMeriam
Troubling reports that Meriam Ibrahim and her family have been detained in Sudan. Hope President Obama & Secretary Kerry will immediately join calls for their release.
#AbolishTheIRS
This week I answer your questions on our skyrocketing student loan debt. Click the link below to learn more in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
Clean air and economic growth are not mutually exclusive. This bill would ensure a more certain regulatory environment that would allow businesses to protect much-needed jobs while ensuring that the Clean Air Act does exactly what it was designed to do – protect the public’s health.
Just spoke on Senate floor, asking President Barack Obama to make personal statement about children crossing SW border. 
My staff will be holding local office hours in Chadron, Valentine, Central City, and St. Paul. You can find more details below or on my website! http://1.usa.gov/1iuvzPf
Don’t forget to subscribe to my newsletter to receive monthly updates on how I'm working for Nebraskans in Washington. http://fischer.enews.senate.gov
NA
Senator Jack Reed and I introduced a new #RenewUI bill today. Read about it here: http://1.usa.gov/1lNqSi8.
“The Air Force recognizes that the nuclear mission is a vital part of the Air Force and critical to the security of the United States, and additionally, that the Minot Air Force Base is an important part of Global Strike Command. Global Strike Command is adding a thousand personnel to the nuclear mission, and I anticipate that several hundred of those will come to Minot Air Force Base because we have both a bomber wing and a missile wing.”
We are once again glad to welcome some of North Dakota’s finest young adults to work as congressional interns in my Washington, D.C. and state offices. These outstanding individuals represent North Dakota’s youth as well as our future leadership. As always, we are proud to provide them with the opportunity to experience firsthand the legislative process and the inner workings of our nation’s government as we serve the people of North Dakota. We hope this internship experience will establish lifelong connections and a deeper appreciation for the value of public service.
Building the northern leg of the Keystone XL pipeline would create 42,000 jobs immediately and tens of thousands more jobs would be supported in the manufacturing industry. Unfortunately, President Obama seems more concerned with helping his party pocket $100 million and more in campaign cash by continuing to block Keystone rather than encourage economic opportunity for all Americans. The pipeline is a safe and sensible way to transport Canadian oil sands through the United States, and research has found that the pipeline's development would have little affect on climate change. If President Obama continues to stall, we risk handing the Keystone pipeline to China who is eager to refine and distribute this energy resource. It's time President Obama makes good on his word when he said in Cushing, Oklahoma, two years ago that he would "break through bureaucratic hurdles" and make the pipeline a "priority." I'll be joining some of my fellow colleagues on the Senate floor shortly to talk about the Keystone pipeline. You can tune in live here: http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
One of our staff members in #Milwaukee spotted the famous #RacingSausages outside our office building around lunchtime today. Let’s all cheer on the #BrewCrew as they get ready to take on the Washington Nationals tonight at #MillerPark! Thanks for the picture, Ginger!
Senator Johnson discussing the situation in #Iraq on CNBC 's Squawk Box
NA
Synthetic drugs are extremely dangerous & have become the drug of choice for teens in Illinois. As the major hub for these drugs that are harming children and sending profits to countries of state-sponsored terrorism such as Syria and Yemen, Customs and Border Protection at O'Hare are doing great work, but we need to cut off the flow of synthetic marijuana from the source.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1nBuMYB
I hope these heroes enjoyed their #honorflight to DC. It was a pleasure to meet with this group of Utah WWII #veterans at the WWII memorial.
I enjoyed visiting with an engaging group of Salina high school students involved in the Xcel After-School Program through The City Teen Center today in Washington, D.C. The Xcel program pairs students and mentors five days a week and offers homework help, mentoring and fun. It also provides students with travel opportunities to visit colleges, area businesses and historical sites. Thanks to The City Executive Director Shawn Copeland for your efforts to build this great program for Salina teens.
Today, the Senate Homeland Security Subcommittee on Appropriations on which I serve is poised to pass the FY2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill, which includes $300 million for construction of NBAF. This funding is a critical step forward to finish construction of the lab in Manhattan. It solidifies Congressional support for the construction of the modern, world-class facility which will protect Americans against biological threats. Kansas will become a research epicenter, and the construction will ultimately create jobs for Kansans in the fields of engineering, science and technology. The talented young men and women who grow up here will have more opportunities to work and live in Kansas. Following Subcommittee passage, the bill will awaits passage by the full Appropriations Committee on Thursday.
The U.S. has to invest in our Arctic future.  Earlier today, I stressed the case for our Arctic needs with the Senate Homeland Security Appropriators -- we've got to keep up with the region on icebreakers, tourism, shipping and nat'l defense.  The Subcommittee Chairwoman committed to an Arctic-focused hearing in the fall.
Congrats to Doctor Janice Sheufelt from Juneau for winning the women's solo category in the Race Across America, biking from California to Maryland in less than 12 days! 
Met with Ohio families affected by the Congolese government stalling adoptions. I'll continue my work to help these families bring their children home.
Discussing NSA reform and criminal justice reform with Martin Luther King III and Andrew Young.
Persecution of women or Christians in the name of religion must be stood up to. American power, if it is to have value in the world, must be used as a force against persecution.  Our aid money, for example, should never go to countries that persecute women or Christians, not one dime. WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xeKMhBB9e0&feature=youtu.be
Here is the latest Roberts Report highlighting my work to investigate the IRS scandal and the crisis at the border, stop the EPA take over of U.S. Waters and the Obama Administration from releasing more Gitmo detainees and much more!  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=6efdf376-7bf1-4cd2-99f3-835bd4a1860a&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935&MonthDisplay=6&YearDisplay=2014
Rubio Delivers Remarks At House-Senate Conference Committee On VA Reform Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1rvqh5M  Rubio: “Reforming the VA is long overdue. The truth is that it shouldn't have taken all these problems reaching the scandalous levels for Washington to finally wake up and act. But here we are now with an opportunity to act. So let’s do it. Our veterans have waited long enough.” 
Rubio: Sudanese Government Must Release Meriam Yahia Ibrahim And Her Family: http://1.usa.gov/VlgsgF  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued a statement regarding the detention of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim, a Sudanese woman who was imprisoned and sentenced to death earlier this year for refusing to recant her Christian faith. Following Ibrahim’s release yesterday, she and her husband Daniel Wani, an American citizen, were detained with their two children at an airport in the capital Khartoum while trying to leave the country.   Rubio was the Senate’s lead sponsor of the unanimously passed resolution that called for her immediate and unconditional release, and the inclusion of religious freedom and respect for international human rights during the drafting of Sudan’s new constitution.   “I am disgusted by the  detention of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim and the detention of her American husband Daniel Wani and their two young children,” said Rubio. “After being persecuted for her faith, and facing the unimaginable fear of being sentenced to death, Meriam and her family were trying to leave Sudan to live their lives free from religious persecution. Instead the Sudanese government is continuing to violate their fundamental rights by denying them the ability to leave Sudan to escape persecution.   “Meriam should have never been arrested in the first place, but her detention along with the detention of her husband, an American citizen, requires immediate action,” added Rubio. “I urge the U.S. Department of State and U.S. Department of Homeland Security to do everything in their power to secure the release of Meriam, Daniel, and their children, and to make sure they have the ability to exercise their religious freedom in the U.S. if they so choose.” 
Senator Rubio calls IRS Commissioner’s attitude at yesterday’s House Oversight hearing “unbelievable”
Here is an excerpt from Ranking Member Sessions' statement announcing his opposition to the nomination of HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan to be the director of the Office of Management and Budget:  "Since taking office, the President has staffed his budget office with political loyalists and insiders who have ignored our perilous financial condition and taken no steps to repair it. The President’s budget office has submitted the most irresponsible budget plans in history, surging spending and debt and busting in-law spending caps—while presenting them to the public as doing the opposite. And for five consecutive years, they have flatly refused to follow plain law that requires them to submit a plan resolving Medicare’s insolvency...  [Now,] in Mr. Donovan, we have an inexperienced nominee with a poor record of fiscal management and no demonstrated commitment to financial discipline."
Honored to be a part of the Dedication of the Congressional Gold Medal Honoring the Reverend Doctor and Mrs. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th Anniversary of the Civil Rights Act.
I'll be on Fox News at 2:10p to discuss the #IRS scandal, make sure to tune in!
Speaking at National Journal's Next America series this morning. Talking about minority financial empowerment, workforce development, and entrepreneurship.
Just met #PA's junior fellows at The Library of Congress. Thanks to Frank Vitale of Fort Washington & Carley Altenburger of Oakmont for stopping by! Learn more about their program here: http://www.loc.gov/hr/jrfellows/about.html
Way to go Sarah Murnaghan!  Need and suitability can now be considered for children in need of a lung transplant. http://abcn.ws/1nyQIDG 
Last week, #Philly & #Pittsburgh law enforcement helped the FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation & the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children rescue 168 children in a nationwide sex trafficking sting. Our deepest thanks to them.
It was great to meet with students and families at Mississippi Morning Coffee.  If you're in DC when the Senate is in session, please join me.  Sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/1g5gpss
