Speaking at the Dunavant Public Service Awards in Memphis today, Sen. Alexander quotes his longtime friend and Roots author, Alex Haley, telling the audience to "find the good and praise it." The public service awards go to one local elected official and one local non-elected official and are named for the late Shelby County Probate Court Clerk Bobby Dunavant, who was described as scrupulously honest, unpretentious, accessible, energetic and involved. This year's awards ceremony honored Criminal Court Judge Christopher Craft and Collierville Town Administrator James Lewellen.
NA
Good luck to all the runners - including Granite Staters - participating in today's Boston Marathon!
I was very proud to receive the 2014 Missouri KidsFirst “Standing with Children Award.”
Happy Easter everyone
I’ve heard from many Arkansans about their concerns about the EPA’s recent announcement that the agency will try to claim jurisdiction over almost all waters across our country - including ditches and other waters that have never been regulated by DC bureaucrats before. We are working to stop this overreach. Watch our video.
"Water scarcity is a pressing people and planet issue,” analysts with Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research warn in a recent report according to CBS News. In our recent column we discuss the need to protect our water resources to make sure our communities have the supplies they require to meet the needs of residents. Read our column at the link below.
NA
NA
More good employment news for our state
Please check back for this week's mobile office hours across the state.
Battle of San Jacinto was fought and won 178 years ago today; Sam Houston, commander of Texian forces went on to be President of the Republic of Texas, U.S. Senator, then Governor of Texas.
Today in The Wall Street Journal Asia, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, writes about President Obama’s Asia trip this week and what is at stake for U.S. credibility in the Asia-Pacific region.  “The stakes for U.S. interests couldn't be higher in the region: China continues its coercive and aggressive behavior in the East and South China Seas; North Korean provocations persist; relations between Japan and South Korea remain strained; and Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade negotiations continue to face hurdles due to inaction in the United States Congress,” writes Corker.  “While there are many important bilateral and regional issues for the U.S. president to discuss on his visit to the Asia-Pacific, there are three key messages I hope he will convey…” Read more: http://on.wsj.com/1h5LAI7
Senator Corker released the following statement regarding the UAW withdrawing its appeal of February’s election at Chattanooga’s Volkswagen (VW) plant:  "This 11th hour reversal by the UAW affirms what we have said all along -- that their objection was nothing more than a sideshow to draw attention away from their stinging loss in Chattanooga. Many have felt the UAW never really wanted another election in the near term because they knew they would lose by an even larger margin, based on widespread knowledge of the UAW's problematic track record throughout the country, which the workers at Volkswagen have been able to see firsthand over recent months. Fortunately, the majority of workers at Volkswagen's Chattanooga plant realized they were only dollar signs to the UAW’s self-survival. It's a shame the UAW slowed the momentum on our expansion conversations with Volkswagen, but now it's time for VW, our state and our community to re-engage and move forward with bringing additional jobs to Chattanooga," said Corker.  As mayor of Chattanooga from 2001-2005, Corker worked with officials and community leaders to develop the 1,200 acre Enterprise South Industrial Park, which is now home to Volkswagen's North American manufacturing headquarters. Much of the negotiation that led to Volkswagen choosing Chattanooga occurred around the dining room table of Corker’s Chattanooga home.
#Sriracha may not be welcome in California, but you’d be welcomed with open arms and eager taste buds in Texas.
More "moderation" on display from the regime in Tehran: Journalists at Evin prison beaten with batons, cut with glass. 
Happy San Jacinto Day! Today we celebrate 178 years since the Republic of Texas secured its independence with a victory in the battle of San Jacinto: http://bit.ly/1trPUqn
The Administration quietly announced just before the holiday weekend Friday that it was again delaying any decision on the Keystone Pipeline. Years of study have concluded the pipeline will have little effect on the environment, but it will create tens of thousands of jobs. This is a president who leads from behind and an Administration paralyzed by politics.
Had a great visit to Travelers Rest today and a tour of the many small businesses along the Swamp Rabbit Trail.
NA
Getting coverage is not the same as getting health care. There's evidence Obamacare is making this truer than ever. http://t.co/HSu8XUNB8H
She found an Obamacare plan. Turns out the few doctors who accept it won't see her. http://t.co/O14TpWmiUs
What good is getting covered if you cannot see a doctor?  http://t.co/oNG8Qi8pcl
Congress has made it very clear that the Air Force needs to protect religious expression.  The Air Force needs to revise its policies and implementation to comply with the Constitution and current statutes that protect religious liberty:
Sending out my weekly "Kansas Common Sense" newsletter later today. This week's topics include my thoughts on the tragic shootings in Johnson County, the National Institute of Health Director's visit to the University of Kansas, meeting with my Military and Veterans Advisory Committee, town hall meetings across Kansas and Wichita State University’s Entrepreneurship Forum Series.
From talking to young people to visiting with our elders.  I stopped to chat with the folks at the Chugiak Senior Center.  It has been about 10 years since I have been here, and in that time, our senior population has grown faster than just about every other state.  We have a long way to go to meet all the needs of our seniors: long term care, transportation and high health care costs are at the top of the list.
Visiting with the students at Mears Middle School in Anchorage this morning.  They wrote to invite me to come hear what young people are concerned about: bullying, building the natural gas pipeline and the Alaskan economy, just to name a few.
A great picture of the Rock whaling crew.  I love that Rex Rock Sr. is hugging Rex Jr. Jr. is the one who harpooned the whale this weekend and Captain Rex Sr. couldn't be prouder
The Administration's 5-year delay of the Keystone XL pipeline decision is unacceptable. We should move forward with building the pipeline that will create tens of thousands of jobs and would be a welcome boost to Ohio’s manufacturing sector.
MUST-READ: Rand Paul is "a different voice in the arena that we don't traditionally hear," says Lorraine Miller, acting head of the NAACP.  http://www.npr.org/blogs/itsallpolitics/2014/04/21/304545422/rand-paul-bids-to-loosen-democratic-hold-on-african-american-vote?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=politics&utm_medium=social&utm_term=nprnews
Senator Rubio wishes the best of luck to all those running in the Boston Marathon today: http://1.usa.gov/1julIEb  In the past year, millions of Americans have competed in endurance events of varying distances and disciplines. I have always admired those who compete in endurance events. Today, as 36,000 runners take off from the starting line at the Boston Marathon, all Americans unite to support them as they remind us of our strength, courage and resilience as a people.   The terrorist attack on last year’s Boston Marathon shocked our nation and the world. Three spectators lost their lives and 264 spectators and runners were injured. The hours and days following the attacks were filled with heroic actions by first responders who risked their lives to help victims of the blasts and law enforcement officials who led the search for those responsible and began the process of bringing the surviving terrorist to justice. One campus police officer at MIT, Sean Collier, was killed by the bombers as they tried to flee justice. The first responders’ bravery and courage in the face of immediate danger and uncertainty inspired us all.   The inspiration from Boston continues today. For the families of those who lost loved ones and for the survivors who have suffered life changing injuries, this past year has been filled with unimaginable pain and difficulty, and yet, in true American form, it has also been filled with stories of survivors overcoming adversity. The strength of the survivors and the victims’ families has reminded us of our resilience as nation and inspired us as a people to stand together.   Today, the city of Boston and endurance athletes from across America, including over 900 Floridians, are uniting to show that last year’s attack will not deter them. This year, the Boston Marathon’s organizers wisely increased the number of registrations, not only to meet the demand of people who wanted to race this year and prove that Americans will not be deterred. But a special exception was also made to this year’s number of runners to accommodate a large group of special runners: those who were prevented from finishing last year, first responders, elite and legacy runners, and families of victims. This Boston Marathon will be unlike any other in its rich history.   To all those running today, thank you for being an example of American resolve. As you cross the finish line today, know that you inspire us all to be Boston Strong.   Best of luck to all the runners. May God bless them and all those affected by last year’s tragedy.
Great talking with the cadets at the Citadel tonight about the importance of mentoring.
Today we are all Boston Strong. Good luck to everyone from South Carolina and across the nation running in the Boston Marathon!
Wicker Report | The federal government has an obligation to use Americans’ tax dollars wisely, which is why the tax-and-spend policies of the Obama Administration are so troubling.  The President’s failed stimulus carried a price tag of nearly $1 trillion, with government funds wasted on now-bankrupt boondoggles like Solyndra.  His signature health-care law, rammed through Congress by Democratic super majorities without a single Republican vote, is costing an estimated $1.4 trillion, yet it will leave 31 million Americans uninsured over the next decade.  Hardly the beacon of a sustainable economic recovery or true health-care reform, President Obama’s big-government agenda has instead worsened the debt crisis.   
