Congratulations to Joplin School District Superintendent CJ Huff on being named one of four finalists in the 2013 American Association of School Administrator’s National Superintendent of the Year program. So glad CJ and his wife Jennifer were able to stop by my office yesterday.
Many have asked about President Obama's directive to give members of Congress a raise. I have consistently voted against automatic pay raises and rejected this one as well. This blog post explains how we rescinded this pay raise in the fiscal cliff agreement.
NA
NA
Our nation faces critical deadlines for getting our fiscal house in order and I am ready to find solutions as I serve on the Senate Finance; Banking, Housing & Urban Affairs; Budget; Environment & Public Works and the Indian Affairs Committee.  I look forward to serving as the top Republican on the Banking Committee, as well as accepting the appointment of Chief Deputy Whip from the Minority Whip, Senator John Cornyn (R-TX).
Why debt ceiling fight is good for the country
Brennan vs Hagel on drones?
Brennan vs Hagel on drones?
For POTUS, is there any limit on debt?
Obama will miss budget law deadline:
We need to fix our broken immigration system for many reasons but it's too early to say we are done with immigration law enforcement: 300+K annually detained at SW border; 40% overstay visas; and lax worksite enforcement.
To begin reducing the nation’s long-term deficits and rebuilding the lack of trust in Washington over excessive spending, Senator Corker called on Congress to begin making reforms to Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security to deal with the upcoming fiscal deadlines.   He identified two reforms as a starting point: moving to a more accurate measure of inflation (“chained CPI”) and requiring wealthy seniors to contribute more for their Medicare benefits (“means testing”), both of which were advocated by the president’s Simpson-Bowles deficit commission and were considered in budget talks between President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner. “In our nation’s history, the best way big problems have been solved is through presidential leadership, but in the absence of a president who will lead on this issue, one constructive way to start tackling our financial deficit and the fiscal deadlines we face this quarter – raising the debt ceiling, passing a continuing resolution to fund government, and resolving the sequester – is to begin legislating on entitlements in areas where there has been strong bipartisan consensus in Congress as well as White House support: chained CPI adjustments and Medicare means testing,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/VQEWHy
Tonight: Will be sitting down with Sean Hannity on Fox News Channel in the 8 PM CT hour. Don't miss it!
SenDem leaders nearly4yrs w/o budget that law requires. No accountability 4spending&GoV’t Spend is problem. SenDs need2do job/present budget
Here's The Scoop - Chuck Grassley's eNewsletter
Congratulations Brian Polian for being named as the Nevada Wolf Pack football head coach. Welcome to the Biggest Little City! #BattleBorn
Thank you everyone so very much for your support and patience while I recovered from my stroke.
Congrats to the Wichita State, Kansas State and Kansas University basketball programs, all ranked in the AP Top 25 for the first time in nearly 50 years. Good luck as conference play gets underway.
Yet another reminder of unsustainable budgets:  The Hill:  “At this pace, the deficit would be on pace to top $1 trillion for the fifth-straight year in 2013. All the trillion-dollar deficits have taken place under President Obama.” http://bit.ly/11cBsG0
Stopped by the 24th Annual Topeka Farm Show today. Thanks to those that stopped to shake hands and discuss the issues.
Kansans are fortunate to have the "Librarian of the Year" working for our state. Congratulations to Jo Bundler and thanks for your work on the frontier of e-books. 
Had a great time meeting with the very bright Osage City Class of 2013--GO INDIANS!
"While many Republicans want to use the debt-ceiling vote to extract spending cuts, Sessions, the top Republican on the Senate Budget Committee, [also] sees it as a way to finally produce a budget."
"The House has passed budgets as required... But under Reid's leadership, Democrats have steadfastly refused to come up with a plan of their own.  Sen. Jeff Sessions, ranking Republican on the Senate Budget Committee, has conducted a virtual crusade on the issue... demanding that Reid obey the law and pass a budget. Now, with a fight over the debt ceiling approaching, Sessions wants to try something new. 'I think it should be a firm principle that we should not raise the debt ceiling until we have a plan on how the new borrowed money will be spent,' Sessions told me Monday..."
The EPA has announced it will adopt regulatory changes I proposed last year. A much-needed victory for taxpayers:
It's so important that we understand what's at stake with the debt limit. I'll be discussing this with  Andrea Tantaros and Jason Mattera at 10:30 today. Hope you can tune in:
I'll be discussing the debt limit and the Hagel Defense Secretary nomination with Laura Ingraham at 9:35 this morning. Tune in and listen live:
NA
