NA
Yesterday Sen. Alexander sent a letter to HHS Secretary Sebelius, asking for more information on her fundraising and coordinating with private entities to implement the president’s health care law. Follow this link for the full text of the letter: http://1.usa.gov/YTNgxj
ICYMI: On the Senate floor yesterday, Sen. Alexander called on the Government Accountability Office to investigate HHS Secretary Sebelius’s fundraising and coordinating with private entities to implement the president’s health care law, saying “the analogy with Iran-Contra is strong.” Follow this link to read more, including the letter Alexander sent yesterday to Sebelius asking for more information on her actions: http://1.usa.gov/12xU552
Senators Shaheen and Ayotte said: "We're pleased that the Department of Defense and the Navy recognize the importance of shipyard workers to our national security. This exemption should allow the workers at our four public shipyards, including Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, to continue their critical work maintaining our nation's naval readiness without interruption. This announcement gives our shipyard employees the financial certainty they deserve and allows the shipyards to avoid furloughs that would have resulted in costly delays in ship and submarine maintenance."
Watch my remarks on unfolding IRS targeting scandal and share this post if you refuse to tolerate this atrocious behavior.
If the reports are accurate that Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller knew about the agency’s egregious targeting of conservative groups last year and he misled members of Congress, he should step down or be removed immediately. It’s become increasingly clear this was not limited to the actions of a small group of lower level employees, which is why I join my colleagues in support of any and all congressional investigations to uncover the truth behind these shameful activities.
We will continue to seek improvements and enhance efficiency in the farm bill, but the committee passed bill is a good first step.
This scandal gives the already-maligned IRS a black eye. It reinforces people’s worst fears about Washington—that those in power will use any means necessary to maintain that power. Read more by following the link below.
The Senate Agriculture Committee is meeting right now to amend and approve the farm bill. We talk about the importance of this legislation to Arkansas' agriculture community in this edition of “From the Mailbag.”
I will join Jenna Lee on FOX News' "Happening Now" at 12:10 pm (ET) 10:10 am (MT) to talk about the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Republicans request for a Benghazi hearing to address new revelations.
Great meeting today with General Frank J. Grass. Proud to represent Indiana Guardsman in the Senate.
NA
PHOTO: My Washington, D.C., staff joined me on the Capitol steps for a photo this afternoon. I am blessed to work with a fantastic team.
The news from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that it has been politically profiling conservative groups is alarming and unacceptable.  The American people must have confidence that the IRS and its employees will operate in an independent fashion.  All personnel involved in this wrongdoing from top to bottom must be held accountable and an investigation must begin immediately.
Just cosponsored legislation prohibiting IRS from unfairly scrutinizing app's based on political ideology
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls on IRS Commissioner to Resign, Condemns Agency for Targeting Texans:
"Kind of behavior we associate not with the greatest democracy in the world, but with corrupt tin-pot dictators:"
Ten years ago today, 19 people died in South Texas in America's deadliest human smuggling attempt.  What have we done to prevent this from happening again?  Visits to the border show that this problem is still all too real.
Cornyn: Confirmation of any [IRS Commissioner] nominee will be premature until there is a complete investigation:
"Congress must hold hearings, and the Admin. must answer to the people who they targeted using these dirty, Chicago-style tactics:"
Cornyn Files Amendment to Help Address Texas Water Shortage, Engage Mexico on Treaty Compliance:
RADIO: Sen. Cornyn Speaks with Mark Davis About the IRS:
RADIO: Sen. Cornyn Speaks with Edd Hendee About the IRS:
IRS targeting of conservative groups began in 2010
Add IRS to FEC, SEC, FCC and HHS: list of agencies of this Administration trying to silence its critics
Four Pinocchios for POTUS; not good
On border security, new study says Border Patrol doesn't know what it doesn't know, guesses 60% of illegal crossers are caught
IRS commissioner says "mistakes were made" but I want to know by whom.
Timeline of Key Events Surrounding IRS Targeting of Conservative Groups  March 1, 2010:  An IRS manager in Cincinnati, Ohio asks employees to begin searching for 501(c) tax exemption applications using the terms Tea Party, Patriots and 9/12 as their criteria.  April 1, 2010:  Managers in Washington, DC and Cincinnati decide to send a “Sensitive Case Report” about the Tea Party cases up the chain in Washington.  April 19, 2010:  The Sensitive Case Report is shared with two executives in Washington, DC, one of whom is Lois Lerner and the other her immediate subordinate.       August 12, 2010:  The IRS creates a “BOLO” (Be on the Lookout) listing instructing agents to identify Tea Party case files.  December 13, 2010:  A manager for the Exempt Organizations (EO) group at the IRS in Washington informs the manager in Cincinnati that the processing of Tea Party cases would soon be reviewed with the Senior Technical Advisor to Lois Lerner, the Director of EO.    June 1, 2011: The Acting Director of Rulings and Agreements in Washington, DC, Lois Lerner’s immediate subordinate, asks the manager in Cincinnati for the criteria used to identify Tea Party groups.  June 29, 2011:  The Director of EO in Washington, DC, Lois Lerner, is briefed that the criteria being used by employees includes “Tea Party,” “Patriots,” “9/12 Project,” “Government Spending,” “Government Debt,” “Taxes,” “make America a better place to live,” and cases with statements that criticize how the country is being run.  July 5, 2011:  The BOLO listing criteria is revised to search for “organizations involved in political, lobbying, or advocacy.”     January 25, 2012:  The BOLO is updated to change the search criteria to “limiting/expanding Government,” “Constitution and the Bill of Rights,” and “social economic reform/movement.”  March 12, 2012: Senator Chuck Schumer sends a letter to IRS Commissioner Shulman along with six of his Democrat colleagues, calling for the agency to impose a strict cap on the amount of political spending by tax-exempt, nonprofit groups.  March 14, 2012: 12 Republican Senators urge the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to prevent politics from playing a role in any action taken on non-profit 501(c)(4) organizations.  March 22, 2012: IRS Commissioner Shulman testifies before the House Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee saying, “I can give you assurances..[t]here is absolutely no targeting [of conservative groups].”  March 23 – 27, 2012:  Steven Miller, Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement, asks his Senior Technical Advisor to look into what was going on in the Cincinnati office regarding Tea Party applications.  April 26, 2012: Steven Miller Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement sends response to March 14th GOP letter.  The letter does not acknowledge that the IRS had inappropriately targeted tea party groups or asked improper questions about their contributors.  May 3, 2012: Steven Miller Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement is briefed that these conservative groups had been targeted by the IRS.  May 2012: TIGTA briefs Commissioner Shulman on the targeting by the IRS of tea party applications for 501(c)(4) status.  June 18, 2012: 11 Senators call on the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for additional answers on the agency’s decision to request confidential donor information from organizations applying for tax exempt status. The Senators said such action circumvented current statutory privacy protections and questioned the targeting of groups specifically seeking the approval or renewal of a tax-exempt designation under section 501(c)(4).  August 9, 2012: 10 GOP Senators  write to IRS Commissioner Shulman, again, asking the agency to clarify its intentions for 501(c)(4) organizations. The Senators questioned the IRS’s response to a public rulemaking petition from outside groups pressuring the agency to take action on 501(c)(4)s and said it was essential that politics not play any role in its decision-making process.  September 11, 2012: Steven Miller Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement sends response to June 18th GOP letter.  The letter does not acknowledge that the IRS had inappropriately targeted tea party groups or asked improper questions about their contributors.  November 9, 2012: IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman steps down at the end of his 5-year term and Steven Miller is named Acting Commissioner.  Source: Unless otherwise noted, the timeline dates can be attributed to the U.S. Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) briefings given to key Committees of jurisdiction this week.
MSNBC’s Chuck Todd asked White House Press Secretary Jay Carney today about Sen. Corker’s request for an explanation from President Obama regarding allegations that the CIA has been making cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai for the past decade.  Watch the clip here: http://bit.ly/10ofUVD
Following up on a May 2 letter to President Obama today, Senator Corker continued to seek an explanation for reports alleging the U.S. has made millions of dollars in secret cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai over the past decade. Responding to press inquiries, President Karzai has said the payments are “the choice of the American government” and will continue following personal assurances from the CIA station chief in Kabul. “As I indicated in my earlier letter, our assistance to Afghanistan should have long since evolved to a carefully coordinated, fully transparent effort across federal agencies with appropriate congressional oversight to ensure U.S. aid meets our national interests. These secret payments lack any kind of accountability, encourage the very kind of corruption we’re trying to prevent in Afghanistan, and further undermine U.S. taxpayers’ confidence in our government,” said Corker. “I believe a prompt response to how these payments meet our objectives in Afghanistan is warranted.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/10nP7c1.
Insurers predict 100-400% insurance rate increases.   Does President Obama call that "affordable"?
The mineral revenue owed to Wyoming is written into federal law and is not negotiable. Senator Barrasso, Rep. Lummis, and I introduced bipartisan legislation today that will keep the federal government’s hands off of state money. Our bill would allow states the option to collect their own share of federal mineral revenue and protect money that is rightfully owed under the Mineral Leasing Act. It would also eliminate the 2 percent fee the federal government charges for collecting the revenue. As an accountant, I can tell you that dividing by two and writing a check does not cost the federal government $40 million a year. Click the link below to find out more.
I introduced legislation today (S. 937) as a response to the IRS’ dangerous practice of targeting tax-exempt organizations (or those applying to be) based on their ideology. The Protect Against Ideology-Based Targeting Act would prohibit the IRS from developing discriminatory methodologies for organizations under or applying for 501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) status due to the ideologies expressed in the organizations’ names or purposes.  It’s sad that this legislation is even necessary. But as we learn more and ensure those involved are held accountable for this wrongdoing, this bill will prohibit this bad behavior from continuing.
In case you missed it, here’s video of my floor speech this morning on the IRS scandal and recent reports of the Department of Justice’s secret collection of the phone records of reporters and editors of The Associated Press. There is no place for this type of methodical government overreach in democracy or the United States. The American people deserve a government that jealously guards the liberties of its citizens, not a government that tramples on its basic constitutional rights.
I will be speaking on the Senate floor at approximately 9:55 am CT today regarding the IRS scandal and the Department of Justice’s secret obtainment of phone records of Associated Press journalists. To watch live, tune into CSPAN2 or click here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Mr. President, quit spinning the American people, and quit stonewalling the Congress. We deserve the truth about what happened in Benghazi.
Grassley:  U.S. Military at West Point Selects Coralville Youth
Grassley says goverment is becoming “a threat to freedom and liberties”
Grassley Comments on Justice Department Secretly Gathering Unprecedented Number of Telephone Records
Grassley plans meetings in Northwest Iowa
Did you know the President’s budget requested $440 million for new IRS agents to implement ObamaCare? I wrote a letter to U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius about my opposition to this and I intend to introduce a bill to suspend IRS funding until behavior improves. 
 http://1.usa.gov/14khecn
Thanks to the former DHS Secretaries Tom Ridge & Michael Chertoff for supporting our Polish allies.
NA
Great op-ed by Senator Ted Cruz. "Simply put, a government that systematically misleads its people threatens the underpinnings of our democracy."
This is a good article about the letter I wrote with Senator Ted Cruz and Senator Lindsey Graham to Chuck Hagel to request that he honor the religious freedom of our service members:  "I know religious community, worship opportunities, prayer and access to pastoral care are key to the resilience of our war fighters and directly affects their capability to carry out the mission bestowed upon them by their country. That is why I am so disturbed and appalled at what appears to be an increasing effort to restrict the free exercise of religion within the military and completely secularize the public square.  The situation has become so serious last week that Republican Sens. Mike Lee, Ted Cruz and Lindsey Graham felt compelled to send a letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel imploring him to ensure that our military members’ freedom to express religious beliefs be protected. They did this in response to recent reports that one or more of the armed services may be considering changing regulations to severely restrict that right."
McConnell: “Remembrances and observances in honor of the victims are happening in Kentucky today, where dozens of families remain grief stricken by the senseless loss of their beloved child. Those who survived the crash are still haunted by what happened. I wish to express my deepest sympathies for the victims’ families, the survivors, first responders, and all those who were touched by this tragedy. The people of Kentucky stand with you today and share your sorrow."
As a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee with authority over the U.S. Department of Treasury – of which the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is a bureau – I've submitted eight pointed questions regarding the politicization of the IRS to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller. I am anxious to hear what they have to say, and believe the IRS’ admission that conservative groups were targeted is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to this scandal.
Listen live at 1:30 p.m. CT to hear me discuss the IRS with Mike Huckabee on his radio show. The politicization of the IRS is not a conservative or liberal issue. No matter your political stripes – these revelations are highly offensive.
Do you receive my weekly update, Kansas Common Sense? Click the link below to read and subscribe.
This afternoon I spoke on the Senate floor about the IRS targeting organizations based on their political leanings. I’m anxious to read the Inspector General's report, and am surprised by the circumstance we find ourselves in. I would not have expected the IRS — which must be, needs to be, has to be above the political fray — to be an instrument of any political party.
I landed in Kiruna, Sweden today for the Arctic Council Ministerial meetings.  It’s important to sit down with leaders from other Arctic nations to determine intelligent and responsible policy that affects the entire region. We Alaskans know we're on the forefront of everything that is happening in the Arctic, and it’s a no brainer that we have a seat at the table.
I am outraged that the Internal Revenue Service’s (IRS) Inspector General has found that over the past few years IRS officials singled out conservative and nonprofit groups for review. It makes me sick to my stomach that the IRS field office in charge of evaluating tax-exempt status applications focused on groups making statements that “criticize how the country is being run” and who were involved in educating Americans on the Constitution and Bill of Rights.  I believe this is little more than profiling on the basis of political agenda.  The IRS must answer all of the questions raised in this week’s Inspector General report and take appropriate disciplinary action.  Every possible corrective action must be put in place to ensure this doesn’t happen again.  I will continue to follow this and work to protect every Alaskan from any unwarranted intrusion by the federal government.
Met with an impressive group of women from The Jo Ann Davidson Ohio Leadership Institute this morning.
KET's Bill Goodman was recently in Washington, D.C. and interviewed me for his One to One program. My conversation with Bill will air tonight at 6:30 ET on KET.
More discussion on the political scandals sweeping through the Obama Administration here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=TCl0ZhNMCDU
Today, I proposed a resolution condemning the targeting of Tea Party groups by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and calling for a formal investigation.   Click here to read the resolution and my entire statement. http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=799
Last night, I appeared on Fox's Hannity Show and demanded a formal investigation seeking criminal charges against any individuals who authorized or were involved in targeting people of the United States based on their political views  Click here to watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIBwJY6Ybf8
Lincoln wrote that nearly any man can stand adversity. If you want to test a man, give him power. I think President Obama has failed that test of power. From letting the IRS target the Tea Party, to indefinite detention of Americans without trial, to Fourth Amendment violations to obtain records from the press, President Obama has shown a lack of concern for the Bill of Rights.
More on the 2013 Farm Bill and problems with the backward looking target price proposals favoring peanut and rice producers.
NA
Let me be clear - I still want to pass a Farm Bill and provide long-term certainty to farmers, ranchers, and their families in Kansas and across the country. However, as it stands at this point today, this is not a reform bill. This is a rearview mirror bill. Read my full remarks about the 2013 Senate Farm Bill here:
The AG Committee will meet at 9:00am CT today to mark up the 2013 Farm Bill. To watch the Committee Markup live visit the Ag Committee's website here: http://www.ag.senate.gov/
Strengthening Immigration Reform: Committee Passes Two Amendments Enhancing Student Visa Tracking: http://1.usa.gov/10otatB
Senator Rubio Pushes For Criminal Penalties For Guilty IRS Employees: http://1.usa.gov/YUbpnF
NA
NA
NA
May 11, 2013
Why is the NLRB asking for more funding when their caseload has dropped by 9 percent? My colleagues and I on the HELP Committee intend to find out.  http://www.help.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=3d432fd6-d376-4a20-843e-5ccc8a6e5f22&groups=Ranking
My regional manager for southeastern PA, James Fitzpatrick, visited the employees at Robern in Bristol. Robern manufactures residential storage products such as vanities, cabinets, mirrors, and other furniture and employs over 50 people in Bucks County. A great small business in a great state.
Great to visit the campus of Indiana University of Pennsylvania yesterday.  Thank you for the warm welcome, President Driscoll.
Great to know that the PA State Troopers are on the National Mall. They're here for Police Week Washington DC. I encourage you to take a moment this week to thank our policemen and women for their service.
Police Week Washington DC: Great to see members of the Lancaster City Police Mounted Unit on the national mall. We thank them and all members of our law enforcement community for their bravery and service. God bless.
