“This act, which really should be named the ‘Internet Tax Collection Act,’ infringes on the rights of retailers in New Hampshire…forcing them to become tax collectors.”
Fighting efforts to include an online sales tax in the budget resolution currently under consideration in the Senate.  New Hampshire's Internet vendors shouldn't become sales tax collectors for other states.
I spoke on the Senate floor to discuss a few budget amendments that will encourage charitable giving, eliminate the unfair death tax, and reduce regulations that drive up cost of American energy.
The Senate is debating a budget for the first time in nearly four years. I’ve introduced or co-sponsored several amendments to help boost economic certainty and reduce costly and job-destroying regulations.
With U.S. debt at $16.7 trillion and climbing, Senate Republicans launched a new website today highlighting ways that we can cut wasteful government spending. Learn more and share with your friends.
Republican Senators launched a site today dedicated to cutting wasteful spending. It includes a video produced by my office, along with other interesting and educational content about the run-away spending in Washington.  Share this if you're ready for Washington to cut wasteful spending.
At least the President and I agree on basketball. We both picked Indiana to win it all.
NA
Despite the loss last night by Boise State, staff and I enjoyed some great Bronco cookies today. How is your bracket doing?
News Release: Several colleagues and I have introduced legislation to repeal the Health Insurance Tax (HIT) in Obamacare.  The taxes and fees in this law are causing health care costs to rise and drops in coverage to occur.  Saturday marks the third anniversary of the signing of Obamacare.  Taxes like HIT have not even gone into effect and are already causing premiums to rise.
For the first time in almost four years, the U.S. Senate is debating a budget resolution.  There are currently 34 hours of debate remaining.  Click the link to watch.
Tax loophole closing w/o reducing marginal rates is another tax increase, pure and simple, and does nothing to stimulate economic growth and jobs
Texas Trib: Cornyn Wants Answers on Immigrants' Release:
Calling into Lars Larson's show around 5:20pm ct, tune in if you can
Cornyn Cosponsors Amendment to Defund Obamacare:
VIDEO - Cornyn: If the White House Doesn't Do Their Job, They Shouldn't Be Paid:
YNN Austin: Cornyn Demands More Detainee Release Hearings:
Cornyn Demands Hearings on ICE Detainee Releases:
House budget slows growth of federal spending to 3.4% from 5.4% and balances in 10 years.  Proposed Senate budget never balances and increases taxes another $1.5 trillion.
PJ Media: No POTUS Budget, No Pay - for his OMB:
Cornyn Proposes Amendment Withholding White House Pay For Late Budgets:
Unfortunately, these tragedies are not uncommon, while despite the facts, Janet Napolitano claims the border is secure.
No budget, no pay for the White House, too
Really? DHS can't measure border security? Unacceptable.
The Obamacare Medicaid mandate would have cost Texas $4 billion. Good for Gov. Rick Perry for rejecting the expansion.
Declaring a “balanced” approach does not mean that it is and it for sure doesn’t mean a balanced budget. I spoke about this and more on the Senate floor Wednesday evening.
I gave my first critique of the majority’s budget plan Wednesday night. The news isn’t good. (Video is 35 seconds)
We started the budget debate on the Senate floor last night.  The majority’s budget is like the restaurant that promises free drinks tomorrow.
Wondering where we can cut spending? Here's a one-stop-shop for good places to start. “Like” and “share” this website if you agree we need responsible cuts to wasteful government spending.
A must read article about my dear friend and colleague, Lt. Governor Lavon Heidemann, and his family farm roots. Lavon is a great example of a hardworking farmer and public servant.
Do you realize President Obama's never received one vote for any of his previous budgets?   If he can pick one winner right in his NCAA Hoops brackets, he will have trumped what he’s been able to do on getting votes for his own budget.
Grassley:  U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Selects Fairfield Student
Budget Resolution
Senator Grassley will be on KCJJ with Captain Steve and Tommy Lang at 8:30 a.m. CT. Listen at http://www.ustream.tv/channel/kcjj-raw.
Grassley Statement During Senate Floor Debate, Fiscal Year 2014 Budget Resolution
Grassley Amendment Provides for Revenue Neutral Tax Reform
Grassley Blasts Administration for Misleading American People on Release of Illegal Immigrants
You can read my letter regarding low staffing levels at offices dealing with processing claims for Nevada veterans here: http://1.usa.gov/WHrmdp
“General Peabody made clear that the sequester will not impact flood preparation and prevention in the Red River Valley or on the Souris. He said the Corps will not take any risk on life, health or safety issues.”
It was a pleasure to meet canola farmers Brian and Kelly Aalund visiting our nation's capital from North Dakota. They stopped by my office prior to their tour of the U.S. Capitol building.
Always glad to welcome North Dakotans to my office, and my staff and I are also happy to arrange for tours of the Capitol.  Today I was happy to have the chance to chat with the Thomas family of Velva before their Capitol tour began.
Met today with Troy and Bobbie Jo Uglem of Northwood, N.D. who are in town for National Ag Week.  Last year the National Outstanding Young Farmers of America named them Outstanding Young Farmers for 2012.
The final Senate Continuing Resolution (CR) included two important amendments that I was proud to see my colleagues rally to support. By adopting my amendment to delay enforcement of the EPA’s Spill, Prevention, Control and Countermeasure (SPCC) Rule, we have made the first step towards achieving a permanent exemption for farmers of this onerous regulation.   I am also pleased to see the Senate include my amendment to restore the military tuition assistance program. The program is critical to recruiting and retention efforts, and improves the lives of our men and women seeking leadership growth within the military or those transitioning back into the civilian workforce.  Unfortunately, these small victories were mixed into a bill fraught with problems, and therefore I had to ultimately vote against the final passage of the Continuing Resolution. One of the many concerns I had was that the CR failed to address critical budget shortfalls for the Department of Defense. It is time we end this crisis mode in Washington, and I hope that as we approach the budget debate we can look more responsibly at how to reduce wasteful, big-government spending while prioritizing and supporting our national security.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=8a0b0ce5-e55f-a12c-7dab-2a0c4e7708b1
For 51 years, members of the Altus, Ok community have been coming to Washington, D.C. to show their support for the U.S. Air Force.
Tomorrow I'll be offering an amendment to require that Congress ensure the solvency of Social Security for the next 75 years. Right now, the only guarantee Social Security recipients have is the Trust Fund - famously known as the 'Lock Box' - pictured here, and the IOUs in it. Like and share this if you think a filing cabinet full of IOUs is not enough.
I always enjoy meeting with constituents from Wisconsin.  We had a great group of very bright kids visit us today from Oakfield and Milton High Schools.
Thanks for visiting!
Check out my video explaining the Geolocation Privacy Act. The bill will protect your privacy rights and stop warrantless tracking. I reintroduced the bill today with Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon.
Senator Ron Wyden and my bill will stop warrantless GPS tracking and protect our constitutional rights to privacy.
To mark Nowruz, the Persian New Year, Canadian Member of Parliament Irwin Cotler and I call on the Iranian Government to uphold its international obligations and release its political prisoners.
I'm delighted that Mount Pulaski High School, Hubbard High School, Lane Tech High School, and Phoenix Military Academy came to visit my office. As part the Close Up Foundation Washington, DC High School Program, a group of 54 students and teachers from Illinois stopped by to share their views on everything from agriculture reform to gun violence. I  welcome the opinions of our nations future leaders and commend them on their civic engagement.
Freddie Mac's Libor lawsuit is the latest indication that the U.S. Treasury should reform interest rates to restore confidence in our financial system.
I joined Senator Leahy this week to introduce legislation that would strengthen the 27-year-old Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) and better protect digital privacy rights.  The bill eliminates the outdated “180-day” rule that calls for different legal standards for the government to obtain email content depending upon the age of an email, and it requires that the government notify an individual whose electronic communications have been disclosed within 10 days  of obtaining a search warrant. You can learn more about it here:
Here's my bracket - I'm taking Louisville over Kansas, though over the years I've been consistently wrong on March Madness
NA
Senator McConnell on Obamacare: Sen. McConnell ensured the Sen. Cruz amendment that would have defunded Obamacare received a vote and he was proud to support it. The CR zeroed out the President's request for additional funding for Obamacare. Sen. McConnell has gone to the floor over 100 times to talk about the broken promises of Obamacare and its need to be repealed.  He has stated over and over again his belief that Obamacare is a colossal mistake for our country and has voted numerous times to defund and fully repeal it and replace it with step-by-step common-sense reforms that Americans want.
McConnell: “If our schools are failing, America fails with them. Students, parents and communities in Kentucky and across America must demand schools put students first, produce results, and reward outstanding teachers. One successful approach that has been implemented in 42 states, but not in Kentucky, is the establishment of public charter schools.”
NA
Yesterday, I introduced bipartisan legislation with three Senate colleagues to the Conrad State 30 Program — a national initiative that permits states to recommend visa waivers for physicians recruited to care for patients in medically underserved communities. Access to physicians and other health care providers is essential to the survival and success of Kansas towns and rural communities across the country. Kansas hospitals have used this program for years to recruit physicians to their communities. By 2020, projections show the nation may fall short by as many as 200,000 doctors, which will be felt the hardest in rural areas in Kansas and across the nation.  Learn more about this bill via the link below.
Despite my efforts this week, my amendment to save FAA Contract Control Towers from closing on April 7, 2013 was blocked from a vote today by Democratic Leadership. The only expressed opposition has been from the Administration; it is clear that saving air traffic control towers from closure does not fit their message that spending cannot be cut without disastrous consequences. I have serious concerns that we have arrived at a point where leaders in Washington care more about their own political futures than the safety and well-being of Americans.   The fight is not over; the Contract Tower Program is one of the most efficiently-run programs in the FAA, and it should be protected from an arbitrary and unfair 75 percent cut. I will continue my work to make certain the Administration puts the safety of air travelers ahead of political messaging, and will actively encourage the FAA to accept appeals from the targeted airports. I have already spoken to the Chairperson of the Appropriations Committee to seek out other avenues to protect the 173 control towers slated for closure.   The United States Senate is a historic body with a legacy of allowing debate, discussion and amendment. I am hopeful the Senate will soon return to the days in which a Senator has the ability offer amendments on behalf of Americans and influence the outcome of important pieces of legislation.
It’s been a long negotiation- a lot of phone calls back and forth between myself and the Dept. of Interior and the administration- but I am now thrilled to report we have reached an agreement on the lifesaving road for King Cove residents where Interior will give it a second look, visit the area and listen to the residents there.  Watch here:
This video is worth a watch- Everyday I am reminded of how amazing Alaska is!
NA
Sadly, March Madness is an appropriate name for the Democrats' attempt at a budget. Trying to tax, spend, and borrow our way to prosperity does not work.
I joined my colleagues in calling on President Obama to reaffirm commitment to working closely with new government of Israel.
I want to thank Reps. Mulvaney, Amash, Massie, Duncan, Radel and Meadows for their support of my effort to begin the discussion on immigration reform.  Click below to read the letter I received from these colleagues.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/files/documents/RepsImmigrationLetter.pdf
I take a stand today for immigration reform. A stand that says I am willing to work with those who seek reform, but one that requires a plan to secure our borders once and for all.  Read more about my “Trust but Verify” immigration plan, in the op-ed I penned in the Washington Times.   http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/mar/20/paul-trust-verify-reform-immigration/
This morning, I appeared on Fox's America's Newsroom to discuss  immigration reform.  Watch below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkwAkwpzNXo
Last night on the floor my friend, Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions and I got into a lively discussion about the use of the word 'Balance' as we debate the Democrats budget proposal.  The Senate Democrats first budget in four years fails to be balanced in any sense of the word.   http://youtu.be/m8BLSZW8yYY
Good luck to Wichita State Men's Basketball and the whole Wichita State University community!  First Kansas team to tip off in the 2013 tournament!
Senator Rubio Says Modernizing Telecom Regulations Will Strengthen Middle Class By Increasing Digital Access: http://1.usa.gov/Y2gJmE
On Senate Floor, Rubio Outlines Budget Priorities And Introduces Six Amendments: http://1.usa.gov/YrMbKs
NA
Sen. Shelby held his 1,800th town hall meeting on Monday, March 18, 2013 http://yellowhammerpolitics.com/blog/shelby-holds-1800th-town-hall/
Sen. Sessions will be speaking TONIGHT at approximately 7:45 p.m. ET ahead of the vote on his motion to balance the Senate Democrat budget. There will be no caveats to how this should be accomplished, meaning Senators will have to accept or reject the very principle of balancing the federal budget within 10 years. Text of the motion follows:  Mr. Sessions moves to commit S. Con. Res. 8 back to the Committee on the Budget with instructions to report back no later than March 22, 2013 with such changes as may be necessary to achieve unified budget balance by fiscal year 2023.
Sessions Offers Motion To Send Murray Budget Back To Committee With Instruction To Balance In 10 Years:   “I would offer a motion to recommit this budget that’s on the floor today to the Committee with instructions that it be altered to produce a balanced budget. That’s what I think this nation needs. I think that is what the American people want, and that’s what we are determined to fight for… Members need to understand the meaning of this vote—the question will be, do you favor a balanced budget? Is it important to you? … Have you said in your town hall meetings, and in your campaigns, and in your debates, ‘I believe in a balanced budget amendment’ or ‘I believe in a balanced budget?’”
NA
Sen. Sessions is speaking on the Senate floor NOW to make a procedural motion to balance the Senate Democrat budget. Senators will have to accept or reject the goal of balancing the federal budget in 10 years. There will be no caveats to how this should be accomplished.
Sen. Sessions is speaking on the Senate floor NOW to make a procedural motion to balance the Senate Democrat budget. Senators will have to accept or reject the goal of balancing the federal budget in 10 years. There will be no caveats to how this should be accomplished.
NA
We just wanted to make sure everyone had a link to watch the Senate floor tonight debate tonight on the Chairman Murray budget proposal.  Senator Sessions is speaking now.
Sessions is currently speaking on the Senate floor about reducing poverty and creating growth.
Looking forward to seeing fellow residents of the Palmetto State at the grand opening of my new state office locations--hope you can make it out! http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341137
http://media.patch.com/blog_posts/media-theatres-state-street-miracles-perform-in-washington-dc
If you're in DC, I invite you to Russell's Rotunda tomorrow at noon to hear the Media Theatre State Street Miracles. The Miracles are a group of 14 adult singers who have intellectual disabilities. They've traveled from Media, Pa. for Intellectual Disability Awareness Month. I hope my colleagues in the Senate can take a break from the budget and enjoy their fantastic voices.
Looking forward to having 1,000+ employed at Volvo's North American sales headquarters in Shippensburg.
Steve Kelly, my regional manager for Central Pennsylvania, congratulates Volvo on its $100 million expansion. Steve attended the opening of their North American Sales headquarters in Shippensburg, Pa. This factory employs over 1,000 people.
According to a Commerce Department study, for every 1 job saved through our taxpayer-funded sugar subsidy, 3 confectionary manufacturing jobs are lost. I'm urging the Senate to end this wasteful subsidy.
See 3:50 on this. Good to know Jay Leno thinks America's sugar program needs reforming too.
Sadly, Washington Democrats' budget is a great recipe for a miserable economy.
What would you do with 400,000 tons of sugar?
Only in our government-sponsored sugar program do you buy high, sell low and leave taxpayers holding the sack.
ICYMI: The Scranton Times-Tribune agrees with me on the need to reform our sugar program. This program is a taxpayer bailout of big sugar. It's corporate welfare and government central planning at its worst.
Last night I spoke on the Senate floor about the urgent need for a balanced budget and a path to fiscal responsibility.  Watch here:  http://youtu.be/tlTkHoloIVo
