LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the NLRB ruling that Northwestern University football players are employees eligible to form a union is “absurd.”  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In the Wall Street Journal article, “Northwestern Football Players Get Approval to Unionize”: “Sen. Lamar Alexander (R., Tenn.), the senior Republican on the Senate labor committee and a former president of the University of Tennessee, called the NLRB decision ‘absurd.’  ‘Imagine a university's basketball players striking before a Sweet 16 game demanding shorter practices, bigger dorm rooms, better food and no classes before 11 a.m. This is an absurd decision that will destroy intercollegiate athletics as we know it.’" http://on.wsj.com/1eUXFin  
NA
  Today’s news on the prevalence of autism, affecting 1 in 68 children, is substantially worse than we ever thought. The CDC’s data has North Carolina as one of the states with the highest prevalence. Children and adults with autism face enormous daily challenges, and it is important that we do what we can to support these individuals and their families as they deal with the day-to-day struggles presented by autism spectrum disorders. That’s why Senator Casey and I introduced the ABLE Act.  It would allow families to use a 529 college savings account to save for ‘disability expenses’ – such as housing, education and medical expenses -- for a disabled child, including children living with autism. #1in68 #passtheABLEact 
I am pleased we have taken steps today in the Senate to assist Ukraine and send a clear message to the Russians that their aggressive actions are completely unacceptable. While President Obama signed an executive order that authorizes limited sanctions against those responsible, we must continue to seek ways to assist the Ukrainians and our allies in the region, including the additional sanctions outlined in this bill. There is an added sense of urgency as Russia continues to amass troops and militiamen at the border with Ukraine, a build-up that signifies that Putin seems to have every intention of further destabilizing the region. It is important to show the world that this aggression will not be tolerated.
Free File takes the taxing out of taxes and provides eligible taxpayers with free online individual income tax preparation and electronic filing services. This is an easy and convenient way to file a tax return or submit an extension. 
NA
A day later, I am still celebrating the good news announced by GE Aviation
#TBT to 2005 at the Congressional Shoot-Out, held in Prince George’s County, Maryland. #idpol
Senator Collins was pleased to meet with Girl Scout Troop 2322 from Gorham in her Washington, D.C. office today.  Sen. Collins was honored to receive a Maine State Girl Scouts patch from the troop, as well as a box of Thin Mints cookies—her favorite!
Cornyn Statement on Decision to List Lesser Prairie Chicken as Threatened: 
Cornyn, Colleagues Call on the President to Cancel All Contracts with Russian Arms Firm:
Government should not be in the business of licensing the news media. Like if you agree: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/03/26/Exclusive-Cornyn-Rips-Schumer-s-Media-Shield-Law 
Senator Corker met with 8th grade students from Goodpasture Christian School this morning on Capitol Hill.
Senator Corker will discuss Ukraine today on MSNBC’s “Daily Rundown” at 9:15 a.m. ET.  http://on.msnbc.com/1j544LH
Good news: a federal court has upheld TX abortion law. Without life, there is no liberty. #Stand4Life
#TBT to an earlier American Energy Renaissance. Now let’s have another.   Just filed the American Energy Renaissance Act: http://1.usa.gov/1h0I1yg
Why is the Department of Defense spending millions to develop algae fuel while at the same time eliminating Marine battalions to save money? 
This is a proud moment for the United States Senate. Republicans and Democrats agreed to send a unified message to the world: The United States will stand with the people of Ukraine and against Russia's aggression.   I hope we continue with proactive measures, such as signing a free trade agreement with Ukraine and exporting vital energy resources to the nation, to encourage economic growth in Ukraine and also benefit the United States.   We must, however, remain vigilant and continue to signal to Putin that we understand his larger agenda, and that the United States will vigorously defend our national security interests.
You encounter many wonderful things being a Dad to two little girls. Here's one: a Texas college student singing Frozen's "Let it Go"…in the voices of 21 different Disney characters.  Wow.  Caroline and Catherine loved it.
Making sure that the benefits promised to our veterans are delivered (3:00) and weeding out duplication in education spending (0:23) were the topics discussed in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video. Click the link below to find out more.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shouldn’t be passing more regulations until the American people know the damage the current regulations are causing. Senator John Barrasso and I cosponsored a bill introduced Wednesday by Senator Jim Inhofe, R-Okla., that would block the EPA from finalizing any new major regulation until the agency analyzes the economic impact of its current air regulations as required by the Clean Air Act. The EPA under this Administration has a track record of putting politics ahead of the economy and even the environment. It’s time that the EPA answer to the American people for the jobs lost and that we bring a halt to its heavy-handed brand of environmentalism. 
Lincoln County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office Friday, March 28. She will be at the Kemmerer Senior Center from 12:30 p.m. to 1:30 p.m. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Tip off time for my Elite #8ofWaste Tournament! Tell me what team you think represents a more egregious waste of your taxdollars - the O'Care Hawkers or the Amtrak FreeRiders?
Human Rights International "Human Rights Hero" Deanie Wlodek
Heartwarming video of Sgt. Matthew Salomons surprising his wife, Becca, at Memorial Stadium. Thank you for your service and Go Big Red!
NA
I wish Democrats would show some interest in how and why President Obama and Susan Rice got it so wrong about the true nature of the Benghazi attack.  I wish Democrats would show a little interest about why Secretary Clinton was clueless about the multiple security requests coming from Benghazi and how she allowed our mission to become a death trap.  I wish Democrats would show a little interest in finding out whether Mike Morell, the former #2 at the CIA, lied to Congress and the American people about a protest that never happened.  Democrats seem to be more interested in protecting the Obama Administration than they are in getting the truth.  If Republicans win a Senate majority in 2014, one of the first things I will insist on is hearings that actually get to the bottom of what happened before, during, and after the Benghazi attack.    The families of those who lost loved ones, and the American people, deserve nothing less than a full accounting.
NA
#RenewUI update:  Nevadans are hurting, and I hear every day how desperate so many are for some certainty from Congress on this issue. Today, the Senate overcame another hurdle and is one step closer to providing unemployed Americans some much-needed relief.  I am grateful to Senator Reed for his work up to this point and am extremely pleased that more Republicans joined us in today’s vote.  There is a lot of work to be done before these benefits become a reality.  With Democrats and Republicans working together, it is my hope that we can find a path forward that allows Congress to pass legislation that can be signed into law. I look forward to doing what I can to help make sure Nevadans are able to use these important benefits.   http://1.usa.gov/1jaG6Mv
“The safety of children on or off the reservation must be a priority for all of us. Our legislation puts in statute, without ambiguity and with respect to tribal customs and traditions, safeguards for vulnerable young people who through no fault of their own find themselves in need of care and compassion in foster care.”
Today the Senate took a critical first step towards providing necessary support to Ukraine and sending a signal condemning Russia. Conservatives also gained a victory today when language in the original package was removed that would have both unnecessarily increased US contributions to the International Monetary Fund and increased risk to our men and women in uniform by cutting $157 million from the Department of Defense to pay for non-defense costs. As we continue to stand with Ukraine, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to come together in the same bipartisan spirit to expedite our U.S. natural gas exports to the region. This will help provide long-term stability to Ukraine and Eastern Europe by reducing dependence upon Russian energy. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-senate-passage-of-ukraine-aid-bill
#TBT
Happy to be joining my friend @larry_kudlow in-studio tonight! #ThanksLarry #Kudlow @TheKudlowReport #CNBC http://t.co/KlMUVXNiVQ
Honored to join @larry_kudlow on his second to last night. It is always a pleasure to talk with you and hear your insight. -rj #thankslarry
What an honor! “@TheKudlowReport: Tonight on Kudlow! @SenRonJohnson is on set for the entire show as the final Kudlow Report guest host!”
Our intern Elizabeth had her swearing-in ceremony today. Congratulations Elizabeth!
Sen. Johnson is looking forward to joining @larry_kudlow tonight on @TheKudlowReport.  Tune into #CNBC at 6:00 pm CT!
Retweeted Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT):  Introducing resolution w @SenRonJohnson to condemn Turkish govt for stifling free speech, blocking @twitter @youtube #twitterblockedinturkey
If it's the Affordable Care Act, why is health insurance becoming less affordable and people losing access to care? http://t.co/X104TYcHhH
#TBT to before the #ACA when millions of Americans hadn’t yet lost the health care plans they had and liked. #ACAworks?
War on potatoes: It becomes clear that whenever the federal government tries to give help, it ends up issuing orders. http://t.co/n9MZ2oAWnH
This morning, I spoke with a U.S. Navy dad from #Illinois at constituent coffee about supporting 3 major #IL employers: Scott Air Force Base, Naval Station Great Lakes & Rock Island Arsenal.
Was able to meet #FlatSally this morning, sent to DC by Bryn Hartness of Miss Daly's 2nd Grade Class in #Illinois. http://instagram.com/p/mDNYv6sqGb/
This group of students came up to DC from Liberty University.  We had a great discussion about defending the Constitution and the danger of excessive regulations.  This was one of the highlights of my day, so I am glad they made the trip.
Wonderful news today: the World Health Organization has certified India as polio-free. The nation was home to roughly half the world’s polio cases just five years ago. This success is attributable to the efforts of the CDC and partner organizations including Rotary International and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. This collaboration is essential to the effort to eradicate polio across the globe. With continued commitment and determination, together we can put an end to this cruel disease.
Kansas is proud to welcome Mars Inc. to Topeka. The 500,000-square-foot facility is the first Mars Chocolate facility built in the United States in 35 years and will bring 200 jobs to Northeast Kansas. I'm excited Mars chose Topeka as its new home, and look forward to enjoying my favorite made-in-Kansas peanut M&M's for years to come.
Yesterday I had the opportunity to visit with parents of children in Kansas Head Start Association programs about the importance of education, particularly learning that takes place at an early age. High-quality early childhood education initiatives focused on the unique needs of students, families and communities foster a child’s development and provide a foundation of skills and good habits.
It was good to visit with members of the Kansas American Legion who are in Washington for the American Legion Conference this week. We discussed the importance of supporting veteran entrepreneurship, the need for physicians in rural communities, and frustration with the Department of Veterans' Affairs' (VA) handling of the claims backlog. Here, I'm pictured with David Thomas of Leavenworth and Elgin Wahlborg of Arkansas City.  David shared his story that he waited an unfathomable 44 years for the VA to accept and recognize his disability claim. I urge the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee to consider legislation I introduced — the 21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery Act — which delivers veteran service organization-approved measures to improve the VA and to end the claims backlog.
Good morning. I'm about to join Kelly Lenz on WIBW's Kansas Ag Network to discuss yesterday's Senate Appropriations Agriculture Subcommittee Hearing and the conversation I had with U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
Congratulations to Gregg Marshall on his well deserved recognition as national coach of the year and his historic 2013-2014 basketball season at Wichita State.
Making sure I am prepared, even in DC.
Gerri from my Mat-Su office Chooses Respect
Choose Respect march in Wasilla
Heading to the Senate Floor soon to talk about the 1964 earthquake.  As we mark this anniversary, we remember those who perished in the Good Friday Earthquake.  We need to make sure we are prepared for the worst, should we ever face a similar disaster in the future.  Watch live on GCI channel 17 or online:
Today my offices across Alaska and in Washington and be participating in the Choose Respect march.   We know that marching alone will not stop the epidemic of domestic violence and sexual assault in our state, but if we give just one Alaskan the strength to leave a bad situation, we will have been successful.  I will be marching in DC. Where will you march?
Striking down the Tongass National Forest’s exemption to the roadless rule was a terrible decision when it was made more than two years ago. The people of Southeast Alaska knew it, and so did the state, which is why they acted so quickly to file an appeal to that decision. Southeast’s economy has suffered greatly since that ruling, so today’s decision by the Ninth Circuit is a welcome one. It’s just too bad it had to get to this point in the first place. 
Yesterday,  Senator Levin and I officially launched the Senate Auto Caucus. Ohio is proud to be the 2nd largest auto-producing state.
via Politico
In case you missed it: Last night, I joined Sean Hannity on Fox News to discuss Obamacare as an epic failure. Need more examples of Obamacare horror stories? See my post below.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaSa9iHypdo 
"My 11-year-old brown Labrador was getting the kind of treatment that I could only dream of."  MUST READ: ' Why I'm jealous of My Dog's Insurance' http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/26/opinion/why-im-jealous-of-my-dogs-insurance.html?_r=0
This is what a new manufacturer looks like. New employees in new jobs. Hundreds of new, high quality jobs in Kansas. Welcome to Topeka, Mars Candy Co. We are very glad you're here.
Senator Rubio Comments On CDC Autism Prevalence Report: http://1.usa.gov/QkO3F5  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) latest autism prevalence report:   “Autism awareness and research is a cause that has long been near and dear to my heart. In fact, it’s the last issue I worked on in the closing hours of my service in the Florida Legislature and I remain supportive of those struggling with the disorder. In the midst of the CDC’s latest prevalence report showing a dramatic increase in the number of families affected by autism, we are reminded of why this issue needs greater attention. At a time when the only commonality in Washington seems to be its divisiveness, there is no better reason for us to come together than to ensure a promising future for our children.   “According to today’s report, autism affects one in 68 children every year — nearly a 30% increase from two years ago. Autism is a disorder that does not discriminate; it affects every race, ethnicity and income level. It affects real people, with real families who face real struggles, and it operates on a broad spectrum, manifesting itself in many different ways. While we may not have the science or medicine to prevent it at this time, our understanding of what it means to have autism is only improving. This encourages us to work toward helping those struggling with the disorder — which is exactly what the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act aims to do.   “Today’s announcement highlights the experiences of families affected by autism and the need for a national strategy to address the issue. The ABLE Act, which would ease financial strains by providing tax-free savings accounts for people with disabilities, is a simple solution that offers significant and meaningful support.    “It has been a long-held American belief that we must be a voice for those who struggle to find their own. As a society, we must never accept that a person may be unable to fulfill their full potential because of the circumstances of their birth. Helping those with disabilities, particularly children, is something that distinguishes us as a country, and it is a value we must work to maintain.   “Today, I am proud to stand with the autism community and I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate to respond to this public health crisis.” 
Senator Rubio Delivers Floor Speech On Crisis In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1dyF659  Rubio: “I hope we can get passage of [the legislation] here on the floor so we can send a clear signal to the people of Venezuela: The people of the United States of America are on your side, we support your cause, we will not forget what you are going through, we will not abandon your aspirations. We stand for the liberty and the freedom of all people, including those who do not live here with us.”
Shelby affirms Navy Secretary’s thumbs up to Alabama-built Littoral Combat Ship  “I was pleased to hear Secretary Mabus reaffirm the Navy’s need for this critical capability and praise the work done thus far on LCS.”  Read the full press release here: http://1.usa.gov/1hZWn4e 
NA
Congressional Budget Office: Interests payments on the federal debt to dwarf virtually every federal expense
ICYMI: Sen. Sessions released a detailed report yesterday on the Administration’s non-enforcement of immigration laws. The report concluded: “The Administration’s actions are breathtaking and without precedent. American citizens have both a legal and moral right to the protection our immigration laws afford; those rights have been systematically ignored, resulting in a massive loss of income and wages for the most vulnerable Americans. The Administration has abandoned its duty to faithfully execute the law and protect U.S. sovereignty, resulting not only in a collapse of immigration enforcement but a grave jeopardy to the American system of law and justice itself.”
#tbt Waving the start flag at the Coca Cola 600 last year. #throwbackthursday
Enjoyed Skyping with 5th graders at Grove Elementary in Piedmont yesterday morning--here's a clip
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have introduced a resolution honoring the life and heroism of Wild Bill Guarnere and the members of Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division. Philly’s “Wild Bill” was one of the last of this Band of Brothers.  He came home without a leg, eschewed the term hero and served as an advocate for veterans once they returned from war.  All Americans can be proud of this magnificent unit, which counted 12 original members from Pennsylvania. Our resolution is here: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1312
Thanks to Ron Alvarado, Chairman of Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and Varsovia Fernandez, President and CEO of the Greater Philadelphia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce for taking time to meet yesterday in Washington.
Thad Cochran and I are cosponsoring legislation that would prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from finalizing any major Clean Air Act regulation without considering its economic impact.
