Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen are calling on the Department of Commerce to reconsider its decision to require drastic quota reductions designed to end overfishing of Gulf of Maine cod and haddock in 2013. In a joint letter, the New Hampshire Senators called on the Department of Commerce to reconsider the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) decision which threatens the survival of New Hampshire's fishing industry and the economic well-being of its coastal communities.
NA
KY3 reported on my meetings with Southwest Missouri defense contractors in Springfield who are concerned about the ways in which potential sequestration cuts will impact the region.
It’s been said that failing to plan is planning to fail. Yet that’s exactly what Senate Democrats have done as they have failed to pass a federal budget for almost 4 years. Read my op-ed in Politico today about the need for the Senate to rein in reckless spending.
LIKE and SHARE this status if you think the administration needs to approve the Keystone XL pipeline to create jobs and bring down energy costs.
Op-Ed: In addition to dealing with our debt and deficit, another priority for this congress must be to reform our entitlement programs.  Social Security must be improved to protect current recipients and strengthen it for future generations.  Medicare and Medicaid are both on insolvent tracks and we cannot wait until the last minute to reform these vital programs.
Will be on Fox & Friends at 8:15 et/7:15ct to talk about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, tune in if you can
I appreciate the good work that senators in both parties have put into trying to fix our broken immigration system. There are some good elements in this proposal, especially increasing the resources and manpower to secure our border and also improving and streamlining legal immigration.   However, I have deep concerns with the proposed path to citizenship. To allow those who came here illegally to be placed on such a path is both inconsistent with rule of law and profoundly unfair to the millions of legal immigrants who waited years, if not decades, to come to America legally.
Russia has recently banned the U.S. from participating in inter-country adoptions of Russian children. I recently joined a bipartisan group of legislators in sending a letter to both President Obama and President Vladimir Putin of Russia in requesting that each do their best to ensure pending adoption cases involving Russian children matched with U.S. families be completed prior to the enactment of the Russian ban. For those children who have already met, bonded with, and prepared for their families in the U.S., it would be in their best interest to complete these cases. Click on the link below to read both letters.
Government contracting is a great way to expand business sales into a multi-billion dollar federal market, and learning more about it is simple: attend the 2013 Government Resources and Opportunities for Business (GRO-Biz) Conference and Idea Expo, which will be held in Cody at the Holiday Inn from February 19-21. Click below to learn more.
Big Horn, Park and Washakie County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Karen McCreery from my Cody office Wednesday, January 30 and Friday, February 1. She will be at the Greybull Public Library from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m., and at the Worland City Hall from 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. on Wednesday, January 30. She will be at the Powell City Hall from 8:30 a.m. to 9:30 a.m., and the Cody City Hall from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. on Friday, February 1. For more information, call 307-527-9444.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Forcing Americans to purchase products by federal law is a dangerous precedent. I believe it is important to curb this government power, which is why I’m cosponsoring the American Liberty Restoration Act. This will repeal the individual health insurance mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, set to go into effect in 2014.
NA
NA
NA
Thursday, January 3, 2013
I hope the third time is the charm.  I have enjoyed working with my Senate colleagues in drafting these principles and believe we are off to a good start. The bipartisan immigration principles represent a real breakthrough on substance and I hope they will be seen as a breakthrough in forming a political coalition to finally solve our immigration problems. The coalition must also include the President and the House of Representatives.   My hope is immigration reform will start in the Senate and receive an overwhelming bipartisan vote. We’re a long way from having legislative language but I do believe 2013 presents us the best chance to pass immigration reform in many years.    The time is right and the way forward, while difficult is being better defined by the day, and with a reasonable amount of political give and take we will be successful. However, if for some reason we fail in our efforts to pass comprehensive immigration reform I do believe it will be many years before anyone is willing to try and solve this problem.   We should start this new attempt hopeful and with full understanding how difficult the task is.
Runaway spending drives deficits and debts
Senators press for EU trade talks to address agriculture
Driver of deficit&debt is runaway sending. Need Pres Obama   to focus on spending problem like Sen Obama in 3-16-06 speech abt #debtceiling
Federal officials say Chelsea Housing misused $7 million in grants and they want the money back
Senator Grassley prods U.S. CFTC watchdog on sloppy auditing
“As North Dakota, the number two oil-producing state in the nation, helps to provide fuel and electricity for our nation, impacts on the aviation infrastructure of this region must be addressed."
The Washington Post ran my op-ed on why Hagel is the wrong man for Secretary of Defense. I hope you'll take a moment to read: http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/chuck-hagel-is-the-wrong-man-to-be-defense-secretary/2013/01/25/3cad74e8-671d-11e2-85f5-a8a9228e55e7_story.html
If the administration will stop obstructing energy exploration and production in America, we could be well on our way to energy independence and much-needed economic growth. I sent a letter asking Sec. Chu to stand behind the findings of the National Economic Research Associates Economic Consulting report which outlines the public benefits of exporting Liquid Natural Gas (LNG): http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=69261112-b133-c805-b011-af15078abf26&Region_id=&Issue_id=
I strongly condemn the sentencing of  Pastor Saeed. The United States must sanction the Iranian judge Pir-Abbasi
In Case You Missed It: Check out my interview with Martha Raddatz on ABC's This Week. http://abcnews.go.com/ThisWeek/video/sen-john-mccain-week-18328946
Saturday, I presented the Wichita Aero Club Trophy to Airbus Americas Engineering and its vice president of engineering, John O’ Leary. It was good to celebrate the contributions Airbus has made over the past 10 years to the Wichita, Kansas, community and to our state.
I always enjoy having young Alaskans contribute in my Washington, DC office -- they bring such energy and creativity.  Today is the first day of the Senate's spring page program, and I'm proud to introduce Kathryn Robinson of Fairbanks who is going to do important work for my office through June. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=d3564bff-a60c-4939-b544-0ac4f8214a9f
Today I cosponsored the Justice and Mental Health Collaboration Act, bipartisan legislation that will make communities safer by improving access to mental health services for people in the criminal justice system who need treatment. By helping the nation’s criminal justice system work with its mental health system, this bill will help reduce the rates of repeat offenders and improve safety for law enforcement officials.  As a Congressman in the House of Representatives, I co-authored the Second Chance Act to help former inmates turn their lives around, become productive members of society, and strengthen communities.  In order to enhance those efforts, we need to make sure that those who need access to mental health treatment do not go unnoticed so that they receive the proper care they deserve. This bill encourages safer communities not only by increasing access to mental health care treatment, but also by ensuring that our law enforcement officers are properly trained to handle mental health crises.  You can read more about it here: http://1.usa.gov/WtnUmg
Congratulations to the nearly 4000 employees at the General Motors Fairfax Assembly Plant, GM Chairman Dan Akerson, the KCK Unified Government represented by Mayor Joe Reardon, U.S. Rep. Kevin Yoder and Governor Sam Brownback on the announcement of a $600 million investment in Kansas. The Fairfax plant is a crown jewell of General Motors.
Senator Rubio Discusses Principles For Immigration Reform: http://1.usa.gov/VstCXN : Video: http://bit.ly/Xao6Vz  Rubio: “I can just tell you that my view of it, and I think it’s reflected in the principles, is we clearly want to make sure that the enforcement mechanisms happen. And one of the things that we all hear from people is, ‘Well, you’re going to do the legalization part but you won’t do the enforcement part.’ And so we think the best way to guarantee that people feel comfortable with that is to put in place the following: an understanding that, in fact, the visa entry and exit system – which is something everyone recognizes needs to be done – and real progress in terms of having real improvement at the border are two things that are critical and that people need to see certified before we move to the final stage in the process. Not the legalization stage, but the green card process. Because I think that answers that question. And we are going to be realistic about that but we also want to be meaningful about that.”
Sen. Sessions also opened debate on the Senate floor today about this topic; video highlights will be posted here later this evening.
NA
A special thanks to plant manager Amy Smith-Yoder and U.S. Steel Mon Valley general manager Scott Buckiso for taking me on a tour of the Irving Plant (photo courtesy of Jason Cohn).
I had a terrific visit to U.S. Steel's Irvin Plant in West Mifflin this morning, where I was happy to accept the National Association of Manufacturers Award for Legislative Excellence. Folks who are in the manufacturing are playing such an important role in restoring our economy.
Now is the time to pass a permanent ban on earmarks. We can't afford to allow Congress to resume this practice and play pork-barrel politics with taxpayer dollars.
ICYMI, Chester County's Daily Local News on my congressional term limits bill. Thanks for the roses!
On Friday, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ruled that Pres. Obama's so-called recess appointments were unconstitutional. I spoke with Fox News about what the ruling means. See it here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvBE7Udy2is&list=UUIlKHiTjSkcQP_knBcXHWSg&index=1
