LIKE or SHARE if you agree: “Washington works best when it listens more, and lectures less.”   Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and Sens. Alexander and Barrasso wrote to Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam, chairman of the Republican Governors Public Policy Committee, asking Republican governors for their input and ideas for alternatives to Obamacare’s mandates, taxes and higher premiums if Congress were able to repeal the law and replace it with real reform.   They wrote: “As Republicans, we believe that Washington works best when it listens more, and lectures less. That is why we write . . . to ask Republican governors to share with us how Obamacare is impacting your states and solicit your thoughts on how we can work together on policies to replace Obamacare with commonsense, step-by-step reforms that will lower costs and increase access to care.” http://1.usa.gov/LfwMtn 
NA
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that parents should have more freedom to choose a better school for their child.  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT  - Yesterday at the American Enterprise Institute, Sen. Alexander introduced the “Scholarships for Kids” Act, legislation that would allow states to creates scholarships out of existing federal education dollars to follow 11 million low-income children to the schools they attend. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1aIxOur
NA
Glad to hear Julia Krass of Hanover is on her way to Sochi to compete with the U.S. Olympic ski team!  New Hampshire will be cheering for her.  
I spoke on the floor this week about common-sense health care solutions to replace ObamaCare. We need to repeal this train wreck and replace it with health care policies that work for you.
Last night I joined The Kudlow Report to discuss the Patient CARE Act. Video below.  
Today in a piece on The Hill, The Center for Health & Economy finds that the Patient CARE Act would lower premiums while covering roughly the same number of people as Obamacare. 
If you missed me on Bill LuMaye yesterday afternoon, you can listen to the full clip here. #PatientCAREAct 
Members of my staff will be in Sullivan, Linton, Rockport, and Tell City next week to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. Details below:  Monday, February 3   What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Sullivan Time: 12:00 p.m. – 1:00 p.m. EST Location: Sullivan County Library Annex: 100 S. Crowder St, Sullivan, IN 47882  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Linton Time: 2:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. EST Location: Linton-Stockton Chamber of Commerce: 159 1st St, Linton, IN 47441  Tuesday, February 4  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Rockport Time: 3:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. CST Location: Spencer County Public Library: 210 Walnut St, Rockport, IN 47635  Thursday, February 6  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Tell City Time: 2:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. CST Location: Perry County Chamber of a Commerce: 601 Main St. Suite A, Tell City, IN 47586
NA
NA
125 years ago today, Idaho’s land-grant university was founded. Happy Birthday to the University of Idaho!
Cold DC Day. Could go for some Campbell Soup right now. Wish I was in Paris, TX. #TBT
Jan. 28th, 2014
Cornyn: Criminal Navigators Confirm Worst Fears:
Sen. Cornyn reacts to the State of the Union on WOAI:
Is the Department of Justice taking the investigation of IRS targeting of conservatives seriously?  Watch and SHARE!
I am pleased that Attorney General Holder has decided to seek the death penalty in the case against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. It is crucial that the United States send a message across the world that terrorists who seek to attack our homeland and bring harm to our citizens will be brought to justice and receive the severest punishment under our laws. My continued prayers are with the victims impacted by the attack at the Boston Marathon last year.
Tragic: Video of employees at a Pennsylvania company learning what Obamacare will mean for their health care costs. #FullRepeal
What state has led the nation in job growth for four straight years?   Texas. Washington should take notes. #MakeDCListen
One by one, the architects of Obamacare are retiring from Congress. #FullRepeal
If we're standing to defend the Constitution, that brings together Republicans across every stripe, whether they are conservatives or libertarians or right in the middle -- that brings together independents and moderates.
There seems to be a disconnect between this Administration and the real-world effects of its high-minded ideological policies. Coal provides the majority of the nation’s energy, yet the EPA seems focused on regulating coal out of existence even if this action does very little to improve air quality. There are more reasonable ways to improve the environment than ruining an industry and causing everyone’s cost of living to go up. I joined Senator John Barrasso, Senator Roy Blunt and others in sending a letter asking President Obama to call off his EPA attack dog because it’s hurting people who are just trying to make a living. 
NA
Enjoyed a candid discussion today with SOCOM Commander Admiral McRaven. We talked about the priorities and posture of U.S. Special Operations Forces, which the Emerging Threats and Capabilities subcommittee will hold a hearing on later this year.
Millions of Americans are hurting from the effects of Obamacare yet President Obama barely mentioned it in his State of the Union address. Scrapping this law should be a priority for the Senate. Anything short of that is unacceptable.
Yesterday I sat down with Charles Woods, the father of Ty Woods, one of the four Americans killed in Benghazi.    We spoke about what I learned from my recent interview with a Benghazi survivor and why this tragedy deserves a joint Select Committee to fully investigate this matter.
Sen Reid sinks Obama effort for trade promotion. State of union positive on tpa. PresObama needs 2 step up & demand Reid move tpa.
Thanks to the National Association of Wheat Growers for award. Enjoyed speaking with you today about continued progress of Farm Bill and its positive provisions for North Dakota producers.
MDU’s Dakota Pipeline and energy infrastructure like it will help us capture more gas, reduce flaring, and provide North Dakotans with an additional margin of safety during very cold weather. Not only North Dakota, but the entire nation needs that kind of energy security and reliability.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-mdu-resources-new-pipeline-the-kind-of-energy-infrastructure-america-needs 
The decision to release more LIHEAP funding to North Dakota is a significant and positive development for many of our state’s residents, especially our reservations. This winter’s harsh weather conditions and propane shortages have created considerable financial burdens for many families trying to heat their homes, and the additional allocation of LIHEAP dollars will help ensure that North Dakotans can pay their energy bill and stay warm.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-welcomes-hhs-decision-to-provide-3-4-million-in-energy-assistance-to-north-dakotans-facing-cold-weather-propane-shortages
A home or a business is one of a person’s most valued possessions, which is why families and businesses need reliable and affordable flood insurance rates. It is very important that we have affordable flood insurance, not only for all North Dakotans, but for all Americans. The bill we’ve just passed works to maintain reasonable premium rates, and with the inclusion of our amendment, also makes sure people get credit for the work they’ve already done to protect their basements.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-senate-passes-legislation-preventing-flood-insurance-rate-increases
Discussed higher education and research projects for keeping the Great Lakes clean with Loyola University Chicago's president, Fr. Michael Garanzini.
NA
This is a follow-up discussion about my exchange from yesterday with Attorney General Holder regarding the President's abuse of executive power. If enacting his agenda requires unprecedented and lawless exercises of executive power in order to bypass Congress and the American people, then perhaps his agenda is too radical for the American people.  
Cindy and I had a great time with our old friends Henry and Nancy Kissinger last night.
NA
Alaskan and Olympic Cross Country Skiier Kikkan Randall could be the flag bearer at the Sochi Olympic Opening Ceremonies! So vote for her and start getting geared up for the Olympics, which start in one week!
Hosted lunch for Republican Senators today featuring Ohio favorites Skyline & Graeters. Check out the takeaway gifts and follow me on Instagram: http://instagram.com/senrobportman 
Proud to join U.S. Senator Tim Kaine to lead the Career & Tech Ed Caucus. We must narrow the skills gap to get Americans back to work. 
Our prayers and condolences tonight are with the Watson family, their friends and neighbors, and the entire Muhlenberg County community following the horrific fire in Depoy.  Calvary Baptist Church in Central City has partnered with Old National Bank to establish a benefit fund for the Watson family. Donations can be made at any Old National Bank location.
In case you missed it, I joined Eric Bolling on Fox News to discuss President Obama's threats for more executive action and the State of the Union. I also announced who I'll be pulling for during Sunday's Super Bowl.  Watch HERE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONkN-VqoJi8&feature=c4-overview&list=UUeM9I-20oWUs8daIIpsNHoQ
Sneak Peak at my column in Intercollegiate Review:   "America needs a new generation of leaders to defend the Constitu­tion, defend individual liberty and defend the freedom and prosperity that have made our country the beacon of the world."  http://www.intercollegiatereview.com/index.php/2014/01/30/sneak-peek-at-the-irs-newest-issue-rand-pauls-challenge-to-students/
In case you missed it: I joined Fox's Sean Hannity last night to discuss the State of the Union, the future of the Republican party and Benghazi.  Watch my two-part interview below.  Part 1: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhvRACCWd6s Part 2: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XskN0s_ylvI
Today I introduced legislation to to preserve state education autonomy by prohibiting the federal government from coercing states to adopt education standards like Common Core.    Setting high standards for our schools, our teachers and our children is the right thing to do, but those standards should be decided in Kansas, without bribes or mandates from Washington. We need to get the federal government out of the classroom, and return community decisions back to where they belong - in the community.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A15AWkziff8&feature=youtu.be  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6b189f99-cd40-4f5f-bc69-01d1eec3ac95
During the State of the Union, the President didn’t mention, not once, the tragedy in #Benghazi. Americans deserve to know what happened.
Senator Rubio Marks National Slavery & Human Trafficking Prevention Month, Pushes For Reforms In Child Welfare Systems: http://1.usa.gov/1fpQkGU  Rubio said, “In South Florida, our community knows all too well how much of a problem this is. Just this month, a human trafficking ring was busted at a Miami Beach strip club. Their victim was a 13-year old girl. 13 years old.    “It seems unconscionable that anyone would target and exploit our precious children like this. But they do, and we need to do more to stop it,” Rubio continued. “Last year, Congress took an important step to combat human trafficking by reauthorizing landmark legislation. But significant gaps remain.    “That’s why I’ve introduced ‘The Strengthening the Child Welfare Response to Human Trafficking Act’ – a bill to combat sex and labor trafficking in child welfare systems across the country. And we need your support to pressure Congress to get it passed and signed into law this year,” Rubio added.  
Here's a link to the immigration packet Sen. Sessions put together as House Republicans prepare to debate "immigration principles." Folks are encouraged to read, share, and distribute the important information it contains.
Interested in attending our non-partisan event honoring America's Black Senators next month?   RSVP information here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-host-event-honoring-america%E2%80%99s-black-senators-during-black-history
In case you missed it, I talked with Greta Van Susteren yesterday evening on Fox about my new CHOICE Act--expanding school choice for parents to give kids a better chance  http://youtu.be/YUNd8oy8il4
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, with constituents at a casework event in PA State Rep. Doyle Heffley's office. My office regularly holds events like this across the state. Check your local newspaper for a casework day near you!
Behind-the-scenes video: talking to PA TV about the State of the Union address #SOTU
"There's nothing affordable about it."  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/watch-employees-pennsylvania-company-learn-increased-health-costs-due-obamacare_775944.html
Newtown, Pa.'s Nathan Bartholomay headed to Sochi!  Bobsled driver Jamie Greubel is from Newtown too.  WOW. Good luck.  Go Team USA.  http://tinyurl.com/qhxy8k4
I just voted for the “Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act,” which would delay skyrocketing price increases in flood insurance premiums on American homeowners, including many in Mississippi.
