During the next few weeks, Senator Ayotte is visiting businesses across the state as part of her ongoing dialogue with New Hampshire business owners,  focusing on ways to help Granite State businesses succeed and grow.  Check back here for updates and on Twitter using the #AyotteTour hashtag.
NA
In this edition of 'From the Mailbag' we discuss what issues Congress will have to resolve when it returns from the August work period and our goals to rein in federal spending.
Looking forward to kicking off my annual ag tour next week. We've got a lot of work ahead of us on the farm bill conference committee so this will be vital to get firsthand updates on the needs of our agriculture communities.
We're starting off the day in Monroe County with a tour of the  Cache River Reconstruction.
During my stay in Lewiston earlier this month, I had the  opportunity to visit with members of the Clearwater Basin Collaborative group.  This working group includes timber companies, county officials, the Nez Perce Tribe, motorized recreation groups, sportsmen, conservationists and preservation groups that are working together to find consensus-based solutions for better land management.  The group recently reached a broad agreement and I commend them for their hard work and offer encouragement and support as they enter the next phase.
Sen. Cornyn Discusses Texas Voter ID Laws and Justice for Ft. Hood Victims on KPRC:
Chron: John Cornyn Blasts Justice Department’s Move to Block ID Law:
FLASHBACK (Video): Cornyn tells AG Holder to Resign:
Cornyn Response to Texas Voter ID Lawsuit from Justice Department:
Cornyn: "Texans deserve the freedom to make our own laws and we deserve not to be insulted by an Admin committed to scoring cheap political points”
Cornyn: "As Texans we reject the notion that the federal government knows what’s best for us."
Cornyn on voter ID suit: “Facts mean little to a politicized Justice Dept bent on inserting itself into the sovereign affairs of Texas"
It’s "Throwback Thursday" on Instagram! To follow Senator Corker, visit http://instagram.com/senbobcorker. In honor of Tennessee students going back to school this month, we thought we’d share one of Bob Corker’s school pictures. #tbt
Today's decision by the U.S. Department of Justice to sue Texas is, sadly, only the latest manifestation of the DOJ's increasing politicization under this Administration. The U.S. Supreme Court has expressly held that voter ID laws are constitutional, and DOJ’s decision today to attack Texas’ voter ID program is contrary to law.  Americans overwhelmingly support voter ID laws because they understand that voter fraud weakens our democracy, and unfortunately it is often minority voters who are the victims of that fraud. The Department of Justice should not be working to undermine the integrity of our elections.
A tremendous honor to recognize Richard Overton, our nation's oldest living veteran, for his dedicated service at the grand opening of the Austin VA clinic.
Privileged to tour the National Instruments facility in Austin this morning.
We've got to get economic growth back in this country. Speaking with Austin high tech sector about how that starts with stopping Obamacare. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
FACT: Under Obamacare millions of seniors will face HIGHER premiums.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
The new expansion to Memorial Stadium is completed just in time to kick off Huskers football 2013 season! Go Big Red!
Thanks to Green Plains Renewable Energy for inviting me to participate in the ribbon cutting for its new plant opening yesterday in Atkinson. This new facility will provide good jobs to help grow a stronger Nebraska.
I also attended the grand opening of Green Plains Ethanol Plant and joined the Hoffman family for dinner at their home.
Great to spend time in the communities of Ainsworth and Bassett to hear thoughts & ideas from Nebraskans, including friends and neighbors.
After overnite w Attorney General Schmidt the family Barb and I visited Dole Center at UKansas.  Reminder of what a great statesman He was
We encourage eligible North Dakota high school students to apply to participate in the historic and prestigious United States Senate Youth Program that is held each year in Washington, D.C. This program offers two of North Dakota’s brightest students the unique opportunity to represent our state as they meet with their peers from across the country to gain a firsthand look at our democratic system of government, expand their knowledge and cultivate the skills that will serve them well in their future studies and professional endeavors.
Great article by  The Cornell Daily Sun about last years Chicago State University Entrepreneurial Idol champion 
 
 http://cornellsun.com/section/news/content/2013/08/20/sen-mark-kirk-81-bolsters-entrepreneurship-chicago
WGN News Poll: 71% of viewers agree that the #ATF should help fight #gangs and reduce #violence in #Illinois. Share if you agree.
Share if you agree: Congress should pass bill to grant #Polish citizens unrestricted travel to #US.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=843
I have had some great discussions with some of Utah's largest employers about immigration, healthcare, tax reform, and other important issues.
After the great turnout in Spanish Fork last night, I am looking forward to another great town hall tonight in Plain City at 7:00 p.m MST.  If you can't attend, you can watch the live stream on Facebook by clicking on my profile page and clicking the Ustream Live link.
Full house at my Spanish Fork town hall tonight.
We had to start my town hall meeting in Spanish Fork a little late tonight.  So many people arrived, we had to move to a bigger location.  It is streaming online now:
I enjoyed meeting with a great group of Utahns that showed up to my town hall tonight.
My town hall in Spanish Fork will be starting at 7:00 p.m.  If you are unable to make it, I will be broadcasting it live on my Ustream channel: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senator-mike-lee-tv
‘Kentucky is one of only eight states that do not have public charter schools, but with your knowledge and expertise, I hope we can change that’
On the heels of Americans’ anger over revelations that the IRS intentionally targeted certain groups, it has been brought to my attention that the IRS is now turning their sights toward our nation’s veterans. The IRS is attempting to audit Veteran Service Organizations, particularly American Legion posts nationwide, requiring private member military service forms. If an American Legion post is unable or not willing to turn over this personal information, it’s possible they could face a fine of $1,000 per day. I am deeply concerned about this revelation and will insist on answers. This policy seems to be crafted with the oversight of Lois Lerner and deserves, at a minimum, a thorough look to make certain the IRS is not overstepping bounds of privacy and respect for our nations heroes.
Around 9:30 a.m. CT, I'll be speaking with KKAN/KQMA Radio's Tad Felts. I hope you'll listen live.
As I traveled across Northwest Kansas yesterday, I spoke with KRVN 880 Rural Radio's Dave Schroeder about the Farm Bill and ongoing drought. Listen to my interview here.
Happy I could help open the new Samuel Simmonds Memorial Hospital in Barrow today.  It's a beautiful and important new facility that I know will do great things for the people of the region.
Celebrating 26 years with Verne here at the top of the world. We are in Barrow for the opening of the new hospital. Its a big day all around, and I am so glad that after two and a half decades together we still enjoy all our state has to offer every chance we get.
So sad to hear that one of my favorite Fairbanks TV news people will be leaving us soon.  Darryl Lewis Sr., I wish you the best of luck in your new adventures.  The Golden Heart City is losing one of its biggest hearts, and I join all of Fairbanks in saying ‘thank you’ for your work over the years.
Great to visit Ford CLE Engine plant and learn more about innovative work there. Good tour and roundtable discussion with plant and UAW leadership.
Just wrapped up a great townhall with BASF employees.  Talked about energy efficiency, Obamacare and other issues.
In Beachwood visiting BASF to see research that's being done in Ohio and being put to use around the world.
With Mayor Franklin and Matt Martin from TNP touring Warren and discussing legislation which would clean up blighted neighborhoods that need help.
Starting today meeting with constituents in the Mahoning Valley at a community coffee in Warren. Glad to hear their feedback & ideas.
I was in Cambridge yesterday learning how Quanex Building Products helps save energy in Ohio and around the globe.
NA
I was pleased to join the Garden City Area Chamber of Commerce today.
I had a great day yesterday with the Great Bend Chamber of Commerce. We toured local employers Fuller Brush, CPI-Qualified Plan Consultants and ended up at the Raptor Center at the Great Bend Zoo.
Rubio: We Need To Put A Brake On This ObamaCare Disaster: http://1.usa.gov/16QZr0Z
#ThrowbackThursday Walking through (literally) my speech backstage before talking to CPAC 2013 about unleashing opportunity in our communities
 
 Watch the speech here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Dy405kjoU4
Jumping on WISR 680 AM in a few with Dave Malarkey. We'll talk coal, energy & ObamaCare. Hope you'll tune in.
Going on 90.5 WESA Essential Pittsburgh in just a few. Hope you can listen in!
Terrific news from the United States Army: BAE Systems, Inc. in York County has been awarded a nearly $150 million contract for 49 HERCULES recovery vehicles. The Army has made a wise decision, and BAE employees in York County will not let them down. I have seen firsthand that the workforce is committed to providing the very best equipment to our service members.
NA
