Sen. Alexander announced that he's cosponsor of a bill offered by Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, that would suspend certain military sales to Egypt, including the F-16, until the administration certifies that Egypt has met specific commitments.  “I am cosponsoring Sen. Inhofe’s proposal to delay the sale or transfer of these F-16s and tanks to Egypt while we secure key commitments from Egypt because it is absolutely necessary during this dangerous time of transition,” Alexander said. “If we don’t handle the crisis in Egypt correctly, we risk both our own security interests and the security of our allies, especially Israel.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=7b0f901a-37e9-45c7-9914-d17354091d96
Alexander: “Get the Government Out of the Economy’s Way”  Today, Sen. Alexander announced he is an original cosponsor of a bill in the U.S. Senate that he said would help reduce the negative impact excessive regulation has on the economy. “For too long, the federal government has been throwing a big, wet blanket over the economy with unrealistic regulations that burden businesses,” Alexander said. “The best thing we can do to create more jobs for Tennesseans is to get the government out of the economy’s way.” http://tinyurl.com/aqrysye
I also appeared on MSNBC’s Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd to discuss my decision to vote against Senator Hagel. Please share your thoughts and questions below.
Take a moment to watch my interview with Martha MacCallum on Fox News today regarding my decision to vote against Senator Hagel for Secretary of Defense.
Senator Hagel’s answers before the Armed Services Committee yesterday were simply too inconsistent, particularly as they related to Iran and Israel. The idea that we can contain a nuclear Iran and his view that we should not have unilateral sanctions are just wrong and are too dangerous for us to try. I admire Senator Hagel’s service to our country, but for this job at this time, his views do not reflect the kind of leadership that we need from our Secretary of Defense. That’s why I will vote against him in committee and on the floor if there is a vote of the full Senate.
Yesterday's Armed Services Committee hearing on Chuck Hagel's nomination to be Secretary of Defense confirmed for me many of the concerns I had about the nomination. After reviewing the hearing, and Senator Hagel's answers to the questions put to him, it is clear that I cannot support his nomination and I will vote against his nomination should it reach the Senate floor.
We had a great time meeting with members of the Phillips County Chamber Economic Development Coalition.
NA
I also wrote in Investors Business Daily today that for most Americans, the Tax Code's 100th Birthday is a cause of headaches—not celebration. We need to finally take this opportunity to make our tax code fairer, flatter, and simpler.
I expressed my opposition to Chuck Hagel’s nomination for Secretary of Defense in USA Today. I'm concerned about his judgment and the national security advice he’d give to the President.
This morning I spoke with Soledad O’Brien on CNN about my opposition to Chuck Hagel’s nomination for Secretary of Defense.   If Democrats want to salute the president and turn their head the other way, I suppose he could be nominated, but I do think people on both sides, whether Republicans or Democrats, have some real questions about whether this is the right person for this critical position.   My biggest concern is his position on Iran. Iran as we know has been relentlessly pursuing the acquisition of being able to have a nuclear weapons capability. This is a threat not just to the Middle East but to the world.
More than 12 million people remain without work, yet the jobs council was dismissed.
News Release: I joined Senator Risch in voting against today’s debt ceiling increase. This legislation should have contained dollar-for-dollar spending cuts, but instead Washington missed another opportunity.
Congratulations to Major Gen. John F. Nichols of Spring Branch for his reappointment as Adjutant General of Texas
On 10th Anniversary, Sen. Cornyn Pays Tribute To The Crew Of The Space Shuttle Columbia:
Houston Chronicle: Cornyn, Cruz Vote Against Federal Debt Ceiling Deal:
Some Senate Dems coy on President's immigration proposal
Sadly, but predictably, unemployment rate inches up to 7.9%.  Growth by private sector, not government, is essential.
Meet the top ten most conservative Senators
This week I led a bipartisan effort with Senators Tester (D-Mont.), Johnson (D-S.D.), Grassley (R-Iowa), and 27 other senators encouraging U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and U.S. Trade Ambassador Ron Kirk to consider a regulatory adjustment to the U.S. Country of Origin Labeling (COOL) rule. The effort is a response to a recent World Trade Organization (WTO) decision which recognized the right of the United States to require origin labeling for meat but disagreed with how the law was implemented. Click below to learn more and read the letter text.
If the debt ceiling is going to be raised, there should be dollar-for-dollar reductions in spending for every dollar the ceiling is raised; an end to emergency “deals” to avert a shutdown on the federal government by keeping the doors open but forcing spending cuts if spending bills are not passed; and provisions to ensure the U.S. does not default on its debt. Those were all amendments offered to the debt ceiling increase bill. I voted for them, but they were defeated in the Senate yesterday. We shouldn’t be kicking the can down the road any longer. What we’re attempting to kick is so much larger and it’s going to crush future generations under the bills we’ve racked up but weren’t willing to pay for. I voted against the overall bill.
NA
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham is in Munich, Germany this weekend to attend the 49th Annual Munich Security Conference (https://www.securityconference.de/1/).  Earlier this morning, Graham visited BMW Headquarters to discuss the strong and beneficial relationship between BMW and the state of South Carolina.
Physician Payments Sunshine Act Regulations Released
I heard @patgrassley on WMT Radio program this AM with state rep Tyler Olson. very friendly. good interview
Russia acts in bad faith as new WTO member with unjust ban on US beef&pork. Admin needs aggressive response. US products safe.Science sound
Grassley plans meetings with Iowans in 16 counties
Russian ban on U.S. beef and pork exports
ICYMI: National Journal turns spotlight on Yerington lands bill, need for jobs & role of federal government.  http://bit.ly/VA5sai
NA
Last night I joined Larry Kudlow on CNBC to talk about the dissolution of the President's Jobs Council. We also discussed sequestration and the need to cut spending.
Last night, I voted for Sen. Rand Paul’s amendment to stop the sale of fighter planes and other military equipment to Egypt. Egypt is unstable and President Morsi’s commitment to peace with Israel and respect for human rights is uncertain. Allowing Egypt to purchase deadly military equipment is not in America’s best interest.
Yesterday, I spoke on the Senate Floor to honor Kansas City’s Adele Hall who passed away earlier this week. I extend my heartfelt sympathies to her husband, Don; sons Donald and David; daughter Margaret; and her nine grandchildren.
More than 2,200 Kansans representing all 105 counties have joined me in sending a message to the President: it’s time to have an open and honest debate about the debt and government's spending problem. To read the full text of our letter, visit: http://moran.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=letter-to-president-obama
I joined 78 of my colleagues to oppose a 100% ban on selling any military hardware to Egypt.  I understand that there are many concerns regarding Egypt’s stability, but I believe that completely pulling out could create an opening for unfriendly nations to step in, which could make the dangerous situation even worse.
My D.C. staff is Going Red for Women today!
I am extremely proud to co-sponsor the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act.  From Kenai to Ketchikan, Anchorage to Dillingham, this bill has been crucial in providing Alaska women what they need when they need it most.  Over the next few weeks, I will be working hard to convince my colleagues to pass this important piece of legislation.
Senator Rubio Opposes Continued Inaction On Solving America's Debt Problem: http://1.usa.gov/12dnTa1
Click to view a new 1-page document from the Senate Budget Committee on federal immigration and welfare policy.
Sessions will be appearing on the Dale Jackson Show at 9:05 a.m. CT.
Thanks again to the folks at Caterpillar in Newberry for having me today!
Having a great time with the kids from Meeting Street Academy in Spartanburg!
Enjoyed meeting some of the 7,000 BMW employees and touring their facility in Greer this morning.
PA universities will have a strong showing at the Super Bowl this weekend: Bernard Pierce (BAL) played at Temple University, NaVorro Bowman (SF) played at Penn State & Andy Lee (SF) played at University of Pittsburgh.
In honor of Black History Month, the Pennsylvania Department of Tourism is sharing info on Pennsylvania's Underground Railroad sites. Fascinating & inspiring:
The Wing Bowl is an annual Philadelphia tradition to make sure Eagles fans like me have something to be excited about on Super Bowl weekend. Will this year’s winner beat last year’s total of 337 wings?
