It was great to visit Ozarks Food Harvest today as they welcomed a larger than usual poultry donation to help those in need for the holidays
http://bit.ly/1bCe6JW
The Senate just approved a Fort Smith native, Anne Patterson, as Assistant Secretary of State for Near East Affairs. As a Foreign Service officer, Anne has spent her career advancing U.S. interests across the world, including in some of the most volatile regions of the globe. Anne is a highly respected diplomat whose expertise and experience will serve her well in her new role. I am confident that under her leadership she will help promote and protect our national security.
Congratulations to the University of Notre Dame men’s soccer program on winning the national championship. Second year in a row a Hoosier team wins the College Cup.
NA
When It Snows, Ain’t It Thrilling?  Secretary Sebelius Claims Americans Who Have Had Their Health Care Cancelled Are “Thrilled."
"We've seen several red lines put forward by the president, which went along and became pinkish as time grew, and eventually ended up completely white."  PRINCE TURKI AL-FAISAL, the former intelligence chief of Saudi Arabia, accusing President Obama of indecision on issues in the Middle East.
Major victory for religious liberty. Federal judge rules that religious institutions cannot be forced to violate their faith by Obamacare.
Way cool: recently had the chance to tour Lockheed Martin’s fantastic facility in Fort Worth and leave a special note on an F-35.
Santa is in luck -- Al Gore's prediction that the North Pole would be ice-free by now never came to pass.
The NSA has abused and far exceeded the authority initially intended by Congress. I offered amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act(NDAA) that would have reigned in not only the privacy violations of the NSA, but the collection of financial records by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau without consent. But your voice isn’t being heard once again because the Senate has been prohibited from doing its job. The Senate majority leader has blocked all but two of the over 500 amendments to the NDAA from consideration. If you want to know what is wrong with the Senate and why people of all political persuasions are upset with Congress, that is a big part of the answer right there. The courts have concerns with what the NSA is doing and so do the American people. Why doesn’t the Senate majority or its leader?
Update: Due to last week's inclement weather in D.C., I'll be delivering an address on U.S. trade policy at the American Enterprise Institute this Wednesday, Dec. 18, at 11 a.m.
Expensive portraits of government officials are yet another prime example of government waste paid for by taxpayers. I’ve cosponsored a bipartisan amendment with Senator Shaheen (D-NH) and Senator Coburn (R-OK) to limit spending on these extravagant portraits. Like the GONE Act, this is one more way we can responsibly target waste and set priorities as we look for ways to rein in spending in Washington.
"Unfortunately, our current and future military retirees were not provided with similar protections that current civilian federal employees are receiving under this act," Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) and Roger Wicker, (R-MS), wrote in a letter to colleagues.
Sen. Grassley says continued investment in wind-energy production emphasizes the value and success of the federal production tax credit, which he authored.  Read here:
Jordan @NevadaAppellate Thanks for keeping me informed abt 9th Circuit
Thanks to all of the volunteers who participated in Wreaths Across America this weekend at the Northern #Nevada Veterans Memorial Cemetery.
 Wreaths Across America - Official Page
The Washington Post is finally catching up to what I was warning Oklahomans early last year that President Obama was intentionally delaying costly regulations until after his re-election campaign. One of my top priorities in Congress is to fight President Obama's overregulation that is hurting our economy and discouraging innovation. This is why in 2012 I released a report warning that the President was withholding numerous EPA rules until after the elections that he knew would cost Americans jobs and him votes.   According to the Washington Post: "The White House systematically delayed enacting a series of rules on the environment, worker safety and health care to prevent them from becoming points of contention before the 2012 election, according to documents and interviews with current and former administration officials. Some agency officials were instructed to hold off submitting proposals to the White House for up to a year to ensure that they would not be issued before voters went to the polls, the current and former officials said."   http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/white-house-delayed-enacting-rules-ahead-of-2012-election-to-avoid-controversy/2013/12/14/7885a494-561a-11e3-ba82-16ed03681809_story.html
On several occasions in recent months, including in hearings before the Judiciary Committee, I have noted that the NSA’s metadata program raises serious constitutional issues that are not resolved by Smith v. Maryland, a Supreme Court case that was decided almost a quarter-century ago.  Today’s decision highlights the constitutional concerns I have been raising, as well as other troubling aspects of the program.  I continue to harbor strong concerns regarding the government’s indiscriminate collection of personal data on all Americans.  This case will undoubtedly be appealed, and it will take time for it to make its way through the courts.  Meanwhile, I will continue to push to improve oversight of the federal government’s surveillance activities that implicate core constitutional concerns.
Under the Mineral Leasing Act, the federal government leases federal land for the development of energy, minerals and other materials, and shares the revenue with the states in which the leases are held.  The revenue is currently split evenly between the states and the federal government.  Section 302 of the recent budget deal decreases the portion the states receive and leaves the federal portion intact. That would mean a total reduction of $415 million for the states, with roughly $32 million coming from Utah.     It is unfortunate that the budget targets the mineral leasing program. Many of Utah’s rural communities depend on this funding and we shouldn’t be pulling the rug out from under them when there are so many other wasteful and ineffective programs in the federal government to reform.
NA
Senator McCain traveled to Kiev, Ukraine where he spoke to the mass protest at Independence Square and met with Ukrainian government officials and opposition leaders.
#KansasCommonSense: Kansas Listening Tour continues in Marshall and Trego Counties, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, Kansans face higher premiums due to Obamacare, the Federal Reserve Transparency Act, and more.
A federal judge ruled this morning that the NSA’s bulk collection of phone records is a violation of Fourth Amendment privacy rights.  While this ruling is limited to one specific court case, I have questioned the legality of such mass surveillance tactics for the last decade.  Alaskans don’t believe the government has free reign to see our library records or phone call logs, and it is high time we find the important balance between protecting Americans while still safeguarding our freedoms.
Glad the EPA has decided to reconsider the onerous, nonsensical fire hydrant regulation that will hurt communities across Ohio.
I commend U.S. District Court Judge Richard Leon for upholding and protecting our Fourth Amendment rights. This decision represents an important first step in having the constitutionality of government surveillance programs decided in the regular court system rather than a secret court where only one side is presented.  Read my entire statement here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1058
I applaud U.S. District Court Judge Richard Leon for protecting our Fourth Amendment rights.  MUST-READ: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/12/national-security-agency-phones-judge-101203.html?ml=tb
I will be On the Record with Greta Van Susteren on Fox News at 7 pm tonight--be sure to tune in!
For the last three months, I have had a weekly cover photo featuring scenes from across our beautiful state--all shared by South Carolinians.   Thank you to those who have contributed your photos, and if you have any photos of landscapes, historical sites, or cityscapes in South Carolina that you would like to share, please include your name and city of residence, and send them to photo@scott.senate.gov
Enjoyed talking education and healthcare at a town hall with DuPont employees in Moncks Corner this afternoon.
I sat down with the kids at the SC Dept. of Justice's Midlands Evaluation Center this weekend in Columbia.  Though sometimes we fail, as long as we fail forward we’re still moving in the right direction.   Read more here: http://www.thestate.com/2013/12/14/3158979/sen-tim-scott-shares-life-turnaround.html
Wow.
With Rep. Pat Meehan and Senator John Rafferty at Centre Square Fire Company in Blue Bell this afternoon. I shared details on my bill to protect volunteer first responders from dangerous #Obamacare mandates.
“The ‘cracks’ through which a pedophile can fall without detection should be very small. Congress should pass Mr. Toomey's bill to make that the case.”
NA
Excited to visit Station 33, Centre Square Fire Company in Blue Bell this afternoon. Thank you for 100 years of service to Whitpain Township!
NA
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended the Hillside Healthcare ribbon cutting in East Stroudsburg, Monroe County on Friday. The center is the first residential drug and alcohol rehab center in Monroe County and the surrounding region including Pike and Carbon counties.
U.S. Senator Roger Wicker, R-Miss., a member of the Senate Budget Committee, today introduced an amendment to restore full retirement pay for current and future military retirees. The current Ryan-Murray budget agreement cuts retirement benefits for these retirees by more than $6 billion. The amendment is cosponsored by Sens. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., Jim Inhofe, R-Okla., and Thad Cochran, R-Miss.
Wicker Report | The pending success of WRDA is a testament to the bipartisan cooperation that exists for keeping the U.S. economy strong and competitive.  The legislation offers a comprehensive plan for improving the country’s flood-control projects and modernizing our ports and waterways.  Having gone through committee consideration and then floor debate, WRDA could be a rare example of regular order under the dysfunctional direction of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (Nev.).
