I’m glad the Senate passed the Farm Bill today, which will give families in Missouri and nationwide much needed economic certainty. Learn more about this important legislation by clicking the link below.
Considering that agriculture is Arkansas’s top industry, passage of a farm bill is vital to our state’s economic recovery. Like any other business, Arkansas’s agricultural producers need certainty to be able to make important planting, purchasing and hiring decisions. A five-year farm bill will give our family farmers and ranchers the confidence to move forward with those decisions, and in turn, create jobs and opportunities in our communities.  This is a great example of Democrats and Republicans working together. Under the leadership of Chairwoman Stabenow and Ranking Member Cochran, we worked hard to find common ground and ensure that this bipartisan bill established the framework for a fair approach from which we can build on. The Senate bill is a step in the right direction to protecting vulnerable agriculture producers throughout the nation. We will continue to seek improvements in the final product and I’m optimistic that we can find a solution that both chambers of Congress can support.
We welcomed students from Bauxite Middle School to Washington, D.C.
Here’s what’s on tap this week along with some news stories worth reading.
NA
The UNAFFORDABLE Care Act is causing Indiana schools to cut employee hours to avoid #Obamacare penalties.   http://www.courier-journal.com/article/20130608/NEWS02/306080064/Indiana-schools-dilemma-Offer-health-insurance-part-timers-cut-hours
The U.S. Senate Farm Bill took positive steps toward market-oriented reforms, but the price tag of the bill was cause for me to vote no.  More than three-quarters of annual spending associated with the bill goes toward non-farm programs.  In our current economic climate it is imperative that we practice financial restraint and get our spending problem under control.  In addition to the cost, the Majority blocked reform-minded amendments like the SCRAP Act amendment, that Senator Risch and I introduced to defund the FDA’s misguided fresh produce rule.  The U.S. House is working on its Farm Bill and I hope when the two bills meet in Conference improvements can be made.
Weekly Op-Ed: The recently-revealed targeting of conservative groups by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for additional tax scrutiny is outrageous and goes against the freedoms on which our nation was founded.  We must do everything we can to hold the IRS accountable for these inexcusable attempts to silence political dissent, and strong reforms must be implemented to ensure that these actions do not ever happen again.  I will continue to press for answers, accountability and actions to ensure this intolerable practice does not resurface.
VIDEO: Cornyn Addresses RESULTS Amendment on Senate Floor:
Cornyn OpEd: Immigration Bill Needs Results:
Go Spurs Go. Game 2
Today I supported the multi-year farm bill, which will provide certainty for Nebraska’s farmers so they can continue to produce healthy, safe products to feed the Nation and the world. Failure to pass this legislation would cause America’s agriculture policies to revert back to those of the World War II era – an untenable position for hardworking Nebraskans competing in a competitive global market.   At the same time, over 80 percent of funding in this bill goes toward the nutrition title, which received only a fraction of cuts compared to the overall hit taken by agriculture. While several amendments I supported to achieve further savings in the nutrition title did not prevail, I will continue to support efforts to eliminate unnecessary spending as Congress continues the legislative conference process.
I view Mr. Snowdens’ actions not as one of patriotism, but potentially a felony. I hope we follow him to the ends of the earth to bring him to justice.
Beleaguered IRS Undermines Public Trust
Just read:UNI may drop in fall enrollment .. HS grads& non-traditional students sign up for a very good education at UNI  u will love it
With the passing of Barbara Vucanovich, the Silver State has lost one of its finest and most well-respected Nevadans. During one of my first trips to Washington, Barbara took me, a complete stranger, to lunch in the Congressional dining hall. Ever since that day, I have admired her and valued her wisdom, experience and friendship. Barbara always stressed that constituent services and responding directly to Nevadans’ needs are the most important responsibilities of public service. Grateful for that advice, I took it to heart and have always tried to follow the high standard she set. Lynne’s and my thoughts and prayers are with Barbara’s family and friends as we join them to mourn the loss of this great Nevadan. 
 http://1.usa.gov/ZFxYKM
For my tele-townhall that is coming up on Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. EST, I am soliciting questions through Crowdhall.  Crowdhall is an online tool that let's you submit questions and vote for the questions you would like to see answered. I am specifically looking for your questions about immigration reform, but you are welcome to submit questions on any topic.  Click the link below if you want to participate in this event.  This tool will also work the best if you invite your friends to participate, so I hope you will spread the word.
"Like the president's health care law, the 'gang' bill was negotiated in secret by insiders and special interests, who then essentially offered it to Congress as a take-it-or-leave-it proposition. It grants broad new powers to the same executive branch that today is mired in scandal for incompetence and abuse of power. Total cost estimates are in the trillions. And rather than fix our current immigration problems, the bill makes many of them worse.  "However well-intentioned, the 'Gang of Eight' bill is just an immigration version of Obamacare.  "That is why true immigration reform must be pursued step by step, with individual reform measures implemented and verified in the proper sequence. Happily for immigration reformers like me, this appears to be the approach being pursued by the House of Representatives. It is the only one that makes sense."
As the Senate votes on the Farm Bill today, Americans should be aware of the fishy deal in it for catfish farmers. Check out my op-ed in Politico:
Before returning to Washington this morning, I toured the Procter and Gamble (P&G) facility in Kansas City, Kansas. The plant opened in 1905 and its location was based on access to the railroad. I learned the current facility makes a number of ingredients used in cleaning products and all the Dawn, Joy, Gain and Ivory dishwashing soap used in North America. Thank you to P&G Plant Manager Jack Geissinger for the invitation and informative tour of this Kansas-based facility.
Saturday, America lost a great hero and dedicated Kansan. Lieutenant General (Ret.) Dick Seitz was a highly decorated officer who selflessly served our country through three wars. He was one of the few WWII veterans left to tell their story and I was honored to have the opportunity to hear about his incredible experiences. LTG Seitz was a mentor, friend and someone I greatly respected. The great impact he had on the Junction City community will never be forgotten, and I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know him.
Congratulations to all the Kansans who finished the 70.3 mile Ironman triathlon yesterday at Clinton State Park outside of Lawrence.
I am relieved the Air Force is heeding the request from Congressman Young and myself to push back the hearings on the draft environmental impact statement on the Eielson F-16 relocation plans.  Moving the hearings to the week of July 15th gives us a full month to lay out a strong case refuting their short-sighted argument and to paint the complete picture of the impact of this attempted backdoor BRAC.  I encourage every concerned Alaskan to join with me to point out that ‘America Needs Eielson AFB’ in its current or more robust form, to protect our nation.
A very happy birthday to my friend and colleague Don Young on his 80th!
Just introduced the Neighborhood Safety Act, legislation that would allow municipalities and land banks to tap into additional funds to demolish vacant structures, which pose a growing threat to the public safety and economic well-being of our communities.
I was honored to speak at the Boys' Latin Charter School graduation ceremony this morning. Congratulations, Boys' Latin graduates!
In case you missed it, I appeared on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace to discuss immigration reform, the secret seizure of American's phone records, the appointment of Susan Rice, and more.  Click below to watch.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtFcgVbtqiI
My column at The American Conservative on the recent Maryland v. King decision concerning DNA gathering from arrestees.
ICYMI: Rubio “Right To Refuse” Amendment Would Do Away With ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/12fV6SS VIDEO: http://bit.ly/11bac72  Senator Marco Rubio: “Under the ruling the Supreme Court had, if tomorrow the federal government decided every American must have a smart phone, and if you don’t we are going to tax you for not having a smart phone, they can do that under the logic of this ruling. So obviously health care is a much bigger issue. So we are basically filing a constitutional amendment which says that you can’t do that, that the government cannot compel Americans to buy a service or a good by punishing them for not doing it.”
NA
Sen. Sessions has returned to the Senate floor to discuss additional concerns with the Gang of Eight immigration bill. The livestream of the floor is here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
NA
Excerpt from the National Review on inflated deportation statistics:   “[Jessica Vaughn, Center for Immigrations Studies] noted that, contrary to the administration’s claims, the number of illegal-immigrant removals has dropped 40 percent since June 2011, when ICE director John Morton issued the first of several directives outlining significant changes to the agency’s enforcement policies. ‘There has been a significant decline in enforcement activity as measured by the number of removals.'"  “Removals generated by ICE’s Enforcement and Removals division, which is responsible for interior immigration enforcement, have decreased nearly 50 percent since June 2011.”  “Deportations specifically of illegal immigrants convicted of a crime — individuals the administration says it has prioritized for removal — are similarly down, almost 40 percent since June 2011, Vaughan found.”  “‘DHS and ICE are knowingly manipulating arrest and deportation data with the specific intent of misleading the American public with regard to the enforcement of illegal immigration in our country,’ [Chris Crane, National ICE Council President] told reporters Thursday at a Capitol Hill press conference. ‘At an alarming rate, ICE arrest and deportation numbers have plummeted since 2008, clear evidence that interior enforcement has in large part been shut down over the last four years.’”
Sen. Sessions on the legally-required (yet uncompleted) border fence vs. "virtual fence" surveillance technology:  "Does it make more sense to observe people entering the country illegally or does it make more sense to stop them from entering?"
Sen. Sessions is speaking on the Senate floor NOW to continue his remarks in opposition to the Gang of Eight immigration bill. Watch live: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Sessions writing in the Los Angeles Times:  “On every major front, this legislation fails to deliver on its core promises. It delivers only for the special-interest groups who helped write it. Should it pass, it would represent the ultimate triumph of the Washington elite over the everyday citizen to whom Congress properly owes its loyalty.”
Working to protect your taxpayer dollars - I am calling on HHS to investigate recent reports that California may be concealing details of contracts awarded to establish and run its health insurance exchange. I see no reason why a state that has been awarded nearly a billion federal taxpayer dollars should not disclose how that money is being spent.  More - http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-health-committee-republicans-call-hhs-investigate-report-california
NA
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, presented an award today to Bob Kern, Principal at Nazareth Area Elementary School. The school was one of only 64 in the nation to receive a Green Ribbon Schools Award from the U.S. Dept. of Education for their efforts to reduce environmental impact and utility costs, promote better health, and ensure effective environmental education.
This Sunday was one of two NASCAR races held at the Pocono Raceway in Longpond. The event drew thousands to the NEPA region. (The economic impact of past races like this is conservatively estimated at $152M.)
Good morning Pa. Getting ready to go on NewsTalk WAEB AM 790 with Bobby Gunther Walsh in a few. Hope you can tune in:
Wicker Report: Three years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, the revitalization of the Gulf Coast remains an urgent priority.  Last year’s passage of the RESTORE Act was a significant step toward putting key environmental and economic initiatives into action.   RESTORE directs 80 percent of the Clean Water Act fines levied against BP and other responsible parties to affected Gulf Coast states.  Although the courts have yet to decide the amount in damages owed, estimates indicate that the fines could total as much as $20 billion.
