NA
Senator Ayotte was very glad to welcome the Sweet family of Nashua and the Kalgren family of Bedford to Washington today.
There is a bipartisan willingness to do something about the unacceptable wait times that our veterans are facing. Now is the time to act.
This week I wrote to the directors at a number of VA hospitals in Missouri asking whether they’ve had any “unauthorized” waiting lists that compromised care for our veterans. America’s heroes deserve access to the best care available available. 
It is appalling and completely unacceptable that more than 57,000 of our veterans nationwide are still waiting for their initial appointments at VA hospitals. I’ll continue to press for answers and do everything I can to ensure these heroes receive the care they need and deserve.
Last evening a VA official admitted to "an integrity issue here among some of our leaders." We know the issues at VA are systemic and deeply cultural, that’s why we need to pursue solutions that get to the heart of the matter. #FixtheVA #VAaccountability 
Last week our Military and Veterans Liaison, Steve Gray, recognized the service and sacrifice of WWII veteran Warren Holland with a medals presentation in Pine Bluff. His family posthumously accepted his medals. This was the picture in the Pine Bluff Commercial
The VA launched an audit of its medical facilities in mid-May after allegations that veterans faced long wait times and data was manipulated in some facilities to hide the length of time for health appointments. The audit shows a clear need for immediate improvement. I am committed to ensuring that VA uses every available option it has to deliver on its mission for all Arkansas veterans who have earned this care.
I’m pleased that President Obama signed the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA) into law today. As a member of the conference committee for WRRDA, I worked to make sure this bill included several provisions that will specifically help Wyoming. This new law will save lives and property from flood and drought, cut wasteful spending and protect Wyoming’s water rights. It also guarantees rural communities have better access to water project financing and more help in complying with confusing Washington regulations. I’ll continue to look for more opportunities to improve our aging water infrastructure and keep folks in Wyoming safe. 
Today I met Brandon Boynton of Pendleton who developed a phone app that allows students to anonymously report school bullying
NA
NA
NA
Today the VA released the findings of an internal audit. This report reaffirms a culture change at the Department of Veterans Affairs is necessary. Confirmed audit findings show that Indiana veterans endured unacceptably long wait times with some never receiving an appointment. As I hear from more veterans, I continue to support an independent investigation to make sure we identify and prosecute those responsible for falsifying records and neglecting patient care. As a veteran, I expect my country to fulfill its promises to my fellow servicemen and women. As a Senator, I will seek to hold them accountable.
Op-Ed: Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, “The influence of fine scenery, the presence of mountains, appeases our irritations and elevates our friendships.”  Fortunately, in Idaho, we have many opportunities to take to the trail and benefit from the fine scenery and reflect on historical, nation-shaping events that took place along Idaho’s trails.  These outlets are an important part of our communities and way of life.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1s2OjsM
VIDEO - Cornyn: A Humanitarian Crisis of Obama’s Own Doing:
Senator Corker: The VA audit released yesterday “further confirms there are chronic, systemic problems at the VA, and they must be addressed immediately.” http://bit.ly/1oIbYed
Not one more drop of American blood should be shed over terrorists that U.S. troops have already sacrificed life and limb to capture.  Our president should need no reminder that thousands of innocents perished at the hands of terrorists on 9/11. The Taliban 5 he has released played a direct part in those murders. It’s now upon him to explain how their release makes America safer.
Spoke with Bill O'Reilly about my bill to temporarily freeze GTMO releases. Catch it on the O'Reilly Factor tonight on Fox News!
There is overwhelming bipartisan support for securing our border, but sadly, President Obama and Sen. Reid are more interested in partisan politics than solving a humanitarian crisis.
The EPA is trying to regulate water rights on your private property, but they have recently extended the deadline to comment on this proposed rule. Every voice counts. If this massive government expansion to regulate every stream, pond and ditch concerns you, let the EPA know. When government crosses the line, citizens need to speak out. Click the link below to comment on the EPA’s Waters of the United States Rule.
The images and videos of illegal migrants being released by Border Patrol into Arizona are disturbing. After years of struggling to secure the Arizona border with Mexico, it is unfathomable that this administration would transfer and then purposely release illegal migrants from Texas into Arizona. We are demanding additional information from Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and have requested a hearing by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs to investigate this situation.  What we have learned in the interim is that the situation is more complicated than that of a simple transfer of undocumented migrants from South Texas to Nogales.  The reality is that there has been a dramatic increase in the number of people from Central America – so-called Other than Mexicans (OTMs) – attempting to illegally enter the United States, in some cases fleeing violence and poverty in their home countries. Because of difficulties in dealing with these Central American nations, it often takes weeks and sometimes months to deport these individuals back to their home countries. Adding to this complication is the fact that the overwhelming majority of those who were transferred to Nogales for processing were parents traveling with children or unaccompanied minors, who, according to federal law, must be reunited with a family member wherever possible.  The dramatic increase in the number of people attempting to cross our southern border illegally monthly – from 28,672 in January 2014 to 60,703 in May 2014 – has overwhelmed the resources of the Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Compounding this problems is the number of unaccompanied minors and migrants attempting to enter from Central America.  To be clear: These individuals being apprehended by the Border Patrol are not eligible to remain in this country legally and, in fact, would not qualify for legal status or a chance to earn citizenship in the immigration reform legislation passed by the Senate last year. In addition, that legislation would have provided $4.5 billion for technology for cameras, sensors, drones, and towers as recommended by the Border Patrol; 20,000 additional Border Patrol agents; 350 miles of additional fencing, and tripled the funding for Operation Streamline for mandatory prosecutions of illegal border crossers.  For too long this administration has been preoccupied with telling Americans the border is as secure as ever. These events prove it is not.”
My Phoenix staff will be holding office hours Thursday, June 12th in Prescott Valley. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency or if you just want to get a message to me.  PRESCOTT VALLEY 1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. Prescott Valley Town Hall, Room #433 7501 East Civic Circle Prescott Valley, AZ   For more information contact my Phoenix office at (602) 840-1891
Thursday is Pres Geo H W Bush 90th birthday. Thank u for service as President and  especially for defending freedom as airman WWII
Sen. Grassley today introduced legislation to increase the amount of information students receive about federal student loans, including their potential ability to repay, before rather than after signing onto tens of thousands of dollars in debt to Uncle Sam.
NA
“Developing infrastructure in western North Dakota remains a top priority as our communities continue growing at rapid rates. This USDA loan will help to build a much needed childcare facility to serve North Dakota families and will help us to maintain the high quality of life we expect in our state. This loan is an important example of how we are working to meet infrastructure needs and foster the services our residents’ need to support and raise their families.”
Yesterday, the Department of Veterans Affairs released an audit of wait times at VA clinics across the nation. While the wait times at our Oklahoma facilities are better than the inexcusably poor national average, we risk these wait times worsening if the Tulsa VA clinic isn’t given the opportunity to expand. The clinic is already at max capacity, and our nation will see an influx of veterans as our men and women in uniform return home from Afghanistan as well as our current veterans continue to age and the demand increases for specialty services. Currently, the Tulsa VA clinic is at risk of shutting down in 2020, which would then overburden the Muskogee VA clinic. This is more than just about wait lists. We must provide our veterans with all the options we can to have access to quality care, and I am working to ensure this happens.  http://newsok.com/wait-times-at-oklahoma-va-hospitals-explored-in-audit-released-monday/article/4892518
Retweeted Valeriu Zgonea (@valeriuzgonea):  Great meeting with @JohnMcCain , @SenRonJohnson and @ChrisMurphyCT . You can always count on Romania as USA’s friend! http://t.co/hQObnBs9aL
Retweeted Duane Butcher Jr (@duane_butcher):  Great visit from @SenJohnMcCain @ChrisMurphyCT & @senronjohnson http://t.co/U10E4XWPlc
Obamacare is fixed, except for the one in four applications with problematic information. http://t.co/GK0UjtL1Q4
Retweeted Embassy of Poland US (@PolishEmbassyUS):  #Poland's FM @sikorskiradek with US Senators @SenJohnMcCain, @SenRonJohnson and @ChrisMurphyCT at #WGF14 in #Wroclaw http://t.co/4l6qx9MmKs
Retweeted Geoffrey Pyatt (@GeoffPyatt):  Thanks to @SenJohnMcCain @ChrisMurphyCT and @SenRonJohnson for coming to #Ukraine and the Poroshenko inauguration http://t.co/S18NxDM25T
After attending the Senate Armed Services Committee briefing today on the Bowe Bergdahl trade, I still have serious questions about why the five released Taliban leaders were suddenly no longer considered dangerous.  I am also worried that their return to Afghanistan could result in undermining over a decade of American work in that country that cost the lives of thousands of our service members.  I will continue to push for answers to these questions and ensure that these decisions are being made more responsibly and with greater oversight.
Leaders in Washington have been discussing #CollegeOpportunity this week.  I would enjoy discussing the HERO Act, my proposal to make higher education more accessible and affordable, with you in my upcoming tele-townhall.  You can find a link to sign up for the event in my latest enewsletter:
This is a great article that discusses how land is managed differently in the West than it is in other parts of the country.  The author also points out how restrictive policies pioneered in the West can and will be used to erode the liberties of all Americans.
I bring up the importance of the Arctic with federal officials in all branches of government.  I have to say that the military is more tune with our needs in the north than most.  Here's a great story about their internal conversations, illustrating how seriously they take the region:
Before the VA became a national story, I was working to get answers for Alaska's veteran care.  Today the Alaska media reported on my efforts from last month to have the Wasilla VA clinic get closely studied so that staffing shortages can be avoided.
Way to go, Alaska Aces!  Congratulations on the big win against Cincinnati last night and becoming only the second three-time Kelly Cup champion - a title hat trick!
I've called for an investigation into the Administration's decision to release five high-level Taliban detainees from Guantanamo Bay. It's crucial that we know the national security impact and take steps to ensure these terrorists don't return to the battlefield to threaten American soldiers.   http://1.usa.gov/1u2uYUt
Had a chance to catch up with some Miami University students yesterday. Enjoyed hearing about their summer internships.
In case you missed it,  earlier today joined CNBC News Channel to discuss a bipartisan repatriation tax holiday plan. The plan would offer a low tax rate holiday to encourage companies to bring money back home from overseas.   Furthermore, the proposal would bring back billions of dollars that a could be used to fund critical infrastructure projects.  WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlochF3gAns&feature=youtu.be
Today's MUST-READ: Reclaiming Reagan's Economic Voice  http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2014/06/07/reclaiming_reagans_economic_voice_122895.html
The July 1st deadline for Fall Internships in my Washington D.C. office is fast approaching. If you are a college student or know a college student who would be interested in applying visit the link below!  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Internships
ICYMI: Rubio Calls On Reid to Allow Vote on Republican Higher Education Proposals: http://1.usa.gov/1l2Z5dF  Rubio: “All the left is focusing on is pouring more money into an existing, outdated status quo. But they have no ideas, whatsoever, about moving us into the 21st century, in terms of higher education. ... What they’re hoping is that Republicans will just oppose it and have no alternatives. But we do have alternatives. We look forward to talking about those alternatives. And I hope they’ll give us a chance to vote on those alternatives.” 
Senator Rubio Discusses Foreign Policy with Hugh Hewitt and Guy Benson
Sen. Sessions issued the following comments today about the need to combat illicit trading practices: "I am pleased to join Senator Brown in sending a letter to President Obama about foreign currency manipulation that is unfairly impacting our American workers. An April 2014 report from the Treasury Department found that China was grossly manipulating their currency—an improper practice that artificially lowers the price of imported Chinese goods and puts Americans out of work. Our trade laws must ensure that the people living and working in the U.S. can compete on a level playing field. We must defend the legitimate interests of American workers on the world stage. Trading agreements are like contracts for mutual benefit, and when one party fails to act in accordance with the agreement, action must be taken. For many years now, our government has failed in that task and allowed American factories to shutter and good-paying middle class jobs to disappear. President Obama’s weak trade stance, like that of his predecessors in the White House, has directly harmed U.S. workers and manufacturing.  The legislation I am sponsoring with Senator Brown, The Currency Exchange Rate Oversight Reform Act, is important to achieve a market-based exchange rate that will address currency manipulation to ensure our businesses and workers can fairly compete in the global marketplace.”
Great to be in Greenville to celebrate GE's expansion in the Upstate!
Congrats to PA's winners of the The Library of Congress's Letters About Literature Contest! The contest asks students grades 4-12 to write to an author (living or deceased) about how his or her book influenced their lives. PA's winners are: Veronica Maunter of Elizabethtown, Christopher Troll of Somerset, and Linda Wen of Danville.
Today in 1752: Benjamin Franklin flies his kite.
Discussing college affordability with Penn State president Dr. Eric Barron this morning #PennState
I am pleased to announce that the water resources bill, known as the “Water Resources Reform & Development Act," has been signed into law. It will provide federal resources for improving ports, waterways and flood control in Mississippi, in addition to streamlining the review and construction of waterway projects.
