Thank you to the soldiers of the 220th Engineer Company deployed to Afghanistan over the weekend. Sending best wishes and thoughts to these soldiers and their families.
My staff is here to help you. You can find dates and hours for upcoming mobile offices here:
The Senate Democrats' #RaiseTheWage proposal would cost up to 1 million jobs and increase the costs for American families, according to a CBO report.
Last week I joined America’s Global Leadership luncheon and discussed America’s role in the global community. What happens in the world impacts our security and economy right here in North Carolina, which is why American companies and organizations must be active participants on the global stage.  
Did you miss me on Bill LuMaye last week? You can listen to the full segment below, where Bill and I discuss veterans, Keystone XL, and Ukraine.  
Senator Boozman left Mercy Hospital after undergoing successful heart surgery and is in close contact with his office monitoring tornado recovery efforts in central Arkansas.   Boozman was released from the hospital Sunday night and is under doctor’s orders to rest as he regains his strength.  He asked that we share the following regarding last night's storms:  “My thoughts and prayers are with the families who lost loved ones in this devastation. While Arkansans are all too familiar with the destruction that Mother Nature can leave behind, it never gets easier. Arkansans have always come together in the most difficult times to help neighbors in need. It’s clear that commitment continues today. I’m receiving regular updates from my staff about the current search and rescue effort. I will work with the governor’s office, the congressional delegation and FEMA Administrator Fugate to make sure that Arkansans get the resources they need to respond, rebuild and recover. We will help in any way we can.” - Senator Boozman  If any Arkansan has questions and doesn’t know where to turn, Senator Boozman’s office is here to help. Arkansans can reach the Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-4843 and the Little Rock office at 501-372-7153. ~Staff
This week a member of my staff will visit the following communities to assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Tuesday, April 29  Winchester: 2:00 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. ET, Winchester Public Library, Board Room, 125 N. East St.  Portland: 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. ET, Jay County EDC office, 118 S. Meridian St., Ste B  Thursday, May 1  Paoli: 1:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m. ET, Orange County Complex, 205 E. Main St.  Friday, May 2  Liberty: 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. ET, Union County Public Library, 2 E. Seminary St.   Newburgh: 12:00 p.m. – 1:00 p.m. CT, Ohio Township Public Library, 4111 Lakeshore Dr.
NA
While I am encouraged that President Obama has announced more sanctions, I continue to be concerned that the administration’s actions are too little, too late to effectively deter Putin. To date, the lack of a forceful, effective response by the administration and Western leaders has given this bully on the playground little reason to expect that further aggression will be punished. The president must use today’s announcement to pave the way for additional sanctions. I am working with my Senate colleagues on a series of tough diplomatic, economic and financial sanctions, and I am hopeful that President Obama will support our effort. If he is willing to lead by taking action that demonstrates American disapproval of Russia’s actions, I am confident that a bipartisan majority in Congress will stand with him in support.
Want to learn more about the bipartisan legislation to reform our broken housing finance system? Visit my website to find a breakdown of the bill, along with answers to frequently asked questions about the legislation.  It is time to reduce the government’s footprint in housing, bring private capital back into the market and protect taxpayers from future bailouts. #GSEreform  
Today, Senator Collins met with an inspiring group of 27 seniors from Marshwood High School in South Berwick.  The group is representing Maine in a three-day academic competition on the Constitution and the Bill of Rights held by the Center for Civic Education. They will be judged by panels of constitutional scholars, lawyers, journalists, and government leaders. If they place in the top ten, the Marshwood team will compete for the title of national winner next Monday.  Good luck Marshwood!
Texas Military Forces' Naturalization Ceremony #CampMabry
NA
NA
Cornyn: Give Ukraine What It Needs 
Senator Corker will be on MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Reports today at 12:20 p.m. ET to discuss the latest on the U.S. response to the crisis in Ukraine.
If you'd like to help those impacted by the devastating severe weather:
Today marks the 61st anniversary of the Holocaust Remembrance Day in Israel—the day on which the world’s only Jewish state pauses in memory of those murdered in the most savage episode of genocide in modern history. The day falls between the anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising and the anniversary of the founding of Israel and, as such, both recalls the great struggle for survival of 20th century Jews, and the great event that came out of that struggle, namely the establishment of the state of Israel.   It is therefore fitting that we join in solidarity with Israel to remember the mothers and fathers, the brothers and sisters, the husbands and wives, the sons and daughters who perished in the Holocaust, and to celebrate the courage of those who resolved that the Nazis—like all those who attempted to annihilate the Jews in the past—would fail.   It is the great good fortune of the United States that Israel was established and has flourished beyond the wildest expectations to become a beacon in the Middle East of the limitless potential of a free society.  As a Texan, I am particularly encouraged by our close relationship in the energy sector, which will shortly enable Israel to become an energy exporter to neighbors like Egypt and Jordan.   Israel has also become a key security partner for America in the region assisting us with everything from counter-terrorism efforts to research and development on programs such as Iron Dome and Iron Beam—and most importantly standing firmly by our side to counter the looming threat of a nuclear Iran.   On this Holocaust Remembrance Day, our best way to affirm our commitment to “never again” is to present a united front with our close friend and ally Israel, and to express our vigorous support for the Jewish state and for Jews worldwide by focusing on our clear national security interest—which is continuing to guarantee Israel’s security through our unquestionable commitment to our friendship.
Secretary Kerry has repeatedly demonstrated a willingness to countenance a world where Israel is made a pariah because it will not sacrifice its security to his diplomatic initiatives.  It is my belief that Secretary Kerry has proven himself unsuitable for his position and that before any further harm is done to our alliance with Israel, he should offer President Obama his resignation, and the President should accept it.
BLM already controls FAR too much land. We need to reduce the amount of federal land the agency controls and the amount of land the federal government owns.
Texas to Toyota: Come on down! #GTT
If you're near Houston this Friday, I hope you'll join me for an evening discussion on Faith and Freedom in the Public Square at Houston Baptist University!  Get your tickets and more info here:
ICYMI: Good editorial by azcentral on forest health.
Oklahomans can attest that developing natural gas isn't “complicated" or “difficult." The natural gas boom in America is delivering a cheap, domestic energy source for our homes and businesses.  http://washingtonexaminer.com/new-england-democrats-seek-more-natural-gas/article/2547657 
My thoughts and prayers are with those in Oklahoma, Arkansas, and across the Midwest who experienced devastating loss due to the storms yesterday. I applaud the volunteer work of Eastern Oklahoma American Red Cross and American Red Cross of Central and Western Oklahoma who quickly came to the aid of those impacted by the tornadoes. For resources and necessary pre-cautions to take in the event of severe weather, please visit my website: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/weather
In case you missed it: Sen. Johnson appeared yesterday on Upfront w/ Mike Gousha on WISN 12 NEWS to discuss Obamacare.
Tales of discord fall flat: Republican National Committee rallies support for suit against Obamacare's special deal.  http://t.co/tpXp5wSnrf
RNC Petition Backs Ron Johnson’s Member/Staffer Health Care Lawsuit http://t.co/EGXubUq2s6
The president's announcement that he is unilaterally changing immigration enforcement policies is yet one more reminder why reforming our immigration laws needs to occur on a step-by-step basis.  The right way to do immigration reform is to address specific issues – like border security, visa reform, interior enforcement, and workplace verification – in targeted bills, then implement each reform and report on its progress before moving on to the next step.  However, in order to do any of these steps effectively, you need to have a president who will faithfully execute the laws that we pass.
Last night a tornado — nearly three blocks in width — struck the community of Baxter Springs resulting in at least 34 injuries along with major damage to a minimum of 160 homes and 12 businesses. This tornado was part of a larger storm system that also ravaged parts of Arkansas and Oklahoma resulting in at least nine deaths. My thoughts and prayers go out to residents and business owners who suffered great loss and devastation.  This morning I traveled to Cherokee County to join local, county and state officials for a tour of some of the hardest hit areas and to receive an update on relief efforts. As I witnessed the destruction of homes, businesses and infrastructure, it was clear that the damages are much more than a number. Much more importantly, it represents families, employees and business owners in need.  And not surprisingly, less than 24 hours after the destruction, Kansans were already reaching out to meet those needs.
My thoughts and prayers go out to Kansans who suffered great loss and devastation from the tornadoes that struck the Midwest tonight — including Baxter Springs. As severe weather continues to impact communities across the country, thanks to the emergency responders who are working to help all affected.
Proud to be named one of the Nat'l Hydropower Association's Legislators of the year today! It's important that America recognize the contributions that renewable resources like hydropower can make to our nation's clean energy goals.
Appeared on Fox News Channel to discuss need to repeal Obamacare and replace it with patient-centered reform. 
Visiting the West End School, a college preparatory elementary and middle school for at-risk young men.
"The recent announcement of a Fatah-Hamas unity agreement brings both danger and opportunity to the peace process, and the next five weeks may prove critical.  Israel cannot be expected to negotiate with an entity that does not believe it should exist and that has used terrorist tactics to seek its end.  That being said, the new unity government has a chance to put itself on the record as clearly believing in the right of Israel to exist as a Jewish state, as Israel recognizes the right of a Palestinian state to exist. It should also declare an immediate and lasting ceasefire to enable negotiations.    If that is accomplished swiftly, the peace process can move forward with two willing partners.  In the absence of such a clear, unambiguous statement on the part of the newly unified Palestinian government, the United States should act to enforce the law and cut off aid to the Palestinian government until they recognize Israel's right to exist.  I will introduce a measure when Congress returns this week to make all future aid to the Palestinian government conditional upon this statement, with a cutoff date of five weeks from now if, upon its formation, the new government does not take this vital step toward peace."  READ IT HERE: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1144
I was extremely troubled by Secretary Kerry’s incendiary remarks over the weekend regarding the State of Israel. Secretary Kerry should not need a reminder that the people of Israel hold freedom and tolerance for all ethnicities and religions in especially high esteem. He need not look further than the observance of Holocaust Remembrance Day through this evening. Secretary Kerry should apologize for his comments. 
KS emergency management officials briefing disaster headquarters after a devastating tornado hit Baxter Springs yesterday. Their management control is fantastic. Bringing order and organization to chaos is a tremendous talent. KDEM officials Angee Morgan and Jackie Clark are two of the very best.
Damaging weather has moved through parts of Kansas and neighboring states. We stand ready to offer assistance and are in touch with state emergency management officials tonight as they assess the situation. Thoughts and prayers are with those who are impacted.
With severe weather in the forecast for much of the state, please take a moment to view this page with helpful resources for storm preparation and up-to-date info:
Click here to view the letter from 22 GOP Senators to President Obama regarding the Administration’s continued dismantling of federal immigration law:
My thoughts and prayers are with Oklahomans, Arkansans and all those in the path of devastating storms tonight.
Holocaust Remembrance Day continues until sundown tonight. #NeverAgain:
Sad day on Hawk Hill as the Saint Joseph's University community mourns the passing of basketball legend Dr. Jack Ramsay.  http://goo.gl/9MoKXD #RIPDrJack 
State of Emergency declared in Mississippi ahead of severe weather.  Find safety information here: www.msema.org #mswx
Wicker Report | Mississippians understand the importance of rural hospitals and the critical services they provide. Sixty-five of our 82 counties are rural, and most of the state is classified as “medically underserved,” according to the Health Resources and Services Administration.
