On Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius cases before the Supreme Court today, Sen. Alexander said:   “Obamacare is a thumb in the eye to our Constitution’s protections of religious freedom. The United States ought to be the last country on earth where people of faith are forced by their government to defy their religious beliefs. I am glad these cases are now before the Supreme Court and am hopeful the court will find this administration has reached too far.” http://1.usa.gov/OWU4Gp
Sen. Alexander meets one of the younger visitors to Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast with Alexander and Sen. Corker.   Alexander is now on Instagram! To keep up with him on the road in Tennessee and on the move in Washington, follow him HERE: http://bit.ly/1l8bX31
Agriculture touches the lives of every American, every day. This week is National Ag Week. Join me in recognizing our nation’s farmers and ranchers in communities across Missouri and America for their tireless work to feed, fuel, and clothe the world’s ever-growing population. #AgDay2014
 I joined my colleagues on the Senate floor today to voice support for #HobbyLobby & #ReligiousFreedomForAll. Watch my remarks and share your comments below.
Headed to the U.S. Supreme Court to hear #HobbyLobby oral arguments. #ReligiousFreedomForAll #SCOTUS
Both Senate leaders have agreed to cosponsor the ABLE Act, giving new hope to the severely disabled and their families across America. ABLE is a commonsense piece of legislation that helps parents of the severely disabled save and prepare for their child’s lifetime of expenses.  With such broad bipartisan support in both houses of Congress, it is my hope that 2014 is the year we finally #passtheABLEact.  
In case you missed it, I appeared in last night’s Capital Tonight with Shawn Flynn.
On March 25, 1863, that the first Medals of Honor were presented to six members of Andrews' Raiders. Since then, the President, in the name of Congress, has awarded more than 3,400 Medals of Honor to our nation's bravest Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen. As today is National Medal of Honor day, please take the time to read some of these incredible stories of bravery.  
This is the scene in front of the Supreme Court today as the Court hears #HobbyLobby oral arguments. #ReligiousFreedomForAll
We're celebrating America's agriculture today. Did you know that agriculture accounts for nearly one-quarter of Arkansas’s economic activity and one out of every six jobs in Arkansas is tied to agriculture?
Indiana has one of the most business and family friendly tax environments in the country
NA
Another stop I made last week during my travels around Idaho was at the Idaho National Laboratory in Idaho Falls.  Senator Jim Risch and I had the opportunity to welcome two of our Senate colleagues, Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee Ranking Member Senator Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and Committee Member Senator John Barrasso (R-Wyoming) to the INL for an in-depth tour.  Senator Risch and I know how important the INL is to our state and region, but this was an opportunity to show a few of our colleagues the vital role the lab plays in our nation’s energy and national security.
More #snow in Washington, D.C., today, but my office is open and ready to assist you. #idpol
Senator Collins and Senator Angus S. King, Jr. with Sarah Smiley and her husband, Dustin, tonight.  Sarah, and her family, are being honored with the American Legion Auxiliary's 2014 Public Spirit Award.  Congratulations to the Smiley's!
Senator Collins spoke today to members of the National Association for Home Care & Hospice  - including folks from the Maine Home Care and Hospice Alliance - about her support for home-based care.
Cornyn, Barrasso: Allow Vote on Measure to Speed Up Natural Gas Exports to Ukraine:
Cornyn: Sanctions Alone Aren’t Enough:
I support Hobby Lobby in pushing back against Obamacare’s overreaching contraception mandate because all Texans and all Americans have the right to practice their religious beliefs without obstruction from the federal government.  I joined in filing an amicus brief in support of this challenge to the Democrats’ failed health care law.
Senator Corker traveled throughout the state last week, holding 11 events across eight Tennessee counties. At events in Davidson, Coffee, Rutherford, Williamson, Montgomery, Wilson, Putnam, and Hamilton counties, the senator provided an update on his work to solve the big issues facing our nation.
LIKE if you agree that the federal government does not have the authority to force people to violate their faith! #ReligiousFreedomForAll
The Hobby Lobby case is about whether the federal government can force people to violate the dictates and teachings of their faith. #ReligiousFreedomForAll
A new poll shows 78% of voters favor requiring proof of citizenship before someone is allowed to vote.  Are you one of them?
Stand with #HobbyLobby for religious liberty! #SCOTUS
I stand with Hobby Lobby for religious liberty.  Do you? #SCOTUS
With less than a week left to enroll, more people have lost their health insurance as a result of Obamacare than have gotten it. #FullRepeal
The EPA’s thirst for controlling your water is never quenched. Today, the agency proposed a new rule, which seems to in effect grant itself jurisdiction over most water in the country whether it’s on private property or not. The EPA is already prosecuting Wyoming land owners who are trying to make improvements on their own property. The EPA is looking for every opportunity to regulate private property. I fought their Blueways rule, and will fight this Waters of the United States rulemaking.
Are you an inventor or entrepreneur? Come join me in Riverton on April 5 at Central Wyoming College for my annual Inventors Conference. This is your opportunity to learn how to turn your invention and entrepreneurial dreams into a reality. We’ll have speakers and other Wyoming inventors on hand to share knowledge, expertise and wisdom on securing patents, developing business plans and marketing products. The conference is free and open to the public. To find out more and for information on registering, click the link below.
NA
NA
You know it's spring when the Sandhill Cranes arrive in Kearney.
The snow in Washington didn't slow down Korean War veterans who made the trip from Nebraska through the Honor Flight program. It was a great privilege to greet these brave men and thank them for their service to our country.
Dr. Norman Borlaug’s statue joins the statue of Samuel Kirkwood as Iowa’s honorees to the National Statuary Hall Collection.  Click the link below to find out more about Borlaug’s statue and visit http://www.aoc.gov/capitol-hill/national-statuary-hall-collection/about-national-statuary-hall-collection for more information on the National Statuary Hall Collection.
Norm Borlaug statue unveiled in US Capitol today Fitting tribute 2 man who saved 1B ppl frm famine on 100th anniv of his birth, natl ag day
Senator Grassley spoke about Dr. Norman Borlaug’s legacy today at the unveiling ceremony of Borlaug’s statue in the National Statuary Hall Collection. Read Grassley’s remarks here: 
The statue of Dr. Norman Borlaug was unveiled at the U.S. Capitol today, joining 99 other distinguished honorees from each of the states in the National Statuary Hall Collection. Borlaug is known as the Father of the Green Revolution and he is credited with saving more than 1 billion people from starvation. Today also marks the 100th anniversary of Borlaug’s birth as well as National Ag Day. Learn more about Borlaug and his work at www.worldfoodprize.org.
ICYMI: Senator Jack Reed and I spoke on the Senate floor today about the need to #RenewUI quickly. WATCH: http://bit.ly/OX90Ew
As we move into the spring season, I reminded Col. Leady of the utmost need to keep a close eye on the snowmelt in the Upper Missouri River Basin and to make sure he is doing all he can to prevent and prepare for potential flooding in the region. While the current forecast indicates we do not have a serious risk of spring flooding on the Missouri River because high levels of mountain snow are offset by very little snow on the plains, we know from past experiences that if we receive extensive rainfall on top of mountain snowmelt, flood risk can increase quickly. As such, it is imperative that Corps monitor the situation closely so we are well prepared for any potential flooding.
Congratulations to the North Dakota EMS Association 2014 Stars of Life!
Had good meeting today with Katie Vculek and Joshua Stustrud, two of our state's outstanding FAA leaders who are fine examples of why it's important to celebrate National Agriculture Day today. All of North Dakota's farmers and ranchers deserve our thanks, today and every day, for the important work they do.
North Dakota's economy continues to lead nation.  The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis has announced that North Dakota has the strongest personal income growth in country.  This is the sixth time in the past seven years that we have earned this distinction. 
If you restrict those of faith from applying their conscience to the world around them, then you quench the progress of freedom. It is David Green's faith practiced in his day-to-day business decisions that led him and his family to build a successful, nationwide company. It is the same conscience that compelled Green to guarantee his employees a day off during the week so that it could be spent in their religious communities and with their families. It was also this same belief that compelled Green to care for the wellbeing of Hobby Lobby's employees, providing hourly wages far above the national average and providing them health benefits before the federal government mandated it. Do we really want to tell people like David Green he no longer has the freedom to apply his faith convictions to how he operates a private business? Today I spoke on the Senate floor regarding my support for Hobby Lobby, which can be viewed here: http://youtu.be/I6SEgk1fRfg
8 things to know about the search for Ugandan rebel leader Joseph Kony by Katie Leone at KJRH-TV: http://www.kjrh.com/news/world/8-things-to-know-about-the-search-for-ugandan-rebel-leader-joseph-kony
Today as the Supreme Court hears the case of Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc., let us remember the words of President George Washington, "We are contending for our own liberty, we should be very cautious of violating the rights of conscience in others, ever considering that God alone is the judge of the hearts of men and to Him only in this case they are answerable."
It raised premiums, cost people their insurance and doctors, and will spike prices. "Happy" birthday, Obamacare. http://t.co/ZEc86xZgJu
Americans need affordable health coverage. Obamacare is failing to provide it. See the latest evidence: http://t.co/hmB0LHPTx1
Senator Johnson met with students today from Asa Clark Middle School.
Johnson and Senate colleagues file amendment to remove divisive IMF changes, making Ukraine aid swifter, likelier. http://t.co/GaBNfmsDKG
Four years of Obamacare: Time to start repairing the damage. The American people have suffered enough already. http://t.co/vryUxR9T58
Obamacare's authors would rather celebrate its anniversary by not talking about it at all. http://t.co/zrkXTrGESi
Ron was happy to meet with the Wisconsin representatives of Future Farmers of America this morning! National FFA Organization 
#Illinois #veterans wait an average of 328 days for disability claims. Today I questioned U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Sec. Shinseki about reducing these unacceptable wait times.
Today is National #AgDay. Did you know that #Illinois farmers are leaders in agriculture with $4 billion of goods exported each year?
The government shouldn't be able to force you to violate your religious beliefs.  Today the Supreme Court heard oral arguments for the Sebelius v. #HobbyLobby Stores, Inc and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius. I had a good conversation with Doug Wright earlier today about this Supreme Court case and the impact this case will have on our religious freedoms. 
Today the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments in Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. The right of all Americans to exercise our religious beliefs freely is a central founding principle of the United States. The threat to religious liberty caused by federal government overreach should be of concern for all Americans – whether or not they ascribe to a particular faith. I am hopeful the Supreme Court will protect the principle of religious liberty upon which our country was founded.
Happy #NationalAgDay to all who contribute to agriculture in Kansas and across the country. It was great to visit with Kansas State University College of Agriculture students in Washington today about the importance of this industry to our state.  Regardless of our job or where we live, agriculture matters to us. It puts food on our tables, clothes on our back, and the roof above our heads. If we want strong schools, growing businesses and vibrant communities, we must make certain farmers and ranchers in our state have the opportunity to prosper. When agriculture is successful, Kansas is successful.
Today I met with Vice Admiral Paul F. Zukunft about the future of the Coast Guard.  Admiral Z has been nominated to be the CG’s new Commandant, and he’s got experience with the Pacific and knows the Coast Guard has a key role in the Arctic.  Both those things are great for Alaska and the nation as a whole. I look forward to working with him.  http://1.usa.gov/1eMAfvr
Congrats to the Monroe Catholic High School boys basketball team-  48 wins in a row and this year’s 3A state champions!  As a former Monroe Ram myself, I couldn’t be prouder of these young men!
Congratulations to my friend, Rear Admiral Tom Ostebo, on his nomination as Deputy Commandant for Mission Support of the United States Coast Guard! Alaska is going to miss having such a great ally protecting our borders and marine life in the Arctic, but it’s a positive step for us in the big picture.  His passion and deep knowledge-based for Arctic issues will bring the conversation of the Coast Guard’s role in the Arctic to the decision-makers in Washington D.C.
In too many pockets of our state, the honeybucket remains a way of life, which is why I am pleased to announce the $10 million I included in the FY2014 Interior Appropriations Bill is now available for critical wastewater and drinking water projects in Alaska:
Tomahawk missiles keep our military strong, while beef jerky does not. READ my latest oped for Breitbart News HERE:http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Peace/2014/03/25/Tomahawk-Strong-Defense
'The Fish are Biting in Kentucky'-- Angela Caporelli encouraged Kentuckians to buy local before buying local was hip and cool.   Read more HERE: http://farmflavor.com/us-ag/kentucky/animals-livestock-kentucky/fish-biting-kentucky/
Most of us, whether you’re Republican or Democrat, believe in religious freedom. I think it goes against free exercise of religion when the government tells you that your tax dollars must to go towards something you find morally reprehensible.  WATCH, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaIQZB_SYvI
President Obama ought to explain to the Pope why he is telling businesses in America they can’t remain true to their faith and stay in business. Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/rand-paul-pope-francis-hobby-lobby-case-104983.html#ixzz2wz04PcdN
Today the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in Hobby Lobby's case against the #ObamaCare mandate.  Share if you stand with Hobby Lobby in support of religious freedom in America!
Looking forward to celebrating with the next generation of Agriculture today. Happy Agriculture Day!
Please take a moment to read this touching story about the service of Eugene Scott, a Kansas veteran whose family made sure he finally received 7 medals he earned in World War II but had never received. Mr. Scott's family came to us for help in locating his records. I am thankful he and his service will now get the recognition it deserves. If you or someone you know needs help with military honors, please contact my office to see if we can help.
Senator Rubio Comments On Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Case: http://1.usa.gov/1hnBbDL  Washington, D.C. – In light of today’s Supreme Court oral arguments on the Hobby Lobby case, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement defending religious liberty:    “Today, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in one of the most pivotal cases on religious liberty in the modern history of our country. Three companies – including Hobby Lobby, Mardel’s Books and Conestoga Wood Specialties – are taking a stand against ObamaCare and its requirement that all employers include contraception in their employee health plan. While these companies are leading the charge here, this case will ultimately impact many more businesses and organizations.   “ObamaCare has numerous fatal flaws, most of which inflict serious financial damage on the small businesses, workers and families that make up our economy. Additionally, through the contraceptive mandate, ObamaCare risks inflicting damage on the First Amendment right of our people to practice their faiths openly. By compelling employers to act against their faiths, this law insinuates that the practice of one’s religious beliefs is not applicable in a business setting, particularly if it runs counter to the norms sanctioned by the federal government. In sum, for people with deeply held religious beliefs, ObamaCare forces them to choose between their business or their conscience.   “The founders intended something different. They knew religious liberty to be a fundamental right and they intended for it to extend to all aspects of life, as long as it never violated the rights of others. Generations of Americans, of all faiths and none of all, have celebrated, defended and expanded religious freedom. Part of what distinguishes America from the rest of the world is that we do not feel threatened by each other’s faiths. History is filled with instances of a people’s right to worship being limited or suppressed, but we are blessed to live in a nation that believes people of all religions – or of no religion at all – have a right to live according to their creed.   “That is why I was proud to join with 88 members of Congress, of both political parties, in an amicus brief submitted in this case. That brief clearly demonstrates the long-held American tradition of respecting religious freedom, from the First Amendment to the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. I hope, and I pray, that the Supreme Court will uphold that tradition in this case by ruling in favor of religious liberty.” 
Rubio Delivers Senate Floor Speech on the Crisis in Ukraine
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Curb Unnecessary Federal Regulations That Hurt Economic Growth: http://1.usa.gov/1ruPGOm  “Antiquated and unnecessary regulations stand in the way of innovation, economic growth and opportunities for people to achieve the American Dream,” said Rubio. “Free enterprise works when job creators and consumers have a reasonable regulatory system that ensures safety and encourages competition.   “The federal government should be spelling out just how much regulations cost our economy, and then put itself on a regulatory diet that brings greater transparency, accountability and control to our regulatory code,” added Rubio. “The purpose of regulations should be to protect consumers and keep people safe, not to needlessly prevent innovation, economic growth and new job opportunities from happening.” 
Following Visit To Uber Headquarters, Rubio Discusses Regulatory Impediments To American Innovation On CNBC: http://1.usa.gov/1msImll  Rubio: “Yesterday I chose to go to Uber’s headquarters here in Washington, DC. It’s a car service company which is not being allowed to enter many markets in Florida simply because the established taxi cabs and the established transportation companies don’t want the competition. That was never the reason for regulation.”
Senator Rubio, Senate, House Colleagues Introduce Resolution On Russian Violation Of Arms Control Agreement: http://1.usa.gov/1nXlpbs  Rubio and House and Senate Colleagues Introduce Resolution on Russia’s Violation of the INF Treaty   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Select Committee on Intelligence, and Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), David Vitter (R-LA), Jim Inhofe (R-OK), John Cornyn (R-TX), and Roger Wicker (R-MS) today introduced a resolution concerning Russia’s violation of the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. A companion resolution is being introduced in the House by Congressman Mike Rogers (R-AL), Chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces; Congressman Joe Heck (R-NV), Chairman, House Intelligence Subcommittee on Technical and Tactical Intelligence; and Congressman Ted Poe (R-TX), Chairman, House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade.   In introducing the resolution, Rubio and his House colleagues issued the following statement:     “Fresh off the invasion of a sovereign state, Russian cheating cannot be interpreted in anything but the most sinister terms. Cheating is not a separate issue, but is rather recognized as an equal part of President Putin’s long term plan for a resurgent Russia.   “We have introduced this resolution because the viability of future arms control agreements depends on the reliability of current ones. The INF treaty is the central arms control accord of the nuclear era. We must treat it seriously and pursue violations relentlessly. There is simply no point in having treaties unless both sides treat them with the utmost fidelity, and act in a manner binding to the agreement.” 
Sen. Sessions made the following comments today on DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson’s meeting with various amnesty advocacy groups:  “It is shocking that the Department of Homeland Security, charged with enforcing our laws, would meet with amnesty groups to discuss ways to further defy and dismantle federal immigration law. Yet, Secretary Johnson has not met with his own ICE officers’ union and its courageous members who have spoken out to document the unlawful directives they are forced to follow. Mr. Johnson would do well to remember the oath he took to uphold the law.”
NA
In case you missed it: I talked First Amendment Freedoms and the importance of a free and open internet with Greta Van Susteren yesterday evening on Fox News  Watch: http://youtu.be/ymnwD-Hqrbo
Read more: http://www.lifenews.com/2014/03/24/supreme-court-should-uphold-hobby-lobbys-religious-freedom-overturn-obamas-hhs-mandate/
I’d be thrilled to have Pope Francis visit #Philadelphia - or any PA city or town - next year. #PopeInPhilly #WMOF2015 
The view from my office today … Happy Spring!
Here, Lt. Col. Chris Becking, of the Army Corps of Engineers, gives me an update on projects to deepen the Delaware River. This is critical to the economy of our entire region. The Delaware River is vital for our exporters and refiners in the Commonwealth, supporting jobs across all kinds of sectors and industries. I was glad to get Lt. Col. Becking's update on how to deepen this vital waterway in an environmentally responsible fashion.
Today, I met with Lt. Col. Chris Becking, Philadelphia District Commander of the Army Corps of Engineers, to discuss ongoing projects to deepen the Delaware River.
In honor of National Agriculture Day #AgDay2014
Attention PA high school students! Considering applying to one of our nation’s service academies? My staff will be hosting two information days this weekend in Allentown (http://ow.ly/uWsVP) and Hummelstown (http://ow.ly/uWuZl). Thank you for your interest in serving in our military!
