BREAKING: ALEXANDER, SENATE G.O.P. WIN THE SECOND AMENDMENT DEBATE. Anti-Second Amendment Proposals All Fail.
Read Senator Ayotte's full statement on gun legislation and the Manchin-Toomey amendment currently being considered by the Senate.
I voted to protect Missouri’s 2nd Amendment rights today.
In the three years since the president signed his health care takeover into law, it’s become increasingly clear that this flawed plan will only deliver more broken promises and more bad news for families and job creators nationwide. Take a moment to read my op-ed in today’s Springfield News-Leader highlighting why we must defund ObamaCare and replace it with common-sense health care solutions.
The Manchin-Toomey Amendment has failed -- I am proud to defend law-abiding Americans' Second Amendment rights.
Tune into C-SPAN 2 at 1:05 to hear me discuss protecting our veteran’s Second Amendment rights.   Don’t forget to share with your friends.
Protecting Second Amendment rights today on the Senate floor.
This afternoon the Senate will vote on amendments to Majority Leader Reid’s gun control bill. Each of these amendments will need 60 votes to pass. The first vote is scheduled to be on the Manchin-Toomey amendment on background checks. I will vote "no" on that amendment.
I introduced an amendment today that protects gun owners from having their private gun ownership information publicly released.
NA
Today I joined with a number of colleagues to introduce the Protecting Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act, legislation that would improve the current background check system, address school safety and mental illness in the criminal justice system and strengthen criminal gun laws by increasing resources for prosecuting gun trafficking and straw purchases. This will be offered as an alternative amendment to the current gun legislation pending on the Senate floor.
NA
I am heading to the Senate Floor to vote against the Manchin/Toomey background check proposal to the Firearms bill.  More background checks will not prevent firearms from getting into criminals hands, but will only serve to hinder law-abiding Idahoans access to firearms.
News Release: Yesterday, I joined a bipartisan group of colleagues to renew provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Extension Act (NAWCA).  The Gem State has 16 NAWCA projects that are either complete or now underway.  For example, The Henry’s Fork provides crucial migration stopovers, nesting grounds and foraging areas for 550,000 ducks, geese and swans and over 200,000 other wetland-dependent migratory birds.  NAWCA grants are used to protect and restore the quality wetlands and associated upland habitats in all 50 states, Canada and Mexico.
Breitbart: Cornyn Adds National Concealed Carry Amendment to Senate Gun Bill
The Senate will vote on as many as 9 gun amendments today, more tomorrow.
Due to a high volume of calls, our Washington, DC office is experiencing voice mail issues.  Callers may experience a fast-busy signal when attempting to leave a message. This is a Senate office-wide issue and technicians are working to resolve the problem as quickly as possible.
Cornyn: 2nd Amendment Not a Take-It-Or-Leave-It Proposition:
DMN: In Gun Debate, Texas Sens. Cruz and Cornyn Push Back
Cornyn Introduces National Conceal-Carry Reciprocity Legislation:
Koolaid alert on immigration bill: bill released at 2:30 am this morning, so how is anyone trying to delay it by wanting to read it, debate it, and possibly offer amendments?  Pure rubbish.
Newsmax: Cornyn, GOP to Seek Concealed-Carry Weapon Amendment to Gun Bill
Speaking on my amendment to provide resources to prosecute violent criminals and protect the Second Amendment.
Pathway to a national gun registry was just defeated in the Senate.   A crucial victory for the Second Amendment.
Press conference to introduce gun bill substitute that increases resources to prosecute criminals & protects Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens.
Many of my colleagues in other states may not realize or care what Second Amendment freedoms mean to Wyoming, but they are part of our way of life.  The Senate is set to vote on proposals today that would restrict that right in many areas and would make gun ownership more burdensome on lawful citizens.
Constituent service is a priority for Senate & House members and I salute the staff who works so hard to help others.
This evening, I voted against several measures that would have curtailed the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens.   I cosponsored, and voted in favor, of an amendment offered by Senators Cruz and Grassley that would have reduced violent crime by enhancing the federal government’s ability to prosecute those who fail background checks, or purchase weapons for criminals. The amendment improves the existing background check system by increasing access to mental health records; it also bolsters school safety.   Importantly, the Cruz-Grassley amendment would have fully preserved the constitutional rights of Nebraskans – a necessary requirement for me to support it. Unfortunately, the Senate did not adopt this commonsense measure.
Bringing a bit more Nebraska to Washington - Excited to learn that the new DC Metro rail cars will be made in Lincoln, Nebraska.
President Obama wanted 3 things on gun control -- ban assault weapons, limit magazine sizes, and expand background checks.   Fortunately, he'll lose all 3.
U.S. Senators Lindsey Graham, Ted Cruz, Chuck Grassley, and Dan Coats discuss the Grassley-Cruz-Graham alternative S. 649.  Yesterday CQ noted, "Momentum is building for a bipartisan background checks plan backed by the National RifleAssociation — and opposed by gun control groups — even as it slows for the proposal being pushedby Sens. Joe Manchin III, D-W.Va., and Patrick J. Toomey, R-Pa."
With Senators Ted Cruz, Chuck Grassley and Dan Coats this morning in Washington discussing our amendment to S. 649 on gun violence and protecting the Second Amendment.
Sen. Grassley coming to Marshalltown May 2 - Word Up by Andrew Potter - TimesRepublican.com
Southeast Iowa takes positions to D.C.
Senator Doesn't Llke President's Call For Crop Insurance Cuts
Grassley, Cruz Introduce Legislation That Targets Violent Criminals,  Safeguards Second Amendment
Many efforts were made today to address gun violence, but a majority of the restrictions presented were all predicated on one assumption that some how we think that the criminal element will single out this one law to comply with. Instead amendments such as the one to ban assault weapons and another to expanded the gun background check system would have only further restricted firearms for law-abiding Oklahomans. We can and should reduce violent crime in our nation, and we can do so without compromising our Constitutional rights. This is why I cosponsored and voted for a common-sense substitute amendment that would have placed the focus on enforcing current firearm laws, addressing mental health illness in our nation, and providing adequate resources to prosecute criminals and prevent them from attaining guns.  We have a historic privilege in the United States to exercise our right to keep and bear arms. As my liberal friends continue this battle on into next week, I will also continue the fight to prevent passage of any legislation that relinquishes citizens' Second Amendment rights.
Congratulations to my field representative Cale Walker and his wife on the birth of their son, Mac. He was born a healthy 7lbs 1 oz on Sunday. The first picture I received of Mac already had him sporting an OSU outfit!
Today in my op-ed in The Hill, I call on the President to get serious about challenges facing our military. Syphoning defense funding away to fuel an astounding growth in government programs is significantly undermining the future reach of our military has left zero-margin for uncertainty or strategic surprise. Our nation has a mismatch between the missions and capabilities we expect our Armed Forces to maintain and the budget resources provided to them. We can and must work this out, but to get there the President must set aside political posturing and finally get serious about working with Congress to find a lasting solution to the many challenges facing our military. The men and women in uniform deserve nothing less.  http://thehill.com/special-reports-archive/1513-defense-and-cybersecurity-april-2013/294313-president-obama-must-get-serious-about-challenges-facing-the-military#ixzz2Qj4AArGp
Senator Baldwin and I have agreed on a Wisconsin judicial nominating commission. You can read more about it here:  http://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=195529ef-a867-4bce-bb4e-080a872329b1
I am disappointed that the Senate could not come together to support a bipartisan proposal that would reduce gun violence and protect law-abiding gun owners, but American voters are the ultimate judge of today’s result
I met today with the families of the Newtown tragedy because I wanted to hear their stories first-hand and learn about the victims themselves, just as I did with the family of Hadiya Pendleton.  The Newtown and Pendleton families, along with countless other families affected by gun violence, will remain in my prayers.  I remain hopeful my colleagues will rally around common-sense, bipartisan solutions to reduce gun violence while protecting Second Amendment rights
NA
I voted no on the Toomey/Manchin background check amendment to the gun control bill.  This amendment failed to reach the required 60 vote threshold.  I would like to thank all who have added their voice to protect the 2nd Amendment and defeat this gun control proposal.
"Gun-control advocates point to polls that show support for expanding background checks. But members of Congress do not get to vote on broad poll questions. They have to vote on specific legislation. If we are trying to minimize the burden on law abiding gun owners while taking significant steps to prevent the next Sandy Hook, the Toomey-Manchin amendment fails both elements of that test."
The Senate will be voting on several amendments to the gun control bill today.  I appreciate all who have added their voice to protect the 2nd Amendment.  If you haven't added your voice yet, now is the time to make yourself heard.
Today I went to the Senate floor to speak in support of reasonable, Constitutional background checks for firearm purchases and reflect on the January 2011 tragedy in Tucson
McConnell: “The government should not punish or harass law-abiding citizens in the exercise of their Second Amendment rights, and it’s that focus on protecting communities and preserving our constituents’ constitutional rights that will be my guide as we begin to vote on amendments to this bill.”
Today during the Senate Appropriations education subcommittee hearing, I had the opportunity to question Secretary Arne Duncan on various aspects of federal education policy.  It was also a pleasure to have Fort Leavenworth School District Superintendent Keith Mispagel as my guest. Afterward, Superintendent Mispagel and I had the opportunity to visit about issues impacting military children and families, and I appreciate him taking the time to attend the hearing and speak with me while in Washington this week.
President Dwight D. Eisenhower famously said, "The proudest thing I can claim is that I am from Abilene.”   I was pleased to see Abilene named one of the best small towns to visit in 2013.
There are reports this morning regarding several suspicious letters and packages sent to the White House and United States Senate. As FBI investigators and Capitol Police are working to resolve these concerns, we remain vigilant but are focused on the tasks at hand.
The 168th Air Refueling Wing is eager, anxious and ready to take up the challenge of added and expanded duties as military activities increase in the North Pacific region.  I asked the Director of the Air National Guard if the 168th will be allowed to increase their capabilities and responsiveness through added staff and equipment from the U.S. Air Force.  The ANG says they are all for it, and they will work with us and the USAF to make it a reality.
Alaskans have been watching the Senate debate gun legislation closely, because they want to keep Americans safe as much as anyone but don’t believe they need to compromise their 2nd Amendment rights to get there.  We all agree that we want to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally unstable, but there’s a number of paths to the same destination.  A lot of attention has been paid to the Manchin-Toomey amendment, but an alternative has been presented by Senator Charles Grassley, my Republican colleague from Iowa.  I believe his legislation is more in line with the views of Alaskans because it accomplishes our shared goals without adding any new steps or layers of bureaucracy for any law-abiding Alaskan who wants to purchase a firearm for sport or protection.  I support Senator Grassley’s substitute amendment because it strengthens the existing background check process, enforces our already-tough federal laws on the books, works harder to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill, addresses gun trafficking and straw purchasing, and ensures our schools are as safe as possible.  I hear Alaskans clearly – and I hear their calls for action and answers to violence.  I will continue to fight for their rights as well as the lives of their loved ones.
I had a great meeting today on Arctic issues with the President of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson.  I work with Senators from all 50 states, but Alaska also has a lot of common interests, opportunities and challenges with Arctic countries like Iceland.  The U.S. is an Arctic Nation because of Alaska, and the other northern nations are moving forward on policies - we need to move, too.
Know there has been a lot of interest, so I wanted to make sure you knew why I opposed Manchin-Toomey...I do not believe it would be effective in preventing the kind of heartbreaking loss of life seen in Newtown or in other recent tragic incidents.  It does, however, contain several provisions that would make it more difficult for law-abiding Ohioans to exercise their Constitutionally-guaranteed rights.  Read more on our website below.
I introduced the Harbor Equity Act today, which prioritizes smaller Harbors for dredging work – ultimately saving them from future shut-downs.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=771
"The GOP is supposed to be the party of limited government but it has not done a very good job of proving it. If Republicans can become the party of balanced budgets and fiscal responsibility, we can appeal to millions from all walks of life who genuinely fear for the burden we’re placing on our children."  If we don’t evolve and adapt, the Republican Party will die. Click below to read my entire op-ed on the future of the GOP.   http://rare.us/story/rand-paul-the-gop-must-evolve-or-die/
Today, I attended the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing to review the President's proposed FY 2014 Department of Homeland Security budget.  Click below to watch me question Secretary Napolitano's commitment to arming commercial pilots.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eluygcavkLw
Speaking with KCTV 5 @CBSNews in Kansas City about the suspicious packages investigated in the Capitol Complex today.
The U.S. Capitol Police have removed the suspicious package from the Hart Senate Office Building and the envelopes from the third floors of the Hart and Russell Senate Office Buildings, and the buildings are now back open and running.   I want to thank the Capitol Police for their diligent work and for all they do to keep our staff and visitors safe.
Mike Huckabee Surprised Democrats Would Go For “Fairly Rigid Pathway”: http://1.usa.gov/13jERkL Huckabee: “I think you’re on the right track with the immigration bill. It sounds like it is a very responsible and even-handed approach that I hope Republicans and Democrats can come together on. Because Lord knows, this has been an ongoing problem. Not resolving it is an unacceptable thing.”
MYTH  vs. FACT: Security Triggers: http://1.usa.gov/11g5VhT  FACT: After 10 years, there are six security trigger steps that must be met before any currently illegal immigrant is given access to a green card. If any of these triggers are not achieved, no person currently here without documentation will be granted a green card. For example: If e-verify is not implemented for 20 years, then it will be 20 years before any current illegal immigrant could have access to a green card.
MYTH vs. FACT: A Cautionary Tale Of How Immigration Myths Don’t Pan Out: http://1.usa.gov/Z3lbC6
MYTH vs. FACT: The Perils Of Peddling An “Amnesty Phone” Myth Rubio sets the record straight on The Laura Ingraham Show http://1.usa.gov/Z3r7ea
ICYMI: WSJ: A New Study Shows The Potential Economic Benefits Of Reform
Medved: "Marco Rubio, appreciate your clarity, your courage, your conviction on this issue which is crucial to the economic future of the United States."
Fact Checking Today’s Immigration News Reports: http://1.usa.gov/ZoHAtd
http://yellowhammerpolitics.com/blog/shelby-fights-gun-control-legislation/
http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/04/sen_richard_shelby_gun_backgro.html#incart_river_default
Part II of Shelby floor speech opposing gun control legislation http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUum1SSAlGI&feature=youtu.be
Part I of Shelby floor speech opposing gun control legislation: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l03DA_WxEJk&feature=youtu.be
ALERT: Senator Shelby will be speaking on the Senate floor at approx. 2:10 ET regarding his opposition to gun control legislation.
Sessions released the following statement today on the Gang of Eight’s immigration reform proposal:  “The bill produced by the Gang of Eight is nearly 1,000 pages long and will impact every aspect of our society and every single American worker and taxpayer. It will take months—not days or weeks as the Majority proposes—to review this legislation.  Already, we know that the bill’s sponsors have abandoned their core promise to the American people that enforcement would come first. This bill is legalization first, not enforcement first. The day the bill passes there will be effective amnesty for millions of illegal immigrants, with only the same promises we have heard before of enforcement to occur at some later date. That amnesty will then become official in a matter of months—once DHS merely submits a plan for border security in the future. That’s not a trigger—that’s the honor system. DHS develops the metrics and DHS decides when those metrics are met. Why should we trust DHS to follow through—after amnesty is granted—when this administration has aggressively defied those laws already in place?  In recent years interior enforcement has been significantly undermined. And yet our interior enforcement needs are almost totally neglected in the Gang’s proposal. Alarmingly, the bill leaves intact the single greatest obstacle to immigration reform: the Administration’s abuse of prosecutorial discretion to prevent the enforcement of federal law. It will also provide safe harbor to those who have committed a variety of offenses—ranging from identity theft, to multiple immigration violations, and even those with criminal records.  This bill opens up citizenship to recent arrivals and, remarkably, millions who overstayed their visas. If adopted, this bill would send the following message to the world: if you get a U.S. visa and it expires, never leave—just stay put and evade detection. It even opens up citizenship to those who have been deported from the country.  Economic concerns abound as well. Once illegal immigrants are granted green cards, they will become eligible for generous welfare and entitlement programs. Because of how these benefits are structured, low-wage illegal immigrants who are legalized will ultimately receive trillions more in benefits than they contribute to these programs. Obamacare alone, over the long term, will see its unfunded liability grow by $2 trillion. The unfunded obligation for Medicare and Social Security, together, would likely increase by $2.5 trillion.  Most importantly, this proposal would economically devastate low-income American citizens and current legal immigrants. It will pull down their wages and reduce their job prospects. Including those legalized, this bill would result in at least 30 million new foreign workers over a 10-year period—more than the entire population of the state of Texas. This at a time when 90 million Americans are outside the labor force and a record number of our citizens are on welfare.  As with 2007, this entire process has been marred from the beginning by allowing special interests to place their priorities above the national interest. Instead of spending months courting the support of big business and labor bosses in Washington, the Gang’s first meeting should have been with the immigration enforcement officers who know the flaws in our system better than anyone. And before proposing a dramatic increase in the number of low-skill foreign workers, they should have met with experts about how this would hurt struggling Americans.  Has Congress forgotten who it represents? Congress’ duty is to the American people.  I believe it is going to be clearly established that this plan will be detrimental to working Americans—and will not pass. What Congress needs to understand is that our obligation is to law-abiding Americans who have seen their wages erode over the last decade. We can’t further weaken their financial position in order to provide more benefits to those here unlawfully.  I understand the hard work that went into this bill. But as we explore its many flaws and loopholes in the coming days, I am confident the American public will firmly reject it—and will demand reform that puts the national interest first.”
Great to see so many folks from South Carolina for our first Palmetto Wednesday - complete with sweet tea and boiled peanuts!
My statement on The Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act: I did what I thought was the right thing for our country. I sought out a compromise position that I thought could move the ball forward on an important matter of public safety. My only regret is that our amendment did not pass. It’s not the outcome I hoped for, but the Senate has spoken on the subject, and it’s time to move on. We have a lot of other very important issues to deal with such as getting the economy back on track, dealing with the debt ceiling and creating more jobs for Pennsylvanians.
I will be speaking on the Senate floor at about 3:45 on the Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act. You can watch live at the link below:
NA
Glad to have the support of the Pennsylvania District Attorney Association:
This is a fantastic story on how my Johnstown regional manager, John Frick, worked tirelessly with community advocates to make it possible for lumber from Pa. to be used in construction of the USS Somerset, the ship honoring the heroes of Flight 93. Terrific work everyone. I've also written the Secretary of the Navy to urge that USS Somerset be commissioned in Philadelphia.
ICYMI: Pittsburgh Tribune-Review:  "Toomey won't retreat on background checks bill." This isn't about politics; it's about common sense.
NA
Check out Brian Perry’s weekly column – “Wicker right to debate guns”  http://neshobademocrat.com/main.asp?SectionID=7&SubSectionID=302&ArticleID=28834&TM=39660.65
In case you missed it yesterday on The JT Show: Chris Cox from the NRA discusses their support of our plans to stop the Obama Administration's attack on the Second Amendment. http://podcast.supertalk.fm/stmrn2/3951163.mp3
