NA
Senator Ayotte was in Salem this morning to attend the Woodbury School's annual Veterans Day program, which is sponsored by the 6th grade class.  What a wonderful way to honor New Hampshire's veterans!
President Obama stated yesterday that he was sorry that millions of Americans being forced off their health care plans, “are finding themselves in this situation based on assurances they got from me.” If the president truly regrets these broken promises, I hope he’ll work with Congress to ensure all Americans can keep their health care.
Our nation’s veterans served our country with honor and should not be forgotten when they return home.   Click below to read how we’re trying to eliminate veteran homelessness by 2015.
According to Forbes, NC premiums will increase by 136% due to #Obamacare. Sorry isn’t enough, Mr. President.
We had a great time in Mountain View honoring the service and sacrifice of our veterans.
We are currently accepting applications from students interested in interning this spring. The spring session dates are January 6 – May 16, 2014 for Washington and January 13 – May 2, 2014 for the state. Deadline to apply is Nov. 30th. Get the full details by following the link below.
Pastor Saeed is imprisoned in Iran for practicing his Christian faith. Our prayers are with him as reports indicate he was transferred to one of the most brutal prisons and we’re urging the President to call for his release.
NA
Americans across the country are being hurt by the President’s health care law due to dropped coverage, higher prices and the loss of their doctor. In Wyoming alone over 2,600 people have received cancellation notices—even though the President promised you could keep your health plan if you liked it. I would like to hear from folks in Wyoming about how the health care law is specifically affecting you, your family or your small business. Please share your story with me by clicking on the link below.
We need a #TimeOut on the implementation of #Obamacare.  The promises of this law are nothing like the realities. "Like" and "Share."
News Release: Many hard-to-reach rural communities are struggling due to the lack of sufficient broadband services, and Idaho is no exception to this.  The deficiencies in broadband service in rural parts of the country are not only hurting our ability to compete in a global economy, but also are impacting quality of life. I recently joined my colleagues in calling on the Federal Communications Commision (FCC) to do more to ensure that rural America is not disadvantaged or left behind as the commission reforms and modernizes important programs.  Congress and the FCC must do everything they can to incentivize, not stifle, investment in emerging technologies in rural America.
Yesterday, I appeared on “Markets Now” on the Fox Business Network to discuss the U.S. Senate Finance Committee hearing in which U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius testified about the rollout of Obamacare. Watch the video below.
Playbook: "YA CAN'T MAKE IT UP: N.Y. Times stuffs the apology on A12 (with an A1 refer)"
Apology enough, or do you expect POTUS to do more for those tens of millions of Americans who will not "be able to keep what you have" because of Obamacare
Far more cancellation notices for existing health care plans than sign-ups in state exchanges
Obama apologies but won't admit the full extent of expected cancellations: “We’re talking about five percent of the population who are in what’s called the individual market... .” Not the whole truth: tens of millions will also lose their employer-provided coverage
Don't miss it: joining The Tonight Show with Jay Leno tonight at 10:35 pm CT.
Nothing is true about this screenshot. Period.
If the reports are correct, this is a terrible deal, and it is dangerous for America. The prospect of Iran acquiring nuclear weapon capacity is the gravest national security threat we face, yet it appears that this 'deal' does not require Iran to dismantle even a single centrifuge or turn over even a single pound of enriched uranium. To lift economic sanctions on Iran in exchange for an amorphous promise to pause their immediate efforts to acquire nuclear weapons makes no sense whatsoever. It is almost surely unverifiable, and lifting the sanctions will only encourage Iran to surreptitiously continue to develop nuclear weapons--weapons that, if acquired, pose an existential threat to America and our allies.  The United States should negotiate from a position of strength, not weakness. We should have insisted on good-faith measures before meeting with the Iranians directly, such as the release of Pastor Saeed Abedini and the acknowledgment of Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state.  Prime Minister Netanyahu has taken the extraordinary step of condemning what is happening in Geneva as a 'very, very bad deal.' President Obama should not abandon our friend and ally Israel, and he should not cut a deal that endangers the national security of the United States.
Just an observation, but the old line WAS that you could keep your health care plan and an Iranian nuke was unacceptable #ObamaFlipFlops
In an NBC News interview this week, President Obama apologized to people who are losing their health care plans despite repeated promises from him that they wouldn’t.  That, however, will not give people back the health care plans they liked and lost.  If he wants to give credibility to this statement then he can support Senator Ron Johnson’s bill, S. 1617, that would ensure people can actually keep health plans they like. The promise the president apologized for is STILL on the White House website.
We warned and fought against the grave consequences of Obamacare, but it’s more than theoretical now. It’s real and you are personally affected. If you would like to share your own story, click this link. republican.senate.gov/YourStory
Pro-life leaders in attendance agreed that Graham is the right man for the job. Darla St. Martin, co-executive director of the National Right to Life Committee, for instance, told Townhall why she is fully behind him.  “We’ve got our best shot with Lindsey Graham,” she said. “He is a great author and an extremely articulate spokesperson. He engages senators in both parties. I think everyone who saw him today was impressed.”  Maureen Ferguson, the Senior Policy Advisor for the Catholic Association, shared St. Martin’s confidence in the senator from South Carolina.  “I think he has a demonstrated record of bringing people together,” she told Townhall. “He is the perfect man for the perfect issue.”
Spoke 2 BILD Christian missionary grp in Ames 20 countries, 26 states represented They R doing good in WORLD
Gr8 mtg w/ 50 ppl at Mercy Arthritis in Urbandale this am Lots of talk re: health care
Obamacare: Wld Obamacare pass if ppl knew you couldn’t keep health care like Pres Obama promised?
Will be w gov perry in Des Moines tonite.  ASSUME something.  Use ur imagination
A Nevadan has been nominated as Bureau of Land Management Director. I look forward to discussing land management in Nevada with him.  Roll Call: BLM Nominee Will Face Sage Grouse Questions: http://roll.cl/1bj5RVj
Based on the latest information available and after discussions with our allies, it is clear to me that the proposal on the table in Geneva would do nothing to prevent a future with Iranian nuclear weapons. The agreement would leave Iran's nuclear infrastructure in place while undermining the sanctions pressure we worked so hard to build. In short, it will increase the likelihood of war when we should be doing all we can to achieve a peaceful outcome. I will continue to press for intensified sanctions until I am assured we are not leaving our children a world with Iranian nuclear weapons. http://1.usa.gov/1d698IK
We owe everything to those who wore the uniform in defense of our country. This legislation will make it easier for our returning heroes to take advantage of government employment services with the ultimate goal of getting a high-quality job. http://1.usa.gov/1foFCPR
The president now acknowledges that people relied on his promises about #Obamacare to their detriment.  The president also now regrets that he misled the American people.  While an apology is a good first step, it doesn't help those Americans who lost the insurance policies they liked.  It doesn't help those who have seen their hours cut or their positions eliminated because of this law.  It also doesn't help those who are seeing their premiums and other costs increase.  We will now have to see what action he is willing to take to protect those who have been harmed by this law.  I suggest that we suspend Obamacare in its entirety, since Obamacare in its entirety is harming people.
Blessed to celebrate my dad Ray's 98th birthday with a delicious cake baked by Robba. I'm thankful to spend time with him in Kansas today.
U.S. and international sanctions have been effective in bringing Iran to the negotiating table but have so far failed in their real goal, which is to compel Iran to abandon its nuclear program. The United States and our partners should not trade away sanctions while allowing Iran to continue its pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Today I renewed my call for Iran to immediately release jailed American Pastor Saeed Abedini by sponsoring a resolution with Senators Risch, Crapo, Cruz, Kirk, Leahy, Paul, Portman and Rubio. No one should be persecuted for their religious beliefs and this resolution recognizes that freedom of religion is a fundamental right that no government should deny.
Many Alaskans on the Kenai Peninsula know about Herb Stettler's Korean War service and his warm, kind spirit.  As we enter this Veteran's Day weekend, I want to introduce everyone to him in my most recent Veteran Spotlight interview.  I hope everyone reaches out to thank a veteran this weekend, shake their hand and tell them how much this grateful nation appreciates their service.
I want to thank the Alaskans who reached out about the incorrect Letter to the Editor in today’s paper.  To set things straight: I voted against the Affordable Care Act when it passed on a party line vote and have been against it in the years since.  As to the claims of some sort of exemption, I want Alaskans to know that despite the exchanges clearly not being ready for prime time, both myself and my staff will be placed in the exchange as the Affordable Care Act requires.
One in ten Alaskans is a veteran and here at the Hiring our Heroes job fair 120 local businesses have come out to give them their next mission: a great job.  If you're coming out to the University Center, please say hi to Greg and Andrea who are standing ready to help veterans and their families navigate their federal benefits and answer questoins.
I am so saddened to hear that my friend J.P. Pestrikoff passed away yesterday at the age of 103. J.P. was an amazing man and an important Alutiiq culture bearer for Kodiak Island and beyond. I was lucky enough to spend some time with him this Spring when I visited Port Lions -- I will never forget his quick wit, his smile and of course his jokes. My thoughts and prayers are with his family today and with the entire community of Port Lions.
Some issues are not conservative or liberal--they are issues of justice. Sexual assault will continue to plague our military until justice is served.  Read more: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Peace/2013/11/08/MILITARY-JUSTICE-IMPROVEMENT-ACT
Senator Rubio wishes all veterans, active service members and their families a peaceful and meaningful Veterans Day: http://1.usa.gov/1bfHYME  While we continue to enjoy the many freedoms this great country has to offer, let us remember that freedom is not free. It requires constant vigilance and sacrifice in its defense.  And so this Monday, we honor those men and women who have selflessly and courageously served in our armed forces...
Senator Rubio: Human Rights Abusers Have No Place On The UN Human Rights Council: http://1.usa.gov/1iSjIEt  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement urging the United States and other United Nations (U.N.) members to oppose the candidacies of human rights violators to the U.N. Human Rights Council. On Tuesday, the U.N. General Assembly is scheduled to vote on the matter...
NA
I have always been a strong supporter of the rights of the unborn. This week I cosponsored the Pain Capable Unborn Child Act, which would protect unborn children after 20 weeks of development, when we know they are capable not only of feeling pain, but also of recognizing their mother's voice.
Honored to be a part of the Parris Island celebration of the Marine Corps' 238th Birthday! Oorah!
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly e-update. Prefer inbox delivery? Sign up at http://ow.ly/qDL9l. Thanks for reading!
Kris, the kids, and I are going to participate in the 2013 Walk to End Alzheimer’s in Philly on Sunday at 10:30 am at Citizen’s Bank Park near the 3rd Base Gate.  Expecting about 10,000 people to join us! Hope you can too.
It is always an honor to greet and thank our veterans. I was glad to talk with several of our service members today during my visit to Carson Long Military Academy. On behalf of our grateful commonwealth, thank you.
Thanks to the Carson Long cadets who welcomed me to the school today.
This morning, I visited Carson Long in Perry County, the nation's oldest boarding school with military training, to meet with cadets and veterans.
"...To care for him who shall have borne the battle..." Bringing new legislation to help our #vets as they transition from serving in the armed forces.
As my friend State Senator Anthony Hardy Williams says, "Some things are beyond partisan divides." It is time to protect our kids. I cannot believe this is not already law.
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I support Easton's Ed Smith and Philly's Gerald McHugh as judicial nominees for PA's Eastern District.
Attn PA firefighters: the Department of Homeland Security / FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency is now accepting applications for Assistance To Firefighters Grants (AFG). The deadline is Dec. 6.
I am deeply grateful to all the brave men and women who have served in our nation’s armed forces. As a veteran, the son of a veteran, and the father of an officer in the Air Force, I understand the profound sacrifice of those who have fought to protect our freedoms.  We thank our veterans and remember their commitment to keeping Americans safe and secure throughout our nation’s history.
