ICYMI: Sen. Alexander's column in Tazewell, Tennessee’s Claiborne Progress: “School choice: The best way to improve education.” Alexander wrote: “By removing many of the federal, state and union rules and constraints placed on traditional public schools, charter schools liberate teachers and principals to use their own good judgment to help children learn what they need to know.” Please “SHARE” or “LIKE” if you agree: “It’s time to free up our children to learn, free up our teachers to educate and free up parents to decide what’s best for their child.” http://bit.ly/17mACX4
ICYMI: In the Tennessean, Tom Wilemon writes, “The recent recall of tainted drugs made by a Texas-based compounder confirms that ‘Congress must act soon to prevent another health crisis,’ U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., the ranking member of the health policy committee said today... ‘Senators on the health committee have worked carefully to put together the best possible legislation, because we knew that the lack of accountability over compounding businesses would lead to another crisis like last year’s meningitis outbreak. We know the problem, we have the solution, and it’s up to Congress to pass this bill as soon as it returns.’ ” http://tnne.ws/1d0LSwQ
KY3-TV reported on my visit to the the Fast & Friendly Fuel Stop in Ozark today to discuss my boutique fuels bill and the need to pursue more American energy.
The St. Joseph News-Press wrote about my letter calling for HHS to increase transparency and release data on ObamaCare premiums. This law is flawed, and that’s why I’m co-sponsoring Senator Cruz’s legislation to defund it.
Josh Duggar is filling in on the Tony Perkins show and we'll be talking with him in about 10 minutes on issues including defending legislative prayer.
President Obama delayed a consumer protection provision in the health care law that limits patients’ out of pocket costs. We are working to repeal the law. In this edition of 'From the Mailbag' we discuss our efforts to unravel this law.
Listen live this morning to our interview with KASU's Mark Smith. We'll be joining him in about 20 minutes to talk about some of the hot topics in Washington.
Please join me for a live tele-town hall TODAY. I want to hear your thoughts and questions on issues that concern you.    WHEN: Today, Wednesday, August 14th at 12:15 p.m. (MT)  TO JOIN THE CONVERSATION DIAL: (855) 756-7520   PASS CODE: 22370#
Heading home to Idaho Falls this morning. Been a great couple of days in the Treasure Valley.
Enjoyed being on the Nate Shelman show on @KBOI670 and taking questions from callers in the Treasure Valley. #idpol #radio
Cornyn Op-Ed: Long Border Entry Wait Times Hurt Our Economy:
Obama's unkept promises on premiums in O-care
Obama campaign manager Jim Messina: “My favorite political philosopher is Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson once said everyone has a plan until you punch them in the face. Then they don’t have a plan anymore.” Quoted in Dan Balz's new book, Collision 2012
Remember when President Obama promised not to raise taxes on the middle class? Promise broken thanks to Obamacare.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Reminder: President Obama's DOJ encouraged the sale of these guns to violent drug cartel members, but doesn't want law abiding Americans to be able to purchase them: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-201_162-57598487/more-fast-and-furious-guns-surface-at-crimes-in-mexico/ #FastandFurious
Obamacare is causing even more small businesses to cut employees' hours -- forcing them to get by on less. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
I fear that without a quick reversal of current trends, Egypt may be on its way to becoming a failed state.  There are important issues at stake for our own national security and economic well-being as we watch events unfold.  They include:  • A failed state in Egypt will likely create ripple effects which impact American pocketbooks here at home.  A significant portion of oil on world markets comes from this region and instability, particularly as it relates to control of the Suez Canal, could have a negative economic effect.  In addition, the Canal is used by the American military.  A loss of use of the Canal would impact both our nation’s national security and economic interests.  • A failed state in Egypt is Al-Qaeda’s dream come true.  Al-Qaeda fears democracy in Egypt where people can have a say about their future and the rule of law replaces the rule of the gun.  Egypt, which has been a source of stability for American national security interests, could become a platform for the spread of radical Islam.    • Egypt is the center of the Arab World and has for over thirty years been living under a peace treaty with Israel.  If Egypt falls, radical elements would be free to operate with impunity.  This would effectively break the Camp David Accords and sever relationships between Israel and Egypt.
I was program at 7am Parkersburg Rotary Club 18members and guests present  isues: farm bill  food stamps ObamaCare campaign financeTaxReform
Today I began an investigation into the blurred lines between President Obama’s campaign arm and the White House. A series of coincidental events on climate change happened this week both from the White House and on the campaign side that could be a potential violation of the Hatch Act. To top it off, their week of events is ending with a climate change special from certain liberal media with reportedly no interviews from those challenging the theory. The White House, the President’s campaign, and the liberal media are weaving a false and potentially harmful narrative of alarmism. This agenda will leave our nation less secure, less prosperous and less informed. Just as the OFA has called for light to be shed on members of Congress not in lockstep with the President’s agenda, I will work to shed light on the coincidence of coordination in the Obama Administration that we continue to see unfold.   Read my full statement on the events here: http://1.usa.gov/1eKo92d
NA
I was honored to host the Central Illinois #Veterans Employment and Resource Fair with Rep. Aaron Schock in Peoria today to help vets find jobs.
Our #veterans deserve good jobs when they come home. Peoria businesses talked with vets today to make that happen.
 
 Learn more: http://1.usa.gov/14ym0AK
 
 Great pic taken by David Zalaznik of the Peoria Journal Star.
"Congress can disallow funding for ObamaCare and effectively stop the implementation of the law.  Yet doing that will require resolve. President Obama, along with all the Democrats, will accuse Republicans of trying to shut down the government by giving the president a spending bill that he must veto. But there is no "must" about it. If the president opts to shut down all of government instead of just ObamaCare, that will be his choice, not the wish of conservatives.  The truth is rarely a factor in today's political battles, though. Much of the media will echo the White House talking points about Republicans shutting down the government. Seniors will be told that Social Security and Medicare are in jeopardy if ObamaCare is not funded, the poor will be threatened with loss of benefits—well, you know the rest.  This is why some Republican leaders and consultants are pleading with conservatives in the House and Senate not to pick a fight with the president over ObamaCare. The Republican old guard warns that any fight could jeopardize the GOP's chances of taking the majority in the Senate in 2014 and keeping the House majority. Their do-nothing strategy? Allow ObamaCare to be fully implemented so the American people will see what a mess it is.  The problem with this logic is that once ObamaCare is fully implemented, it will destroy what's left of our personalized, free-market health system and make it very challenging to bring affordable, high-quality health care to Americans. The bureaucracy and the costs of national health care will grow dramatically, becoming increasingly difficult to dismantle as they grow.  ObamaCare will destroy the private-insurance market, incentivize businesses to cancel current health coverage for their employees, create physician shortages, and force Americans and states into total dependency on the federal government. After all that, it will be difficult, if not impossible, for the free market to resurrect a private health-care system built on doctor/patient decision-making."
“An issue this important demands attention from the very top. The commander-in-chief must hold the VA accountable. His leadership is essential to addressing this problem,” McConnell said.  Read more below:
Senator McConnell is talking VA claims backlog with the Louisville Chapter of Military Officers Assoc. of America today. For more info on the VA claims backlog, you can click here: http://bit.ly/17Nyvur
Please keep the UPS crew members, their families, friends and coworkers in your thoughts and prayers.
Can't beat Whittier on a nice day!  My staff is there holding mobile office hours at the Chambers Building taking in this gorgeous view. They're there for another hour before heading to Hope this afternoon- stop by and say hi if you're in the area.
If you've got an issue with the federal government, it's not always easy to come into one of my Alaska or DC offices to solve it -- so we're coming closer to you!  Every summer my staff holds 'mobile offices' around the state to help Alaskans.  So far this week, they've been in Valdez and Cordova.  This morning, they'll be in Whittier outside the Council Chambers Building and this afternoon at the Hope Post Office.  Be sure to stop by and say hi to Eric or Taylor!
Speaking at Ohio University Lancaster to the Chamber of Commerce the meeting about economic development and how we can better train workers.
Toured OU Lancaster to hear about all the great edu resources and programs they offer to students.
Celebrating 250 new jobs at ArmorSource in Hebron today. Proud that these Ohio made helmets will protect all those selflessly serving our country.
In case you missed it, last night I appeared in studio with Erin Burnett for CNN's Out Front.  Click below to watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGKgMocEoZE
NA
I am speaking today to the Louisville Forum and tomorrow to the Madisonville-Hopkins County Chamber of Commerce. Both of the events are sold out. Also tomorrow, I am participating in a meet and greet event in Greenville, Ky. If you are in the area, I hope to see you. Here are the details:  MEET AND GREET EVENT IN GREENVILLE TIME: 4:45 p.m. ET (3:45 p.m. CT) LOCATION: McDonald's Restaurant, 900 N Main St., Greenville, KY 42345
As the top Marine in the U.S. Congress, I was pleased to meet Daran Wankum of Merriam. He is an inspiration to those battling cancer and is the embodiment of our motto: Semper fidelis.   http://www.kmbc.com/news/kansas-city/merriam-mans-marine-dream-survives-cancer-battle/-/11664182/20623220/-/l1nihfz/-/index.html
ICYMI: Rubio In Panama City: Choice Is Between Defunding ObamaCare Or Hurting Seniors
Talking with Cheraw Mayor Andy Ingram while visiting Schaeffler Group USA in Chesterfield County
Glad to meet the hardworking folks at Georgia-Pacific in Alcolu
Please keep Officer Edward Davies, 41, a 25th district officer, and 6-year veteran of the force, in your thoughts and prayers. Officer Davies was shot Tuesday and is in critical condition. We need to remember each day the risk that our law enforcement officials take to protect our families.
Humbled to present the Bronze Medal and Air Commendation Medal to Tommy Verrell, a veteran of Vietnam, tonight in New Albany, MS. Joining us on stage is Mr. Verrell's wife, Joyce. Thanks to everyone who joined us to celebrate his medal ceremony.
