“Many of our veterans are traveling long distances to get the care that they deserve and across state lines and it is very difficult for many of them…Our veterans in our North Country deserve the same kinds of access [as] other more populated areas of the state,” Ayotte said.
American families are already making sacrifices to make ends meet amidst a weak economy, can they really afford a higher tax burden? Obama thinks they can.   Tax Policy Center finds that Obama’s budget would cause a higher tax burden on most Americans. Read more below.
We had a great tele-town hall tonight. If you would like to participate in our next event sign-up here.
We're talking to Arkansans tonight about the issues they're concerned about during our tele-town hall.
I spoke on the Senate floor earlier today about how Obamacare will be a “train wreck” for American taxpayers and their families.
VIDEO: It was recently brought to my attention that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has allocated more than $20 million to collect the customer spending habits of more than 10 million Americans.  The Bureau was founded with a mission to watch out for American consumers, not to watch them.  Watch my opening remarks at today’s Senate Banking hearing on the CFPB’s semi-annual report to Congress.
PHOTO: Produced in Twin Falls, Chobani is now featured as a home state product for Idahoans to enjoy while visiting my Washington, D.C., office.
News Release: Idaho Senator Jim Risch and I are seeking to redirect federal transportation funding to keep airport towers in Idaho open.  The legislation seeks to stop cuts by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) that would remove contracted control tower service in many small cities around the nation, including Idaho airports in Lewiston, Hailey, Pocatello and Idaho Falls.  There are ways to keep FAA towers open using unobligated research and capital funds from prior appropriations bills, but the FAA has not endorsed these alternatives.  This legislation, which is growing in support, will change the situation.
Senator Collins met individually with over 300 Mainers last week as dozens of school groups, families and other visitors traveled to Washington, D.C. during Maine’s spring break.  Here are a few photos.
FAA furloughs of air traffic controllers, leading to flight delays across the country, is a manufactured crisis.
Texas Times - Courage and Grace in West, Texas:
Another architect of Obamacare, Sen. Baucus, is retiring from Congress
Secretary Napolitano testifying now before the Senate Judiciary Committee
Good for POTUS
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 175 Tennesseans at this morning’s constituent breakfast on Capitol Hill. The breakfast, Tennessee Tuesday, is held each week the Senate is in session. For more information, please visit: http://1.usa.gov/14qbW20.
Senator Corker made the following statement yesterday after voting in favor of debating S. 743, “The Marketplace Fairness Act of 2013.” “I think most Tennesseans would agree that we’re fortunate not to have a state income tax, and to help ensure that remains the case, it’s important our sales tax system works. This is a states’ rights bill that gives states like Tennessee the ability to enforce existing state tax laws and collect sales taxes on online purchases if they choose. It also levels the playing field between local brick-and-mortar businesses, who have invested in the state and currently have to collect sales taxes, and online retailers who are sometimes out-of-state entities and do not have to collect the Tennessee sales tax,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/Zi9iZ5.
Unfortunately, today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing failed to provide specific, measurable ways DHS would verify border security if the immigration bill was made law and millions of illegal immigrants were given legal status.  Today's testimony did not offer adequate answers as to how provisions in this bill will help achieve a secure border. And currently, there are no objective metrics in place to ensure any triggers in this bill will be meaningful, all while the pathway to citizenship component remains contingent on this undefined border security: http://1.usa.gov/17VoDSk
How to help in West, a major victory for the Second Amendment, and more!  Read and SHARE our latest newsletter.
Happy 105th Birthday U.S. Army Reserve. Thank you for your continued dedication to protect and defend our nation. I appreciate and admire the service of these men and women who risk life and limb to keep Americans safe.
Senator Mark Begich (D-Alaska) and I introduced legislation that would require the Government Accountability Office to submit a report updating Congress on the progress of the FCC’s Universal Service Fund (USF) reforms. These reforms will impact both rural and urban Nebraska communities as the federal government seeks to address insufficient broadband access. I hope the Senate will quickly pass this commonsense, bipartisan legislation.
Medicare Advantage/stock incident, Tavenner nomination
Congress shld learn fr Obamacare 2 legislate more&delegate less 2 exec branch w Immigr reform.
I'm pleased to be working with Senator Mark Warner on the Government Customer Service Improvement Act.  http://augustafreepress.com/2013/04/22/mark-warner-helps-introduce-bipartisan-government-customer-service-improvement-act-of-2013/
Enjoyed catching up with my old friend Georg Manis. look forward to seeing him in Peoria the next time I'm in town.
It’s time for the Senate to dramatically increase the sanctions pressure on Iran.
Even after the sequester cuts, the FAA still has $9.2 billion  to work with to cover the $6.5 billion they need to prevent air traffic controller furloughs and control tower closures.
 
 http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324874204578438913145965432.html
NA
During the 7 o'clock hour (CT), I will speak with Neil Cavuto on Fox Business about the role politics are playing in the Federal Aviation Administration's sequestration cuts. I hope you'll tune in.
There is clearly something wrong at the FAA. Any business that is faced with slightly less revenues than expected would find a way to solve that problem without inconveniencing their customers. Apparently the mindset at the FAA, the Department of Transportation, and within the Obama Administration is, ‘let’s do things in a way that is most inconveniencing to our customers, the flying public, because that then creates political pressure for a response from Congress.’  I did not vote for sequestration, but there is a better to respond to the situation we’re now in than the one we’ve seen from the Administration. Let’s have the debate about sequestration, let’s have the conversation about whether or not we can afford a reduction in the growth in spending, but let’s not put those who travel in this country’s safety at risk to prove that political point. To me, it certainly seems as if politics is playing a significant role in determining what actions the FAA is taking.
It was good to have friends from Kansas Livestock Association in Washington for the National Cattlemen's Beef Association Legislative Conference last week. There are a lot of issues facing the cattle industry in the months to come, and I will be working hard to make certain I am doing my best for Kansas producers.
We must make our national campaign disclosure laws 100% open and transparent like we've done already in Alaska.  My bipartisan plan with Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) does that.  Our proposal improves the transparency of our campaigns by bringing this money out of the shadows if someone wants to be a major player in our political process so that voters are better informed than ever.  We worked hard to create the fairest bill possible, and this one is even-Steven:
We all realize that we need to make cuts, but the FAA and most federal agencies can do them smart with a scalpel, not a political hammer like the furloughs going on nationwide.  Instead of looking at the $541 million the FAA spends on consultants, the $179 million they spend on travel and $134 million they spend on office supplies, Americans are facing headline-grabbing lines at the airports. Households across the country make smart budget cuts every day. Why can’t the federal government?
This is a troubling: a rabid wolf found further into the Interior than ever before.  Now the State is warning people in the area to be on “high alert”:
There’s no question that our largest source of renewable electricity- hydropower- is, and must continue to be, part of our “all-of-the-above” energy solution.  Hydro already supplies about a quarter of Alaska’s electricity needs and our state has identified more than 200 promising sites for new hydropower development.  There’s great potential for more hydropower in Alaska and across the entire country, which is why I’m working a bipartisan plan to help make it happen:
Snow on April 23rd?!  I don’t know about you, Alaska, but I'm ready for Spring!
Check out the Toledo ABC 13 piece on the bipartisan energy efficiency bill I reintroduced last week:
Hearing more stories about FAA travel delays. I want to make sure the Administration hears from you on this. What has your experience been? #ObamaFlightDelays
Dayton Business Journal highlights how my energy bill starts  "transition to a more energy efficient economy while driving economic growth and encouraging private sector job creation."
Just a moment ago, I appeared on Fox's Happening Now with Jon Scott and Jenna Lee to explain why national security protections must be included in immigration reform.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yM6y-asWs_U
Last night, I appeared on the Fox Business Network with Neil Cavuto to discuss surveillance drones.    Click here to watch my interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JibKfETwNmU
Congratulations Mayor Clausie Smith for your decade of service to the great city of Bonner Springs, Kansas!
Rubio Tours The Border Fence With CBP Officials
Rubio: Here's The Truth About My Plan For Immigration Reform:
MYTH vs. FACT: Immigration Reform Could Lead To Democrat Bonanza Of “As Many As 11 Million New Hispanic Voters”: http://1.usa.gov/ZGAwrL
NA
Great to see Doug and Melissa Weaver from Summerville in the Capitol today!
The White House wants flight delays. These delays, the furloughs among air traffic controllers, the shutting down of air traffic towers is entirely, utterly unnecessary. This is a willful choice being made by this administration in order to inflict as disruptive a process as possible on the American public and on our economy all to further a political agenda. And the political agenda is to try to convince the American people that there are no circumstances under which we can ever cut spending at all.
The latest attempt by the Obama Administration to regulate carbon dioxide, through the National Environmental Protection Act, represents a gross overreach by Washington bureaucrats. At a time when more than 21.6 million Americans are struggling to find a full-time job, it is troubling that unwarranted regulations are adding another burden on our economy. Ending regulatory excess will help reignite the confidence our job creators need to fuel an economic turnaround that lasts.  http://www.wicker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=NewsRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3854a914-aadd-a795-3091-cb165e099ea1
