At the dedication of the Natalie L. Haslam Music Center today in Knoxville, Sen. Alexander presented the University of Tennessee with the original manuscript of “Tennessee Waltz,” one of Tennessee’s official state songs, and followed with a surprise performance of the song made famous by singer Patti Page. Check out UT’s video here: http://bit.ly/18287hU
Sens. Alexander and Corker met with students from Macon Road Baptist School in Memphis at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a constituent breakfast held in Washington every week the Senate is in session. For more information, click here: http://1.usa.gov/13RUNx5
Most of the attention in the Senate’s first week back was focused on Syria. Read my thoughts on the President’s proposed military strike and more in this “Week in Review.”
September is Hunger Action Month and we're highlighting how community involvement is essential to this fight. Here we are at the Arkansas Rice Depot. We followed this with a visit to the Arkansas Food Bank.
We're taking our office on the road today. My staff will be in Batesville from 9:30-11:30 a.m. and Augusta beginning at 1:30 p.m. for Mobile Office events. Let us help you with issues you're having involving the federal government.
NA
On Tuesday evening, Idahoans heard from the President on the situation in Syria and his plans going forward.  Senator Jim Risch and I have been monitoring this situation for some time and listened intently to what the President had to say.  It is my belief that the national security interest necessary to justify this intervention has not yet been sufficiently shown.  And the limited, narrow response being proposed is more likely to harm, rather than protect our security interests.  To read more of my response to the speech and to learn my feelings on the possibility of a negotiated resolution to deal with Syria’s chemical weapons, click below.
In San Antonio announcing "Justice for Victims of Trafficking
 Act," legislation to boost support for and protection of victims of human trafficking:
Watch “Gone to Texas” and RT to see what I did across TX last month:
Cornyn Says Syria's Biological Weapons Also Pose Threat:
Politico: Cornyn Pushes Kerry to Focus on Syria's Bioweapons:
Cornyn Sponsors Amendment To Delay Obamacare Mandates:
Cornyn Demands Disarming Syria of Bioweapons:
Sec. Kerry needs to expand negotiations to include bio-weapons, too.
To suggest that WH brought Assad to bargaining table by threat of an "unbelievably small" military strike defies reality.
James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, and John Jay - authors of the Federalist Papers - would not qualify as "journalists" under misguided "media shield" bill that passed Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday.
WSJ: GOP Sen. Cornyn to Oppose Summers as Fed Chief:
Senator Corker was in Knoxville today to participate in a roundtable discussion on the future of the Tennessee Valley Authority. The roundtable, held at the University of Tennessee, convened a panel of representatives from area utilities and businesses to discuss TVA’s electricity rates and its ability to be economically competitive now and over the next 20 years. “I obviously care deeply about the standard of living and quality of life of people here in Tennessee, and I know TVA rates directly impact that,” said Corker. “And as someone who has had the privilege of helping recruit business to our state, I know TVA also plays a critical role in our economic development efforts by providing low-cost, reliable power that is essential to attracting, retaining and growing jobs. Our discussion today focused on how we can ensure TVA is operating and making decisions in a way that will provide competitive power rates in Tennessee now and over the next 20 years.” To read more, click here: http://1.usa.gov/19011tg.
Today at 9:05 am ET on the Hallerin Hill Show, Sen. Corker will talk about Syria and his meeting in Knoxville on TVA rates.  Listen live on NewsTalk98.7: http://bit.ly/1dazEkl
YES or NO -- should we find out what really happened in #Benghazi?  Senate Democrats blocked my resolution calling for a joint special committee to investigate the attacks.
FACT: The Obama Administration isn't even able to keep up with its own deadlines for implementing Obamacare. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Senator Barrasso and I joined efforts this week in calling for a joint select committee to be established to investigate and report on the Benghazi attack in Libya that killed four Americans, including the first ambassador to be murdered since 1979. We believe the American people deserve to have a complete account from their government of the events of in Benghazi. Click the link below to find out more.
Is NASA, Defense Dept playing favorites with jet fuel, hangar space at taxpayer expense?  Asking inspector general 4 review
Read 9/13 FortDodgeMessengerNews complimentary editorial about my 99county every yr town meeting. U hear it from impartial source not fr me
I'm going to miss Gretchen as one of three Fox&Friends as she moves to new assignment  Good Luck
In 2012, 73 active #Chicago gangs caused an estimated 80% of more than 500 murders in the city.  I've been fighting #gangviolence for more than a decade. 
 
 Learn more about my work: http://1.usa.gov/15XBia0
Kids at school who are at risk of allergic attacks deserve immediate access to lifesaving epi shots. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=862
Earlier this week, I went on Mark Levin's show to discuss recent efforts in the House to #DefundObamaCare.  More and more Americans are standing up against this law, and there is now a bill introduced by Tom Graves in the House that will fund all the functions of the federal government except ObamaCare.  Share this if you agree that the House should pass the Congressman Tom Graves bill and send it to the Senate.
Congressman Tom Graves introduced a bill yesterday that would continue to fund all the functions of government and protect the American people from ObamaCare for at least one year. The House should pass this legislation immediately and send it to the Senate. The president has delayed the implementation of ObamaCare for big business, unions, and his special interest supporters. Congress should act to delay it for the rest of the country, as well.
This week I joined Sen. John Cornyn to introduce the Honoring the Fort Hood Heroes Act - legislation to honor and support the victims of the Nov. 5, 2009, Fort Hood shooting. Our bill would designate the Fort Hood shooting a terrorist attack, which would make victims and their families eligible for benefits that have been previously withheld. For nearly four years, the victims of the tragic Fort Hood shooting have failed to receive the equal honor and respect they deserve because the attack took place on U.S. soil rather than in a designated combat zone such as Afghanistan. I am proud to sponsor this bill to correct this injustice and provide much-deserved recognition and benefits to the Fort Hood shooting victims.
This morning, I attended a classified briefing in the White House situation room about potential military action in Syria.  If the Administration brings a vote before the Senate, I will vote against military intervention. I appreciate Kansans continuing to share their thoughts and concerns with me about this critical issue.
Had a great roundtable with the UAW at Ford's Sharonville Transmission Plant about issues impacting competitiveness of the American auto industry.
TIME published my response to Putin: President Putin, America Is Exceptional http://ideas.time.com/2013/09/13/sen-rand-paul-president-putin-america-is-exceptional/
In case you missed it: Last night, I appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity to discuss Putin's op-ed, the issues in Syria, Obamacare, & more.   Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=bjLSKq6V0HU
Must-read: Rand Paul On The War Path http://www.buzzfeed.com/mckaycoppins/rand-paul-on-the-war-path
Opposing intervention in Syria is not isolationism. It is not withdrawing from the world. It is simply an attempt at a more intelligent, reasoned foreign policy than we have become accustomed to in recent years.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/sep/13/paul-the-folly-of-rushing-to-war/#ixzz2emMYipLj  Follow us: @washtimes on Twitter
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' statement on the President's pick for his top economic advisor:  “What we desperately need is economic leadership that is willing to look the American people in the eye and tell them the truth about the disastrous conditions facing working Americans. Someone who can lay out a plan for the future that includes more than tax and spend and debt. Someone who can end the stagnation and decline and help the economy to grow…[but] the President has appointed a loyalist whose main contribution to the economic debate has been to mislead the public about the effects of the President’s budget plans…  Adjusted for inflation, median household income is lower than at any point since 1998. Wages are lower today than in 1999. A quarter of all youth are unemployed. Welfare and poverty support programs now comprise more than one-fifth of federal spending. The federal debt stands at $16.7 trillion...  We are in an economic period marked by alarming long-term trends: a shrinking workforce, expanding welfare rolls, flat or falling wages. What does the White House offer? Increased regulation and taxation of the private sector, endless ‘stimulus’ in the form of borrowed money, massive government intrusions like Obamacare, expanded guest worker programs to replace dislodged workers, and a fierce defense of a failing welfare bureaucracy.  Sadly, with Mr. Zients’ selection, the White House has decided the problem is not the policy. He wants to continue further down the same road, without a leader who can offer fresh insight to reverse these unacceptable trends…”
Sen. Sessions just released this statement urging the President to reconsider his nomination of Jeff Zients to be Director of the National Economic Council.
Do you remember this Obama Administration budget director who repeatedly refused to say whether spending would go up or down under the President's 2013 budget? Well, President Obama just nominated him to be his top economic adviser on the National Economic Council.
Sen. Sessions on September 2013 being named National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month:   “Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in American men and 2.5 million families in the United States live with this disease. While we have made great advances in treatment and research, prostate cancer affects 1 in 6 men in the United States during his lifetime and it is critical we continue to raise awareness to promote early detection for a disease that impacts so many. We need to encourage every man to become fully educated about his risk for prostate cancer and to evaluate options with his physician. Knowledge, education, and awareness are the keys to fighting this disease.”
To our Jewish friends in South Carolina and around the world observing Yom Kippur, G'mar Hatimah Tovah!
NA
Congratulations are in order for Chester County native Jim Furyk who tied the PGA TOUR scoring record today. http://goo.gl/Hml5GV
Great conversation with Bayer USA employees in Pittsburgh today.
Tzom Kal to all in Pennsylvania observing Yom Kippur.
My press secretary, Steve Kelly, toured United Water of Pennsylvania's Hummelstown Water Treatment Plant yesterday. Thanks to Assistant Production Superintendent Mark Baker for showing him around the facility.
September is World Alzheimer's Awareness Month. Let's end the stigma and this tragic disease. #ENDALZ
Today in history: The valiant defenders of Fort McHenry repel the British in a key battle of the War of 1812. Inspired, Francis Scott Key writes "The Star-Spangled Banner." #America
On Tuesday, Kris and the kids attended the memorial commemoration for Flight 93 in Somerset County. She visited with Captain Thomas Dearborn, the CO of the USS Somerset. The ship, named in honor of the heroes of Flight 93, will be commissioned in Philadelphia on March 1, 2014.
