At a Senate labor committee hearing today, Sen. Alexander said there were better ideas with bipartisan support to reduce poverty than Democrats’ proposal to increase the minimum wage by nearly 40 percent, which would cause a loss of 500,000 jobs, according to a balanced view by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.  Alexander said, “There are better ideas: reform refundable tax credits to benefit all low-income workers, replace long-term unemployment compensation with job training, change Obamacare’s work week definition from 30 hours to 40 to encourage full-time jobs, and use existing federal education dollars to give children of low-income families a $2,100 scholarship to choose a better school.” http://1.usa.gov/1cz8veE 
This afternoon, the Senate began debate on a child-care bill co-authored by Sen. Alexander that helps more than 1.5 million low-income children nationwide every year, including 39,000 in Tennessee (http://1.usa.gov/1qx1DlZ). Yesterday Alexander told the story of one Memphis mother who benefitted:
Special visitor today on Capitol Hill - Flat Stanley from Ms. Murphy’s 3rd grade class at Nashua’s Charlotte Ave Elementary!
As part of her ongoing efforts to protect New Hampshire's online retailers from having to collect sales taxes for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions across the country, Senator Ayotte raised serious concerns today about the misnamed "Marketplace Fairness Act" in a letter to House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte - whose panel held a hearing on the issue of online sales tax collection today. Ayotte urged Goodlatte to reject the bill, which she said will result in massive compliance costs that will cripple small online businesses. Read more: 
I led a bill with more than half of my Republican Senate colleagues today to stop executive branch overreach and force President Obama to uphold the Constitution. Time and again, President Obama has refused to enforce the law and has shown a willingness to misuse regulations in order to side-step Congress. The ENFORCE the Law Act would put that to an end.
In case you missed it, I spoke on the Senator floor today about the reauthorization of the Child Care and Development Block Grant. #Care4Kids
Interested in how CCDBG helps empower families and invests in the self-sufficiency of some of our hardest working families? Read here. #Care4Kids
Full questioning of yesterday’s subcommittee witnesses below. Notably, one witness admits that other developed countries don’t “pay their fair share” for the immense expense involved in research and development that the US shoulders and another notes that Denmark’s single payer system is great, if you have private insurance. 
I remain committed to repealing and replacing this terrible law but until then Americans deserve to be treated fairly under this law. That means delaying the individual mandate penalty as long as the employer mandate is waived.
Was honored to receive "Spirit of Enterprise" award from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce today. Read about it here: http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/3/boozman-receives-spirit-of-enterprise-award-from-u-s-chamber
NA
Today, along with Mike Enzi and Senator John Hoeven I introduced the Natural Gas Gathering Enhancement Act, a bill that would reduce natural gas flaring and expedite the permitting of natural gas gathering lines located on Federal and Indian Land. This will allow energy companies to capture and sell more natural gas—a win for State and Federal budgets and our environment. States like Wyoming are making strides in reducing the flaring of natural gas during oil production – and it’s time for Congress to do the same. 
I am supporting the Freeing Americans from Inequitable Requirements (FAIR) Act, a bill that would delay the Obamacare mandate on individuals whenever the Obama Administration delays the mandate on employers.  Introduced by Senator Deb Fischer (R-Neb.), the proposal comes on the heels of the administration’s February announcement that it has delayed the employer mandate for employers with 50 and 99 full-time employees until 2016. Over the past year, the administration has delayed or modified Obamacare over 20 times.    This is about basic fairness. Last year, I introduced a bill to ensure individuals and families receive the same exemption from health care mandates that the Obama Administration has given to businesses. The FAIR Act is another effort to achieve this goal.
NA
Enjoyed speaking to @GerriWillisFBN on @FoxBusiness about bipartisan #GSEReform. #idpol #rankingonbanking
At 5:00 PM ET/3:00PM MT, I will be joining Gerri Willis on The Willis Report (Fox Business) to talk housing finance reform. Tune in.
Yesterday, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced that just 4.2 million Americans had signed up during  the first five months of the open enrollment period—well below the 5.7 million projection by the Administration and far short of their goal of enrolling 7 million by the end of March.  Further, youth enrollment, which the president’s signature law relies heavily upon, is well below target levels set before the program's launch.  The Administration has often claimed that the percentage of enrollments would continually increase as the deadline to signup approaches, but during the month of February enrollments actually slowed.
Housing finance reform must include fundamental principles that will reduce the government’s footprint in our housing finance market, bring private capital back to the forefront, and most importantly, protect the taxpayer from funding future bailouts.
Senator Collins welcomed Aiden and Caroline Sweeney of Gray, ME to her Washington, D.C. office.  The Sweeneys, who are representatives of JDRF, thanked Sen. Collins for her continued support for increasing federal investment in diabetes research.  Aiden, who has Type 1 diabetes, testified at a Senate hearing chaired by Senator Collins’ in 2006 about his experience with diabetes.
Enjoyed welcoming Texas State Senator Robert Nichols to D.C. yesterday:
Jimmy Fallon: “Thirty Democratic Senators held an all-night talkathon. That sounds exciting. An all-night talkathon on the floor of the Senate last night to highlight the impacts of climate change. Fourteen hours of climate change talk, or as Al Gore calls that, a first date.”
Starting now: Senator Corker will participate in a markup on Ukraine aid and sanctions legislation.  Watch it live: http://1.usa.gov/1idToYc
HHS Secretary Sebelius can't tell you how many people have actually paid premiums for Obamacare plans, but she can tell you "premiums are likely to go up." #FullRepeal
Like Mt. Soledad & Mojave, the #Bladensburg Cross should serve as a monument to our fallen heroes, not a battlefield in a radical war against religious liberty.
Wishing a very happy birthday to #BattleshipTexas which celebrates the 100th anniversary of commissioning today with a reunion of her final crew.
There are an awful lot of Democrats running because of Obamacare — and they’re running away from it. #FullRepeal
If you were to sit down and design a plan to hammer the living daylights out of young people, you couldn’t do better than the Obama economic agenda. #MakeDCListen
With a unanimous vote, the Senate approved my amendment today that would help weed out duplication, overlap, and inefficiencies in federal early learning and child care programs. It’s now part of a bill that reauthorizes Child Care and Development Block Grant funding. My amendment is a continuation of what I was able to do as Chairman and as Ranking Member of the HELP Committee. This isn’t a study. It will require HHS and the Department of Education to come up with a plan for eliminating duplication and overlap, as well as a plan for ways to consolidate these programs and report back to Congress.
Abundant, low-cost energy shouldn’t have to wait on the federal government for approval. But that’s often what happens when we lose natural gas to flaring on account of delays in permitting infrastructure improvements. That’s why I joined Senator Barrasso and Senator Hoeven in introducing a bill that speeds up permitting for natural gas gathering lines on federal and Indian lands. American energy is ready to power our country if Washington would just get out of the way. 
As the recipient of annual billion-dollar bailouts, the least Amtrak can do is justify #AmtrakResidency free riders to taxpayers.
Good discussion today with Bill Gates on global health issues.  The #GatesFoundation does great work in #Africa.
NA
Today I joined more than half of my Republican colleagues in sponsoring legislation that pushes back against the Obama Administration’s unprecedented overreach and attempts to sidestep Congress through executive orders. It’s the president’s responsibility to abide by the Constitution he swore to protect and defend – that means faithfully executing our nation’s laws.
The U.S. Senate has given unanimous approval to a bipartisan amendment co-authored by Senator Chuck Grassley that would help to get children in the foster care system enrolled in available child care programs as quickly as possible by making them eligible for a paperwork grace period. Read more here:
What a great family! It was an honor to recognize Richard Boulware at the Judiciary Committee nomination hearing earlier today. http://bit.ly/O2LnKE
We are hopeful that lessons learned in 2011 will inform prudent decision-making on the part of the Corps. We believe that a greater level of engagement and information sharing by the Corps with states, tribes, local officials, and other federal agencies is critical to informing river management decisions, particularly under extreme conditions.
Congratulations to Danielle Finn, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, for being named one of five Champions for Change by the Center for Native American Youth.
“Our legislation is a good example of how we can produce more energy with better environmental stewardship by empowering states and tribes to develop their energy resources. It will create better environmental stewardship, and at the same time, move us closer to our long-sought goal of true energy independence.”
Congratulations to the NDSU Bison's men's basketball team on last night's big win, and best wishes as team prepares for the NCAA Tournament!
Just recently, an Oklahoma family had a tragic experience as a result of ObamaCare. Before the implementation of ObamaCare, Mrs. Hubbs’ employer was able to extend healthcare coverage to the spouses of their employees. But shortly after losing his healthcare coverage, Lenny Hubbs was unexpectedly diagnosed with pneumonia. Mr. Hubbs found himself searching for treatment at two different hospitals, even spending 9 days at one while doctors did nothing. Mr. Hubbs did not have health insurance nor qualified for Medicaid. As a result, the family incurred more than $100,000 in medical costs and Lenny Hubbs lost part of his lung.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GE53LsrkFw&feature=youtu.be 
If you have never attended one of my tele-townhalls, you can watch my response to a question I was asked about #CommonCore during last month's tele-townhall to see how these events work.  It isn't too late to sign up for my tele-townhall that will be happening tonight at 7:00 p.m. MT.  If you don't want to sign up to participate by phone, you can always watch the event as we stream it on Facebook: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Have you signed up for my tele-townhall yet?  I will be holding my March tele-townhall Wednesday, March 12 at 7:00 p.m. MT: 
Today, Bill Gates - co-founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation - visited my office to discuss initiatives to address poor health and extreme poverty in developing countries, including the Global Polio Eradication Initiative. As a member of Rotary International, I share his strong commitment to ridding the world of this terrible disease. With 99 percent of the work complete – and only a handful of countries in the world still facing endemic polio – now is the time to stay focused. With continued commitment and determination from groups like the Gates Foundation and Rotary International, together we can put an end to polio.
Increased access to high quality child care and education will help Native children get a strong start on their future while helping their parents get and keep a good job, degree or training.  I'm proud the bipartisan amendment I introduced passed today and we’re now one step closer to making that happen.  One simple change to the Child Care and Development Block Grant could make a profound change in the lives of our first people nationwide: 
Having an Arctic plan that is backed up with more than words is so important, especially for our coastal security.  This afternoon I questioned Homeland Security Director Jeh Johnson about his vision for America’s Arctic future and whether or not it is a priority for this administration.  Hear what he had to say: 
The future of the Arctic is incredibly important to Alaska and to the entire nation: as the ice opens we need to make sure we have the infrastructure and resources in place to ensure America is ready.  We know Russia, China and many other nations are.  Today I talked with the Premier of the Yukon Government about what Canada is doing to prioritize the Arctic, and what we can learn from them.
Yesterday, I had the opportunity to meet with students from WKU. We discussed issues that directly affect their generation, such as minimum wage, unemployment and our nation's debt.
We need pro-growth, pro-jobs and pro-business solutions to succeed as a state and as a nation. I fight for those policies every day, so it was a honor to receive the US Chamber of Commerce's Spirit of Enterprise Award today.
I had the opportunity to meet with the folks from the twelfth Kansas Agriculture and Rural Leadership class yesterday.  These are fantastic leaders from all corners of the state working to improve rural communities and agriculture in Kansas.
Today I asked Labor Secretary Tom Perez what he would tell a Kansas small business owner who told me she will have to close her doors if the minimum wage is raised. He responded by comparing it to the smoking ban. Smoking ban? This Administration is out of touch with main street and proves again and again it does not know how to preserve and create jobs. http://youtu.be/uWtMfdcLrKc
Senator Rubio Reports for Jury Duty:
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Economic Opportunities Of The 21st Century On Bloomberg TV: http://1.usa.gov/1qvvb3u  Rubio: “This new post-industrial economy creates very real opportunities. The problem we face is that we’re facing the full brunt of the challenges, but we’re not capitalizing on enough of those opportunities. And one of the reasons why is because our institutions, our laws and Washington D.C. has not caught up to that reality.”
I believe that every American has the right to know how federal agencies are spending their hard earned money.  I joined Senator Coburn today in introducing the Taxpayer Right to Know Act that would require all federal agencies to report to the American people all of their expenses, programs, and administrative staff.  Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/sens-scott-and-coburn-introduce-taxpayers-right-know-act
This is no laughing matter. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/in-the-loop/wp/2014/03/12/feta-up-with-imitations-europeans-start-food-fight/?wprss=rss_in-the-loop&clsrd
Thinking of the people of Harlem at this tragic time. To first responders and firefighters, stay safe.  #HarlemExplosion 
In a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing today with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr., I introduced Cheryl Ann Krause as a nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, which includes Pennsylvania. She has amassed an impressive resume that includes both public service and private practice work. She has an unquestioned commitment to the law and I look forward to her joining our other talented federal jurists on the Third Circuit.
NA
NA
NA
Terrific talk this morning with Saint Joseph's University president Fr. Kevin Gillespie about the amazing work they do for kids with autism.
It was my honor to welcome to Washington Major General Wesley Craig for an update on the Pennsylvania National Guard. Pennsylvania has one of the largest national guards of any state.
The sacrifice made by our troops and the American taxpayers has resulted in tangible positive accomplishments for the people in this region and for American interests. We have the opportunity to build a historic partnership that will enable us to look out for our national security interests but do so in a way that hands the fight over to the locals. We must not lose our resolve.
The Obama Administration should not make individuals and families play by a different set of rules than businesses. Providing Obamacare relief to some businesses while taxing individuals is one of many ways the Administration has rewritten the President’s signature health-care law for political gain. This is yet another sign that Obamacare is unfair, unworkable, and must be repealed.
