Congressman Trey Gowdy on prospects for immigration reform in the House of Representatives
The Obamacare train wreck is coming: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2013/06/29/Gallup-43-of-Uninsured-Americans-Unaware-of-Obamacare-Fines
A great honor and privilege to join First Baptist Church in Dallas to discuss the importance of Faith and Freedom in America!
U just been waiting for RESULTS!! My time 33:31 5K SturgisFallsDays. That is original name of CedarFalls Iowa
It's a privilege to join the First Baptist Church of Shawnee's congregation this evening for the 13th Annual Festival of Freedom—a tribute to the church's veterans. The service and sacrifice of our nation’s veterans have protected the freedoms of our democracy and allowed us to live in the strongest, freest, greatest country in the world.
We didn't let a little rain keep us from visiting fish camps this morning!  I want thank everyone on the Kuskokwim between Aniak and Chuathbaluk for taking the time to share their stories with me.
I had a great first day out along the Kuskokwim visiting fish camps yesterday, and appreciate Phillip Peter in Akiachak sharing his thoughts and observations about this summer's salmon run.  I'm getting back on the water in a few minutes and look forward to talking with as many Alaskans along the river as I can.
Good to see so many friends at the Ohio GOP state dinner with Gov. Susana Martinez in Columbus last night.
I will be in western Kentucky TOMORROW, MONDAY, JULY 1. Below is information on the events I will be attending. If you are in the area, I hope to see you.  HENDERSON-HENDERSON COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE / HENDERSON BREAKFAST LIONS CLUB / HENDERSON LIONS CLUB LUNCHEON 11:30 a.m.—1 p.m. CT Henderson Community College, Fine Arts Building Auditorium, 2660 S Green St., Henderson, KY 42420 Info: http://business.hendersonky.com/events/details/sen-rand-paul-luncheon-570879  OWENSBORO TEA PARTY FORUM 2:30 p.m. CT Logsdon Community Center, 2400 Friendship Dr., Owensboro, KY 42303  BEAVER DAM COMMUNITY MEET AND GREET 3:45 p.m. CT McDonald’s Restaurant, 1860 North Main St., Beaver Dam, KY 42320
Visiting 12 counties this week! Started in Horry this morning and heading to Richland now. Jasper, Colleton, Bamberg, Allendale, Hampton, Barnwell, Aiken, Edgefield, Saluda and Lexington on T, W, Th. #southcarolina
Don't miss my op-ed in the Greenville News today - the IRS scandal shows we need true tax reform.   http://www.greenvilleonline.com/article/20130630/OPINION/306300014/IRS-targeting-scandal-shows-need-reform
As you can see, the commemoration of the 150th Anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg is in full swing. 
 
 I am a proud sponsor of the bipartisan Gettysburg National Military Park Expansion Act, which would include the historic Railroad Station and the southern end of the battlefield as part of the park.
