Earlier today, Sen. Alexander spoke with “Varney and Co.’s” Charles Payne on FOX Business about his call, with Senators Hatch and Coburn, for the Health and Human Services Department Inspector General to investigate whether Secretary Sebelius is "raising money outside of the government to do what Congress has refused to do--that's illegal, the Constitution doesn't permit it." Alexander said, "Many administrations have chafed at the limits that a Congress, with the exclusive power to appropriate money, puts on an executive. But the Obama administration has been more flagrant than most…and now, Secretary Sebelius appears to be saying, ‘If Congress refuses to do it, we will to do it anyway.’”
NA
We can all agree that every young American should have the opportunity to achieve a college education. Yet while President Obama appears more interested in staging campaign-style events to stir up partisan divisions in Washington, I believe we must work together to achieve a bipartisan solution that will provide permanent reform to help young Americans avoid a higher interest rate on their student loans.
Due to heavy rains that have pushed many areas above flood stage in the lower Missouri River basin, the Kansas City Army Corps of Engineers has declared a flood emergency for the Kansas City region. Please stay alert and be cautious of flash floods and flooded roadways.
Scott County Sheriff Cody Carpenter, a dedicated public servant, gave his life trying to save those trapped by the terrible flooding in Western Arkansas. A leader who was never content sitting behind a desk, Sheriff Carpenter bravely put the safety of others before his own to protect those in harm’s way. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family and the community during this difficult time.  We continue to pray for those missing as a result of the flooding. Please keep them and their families in your thoughts and prayers.
Meeting with Silver Valley mayors and the Shoshone County commissioners about the Silver Valley central water treatment facility. #idaho #idpol #northidaho
Yesterday, Idaho Governor Butch Otter and I awarded some long overdue medals to a couple members of the greatest generation.  The service of George and Joe came at a particularly difficult time, when other Japanese-Americans were being incarcerated in the United States, incarcerated right here in Idaho. Yet, they were willing and able to go out and serve their country. We can never thank these brothers enough for their service.
Took this photo of Lake Coeur d'Alene last night.
We made it to Coeur d’Alene. It is always great to be back in this beautiful area of our state. Looking forward to traveling around north Idaho tomorrow.
Today, in Boise, I joined Idaho State Representative Christy Perry and Idaho State Senator Marv Hagedorn at Perry’s Buckhorn Gun Shop to discuss the importance of a new bill in Congress that would address federal crime by improving treatment for mental illness. We cannot continue to further restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens. Safeguarding the public should begin with enforcing and perfecting current laws while improving our mental health standards and addressing our culture of violence.
Social Security broke in 2033
Cornyn Statement on Expansion of I-69:
LAJ: Cornyn Meets with Elected Officials in Amarillo to Hear Concerns:
Ten reasons people are moving to Texas
Fittest cities (Austin #11)
Does it bother anyone else that our DOD is buying 30 more Mi-17 helicopters from Russia for Afghanistan at the same time it continues to arm Assad, who has killed at least 80K civilians?
AAS: In Austin, Cornyn Pushes Patent-Abuse Bill:
Notable words from National Spelling Bee.  Good luck!
On Wednesday, Senator Corker taped an episode of “Inside Tennessee,” WBIR Channel 10's (Knoxville) Sunday morning political and public affairs roundtable. The episode will air this Sunday at 9:30 a.m. ET. If you’re in or around Knoxville, we hope you’ll tune in!
Praying for the safety of those so bravely putting their lives on the line to fight a massive fire in Houston:
Terrific conversation on the future of the conservative movement with Professor George at my alma mater.
 
 It is critical that we make the argument that conservative policies help those struggling to climb the economic ladder and create greater opportunity for everyone.
Though I’m sure this last week has been a nightmare for her, I’m thankful that Mrs. Maldonado’s clear innocence was proved and that she is now home safe with her family.
NA
Martha Moore of USA TODAY said I wasn't  Tweeting enough   So I will try to do more often
Why Sen. Grassley started running, really running - Daily Times Herald - Carroll, Iowa
61 ppl-Webster City mtg. Qs: Crop insurance, Obamacare, guns, debt, budget, IRS, flat tax, Tricare, Keystone pipeline, F&F
109 ppl- Clarion mtg. Qs Need answers 4 Meinkes on Immigration status, truck weights, Tax cuts, Israel, WRDA, Guns, FarmBill, Too Big 2 Fail
GAO report on health care exchanges
Thank you to those who shared their opinions with me and my staff at my immigration listening sessions.
Should the OMB be required to track and report the billions of dollars that we send to the U.N. each year?
This is more footage of the floor debate from last week where Senator Rand Paul, Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Marco Rubio, and I justified our efforts to prevent the budget conference report from being used to increase the debt ceiling.
Sen. McConnell talks Obamacare with workers at Baptist Health LaGrange in Kentucky today.
While in Southeast Kansas today, I stopped by Girard Medical Center (GMC) to tour the hospital and visit with CEO Mike Payne and his staff. GMC is a Critical Access Hospital that also operates satellite locations to care for patients in Frontenac, Arma and Cherokee. The Kansas Foundation for Medical Care has recognized GMC for best practices in inpatient quality reporting for surgical infection prevention and quality of treatment for certain conditions, highlighting that GMC is setting the standard for patient care. The access GMC and other Critical Access Hospitals provide is essential to the survival and success of rural communities across the country.
This week I stopped by Galena to tour the Ortho 4-States Campus, which includes Stateline Surgery Center and the new Premier Surgical Institute. Premier Surgical Institute CEO Joseph Caputo’s philosophy, “patients heal faster if they are as comfortable as possible, and we want our standard of care to be unmatched in the industry,” is clearly demonstrated by the medical providers and staff.
Yesterday while visiting CertainTeed in the Fairfax District of Kansas City, Kansas, I learned about the interesting process of making fiberglass insulation—a product used in most homes and commercial buildings. CertainTeed's location along the Kansas River is strategic, as sand is a major component of fiberglass. The less than ideal housing market has affected their business, and they are hopeful it will begin to rebound and result in an uptick in plant capacity and jobs in the near future.
Congratulations to Vanya Shivashankar of Olathe—the only Kansan to make the finals or semifinals of Thursday night’s Scripps National Spelling Bee. The competition began with more than 11 million participants worldwide was narrowed to 11 for the finals. Two other Kansans who participated in the national competition were Gracie Schroeder of Salina and Sterling Hollond of Bonner Springs. Well done!
I am so saddened to hear of the passing of Katie John.  Katie John was an Alaska icon who devoted her life to ensuring that her Ahtna people had the opportunity to carry on traditional subsistence fishing in their ancestral homeland. She was unafraid to challenge any bureaucrat standing between her Native people and their opportunity to fish, whether that was a State of Alaska that didn’t recognize that ANILCA’s rural preference included fishing or a National Park Ranger trying to tell her that she couldn’t fish from her ancestral village within the Wrangell-St Elias National Park.  Katie John’s life was that of an authentic Alaskan. It is my sincere hope that in the loss of culture bearers like Katie we have not lost forever a piece of Alaska’s soul.
Visiting Tech Columbus today -- checking out Nanofiber Solution's fiber trachea here. Bio tech industry growth is great for Ohio.
The Administration says it’s the "most transparent in history." Hope they meet the 5PM deadline to turn over IRS docs in the investigation.
Got out on the Little Miami River last night with my daughter Sally - used our 97 year old shuttle.
There will be a live webcast of my speech this evening at the Reagan Library at 6 PDT.
Excerpt from the article:  "The federal agents charged with enforcing our immigration law, meanwhile, have charged that the administration is preventing them from doing their jobs. Chris Crane, who heads the union representing more than 7,000 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) employees, told NATIONAL REVIEW ONLINE that the Obama administration 'rules with an iron fist.' His agents are 'beat down and scared,' and suffer from low morale.   According to a 2012 survey of federal agencies, ICE ranked 279th out of 291 agencies in terms of employee morale and job satisfaction."
VIDEO: Sessions visiting Energex Tube in Thomasville:
Welcome home to the Army National Guard’s 178th Combat Engineers, based in Rock Hill. Thank you for your service, and thank you to your families for their strength and support.  http://www.heraldonline.com/2013/05/30/4906247/wait-finally-over-for-families.html#storylink=cpy
Informative meeting in Delaware County today regarding the lengthy backlog of claims within the VA.  Our veterans deserve better care than this.  
 
 My thanks to Congressman Patrick Meehan, representatives from local veterans' organizations and officials from Delaware County for joining me.
Congratulations to Erie business owner, Gary Carver, CEO of Carver International, Inc., for receiving the 2013 President’s “E” Award for increasing American exports.  Pictured from left to right: Sheila Sterrett-NWPA Regional Manager for U.S. Senator Pat Toomey, Lyn Doverspike-Director, U.S. Commercial Service, Pittsburgh Office, Gary Carver-Carver International Inc., PA State Senator Sean Wiley-49th District, Brad Moore-District Director U.S. Representative Mike Kelly http://www.flickr.com/photos/manp/8893331718/in/set-72157633813836791
Good to talk to Sheinelle and Mike on Fox 29 about getting help for Sarah. http://tinyurl.com/mfjod2y
