Happy 238th birthday, U.S. Marines. Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
On Monday, the Spirit of Freedom Award will be presented to sixteen Idahoans, eleven veterans and five volunteers, at four ceremonies throughout the state.  The award acknowledges the contributions, patriotism, service and sacrifice of Idaho’s veterans and service-oriented volunteer leaders.  Click the link below for more information about this years recipients and to find out where you can attend one of the four ceremonies.
Enjoyed being w/ Fort Bend Chamber last night with great business and local leaders like Judge Hebert. and in-coming Chairman Barry Beard
In an appearance on NBC’s “Meet the Press” today, Senator Corker raised concerns about the Obama administration potentially “dealing away” U.S. leverage in negotiations with Iran by prematurely lifting sanctions as part of a partial agreement that does not halt Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon.  “A partial agreement leads us down the same path we went down with North Korea, where just to get people to act right…you continue to reduce sanctions. So, again, a lot of concerns about the approach. A lot of us want to see it resolved diplomatically. We know the sanctions got us here, and we’re worried we’re dealing away our leverage.” Watch the video: bit.ly/1dWhGCY
TUNE IN: Sen. Corker will be a guest on NBC’s “Meet the Press” this morning to discuss Iran. Click here for local listings: nbcnews.to/1dSHYpz
Wishing a very happy birthday to the United States Marine Corps. Today marks 238 years of fighting with unprecedented valor so that we may be free.
 
 Thank you to all Marines for your service and Semper Fi!
Happy Birthday to the United States Marine Corps.  Pound for pound, the finest fighting force in the world! #SemperFi
Watch CSPAN Newsmakers Sun at 9 am or 5 pm (in Iowa) I intrvwd by 2 journalists 1 from wsj & 1 from Wash Examiner+host fr CSPAN
I left UNI/Youngstown FB at 3rd qtr to c my granddaughter in a lead role"Annie"of Dike/NewHartford but UNI won22/20
A deal that undermines sanctions and doesn't stop a future with Iranian nuclear weapons is the deal of the century for #Iran.
 
 Learn more: http://1.usa.gov/16U0zzH
Senator Dick Durbin and I met with families whose kids have severe allergies. Our School Access to Epinephrine bill will help keep them safe at school. 
 
 READ MORE: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=922
Tonight Robba and I attended the 27th Annual Johnson County Community College (JCCC) Foundation Some Enchanted Evening. The event raises scholarship money to make certain thousands of JCCC students are able to attend college. Thanks to JCCC President Dr. Joe Sopcich for hosting us.
This Veteran's Day Sunday, I was pleased to present Suellyn Novak of the Alaska Veterans Museum a Congressional Statement for the Record commemorating the 70th Anniversary of the Battle of Attu. Suellyn was the driving force behind making the Attu Memorial a reality and honoring the Attu villagers who were taken prisoner by the Japanese so many years ago.  Thank you, Suellyn and to all of Alaska's vets.
There are exactly 90 days until the Winter Olympics in Sochi, and today I was thrilled to be able to spend some time with our Alaskan athletes headed out for their final training push before the games.  Good luck guys- you make Alaska and our nation proud!
Thanksgiving is right around the corner, so today my Anchorage staff and I spent the afternoon at the Food Bank of Alaska helping prepare food boxes for Thanksgiving Blessings. Alaskans looking for more information, just dial 211.
The few. The Proud. Happy 238th birthday to the United States Marine Corps.
Special weekend for WWII heroes at the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force in Dayton last night, a final salute to Doolittle Raiders.
As the senior Marine in the Congress and the son of a Marine who fought on Iwo Jima, I want to wish a happy 238th birthday to the United States Marine Corps.  Semper Fi
Senator Rubio: OAS Should Investigate Venezuela’s Detainment Of Miami Herald Journalist As Chilling Effort Against Press Freedom: http://1.usa.gov/1cMyP54
Senator Rubio: Stalemate In Iran Nuclear Talks Makes Clear More Sanctions Needed: http://1.usa.gov/18jSrWA
NA
Semper Fi! Thank you for 238 years of keeping our country safe.
Great turnout for today's Walk to End Alzheimer's in Philly.
Honored to speak at at today's Walk to End Alzheimer's in Philly.  Over 10,000 strong!
Look who Duncan ran in to this morning!
Great to be in South Philly this morning to help end Alzheimer's!
Nov. 10, 1775: the 2nd Continental Congress in Philadelphia establishes two battalions of Continental Marines. Happy 238th birthday to the  United States Marine Corps. The few. The proud.
