NA
Beurt SerVaas was instrumental in the transformation of Indianapolis into the metropolitan gem that it is today. He worked tirelessly on behalf of the city and provided visionary leadership that touched so many Hoosier lives, including mine. His legacy will extend well beyond his years, and Marsha and I send our thoughts and prayers to the entire SerVaas family.
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: President Obama’s current economic approach seems to include adding to the tax and spending increases that have caused much of our nation’s serious challenges.  His comments about his plans to use executive power to bypass Congress if Congress does not enact the policies he recommends are a step in the wrong direction.  Our focus should be on implementing true reforms that fix our broken tax code, stop the federal spending machine and control the explosion of regulations that are choking our economy.  Now is not the time to double down on Washington’s tax and spend mentality.  Jobs are created in the private sector by shrinking government and getting Washington out of the way.  Our country will continue to face serious challenges in the months and years ahead.  These challenges might seem daunting, but the solutions are achievable.  Now is the time for cooperation, not polarization and executive actions. 
The Lombardi Trophy comes to the Pacific northwest—congrats to the Seattle Seahawks. #SuperBowl #SB48 #Seahawks
NA
Cornyn: President’s Late Budget Highlights Disturbing Trend:
Obamacare News of the Day: February 3, 2014
Senator Jim Inhofe calls the terrorist attack in #Benghazi our nation's "greatest cover-up." We need a Joint Select Committee to find out the truth.
If the President wants to convince us that there’s "not even a smidgen of corruption” behind the IRS’s targeting of conservatives, I hope he’ll join our call for a truly independent special prosecutor — one that's not a major partisan donor of his — to lead the investigation:
Sound familiar? Citing promises that failed to pan out, one of the President's key allies, the unions, are souring quickly on Obamacare. #FullRepeal
On Tuesday, February 4, our San Antonio Regional Director, Michael Koerner, will visit Hondo to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  1:30 pm - 4:00 pm Medina County Courthouse 1100 16th St. Hondo, Texas 78861
On Tuesday, February 4, our San Antonio Regional Director, Michael Koerner, will visit Natalia to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 am - 12:30 pm Natalia City Hall 2078 Texas 132 Natalia, Texas 78059
On Wednesday, February 5, our Southeast Texas Regional Director, David Sawyer, will visit Columbus to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  1:00 pm - 3:00 pm Colorado County Service Facility-Conference Room 305 Radio Ln Columbus, TX 78934
On Wednesday, February 5, our Southeast Texas Regional Director, David Sawyer, will visit Bellville to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:30 am - 11:30 am Austin County Courthouse 1 East Main Bellville, TX 77418
On Tuesday, February 4, our Southeast Texas Regional Director, David Sawyer, will visit Tomball to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:30 am - 11:30 am Greater Tomball Area Chamber of Commerce 29201 Quinn Rd. Suite B Tomball, TX 77375
On Monday, February 3, our Southeast Texas Regional Director, David Sawyer, will visit Hempstead to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  1:00 pm -­ 3:00 pm Commissioner's Courtroom 836 Austin St. Hempstead, TX 77445
On Wednesday, February 5, our Fort Worth Regional Director, Raz Shafer, will visit Granbury to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 am - 11:00 am Hood Co. Justice Center  Central Jury Room 1200 W. Pearl Street Granbury, TX 76048
On Tuesday, February 4, our Fort Worth Regional Director, Raz Shafer, will visit Eastland to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  1:00 pm -4:00 pm Judge Scott Bailey Events Center 100 W. Main Street Eastland, TX 76448
On Tuesday, February 4, our Fort Worth Regional Director, Raz Shafer, will visit Brownwood to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  8:30 am - 11:00 am Brownwood Chamber of Commerce Board Room 600 E. Depot Street Brownwood, TX 76801
On Tuesday, February 4, our Dallas Regional Director, Bruce Redden, will visit Greenville to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 a.m. ­& 11:00 a.m. Greenville Chamber of Commerce 2713 Stonewall Street Greenville, TX 75403
On Wednesday, February 5, our East Texas Regional Director, Jason Wright, will visit Kilgore to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  12:00 p.m. ­& 4:00 p.m. Country Tavern Texas 31 Kilgore, Texas 75662
On Wednesday, February 5, our East Texas Regional Director, Jason Wright, will visit Henderson to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 a.m. ­& 11:00 a.m. The Depot Museum 514 N. High St.   Henderson, Texas  75652
On Tuesday February 4, our East Texas Regional Director, Jason Wright, will visit Texarkana to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  10:00 a.m. ­& 12:00 p.m. Ark-Tex COG 4808 Elizabeth St. Texarkana, Texas 75503
On Monday, February 3, our East Texas Regional Director, Jason Wright, will visit Marshall to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 a.m. ­& 11:00 a.m. Chamber of Commerce 208 E Burleson St. Marshall, Texas 75670
On Wednesday, February 5, our Central Texas Regional Director, Kenneth Depew, will visit Brady to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  3:30 p.m. ­& 5:30 p.m. Brady Chamber of Commerce 101 East 1st Street Brady, TX 76825
On Wednesday, February 5, our Central Texas Regional Director, Kenneth Depew, will visit Mason to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  11:30 a.m. ­& 1:30 p.m.  Mason Chamber of Commerce 108 Ft McKavitt Street Mason, TX 76856
On Tuesday, February 4, our Central Texas Regional Director, Kenneth Depew, will visit Fredericksburg to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  2:30 p.m. ­& 4:30 p.m. Fredericksburg Chamber of Commerce 302 East Austin Fredericksburg, TX 78624
On Tuesday, February 4, our Central Texas Regional Director, Kenneth Depew, will visit Kerrville to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  11:00 a.m. & 1:00 p.m.  Kerrville Chamber of Commerce 1700 Sydney Baker Kerrville, TX 78208
Due to tomorrow’s weather forecast, local office hours scheduled for tomorrow in Albion, Humphrey, and Howells are postponed. Rescheduled dates and times will be posted on my website as soon as details are confirmed.
Good luck CHAS GULDEMOND, Tim Jitloff and David Wise at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games. #TeamUSA #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
There has been an ongoing problem with the Renewable Fuels Standard, and the EPA’s recent “fix” does not provide a long term solution. In order to protect consumers and industry from ambiguous costs, litigation, regulatory uncertainty, and hazardous fuel, we must repeal the RFS and allow ethanol and other biofuels to compete on a level playing field with all other transportation fuels. http://media.washtimes.com/media/misc/2014/01/21/2014autopreview.pdf
In case you missed it, here is a link to my discussion this morning with KFAQ's Pat Campbell on Benghazi,  the Keystone Pipeline, and my recent trip to Afghanistan:  https://soundcloud.com/inhofepressoffice/kfaq-020314
Last night, FOX News' Bill O'Reilly asked President Obama about Benghazi and his administration's storyline that the attacks were the result of outrage over a YouTube video. Obama's response: "We revealed to the American people exactly what we understood at the time." This contradicts with information I learned in the months after the terrorist attack.   Counterterrorism expert and current CIA Director John Brennan told me personally he knew immediately that the annex attack was "unequivocally" a terrorist attack. In a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Benghazi that I requested, then-Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta also testified that he quickly recognized it was a terrorism attack. AFRICOM Commander Gen. Carter Ham has also testified that he and senior advisors to the President were quick to label it a terrorist attack. Yet, that was not the storyline the Obama Administration gave the American public five days later on the Sunday talk shows. http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/197250-sen-inhofe-calls-obamas-benghazi-comments-an-outrageous-lie?utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitterfeed 
Tune in at 7:05AM Central today to The Pat Campbell Show where I'll be discussing Keystone, SOTU, and the latest news in Washington.
NA
Cyber criminals and consumer hackers violate the privacy of all Americans. The consequences must be severe.   Today I spoke about a bill I will introduce which increases the mandatory sentence for those involved in credit card hacking. America's consumers and businesses deserve better. http://1.usa.gov/1inAahO
With winter weather looming, I encourage you to visit http://www.kandrive.org to monitor Kansas road conditions. Travel safely!
Happy Birthday to a great friend to Alaska, Father Norman Elliott, 95 years young and just getting started!  If you want to know more about him – and his military service to the country – here are some of this thoughts. 
All this week, I’m spotlighting the Arctic while I lead up to my speech before the Arctic Symposium in Seattle on Friday.  To kick off #ArcticWeek- read this article about the European Union seeking opportunities for themselves in the Arctic because of its strategic importance.  Meanwhile, America is not taking the initiative in the region with tangible policies or financial investments. 
Great night for the Seahawks, Alaska's team and Super Bowl champs ... but for my sons who went to school in Colorado it's a night of mixed emotions for them. Go Seahawks!
Must-read: "We must stand up for Middle East's persecuted Christians" http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/01/31/must-stand-up-for-middle-east-persecuted-christians/
In Case You Missed It: Breitbart article on my bill to keep the federal government out of local education decisions.  http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/02/01/Kansas-Sen-Roberts-Proposes-Bill-to-Feds-in-Education-Over-Common-Core
NA
Duncan and I made a snowman.
I am very proud to have nominated these outstanding students to our military academies. I wish them all the best!
Snow is really coming down here in Allentown. Looks like Punxsutawney Phil was right on the money this year.
Wicker Report | The Obama Administration has a habit of missing deadlines.  Major provisions of the President’s flawed health-care law, for example, have been delayed dozens of times. The same tardiness is true for the President’s annual budget, which is due to Congress on or before the first Monday in February.  Required by federal law, the budget proposal outlines the President’s funding requests for the upcoming fiscal year.  
