Everybody is entitled to their own opinion on religious freedom, but everyone is not entitled to their own facts. The Washington Free Beacon covered my speech on the Senate floor today fact checking Democrats’ false claims against the Supreme Court’s ruling on #HobbyLobby.
Glad to welcome Boy Scouts of America from military families to #MoMornings today. Thank you for coming by.
During the House VA Committee hearing on Monday, both the VA Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office had concerns about the integrity of VA’s data, so why would VA tout those very same statistics the next day in a press release?  How could that possibly help improve trust? Watch VA Secretary Gibson’s answer.
The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs held a hearing today on the state of VA health care. You can watch my opening statement below or read it here: http://1.usa.gov/1mhoAUJ
Today I joined Senator David Vitter and Mike Enzi to introduce a bill that would block the EPA from using secret data to justify its new rules and regulations. Since the American people bear the expensive costs of Washington red tape, they deserve to have access to the science behind these regulations. If the Obama Administration wants to live up to its claim of being the “most transparent administration” in history – they will immediately support our bill.
I support President Obama’s announcement of additional sanctions on Russian firms, but we still must do more to ensure Putin does not escalate the conflict in Ukraine. Putin must understand his actions in Ukraine are unacceptable and will not be tolerated. Until now, the administration’s response to Putin’s aggression has given him little reason to change his behavior. Continuing to go after the Russian economy is the way to send the most effective message.
Productive discussion today with Gary native Robert McDonald, nominee for Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
This morning I had the opportunity to meet with future Purdue University Professor (and former NASA engineer) Daniel Dumbacher prior to his testimony before a Senate committee.
NA
It was a pleasure to meet with the Tiegs family of Nez Perce.  Glad they took the time to stop by the Senate!
What They’re Saying: The HUMANE Act:
Houston Chronicle - Cornyn/Cuellar: Texas must take urgent action on migrant children crisis: 
This afternoon, Senator Corker wished NASA Astronaut and U.S. Navy Captain Barry “Butch” Wilmore of Mt. Juliet, Tennessee, good luck on his upcoming mission to the International Space Station. Wilmore, a graduate of Tennessee Technological University, will depart for the International Space Station in September and will begin serving as commander for Expedition 42 in November.
This bill, if it were adopted, would fine the Little Sisters of the Poor millions of dollars unless these Catholic nuns are willing to pay for abortion-producing drugs for others.  Mr. President, drop your faith fines. Mr. Majority leader, drop your faith fines. To all of my Democratic colleagues, drop your faith fines.   Faith fines have no place in our democracy: http://1.usa.gov/1oYHWCy
This is what Senate Democrats are trying to do to the First Amendment:
A very hearty congratulations to the City of McAllen TX Government Fire Department for winning the GMA 5-Alarm Firefighter Challenge!
We must stop the Obama Administration's pattern of lawlessness, of amnesty, of refusing to secure our border that is causing so many children to be subject to such horrific abuse.
The Obama-Clinton-Kerry foreign policy is wreaking catastrophic consequences across the globe: http://1.usa.gov/1wsxm7W
The Senate majority leader scheduled a vote on a bill to override the recent Supreme Court Hobby Lobby decision. Americans should have the right to make their own decision on this issue. As Washington Post fact checker Glenn Kessler pointed out, “the court ruling does not outlaw contraceptives, does not allow bosses to prevent women from seeking birth control and does not take away a person’s religious freedom”. This is just another attempt by the Senate majority to rally its followers in an election year.
The EPA decided to withdraw its direct final rule on administrative wage garnishment. That’s good news for Wyoming and all those who care about private property rights. I thank Senators Barrasso, Vitter, McConnell, Thune and all those who joined us in fighting this rule. We can’t stop now though. The EPA continues its pursuit of private and state water and its crusade against coal. The agency already has about 50 more regulations that have been proposed. We all need to stand up to this bureaucratic bully. 
Joined Fox News Radio 550 KFYI's The Nearly Famous Barry Young Show to discuss how President Barack Obama has more discretion to stem the flow of unaccompanied minors crossing the border than he's letting on.
What in San Juan Hill is the federal government doing funding this hunk-a-hunk-a burnin’ waste? #primecuts 
Joining Fox News Radio 550 KFYI's The Nearly Famous Barry Young Show at 9:06 PT to discuss how President Barack Obama can exercise his the powers to stem the flow of unaccompanied minors at the border now. List at the link below: 
Appreciate representatives from UNL and several Nebraska medical centers visiting my DC office this week. Always great to speak with hardworking Nebraskans about how we can strengthen healthcare and education opportunities in our state.
Just heard at admin brief on border issue that HHS pays b/n $250 & $1000/day to house each undocumented border crosser. Seems ridiculous!
Fall internships are available in Senator Grassley’s office; the new application deadline is August 1. More information is available here:
Always grateful to the North Dakota students who intern in my offices, and Navy, Alexis, and Annie have been doing a tremendous job this summer interning in my Washington, D.C. office.
Please contact my Bismarck office by this Friday if you would like to nominate a North Dakotan as an Angel in Adoption.   I am accepting nominations for North Dakota residents and organizations who have distinguished themselves through their work on behalf of adopted children, foster children and their families.
“We’ve requested a meeting with DEA Administrator Leonhart, either in North Dakota or Washington, to ensure that she is working with state and local officials to combat drug crimes in our state. We have requested additional DEA agents to help prevent drug crimes and we’re working to ensure that we get additional agents on the ground to help as soon as possible.”
“Education is a key part of empowering our citizens to access better opportunities and build a better life for themselves and their children. These funds will support Sitting Bull College’s and its volunteers’ efforts to secure these opportunities for members of Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. Furthermore, our AmeriCorps members will expand opportunity for themselves, gaining skills and experience to jumpstart their careers as well as funds to help them pursue their own education.”
Majority Leader Harry Reid said on the Senate floor yesterday that the border is secure. With roughly 1,200 unaccompanied alien children (UAC) currently living at Fort Sill who crossed the border illegally in the past couple months and thousands of more UAC expected, I have to strongly disagree. How about you? http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/212328-reid-southern-border-is-secure
One hundred sixty-seven members of Congress asked the president to press the Democratic Republic of Congo about hundreds of children being kept apart from their adoptive American families. I am proud to have signed my name to an effort to help these children reunite with their families and I hope that they will progress quickly through the final stages of adoption. -rj  You can read the letter below:  http://1.usa.gov/1kwHmrG
Today the Senate is voting on the "Protect Women's Health from Corporate Interference Act." The most extraordinary feature of this bill is the incongruity between its title and its content.  The title—the “Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act”—is clear and straightforward. It suggests the bill is aimed at the important and worthy goal of protecting women’s health.  But the text of the legislation plainly demonstrates that the true objective of the bill is to circumscribe Americans’ religious liberties within the narrow confines of the Democratic Party’s partisan agenda and the whims of politicians and bureaucrats.  While maintaining the appearance of preserving all the current legal protections of religious freedom in America today, this proposal quietly adds to them a subtle, yet deeply problematic and inappropriate, qualification: the federal government will not prohibit the free exercise of religion…until the federal government decides it wants to.   Under this bill, your religious liberties stop at the doorstep of the Democratic National Committee.  The authors of this bill know all this. They know the American people reject their intolerance of diversity and indifference to the First Amendment. We know their bill cannot become law. Indeed, we know this for a fact, because if the regulations they support were actually written in the law, Obamacare itself never would have passed. It was slipped in after the fact, by bureaucrats not subject to public accountability.  This legislation is more than an insult to the people it would target; it is an embarrassment to the party leadership that has embraced it. #NotMyBossBusiness #HobbyLobby
This afternoon, I had the opportunity to meet with the nominee for Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Mr. Bob McDonald. I was impressed by his candor, sincerity and commitment to serving our nation’s veterans. Mr. McDonald shares my dedication to seeing that veterans receive the best quality care they deserve from an agency that is worthy of their service, and I plan to support his nomination. The VA bureaucracy must be dismantled, and Mr. McDonald is focused and ready to take on the many challenges that lie ahead. I look forward to working with Mr. McDonald when he is confirmed as the new VA Secretary.
Congratulations to a true friend to Alaska and an expert on Arctic issues, Admiral Robert J. Papp, for becoming the United States' first ever Special Representative to the Arctic.  It's a positive step forward for America taking seriously that we're an Arctic Nation.  Naming Fran Ulmer as the Special Advisor on Arctic Science and Policy will also provide a serious boost to our work in the region.
Great meeting today with General Funk, the Big Red One’s Commanding General at Ft. Riley. I continue to fight for our soldiers and their families to ensure we stay Army Strong across the Flint Hills region.
Rubio: Limited Action Against Russia Makes U.S. Threats Look Hollow: http://1.usa.gov/1oJCmkG  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s announcement to impose new sanctions on Russia:   “The sanctions announced today by President Obama are inadequate. It is shameful that in the face of continued Russian aggression against Ukraine, the United States and our European allies remain unwilling to take decisive action to impose comprehensive sanctions against Russia’s banking, energy and arms sectors. Just in recent days, Russia has launched attacks against Ukrainian forces defending their sovereign territory and increased military assistance to separatists who are sowing chaos and instability in eastern Ukraine. Russia’s actions in Ukraine are not ‘targeted’ or calibrated to avoid economic repercussions. Its ongoing aggression against Ukraine is a direct threat to the post-World War II international order.     “In the pace and scope of U.S. assistance to Ukraine and the willingness to impose tough penalties on Putin, President Obama continues to act as if the U.S. does not have a direct interest in the outcome of the Ukrainian people’s struggle to choose their own destiny. Limited actions like those announced today make U.S. threats look hollow. Instead of continuing to avoid decisive action, it is time to stand with our Ukrainian partners, including immediate provision of lethal assistance requested by Ukraine, as they attempt to enjoy the fruits of freedom.” 
Senator Rubio Discusses The Border Crisis With Sean Hannity 
Rubio, Warner Introduce Dynamic Student Loan Repayment Act: http://1.usa.gov/1oYGd07  “On average, today’s graduates carry nearly $30,000 in student loan debt. But our current loan repayment system often turns what should be reasonable debts into crippling payments. Some graduates are forced to work multiple jobs, often in fields they didn’t train for, simply to keep from defaulting on these loans,” Rubio and Warner said in a joint statement. “Current income-driven repayment plans are underutilized because the system is so complicated. Our proposal doesn’t just layer another option on top of existing plans. Instead, it will streamline the current repayment options into a simpler, user-friendly repayment plan, one that automatically adjusts to the changes in a borrower’s income with none of the hassle or paperwork required in the current system.”    “This issue is personal for both of us,” Rubio and Warner said. “Neither of us could have attended college were it not for federal student loans. We both remember months when our paychecks were low and we weren’t sure if we could make our payments. Each of us has heard from constituents affected by crippling student debt. Our Dynamic Student Loan Repayment Act will provide an additional tool to help borrowers meet their obligations, and this must be part of a broader conversation about how to make higher education more affordable.”  
So nice to meet with some of the bright students from The University of Alabama Honors College today in my DC office!
Click here to read Sen. Sessions letter to his colleagues regarding the immigration crisis. The letter reads in part: “Congress must not acquiesce to spending more taxpayer dollars until the President unequivocally rescinds his threat of more illegal executive action… Congress cannot surrender to this lawlessness. Acting in defense of Congress, our constituents, and their communities, we must stand firm. This transcends politics. It is about our duty as constitutional officeholders. It is about the solemn oath we all took as Members of Congress.”
Loved talking with Coley and Holden Norris from Florence today at my Constituent Meet and Greet!  If you're around on a Wednesday when the Senate is in session, come by and say hello! http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/palmetto-wednesdays
Joined colleagues in asking for answers from the administration as to how they decided to implement regulations killing jobs on military bases: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/obama-administration%E2%80%99s-unilateral-wage-hike-military-bases%E2%80%99-fast-food-restaurants-may
Penn State University Creamery on Capitol Hill! Tell me Penn Staters, what's their best flavor?
Congratulations to Bucks County high school student Anna Erkalova on winning an NFIB Young Entrepreneur Award! Her small business makes public domain books available online. Keep up that entrepreneurial spirit!
Chatting with WBRE-TV & WTAJ-TV about school safety, excessive #EPA regulations and . . . tonight's softball showdown with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr.!
The federal government doesn’t have the right to force Americans to violate their faith. The bill put forward by Senate Democrats is nothing more than a political charade, designed to falsely suggest to the American people that employers can deny their employees access to birth control. If enacted, this legislation would trample on the rights of people of faith. It would nullify the Court’s finding that closely-held, family-owned businesses should not be forced by the federal government to pay for emergency contraceptives if it would violate their owners’ sincerely held religious beliefs.
