Following numerous allegations of mismanagement at Veterans Affairs health facilities, including those in Tennessee, Senator Alexander announced today that he will cosponsor legislation that would allow the next Secretary of the VA to immediately fire or demote Senior Executive Service employees for poor job performance. Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=1512b79e-95fc-46f5-83be-a147af78f1b1   LIKE OR SHARE IF YOU AGREE:
Senator Ayotte's statement on Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki's resignation: "While I appreciate Secretary Shinseki's service to our country, his resignation was a necessary step to allow new leadership to fix the gross systemic failures at the VA. President Obama's nominee to lead the department must bring action, transparency, and speed to the administration's response, which thus far has lacked the urgency our veterans deserve. The Senate will carefully and thoroughly review that nominee to ensure those qualities are met. As the administration's audit continues, those found responsible for negligence, fraud, or other misconduct must be held fully accountable, and the Senate must take up and pass legislation to make it easier to fire VA officials who have participated in wrongdoing. The VA must also immediately eliminate the waitlists by assisting veterans in seeking care at private health care facilities."
Mental health illnesses should be treated like physical illnesses are treated for veterans. KMBC 9 News Kansas City reported on my continued efforts to improve the quality of #mentalhealth treatment and my recent stops at health care centers and hospitals in Missouri. http://bit.ly/RL9r66
Great to join E.J. Becker and Ellen Schenk in-studio on KMBZ. Thank you for having me.
Behavioral health issues are at the root of tragedies like the Ft. Hood shooting. We have to remove the stigma associated with mental health illness and start treating those illnesses like any physical illness. The Southeast Missourian covers my ongoing efforts and recent stops at hospitals and behavioral health centers across Missouri. 
Great to talk with #mentalhealth care professionals at the Truman Medical Center Behavioral Health in Kansas City today.
Had a good discussion about #mentalhealth treatment with the professionals at the Family Guidance Center in St. Joseph today.
I’ve heard a lot of talk of funding as the source of the systemic problems within VA but is it really? Referencing the last few budgets: VA carried over $1.449 billion in medical-care funding from fiscal year 2010 to 2011, $1.163 billion from fiscal year 2011 to fiscal year 2012, $637 million from fiscal year 2012 to 2013, and $543 million from fiscal year 2013 to 2014. Finally, VA expects to carry over $450 million in medical-care funding from fiscal year 2014 to fiscal year 2015.   Making sure our veterans receive the care they deserve is important, but spending more money won't solve the problem if the VA is already not using the resources it has. Instead of creating false reasons for the major issues facing the VA, we should be working on real solutions and returning the focus from meeting quotas to serving veterans. 
I know this was a difficult decision for a decorated veteran. Secretary Shinseki built a career on tackling the tough challenges placed in front of him, and I thank him for his long and distinguished service to our nation. However, it was the right decision, as new leadership was needed at the agency. Along with new leadership, Congress must act to empower veterans facing unacceptable wait times at the VA with choice.   It must be reiterated that this problem is not about Phoenix but about the entire VA system and this one resignation will not solve the problem. This is not new, not contained within one facility, and not just about secret waitlists. We have a long, well documented history of reports from Inspector General, Government Accountability Office, and the Medical Inspector about the disturbing problems within the Department. The steps that have been taken by Secretary Shinseki to freeze bonuses and fire individuals at the Phoenix facility has done nothing to address the other 41 facilities currently under active investigation.   I look forward to working with Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson in his efforts to chart a new course for this troubled agency, and put it to work for all veterans.
Our website was one of twenty Senate sites to be recognized as one of the best, most constituent-friendly Congressional websites. I hope you find our website and e-newsletter to be helpful. You can learn more about the grades here: http://www.congressfoundation.org/projects/gold-mouse-project
The failures within our VA medical system pose a problem in need of an immediate solution and the President's ability to manage this crisis to this point has been nothing short of disappointing. The public, a large portion of the veterans’ community, and much of Congress have lost faith in Secretary Shinseki's ability to make the necessary changes to fix the shortcomings that have cost our veterans timely medical care they need and earned. The administration must take quick action to regain that confidence, and up to now, a sense of urgency in the White House has been lacking to say the least.   While a leadership change at VA is in order, a new secretary alone will not absolve the President of his responsibility to ensure our veterans receive quality care in a timely manner. If there is a sense of complacency that has set in within VA, it is the President's responsibility to reverse that course which will require much more effort on his part than merely nominating a new secretary.
Patient backlogs, mismanagement and unreasonable delays for reviews of disability claims are evidence that the VA health and benefits system is broken. This resignation, by itself, fixes nothing. This issue requires more than a change in management. I fully support continued investigations to make sure we identify and hold responsible those who have falsified records and neglected patient care. The culture of the VA must change, and we need to look at solutions outside of government-run facilities. My focus remains on ensuring Hoosier veterans receive the care they not only earned, but deserve.
With my grandson Luke at Jeffboat in Jeffersonville
NA
I was honored to receive a key to the city of Madison from Mayor Damon Welch
Visiting with friends and local residents in beautiful Madison this morning
Many thanks to members of the Idaho Falls Mortgage Lenders Association for hosting me today for a productive discussion on reforming our nation's broken housing finance system. #GSEreform #idpol
NA
Cornyn Statement on Sec. Shinseki’s Resignation:
Senator Corker released the following statement today regarding the resignation of Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric Shinseki.   “I appreciate Secretary Shinseki’s military and public service to our country, and while a change in leadership was necessary the problems run much deeper than one person,” said Corker. “The administration must work with Congress to solve the chronic, systemic problems that exist within the VA so that our nation’s veterans can receive the quality and timely care they deserve.”   To read more about Senator Corker’s efforts to ensure the VA is held accountable, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1hG9G9x.
VA Secretary Shinseki has resigned, but that won’t fix the VA’s systemwide problems. Our heroes deserve better than being trapped in a failing government healthcare system.
A moving time in Poland visiting memorials and hearing from leaders of a critical regional ally.
About to join News/Talk 92.3 KTAR's Rob & Karie to discuss the latest on the #VA. Listen live at http://player.liquidcompass.net/KTARFM
President has accepted Sec. Shinseki's resignation.  Good move. Now let's fix the problems. #VA
In light of the massive system failure throughout the VA, it was right for General Shinseki to resign.  We all appreciate his decades of honorable service in uniform to our nation, however his resignation is not a solution to the underlying problem.    The only hope of changing the VA for the better is to allow veterans to have a choice of health care outside the VA system.  Every veteran should have a card they can take to local hospitals and doctors if the VA is failing to meet their needs.  Nothing short of this change will deliver better service.  We should empower the veteran and let them vote with their feet.  
Q&A tour w 23 ppl Lee Container Centerville Topics-jobs, VA, Obamacare, farm bill, rural development, guns, 1st & 2nd amendments
Q&A tour w 44ppl RELCO Albia Topics-Obamacare,EducLoans,immig,VA, ExecOrders,GovBailouts, DefenseBudget,welfare,guns,whistleblowers,pipeline
Senator Grassley on the Veterans Affairs Secretary's resignation: “When problems in a department are widespread, the top leadership bears ultimate responsibility for the management shortcomings that let it happen.   But this can’t be the end of the story.  The problems will still be there after this resignation, and they need to be fixed.  Everyone in the department who was responsible should go.   The Senate should take up the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act that the House passed last week to help make that possible.   That legislation makes it easier to fire senior Veterans Affairs employees over poor performance.  I’m co-sponsoring the Senate companion bill.  Too often, a resignation at the top becomes an excuse for a president to abandon reforms and escape accountability.  This resignation doesn’t change anything.  It doesn’t give President Obama a free pass to move on.”
Pella Town Meeting 48 ppl Topics-VA, EITC, Obamacare, NCLB, debt, immigration, guns, federal reserve, term limits
NA
Here is LuAnne’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
My full statement regarding the resignation of U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Shinseki:  "I have great respect for Secretary Shinseki’s service to our country. As a soldier and as a public servant in civilian life, he has dedicated his life to this great nation. However, as the VA has continued to operate on a 1940s system in the 21st century, problems plaguing the Department are far too serious to ignore. Veterans in Nevada and across the country deserve the best our nation has to offer, and they are entitled to a VA system that delivers the benefits that they earned. To date, the VA has not met this standard.   "Moving forward, we need to focus on restoring veterans' confidence in the VA system. Regardless of who replaces Secretary Shinseki, the issues throughout the VA will not go away without a dedicated and unrelenting approach to fixing them. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on a bipartisan basis to address issues such as the crippling backlog in benefits claims, veterans' access to the services they need, and quality care across-the-board," said Senator Dean Heller.
Eric Shinseki has honorably served our country through his service in two wars and through a variety of command positions in the U.S. Army. While he understands first hand what it means to be a veteran, I hope that his resignation gives the opportunity for new leadership in the Department of Veterans Affairs to quickly and effectively enact overdue reforms in the VA. This will also require Congress to do its job of providing oversight and the President to step up and lead as our Commander-in-Chief. This is about more than just fraudulent waiting lists. When America sends our men and women to war, we vow to care for them when they return. Instead, over the past several years, they have endured waiting lists just to gain access to what often turns out to be poor quality of care. With over 2 million Americans having served in Iraq and Afghanistan, the VA will be faced with a new influx of patients in the coming years, and it must to be ready to meet their health needs.
Why would the government deliberately make it more worthwhile for employers to consider automating jobs? http://t.co/9ivUNlVJxu
When the government make it costlier to employ people, automation happens. http://t.co/lZoZv4S0dR
More whistleblowers come forward with allegations of culture of corruption at Hines VA. Our #veterans deserve better, and VA employees who share evidence of misconduct should be protected from retaliation or intimidation.
I am meeting with whistleblowers today to see if secret wait lists are systemic in IL VA hospitals.   #ShareYourStory: vets@kirk.senate.gov
#tbt In July I visited with injured vets at Hines VA. Vets' health is more important than bonuses.
We have received over 200 new submissions today.  If you are on Instagram, you should go look through the amazing pictures of Utah that are tagged with #RoadLessTraveledUtah.  Be sure to "Like" the pictures that you like the best.  While you are there, be sure to also follow @SenMikeLee and @Utahgram.  Of course, you also have until 2:00 p.m. MT today to enter your own submission.
If you haven't shared your #RoadLessTraveledUtah photos on Instagram, you still have time.  The deadline is tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. MT: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/roadlesstraveledutah-photo-contest
This afternoon I held a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Gray County at the Cimarron City Library. The conversation focused on Sec. Shinseki’s resignation and making certain the VA culture is transformed, local care for veterans, rural health care, EPA water rules, the Lesser Prairie Chicken and immigration reform. Thanks again to Candis Hemel for helping arrange and allowing me to host a town hall in the city library.
Today I stopped by the open house at Crustbuster's new Assembly plant in Spearville and toured the fabrication, welding and assembly facilities. Crustbuster manufactures Drills, planters, seed tenders, conveyors and other equipment. It was great to see owners Don and Christy Hornung and visit with their son Matt.
Today, VA Secretary Eric Shinseki offered his resignation to President Obama, and the President accepted. Leadership matters - Calling for Secretary Shinseki’s resignation did not come lightly to me, but accountability starts at the top and the step taken today is just the beginning. We now need accountability and true reform within the VA all across the country. For this to occur, we need a fresh perspective and a leader who is willing to shake up the VA’s bureaucratic culture. I believe this individual should not come from within the current dysfunctional system that is failing our veterans. I hope the President is willing to give veterans an individual they can trust to take the Department of Veteran’s Affairs in a new direction, and give veterans hope that the VA can move beyond its failures and provide them with the care they earned and deserve. We should not rest until our veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice.
Because of his deeply held belief in accountability, General Shinseki submitted his resignation to the President today.  But this structural problem is far larger than one man, and if true reform is to be enacted and felt within the VA, Shinseki should be the first of many, many more to depart the agency.
New leadership and a fresh set of eyes can often be helpful in solving problems like the ones plaguing the VA. That said, I think it’s important we remember that this is a systemic problem throughout the VA and that simply replacing the Secretary—while necessary—is in no way sufficient to begin to eliminate the problems that have plagued veterans’ healthcare.
Congrats to Cooper Tires in Findlay on their 100th anniversary!  We must work to ensure Washington is helping, not hurting, Ohio businesses.
I just issued a letter to the Department of Veteran Affairs seeking answers on Kentucky Veteran's health care.   We know that the problems at the VA are deeper than any one resignation or firing can fix. This is a systemic failure and Kentuckians deserve to know the full extent of the abuses.  READ: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1167
Around Kentucky
This morning I toured the innovative and impressive Honeywell avionics repair facility in Wichita and had the opportunity to greet the senior Marine on site. Semper Fi.
Rubio: Shinseki Resignation Only First Step Toward Real Reform: http://1.usa.gov/1pEAYC3  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today regarding Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric Shinseki’s resignation, calling on Senate Democrats to empower his successor and bring greater accountability to the VA by supporting S. 2013, the VA Management Accountability Act of 2014. Rubio is the Senate’s original sponsor of the bill, which passed the U.S. House of Representatives with the support of 165 Democrats and is co-sponsored by seven Democrats in the United States Senate.   “Secretary Shinseki’s resignation is just the first step in addressing the institutional neglect of veterans at the VA, but that alone won’t solve the problem. The systemic mismanagement will continue unless we bring reform to the VA and hold all those who are responsible accountable. Under current law, whoever succeeds Secretary Shinseki will be prohibited from firing VA employees such as those detailed in the inspector general’s latest report, who have failed at their jobs and therefore failed our nation’s veterans.    “This level of failure is simply inexcusable and must be fixed immediately. Our veterans deserve the best medical treatment possible, which is why I hope more Senate Democrats will join in supporting the VA Management Accountability Act of 2014, a bill that would bring accountability to the VA and empower the new VA Secretary to fire and hold accountable those who had responsibility in neglecting, mistreating, or mismanaging care for our veterans. This is a common sense, bipartisan reform that deserves a vote in the Senate as soon as possible so we can better care for those who have courageously served our nation.”  
It was time for new leadership at the Department of Veterans Affairs, and I believe that VA Sec Shinseki made the right choice in resigning. It is my hope that Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson can truly begin to address the rampant challenges that are preventing our brave veterans from receiving the care they need and deserve.   Read my statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/statement-resignation-veterans-affairs-secretary-eric-shinseki
Happy Friday PA! Here's your weekly update: http://ow.ly/xs2wg. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/xs2Ek . Thanks for reading!
General Shinseki is a decorated, disabled U.S. Army veteran who served our country courageously for decades.  For his service, we owe him a debt of gratitude.  Nevertheless, his departure from the VA is an important first step in restoring confidence in a troubled department.    Our men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world, and too often now, they are not. At the heart of this problem is poor management and lack of accountability, and we need to fix these problems without delay. President Obama should nominate, and the Senate should confirm, an experienced manager and leader who can restore a culture of excellence and ethics throughout the VA.
The men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world.
Sharing my plan to hold the #VA accountable at the PA American Legion HQ in Harrisburg. #VAScandal
Glad to have Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James touring Keesler, recognized as 2013’s top Air Force base in America.
