We’re a week into 2014 – how has ObamaCare impacted your health coverage thus far? Share your story in the comments below or by visiting bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
NA
NA
NA
The beginning of a new year brings a new group of interns to my DC office, and I had the opportunity to visit with them during their first week on the job.
Space weather experts say Maine and other northern states may be able to see the beautiful "northern lights" tonight and early tomorrow morning. Have you ever seen them? 
Enjoyed meeting with members of Japan's parliament:
Cornyn: Senate Dems Blocking Ideas to Get Americans Back to Work:
Cornyn Backs Amendment Requiring EPA To Report Economic Impact Of Regulations:
It's altogether fitting that President Obama is today talking about income inequality because income inequality has increased dramatically as a direct result of his economic policies. Out-of-control government spending, debt, taxes, and regulations have killed millions of jobs. Unfortunately, rather than stop Washington's job-killing policies, President Obama proposes yet more government spending and debt. People need jobs. All of America needs to be a real 'Promise Zone'--with reduced barriers to small businesses creating private-sector jobs--and we should start by repealing every word of Obamacare, building the Keystone pipeline, abolishing the IRS, and rolling back abusive regulations.
Ladies and gentlemen, the #ConstitutionalCorroborators #TBT
The United States should always negotiate from a position of strength, not weakness. Unfortunately, the deal we struck with Iran in November compromises our strength, and will free substantial economic relief to Iran with virtually no concessions.  Now we are essentially investing in a nation that openly promotes the annihilation of Israel and has innocent Americans imprisoned under deplorable conditions, while having no assurance that Iran will take any meaningful steps to pause their efforts to acquire nuclear weapons. The United States must cease any further negotiations until Iran agrees to these reasonable concessions.
The President should not be able to make any treaty — and Congress should not be able to implement any treaty — in a way that displaces the sovereignty reserved to the states or to the people.
Folks in Wyoming often have to travel long distances to see a doctor, but telemedicine can help bring the care they need right to their homes. Recently, the Federation of State Medical Boards began working out key details for speeding up the process of issuing licenses for physicians who wish to practice across state lines. Senator John Thune and I sent a letter with 14 other senators applauding these efforts, which will go a long way to help expand access to care for rural states and communities.
Pleased to see intro of TPA in Senate today. Increased free trade will create jobs, raise living standards http://ow.ly/sqB9J
I learned this new information when I was finally allowed the opportunity to interview a State Department survivor of the Benghazi attack.   There are other Benghazi survivors I would like to speak with and I will continue to press for meetings with them.  Like many of you, I remain concerned about what happened before, during, and after the attack.  I have not given up and continue to push the Obama Administration for answers.  I will get to the bottom of what happened in Benghazi.
Farms w/ 16 mgrs seem 2 want mgmt likeCongress Makes no sense 2 me. Extra mgrs r only 2 exploit taxpayers Key 2 keep my reforms in FarmBill
Word isReforms saving taxpayer $ & approved by 75% ofSenate, 54% ofHouse are holding up FarmBill. Why undo text Congress actually agrees on?
Had great evening spending time with the outstanding members of the North Dakota National Guard's 188th who are currently serving in Washington, D.C.  Many thanks to each of these soldiers and their families for the important work they do.
Another ObamaCare #BrokenPromise: Medicaid expansion under ObamaCare will INCREASE emergency room visits: http://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelcannon/2014/01/02/oregon-study-exposes-another-obamacare-falsehood-rather-than-reduce-unnecessary-er-use-medicaid-increases-it/
Yesterday I introduced an amendment to the unemployment insurance extension bill (S.1845) that would prohibit the EPA from finalizing any regulations until it publicly reports how the agency’s existing regulations are impacting the economy and job creation. The EPA is already required to file these reports under the Clean Air Act of 1977, but have failed to do so. This amendment would bring much-needed transparency to the EPA’s reckless regulatory policies and help bring an end to our long-term unemployment crisis.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-amendment-to-require-epa-to-report-economic-impact-of-regulations
I warned three years ago that by failing to negotiate a continued presence of U.S. forces beyond 2011, President Obama would jeopardize Iraq’s long term stability and also empower Iran. This risk is coming true today and threatens to undo all that our men and women in uniform have fought and died to gain.  The deteriorating situation currently in Fallujah and Ramadi is the result of a short-sided decision by President Obama to completely pull out of the country and should have been prevented.  Going forward the U.S. can assist with intelligence and surveillance of al-Qaeda, training of Iraqi forces, and logistical support without placing boots on the ground, but we also need Iraqi Prime Minister Malaki to commit to necessary political and economic reforms to bring stability to the country.   http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jan/7/iraqi-army-clashes-militants-near-fallujah/
I'm disappointed FEMA denied assistance for #Illinois tornado recovery efforts. Senator Dick Durbin and I support Gov. Quinn's appeal.
Our current higher education system is controlled by the iron triangle of regional accreditation organizations, the schools and federal bureaucrats.  As a result, the higher education system is falling behind on its ability to meet the higher education needs of today's students in a way that is affordable and accessible.  Today I introduced the HERO Act to expand higher education opportunities to low-income and middle-class families.
I have some good news to report out of the U.S. Senate - the passage of a bill I introduced called the Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act. It's a step in the right direction for the licensed practitioners who help ensure public safety and care for animals in Kansas and across the country. By legalizing the transportation and dispensation of controlled substances, this legislation makes certain veterinarians are equipped with the tools they need, and is particularly important for practitioners who work in rural areas, conduct research or respond to emergency situations.
Last night, Wal-Mart announced that they are committed to keeping Alaska seafood on its shelves.  I am pleased that Wal-Mart decision-makers took me up on my offer to visit Alaska before making a final determination about our fish, and it’s clear Alaska’s sustainable wild seafood continues to be its own best advocate.  The management of Alaska’s fisheries – and our commitment to sustainability – should never be in doubt.  Alaska looks forward to a long, healthy, and delicious relationship with Wal-Mart’s customers nationwide.
The U.S Army Alaska just announced that while Ft. Wainwright is adding personnel, some reductions at Joint Base Elmendorf Richardson mean that our state is losing over 300 Army staff. Though Alaska is disappointed to lose any members of the U.S. Army, these overall numbers show that the Last Frontier remains a premier location for the nation’s defense.  With the U.S. Army responsibly conducting a regular evaluation of their positioning worldwide to boost efficiency, many states are seeing far larger reductions compared to Alaska’s 3 percent. As the Pentagon shifts from a post-war status, Alaska’s two Brigade Combat Teams will continue to operate at full strength following this reorganization – proving again the strategic role that Alaska plays in the protection of critical US interests in the Pacific and around the world.
Spoke on floor urging Senate Democrats to allow a vote on my amendment that contains a proposal based on the President’s own budget. Watch here:
The nation is enduring the weakest recovery since the Great Depression, 11 million people remain unemployed, and millions more have dropped out of the labor force.  Expand jobs not jobless benefits: http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2014/01/09/rand-paul-unemployment-rate-economy-column/4393639/
Discussing my Economic Freedom Zone plan with the White House press corps
At the White House waiting to hear how President Obama's "Promise Zones" compare to my Economic Freedom Zones plan.
In case you missed it: Last night, I appeared on Fox News with Greta Van Susteren to tell my Obamacare horror story. I also showed off the birthday gift Sen. Mike Lee gave me.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wf4Q1W8SC-0
MUST-READ: http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2014-01-08/news/ct-kass-met-0108-20140108_1_bathtub-nsa-filmmaker
I joined Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Jim Inhofe, and Senator Orrin Hatch in introducing a resolution that says further bilateral talks with Iran must be conditional upon the release of U.S. prisoners unjustly detained in Iran and upon Iran’s public affirmation of the right of Israel to exist as a Jewish state. The Iranians have yet to implement any of the interim agreement requirements set over a month ago. To expect the Iranians will do more in six months is foolish. The Administration should be protecting our greatest ally in the region and demanding Iranians publicly state their acceptance for the State of Israel while also working to ensure the release of innocent Americans before taking another step closer to President Rouhani.
More than three months into the exchange and still millions more Americans are losing their health care plans than can sign up for #Obamacare.
Here is the text of Sen. Sessions' response to the President's announced "promise zones":   “The President today announced five ‘promise zones’ scattered throughout the entirety of the nation for the millions of chronically unemployed Americans. It represents an admission that five years of tax, spend, borrow, and regulate have produced economic misery for countless Americans. His policies are growing the government and shrinking the middle class. Since the President declared the end of the recession, conditions for working Americans have not improved. Surely the President does not believe the five ‘promise zones’ are a sufficient remedy when 91.5 million Americans are outside the workforce. As his own economic advisor said, there are three people looking for every one job available.  Yet what is the President’s top second-term priority? Is it a plan to help Americans on unemployment and welfare find good-paying jobs? No, the top priority remains an immigration bill crafted by CEOs that will double the flow of new workers from abroad to compete in every industry and sector throughout the U.S. economy. If the President succeeds in pushing through the House his plan to take jobs needed by Americans, he will have to create many more ‘promise zones’ for the millions of displaced workers.”
Sen. Sessions released this statement today in response to the President's speech on chronic unemployment.
NA
Visit http://scott.senate.gov/OpportunityAgenda for more information.
Today, I introduced an amendment to restore the 40-hour workweek that has been unraveled by Obamacare. 
 
 Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-introduces-amendment-restore-40-hour-work-week-unraveled-obamacare
In case you missed it, Chris Stigall and I chatted this morning. I gave him an update from Washington. Thanks for listening! http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/stigallpodcasts/#
Last night, Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I read aloud the names of the Pennsylvania service members killed in action in 2013. We honor these 6 men.
