Senator Alexander presents Hankook Tire Vice Chairman Seung Hwa Suh with a reproduction of the original manuscript of the Tennessee Waltz at the groundbreaking of Hankook’s first tire manufacturing plant in North America in Clarksville, TN. The new plant will create 1,800 new jobs in Tennessee, which Alexander said is one more sign that “Tennessee is the most attractive state for new jobs in the auto industry.”
Senator Ayotte was at Osram Sylvania in Hillsboro today to celebrate employee appreciate day and the launch of their new energy efficient LED headlamp.  Workers at Osram Sylvania are doing exciting work to develop innovative automotive lighting right in Hillsboro.  Also as part of today’s event, Osram Sylvania honored the community by donating a Ford F-150 to the Hillsboro Fire Department.
It was great meeting with folks at Boone County Farm Bureau's annual meeting on Tuesday evening. There are a lot of Farm Bureau meetings this week. Tonight my staff will be at the Hempstead County Annual Farm Bureau Meeting at Hempstead Hall on the UACCH campus at 6 pm and the Lincoln County Farm Bureau Annual Meeting in Star City at 6:30 pm
Enjoyed visiting with everyone who came out last night for the opening ceremony of Special Olympics Wyoming’s Fall Tournament. These are folks who live every day with courage.  
NA
NA
NA
Thanks to all those who participated in last night’s town meeting in Moyie Springs.  Idahoans offer a common-sense approach to problem solving that is too often absent from Washington, D.C. #idpol  For a full list of this week's local town meetings across the Idaho Panhandle, click here:http://goo.gl/S7VsCN   Thursday, October 9  Bonners Ferry 10:30 AM to 11:30 AM Memorial Hall, Boundary County Fairgrounds  Laclede 5:00 PM to 6:00 PM Laclede Community Hall, 24 Moore Loop Road  Sandpoint 7:00 to 8:00 PM Panhandle State Bank, Second Floor Auditorium, 414 Church Street
NA
Joined my friend Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo today for a tour of APD's Forensic Crime Lab and to discuss our shared commitment to eliminating the rape kit backlog. The recently reauthorized Debbie Smith Act will help Austin and cities across the country achieve their goal of ensuring every rape kit is tested in a timely manner. Each kit has the potential to put a rapist behind bars and deliver justice for victims of sexual assault. Thanks to Texas Council on Family Violence and Texas Association Against Sexual Assault for joining us to highlight this important effort and mark National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.
5th Circuit correctly refuses to reconsider its ruling upholding Texas’ HB2 to protect women and the unborn. #Stand4Life
Unfortunately after six years of the Obama/Clinton/Kerry foreign policy, it seems to be a foreign policy that focuses on photo ops and press releases, but not on concrete military objectives that are tied to our national security.
Laramie County Community College (LCCC) has shown great resourcefulness and success in developing courses that meet the dual needs of college credit and workplace knowledge and skill development. I saw the hard work of their students and success of their programs yesterday touring the campus in Cheyenne. LCCC offer offers nearly 80 associate degrees and almost 30 certificates of completion, along with numerous non-credit classes to over 4,000 full-time students. Click through the photos to learn more about individual programs, such as the specialized wind energy program they have on campus. #WyoWorks
Safeway grocery stores employees over 600 full-time and part-time people across the state of Wyoming. As part of my Wyoming Works Tour, I visited one of their stores in Cheyenne, where I was able to go behind the scenes and see how they prepare the produce, meat, and baked goods daily. Thanks to Joey Sparks (store manager), Jay Gomez (regional manager), and everyone else at team Safeway for taking the time to show me around and explain the stores daily operations. #WyoWorks
Our nation’s innovators know how to think outside the box, create economic opportunity and grow our economy.  Unfortunately, Washington’s outdated policies and regulations stifle creativity and hold back innovation. Washington needs a tech policy reboot.  
“UND Aerospace is already the recognized national leader in manned aviation, and now we’re working to make it the undisputed leader in unmanned aviation. The Aerospace and UAS Research, Training and Education Building we broke ground for today represents a big step forward in doing that. That’s what will attract world-class companies like Northrop Grumman and others to cluster here in Grand Forks, churning out ideas, products and skillfully trained UAS operators for the nation.”
Yesterday President Obama made a rare visit to the Pentagon and he called for Congress to address the  “draconian” defense budget cuts caused by sequestration. The President’s comments were phony when viewed through the lens of his historically steep cuts to our national security. What the President failed to say is that he was the principal architect of these $500 billion in “draconian” cuts that have dismantled our military and devastated readiness.  Furthermore, prior to these cuts, the President had already slashed $487 billion from our national defense, while increasing non-defense spending by 30 percent. The President needs to finally come to Congress with an honest proposal to adequately fund our military so they can defend the nation and return home safely to their loved ones.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-presidents-visit-to-pentagon-sequestration
Last night KJRH and the American Legion Post 1 held an open forum to discuss the latest VA reform bill Congress passed in July and how it is already helping to improve the medical care veterans are receiving in Oklahoma. At the event, my staff also spoke about how we work with Oklahoma veterans to navigate federal red tape and ensure they receive their earned and due benefits. This year alone, my office has opened and is actively working on 800 cases of local veterans needing assistance with the VA. If you are a veteran in Oklahoma needing help with your benefits, health care, military records, or obtaining due military medals, please contact my Tulsa office at (918) 748-5111.  http://www.kjrh.com/news/local-news/muskogee-va-has-cut-down-delays-improved-access-to-care
#TBT to October 2013: My staff joined together to raise awareness and support breast cancer research by participating in the American Cancer Society's Making Strides Against Breast Cancer walk. They participated in honor of a staff member’s wife who is a breast cancer survivor, and as of today, has been in remission for over a year. In honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month, please do your part to raise awareness and support efforts to cure breast cancer.
Today the Daily Oklahoman editorial board had a piece on how the Obama Administration's policies are harming rural areas across the country. I appreciate Sen. Jerry Moran for joining Sen. Tom Coburn and I at the State Chamber of Oklahoma's forum to discuss these concerns as well as how we can reverse course on the federal overregulation that is harming economic opportunity for Oklahomans. http://newsok.com/article/5349508?slideout=1
In 1861, Abraham Lincoln told Congress that the “leading object” of American government was:   “to elevate the condition of men – to lift artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear the paths of laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start and a fair chance, in the race of life.”  In a single sentence, Lincoln explains precisely what poverty is, and what government ought to do about it.  As Lincoln knew first hand, true poverty was, for most people, not an absence of money, but an absence of opportunity – a lack of access to those social and economic networks where human opportunities are created.
This is Wesley Craig, who proudly served in the Navy during WWII and the Coast Guard in the Korean War. #honorutahveterans
I enjoyed a visit to the Gila River Indian Community this week, where I visited with Governor Gregory Mendoza, met with kids from the Community's Head Start program, toured the Hu Hu Kam Memorial Hospital, and honored Gila River native and World War II hero Ira Hayes.
1,500 feet underground this week at Resolution Copper mine in Superior, Arizona - which has potential to be the largest copper mine in North America, bringing thousands of jobs and billions in economic investment to our state.
Proud to pay tribute this week to WWII hero and Gila River Indian Community native Ira Hayes, who helped raise the American flag atop Mt. Suribachi during the Battle of Iwo Jima - the iconic image of the Second World War
Sen. Mitch McConnell was on hand here Thursday afternoon to celebrate the addition of Madison County, something he lobbied federal officials to make happen.
Sen. McConnell joins local & state law enforcement to announce national anti-drug program for Madison Co, #Kentucky.  Sen. McConnell: "We are glad today to announce that Madison County has been included in the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, or “HIDTA” program. Far from just another federal government acronym, the HIDTA model is one that works. It couples federal law-enforcement personnel with state and local task forces, and supplies needed training and technology to this fight. That is why when Kentucky cops and prosecutors sought my assistance in getting Madison County included in the HIDTA program, I was all in."
This afternoon, I joined Governor Brownback and members of his cabinet, State Senator Jeff King, Montgomery County Action Council Director Aaron Heckman, and an organized group of concerned civic and elected officials from across Montgomery County to discuss how to handle last week's announcement that Amazon is moving their operation from Southeast Kansas. It was a standing-room only crowd of about 150 area residents and resulted in a productive meeting. Governor Brownback pledged his commitment to recovery, and members of his cabinet offered programs to help with job placement and training. I have reached out to the Department of Labor and the Department of Commerce, and will continue to look for ways at the federal level to assist and help this rural community persevere. Thanks to Governor Brownback and State Senator Jeff King for inviting me to take part in the meeting.
Today, I was in Southeast Kansas for Noon Rotary Club in Parsons. My keynote address touched on the importance of keeping rural communities thriving and my efforts to make certain veterans have access to health care. Thanks to Parsons Rotary Club President Peter Cook for allowing me to speak, Ann Charles of Great Plains Industrial Park for the kind introduction, and to Dr. Wayne Gilmore setting up my visit.
This morning, I joined Kansas City entrepreneurs for breakfast at the Google Fiber Space. The event was hosted by KCNext — the Technology Council of Greater Kansas City — and was a great opportunity for local entrepreneurs to share their success stories and challenges with area civic leaders including KCK Mayor Mark Holland and KCMO Mayor Sly James.   Also in attendance was entrepreneur Steve Case who is on a road trip through the midwest — Rise of the Rest— to promote and celebrate American entrepreneurship. Here, I'm pictured with Engine Executive Director Julie Samuels. To learn more about Rise of the Rest and fascinating stories from entrepreneurs across the Midwest, visit riseoftherest.tumblr.com.
It was good to be in Hoxie at JD's this week to visit with area residents about a number of issues affecting Kansas and their community including the lesser prairie chicken, agriculture, transportation, access to health care, keeping rural America alive and the tax code. Thanks to Terry Feldt for helping to coordinate my visit.   For a full listing of my upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops, visit my website.
The permafrost tunnel up in Fox has done so much to advance scientific research; it’s like a time machine to the conditions from the past 30,000 years. Congrats to UAF for earning a $1.5 million grant to expand its operations – as well as creating a travelling exhibit that will allow Americans in the Lower 48 to learn more about Alaska and Arctic conditions!
Alaska’s small craft breweries are creating jobs and quenching thirst across our state – all while making their local communities proud.  Congrats to Alaska Brewing Company for winning a Bronze Medal at the Great American Beer Festival in Boulder!  (And see you next week, HooDoo!) 
Joined CNN this morning to discuss the need to be more proactive to prevent the spread of Ebola and to defeat ISIS.
Senators Urge Kerry To Deny Venezuela A Seat In U.N. Security Council: http://1.usa.gov/1BX7nbN  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today led a group of bipartisan senators in urging Secretary of State John Kerry to lead a diplomatic effort to deny Venezuela a seat on the United Nations Security Council (UNSC).   In addition to Rubio, the letter was signed by Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL), Mark Kirk (R-IL), Bill Nelson (D-FL), John McCain (R-AZ) and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez (D-NJ).   In the letter to Kerry, the senators highlighted the gross human rights violations committed under the oppressive Maduro regime, and argued that granting Venezuela a seat on the UNSC would undermine the Administration’s goal of promoting international peace and security.   “In addition to President Maduro’s vocal disdain for the United Nations, his government’s actions, at the U.N. and at home, run counter to the founding principles and norms of the U.N. Charter, namely the pursuit of international peace and security and the promotion of human rights and fundamental freedoms for all people,” wrote the senators. “Venezuela’s membership on the U.N. Security Council would constitute a serious blow for the United States and United Nations at a time when we must collaborate to address the world’s most pressing challenges.”  
ICYMI: Rubio: Taxpayers Should Not Have To Bail Out ObamaCare  Rubio: “What bothers me is simple, and that is that the taxpayer is once again on the hook for all of this.”
Sen. Sessions issued the following comments today on the WH’s admission that the timing of executive amnesty for after the election was designed to shield Senate Democrats:  "One is left breathless by the White House’s admission that it is timing its planned nullification of America’s immigration laws for after election day in the hope that it will spare Senate Democrats from the public’s wrath. Instead of rebelling against executive amnesty, Senate Democrats have supported it every step of the way. They continue to put their loyalty to Leader Reid and the White House ahead of the interests of the struggling American workers they are supposed to represent. America’s borders are not up for debate. Activist CEOs do not get to sit in a secret meeting at the White House, flanked by amnesty activists and Democrat consultants, and decide it’s time to scrub away our national boundaries.  We must not let this happen. We will not let this happen. The people of this country will not tolerate the decimation of their laws, borders, and wages."
Great meeting Dustin Swygert, an apprenticeship success story who  now works full time at MTU America in Graniteville!  My LEAP Act, a critical piece of my Opportunity Agenda, encourages apprenticeships across the nation.
Great talking with the Pee Dee Black Chamber of Commerce in Florence about the power and potential of small businesses and entrepreneurship!  http://www.scnow.com/news/local/article_9180b598-4f51-11e4-adfc-001a4bcf6878.html
Pennsylvania: Home of the world's largest pierogi. Mmmm....
Today, my regional manager, Marta Gabriel, and PA State Senator John Rafferty Jr. had the opportunity to congratulate WWII veteran Augustus DiMino on his induction into the Southeastern Veterans' Center's Hall of Fame in Spring City, Chester County!
The Administration should be speaking out more forcefully on behalf of the people of Hong Kong who are trying to exercise self-determination. This is a matter of importance not only to those people seeking to be free but also to the American people, who share these democratic values. We should not miss this opportunity to be on the right side of history. 
