Speaking to Admix employees
I joined Jamie Allman in-studio on NewsTalk 97.1 FM in St. Louis this morning to discuss my amendment to protect food supply and jobs from unnecessary sequester furloughs.
Congress failed to pass a new Farm Bill last year, but the Senate Agriculture Committee is creating legislation to safeguard Arkansas farmers and ranchers this Congress. I visited Arkansas Egg Company, the only organic poultry farm in Arkansas, today to get suggestions for ways to improve farm policy.
When Cathy and I were first married we served as mentors and house parents to at risk boys. I'm sharing this experience and other stories with students at Archer Learning Center for at Risk Kids.
I'll be joining Mark Smith with News/Talk on KASU in about 15 minutes. You can listen here.
Op-Ed: The President recently signed the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) into law for another five years-- a bright spot in our divided government.  Some of you know that it was a trip to a children's shelter in Twin Falls a number of years ago that galvanized my support for abuse prevention.  The VAWA legislation will help prevent domestic and sexual violence and ensure continued services for victims.
Paperwork anyone?  Here is the 21-page "short form" to see if you qualify for Obamacare subsidy in insurance exchanges
VIDEO: Over 1,200 Texans will be shut out of the White House by end of April:
New Cornyn Video: "Spring Break Shut-Out":
Beginning of the end for Obamacare?
In a Bloomberg View op-ed (http://bloom.bg/102zLYi) today, Sen. Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, discusses the benefits for “America’s future competitiveness and prosperity” from completion of a successful U.S.-EU trade deal.
Hold onto your wallets. WSJ reports Obamacare is causing insurers to warn customers about skyrocketing premiums on the horizon (http://on.wsj.com/14fTGII).
Senator McConnell had an interesting take on the third birthday of President Obama’s health care law.
Are federal regulations hindering your ability to run your business, farm, or ranch? Today I announced "Rolling Back Regulations: Nebraskans Speak Out," a new opportunity for Nebraskans to voice specific regulations they believe are unnecessary or overly burdensome. Please visit my website to submit your suggestions for federal regulations you believe should be rolled back, and "Like" and "Share" if you support this effort to get to work cutting the red tape.
Just stopped by downtown Aiken to listen to small business owners talk about the economy and checked out the selection of firearms at TrueValue Hardware.
On a walking tour of Greenwood talking small business with Bill Wilson of Thayers and Mayor Welborn Adams.
ClaytonCo. town meeting- 56 ppl in Elkader. Qs abt Sequester,Energy,Earmarks,Budget,LineItemVeto,Immigr,Guns,GMOs,Benghazi,Vets,Obamacare
Allamakee Co. TownMtg.-92 ppl in Waukon. Asked about Obamacare,Veterans,Guns,GMOs,ForeignAid,SSNotch, Fast&Furious, NKorea,Sat Mail delivery
Winneshiek Co mtg-Decorah 114ppl.  Asked abt Debt,Israel,FarmBill,Obamacare,Taxes,Immigration,Judges,Drones,Guns,budget,Benghazi
Crestwood HS/Cresco 340 students 9-12.Sequester,SOPA,Cybersecurity,GayMarriage,Marijuana,Guns,SocSec,GMOs,PlannedParenthood,GasPrices
This AM started constituent mtgs in 30 cos. during Easter recess. I tweet topics fr mtgs b/c ppl ask what Iowans Ask me
Grassley begins meetings in 30 Iowa communities
This afternoon, I joined United Health Group and their CEO Steve Hemsley for the announcement of 140 new pharmacist technician jobs coming to Oklahoma City.
I had the privilege this morning of talking with and taking questions from 450 students at Guthrie Job Corps. Thanks Priscilla Mayberry, the Job Corps director, for hosting me, and to Guthrie's Mayor Chuck Bertcher for the warm welcome.
I heard a wonderful presentation and had a great talk with the cadets from Greenfield High School Air Force JROTC.  Thank you for having me.
Thank you to the National Association of Manufacturers and AO Smith for presenting me with the NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence. It was great talking with you today!
Thank you to the National Association of Manufacturers and AO Smith for presenting me with the NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence. It was great talking with you today!
Tune into The Jay Weber Show, I will be live with him again in a few minutes!
The Senate Democrats passed a budget early Saturday morning for the first time in four years.  Four democrats voted against this budget that does nothing to reduce deficits or our national debt.  However, it does raise taxes to provide funds for increased spending.  I delivered the weekly Republican response to President Obama's weekly address to explain how we can do better than this budget that barely passed the Senate.
Senator McConnell talks about Obamacare on WDRB TV in Louisville today. Click below to view his Point of View:
Subsistence in Alaska is about more than just food -- it’s cultural, spiritual, and so much more. It’s important to both Native and non-native Alaskans, and I want to involve as many people as possible in a conversation about the its future, so I’m holding public meetings around the state.  The first Subsistence Public Meeting is in Bethel next week:
Happy Seward’s Day Alaska!  What better way to commemorate the purchase of Alaska than with a snow storm?  Drive safe out there- we’ve got blizzard and winter storm warnings through tomorrow:
Yesterday I appeared on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace to discuss the future of the GOP, immigration reform, mandatory minimums, my 13-hour filibuster and much more.   Watch here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj7HFbuGJ5Q
Rubio & Colleagues Urge Inter-American Commission On Human Rights To Investigate Death Of Cuban Activist Oswaldo Payá: http://1.usa.gov/14jKNxj
Feinstein, Rubio To Serve As Administrative Co-Chairs Of The Senate National Security Working Group: http://1.usa.gov/ZnLRIY
NA
Will be on WORD Radio with Bob McLain 106.3 FM in Greenville in 15 minutes! Listen here: http://www.newsradioword.com/Bob-McLain/8427876
Great to see everyone at our Upstate office opening in Greenville!
Really enjoyed meeting the hardworking folks at the Walgreen's distribution center in Anderson County this morning!
On Christian Talk 660 AM from Greenville with Tony Beam now! Listen here: http://www.christiantalk660.com/
Passover begins tonight at sundown. To all in Pennsylvania celebrating, Kris and I wish a peaceful and joy-filled holiday.
Congrats to Penn State wrestling on winning their third title in a row!
La Salle defeats Ole Miss, 76-74. Congratulations and on to the Sweet 16!
Reform at the Jackson VA Hospital is long overdue. Yesterday my op-ed about it ran in the Clarion Ledger. Read here: http://tinyurl.com/cjzdryt
