Senators Alexander and Corker met with students from West High School in Knoxville during today’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a weekly constituent breakfast in Washington, D.C. The students are candidates of the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program, a competitive high school program that offers high standard academic courses [photo courtesy of Senate Photographic Service].
  
 If you’d like to join “Tennessee Tuesday” during your visit to Washington, please visit our website: http://1.usa.gov/1jKp7kd
NA
This afternoon, I spoke about how under #Obamacare, Americans struggle with higher costs, more confusion and less confidence in the Obama Administration. These Obamacare flaws and failures have led to a dramatic loss of confidence by the American people in their government.
Regardless of your religious beliefs, I hope you will join me in calling for the release of Iranian American Pastor Saeed Abedini. The freedom to express religious beliefs and practices is a universal human right. Pastor Saeed is currently incarcerated in a deadly Iranian prison, and our prayer is that he will be freed and allowed to come home to his family.
NA
VIDEO: Cornyn: Obamacare Biggest Case of Consumer Fraud Ever:
36 degrees; light rain = federal government shutdown!
Watch and SHARE: Greta Van Susteren discusses our report on the lawless and abusive implementation of Obamacare.  You can read the report here: http://1.usa.gov/1buTAyn
A moving tribute to the life and legacy of former South African President Nelson Mandela. Here's the program from the #MandelaMemorial.
To literally spend money on nothing is a new height of government waste. Today I introduced the GONE Act to stop the federal government from throwing away hundreds of thousands of hard-earned taxpayer dollars on expired, empty grant accounts. #CutWaste
 http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=80492b5d-1946-48f7-a94b-d3dc9fb8be43
Obama's dream has been a single-payer health care system.
Would like to welcome my grandson, Zachary, to the world. Mom, dad, and big sister are all doing great.
NA
As The Heritage Foundation points out, the President and Senate Majority Leader Reid have failed to prioritize America's national security and the protection of our men and women in uniform. As Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, it is my responsibility to ensure that our brave servicemembers have the training and equipment they require, that our troops are receiving the benefits our country has promised, and to provide for the common defense of America and our allies from global adversaries. If the Senate fails to act, Congress will be giving the President a free pass to manage DOD and our national security however he chooses. Congress must pass the national defense bill.   http://blog.heritage.org/2013/12/09/president-senate-get-serious-providing-common-defense/
It's good to be home. Thank you for the well wishes and special thanks to the stellar team at NW Lake Forest Hospital for their great care.
Successful small business owners often have ownership stakes in several small businesses.  Many more small businesses will be subject to the #Obamacare employer mandate than Americans have been led to believe.  I continue to hear from small business owners that the biggest thing that is preventing them from growing their business is the uncertainty they face from having to comply with the byzantine regulations of Obamacare.
Congrats to the new Kansas Department of Agriculture Secretary Jackie McClaskey. Ensuring the future success of Kansas’ agriculture industry is one of my top priorities in the Senate, and I’m pleased to see such a capable individual tasked with doing the same for our state.
Today at 1:25 p.m. CT I'll join Fox News' Gretchen Carlson to discuss my insistence on holding the Administration accountable regarding the real costs of implementing the Affordable Care Act (ACA) health insurance Exchange.  On October 24, I asked the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) for a specific accounting of the funds spent on the federal Exchange established by Obamacare. Incredibly, six weeks have passed without any answers. The Department must be accountable for its use of taxpayer funds – especially when these funds have and continue to be spent without the consent of the Congress’ appropriations committees. It is extremely important that Americans have a full understanding of the costs associated with implementing the federal Exchange, addressing the technical “glitches” that have plagued the system for months, and the cost effects of the numerous delays relating to the ACA’s implementation.
After losing a long battle with cancer, my friend Charlie Hostetler of Manhattan passed away over the weekend. Charlie was a successful banker and businessman, a former Kansas Board of Regents Member, a former Riley County GOP Chairman, and a generous supporter of Kansas State University and Manhattan philanthropic organizations. Charlie’s wife, Julie, as well as his family and friends are in my thoughts during this difficult time.
The East Coast is dealing with some “winter weather” today and a lot of Washington DC is shut down because folks seem to be scared to come outside.  My office- full of Alaskans who are used to a little snow- is hard at work today and I had a rather nice walk to work this morning.
Jane and I were deeply saddened to learn about the passing of William L. Mallory, Sr. He was a man of humble beginnings who led by example and dedicated his life to public service, most of which was spent in the State House where he was the first African American Majority Floor Leader. He worked to ensure that others in our community could share in the same success he achieved. As patriarch of the Mallory family, William leaves behind that legacy of service and civility from which we can all learn. I always valued his friendship, and our thoughts and prayers are with Fannie and the entire Mallory family as they mourn his loss.
Check out my Cincinnati Enquirer op-ed on my plan to end future government shutdowns and still ensure spending is reduced:
Votes on the Senate Floor forced our Finance Committee Hearing on the nomination of the next IRS Commissioner to be postponed.    When we next convene, I plan to ask President Obama's nominee about the IRS going after political groups, how they expect to cope with the massive work load now forced on them by Obamacare and  press him on the Fair Tax.  What would you ask if you had the opportunity?
The Federal Government is closed over a few inches of snow. The Senate is in session, and I am on my way to a Finance Committee Hearing on the nomination of the next IRS Commissioner. We'll discuss the Fair Tax, Obamacare and keeping the IRS from intimidating political groups.
Senator Rubio Opposes House-Senate Budget Deal: http://1.usa.gov/1cnvbbI
Sen. Sessions commented on Alabama’s proposal to build the Boeing 777x jetliner in Huntsville:  “I am pleased to hear that Governor Bentley has submitted Alabama’s proposal to build the Boeing 777x jetliner in Huntsville. Huntsville has an exceptional workforce and is rightfully on Boeing’s short list of destinations. The Huntsville region is already a leader in our nation’s defense and has the capable engineers, analysts, and production workers necessary to be a world renowned center for aerospace aviation. Boeing has a solid foundation and established partnership in Huntsville and I am proud of the hard work by state and local officials to push for the 777x facility which will reportedly add 8,500 jobs and serve as an important pillar of the economy in north Alabama.”
http://youtu.be/EICjJpNUQj0
