Today, Senator Alexander presented Maryville Daily Times editorial page editor Dean Stone with a statement he placed in the Congressional Record recognizing Dean’s importance to Blount County and in honor of his 90th birthday. Dean gave Sen. Alexander his first real job as school page editor for Maryville High.
Yesterday, Senator Ayotte welcomed the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs, Major General (Retired) Richard Wightman, Jr., to Manchester for a briefing on the New Hampshire National Guard's Care Coordination Program (CCP).  During his visit, Secretary Wightman praised New Hampshire's CCP as the best in the nation and discussed several New Hampshire "best practices" that can be modeled in other states. Read more: http://www.unionleader.com/article/20140921/NEWS06/140929843/0/SEARCH
Today, the Department of Veterans Affairs announced the publication of final regulations that will implement the “Honoring America's Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012.”  This law will provide care for both Camp Lejeune veterans and family members who were affected by the toxic contamination at the base between the 1950s and 1980s.   I am proud of the progress that has been announced today and I fully expect VA will now move swiftly to implement all the regulations and extend a helping hand to the victims of this tragic episode in our nation’s history.
This is an important investment for Faulkner County as it continues to rebuild and recover from April's  devestating storms. 
NA
Cornyn Calls for New Authorization of Force Following Airstrikes in Syria:
Enjoyed meeting with TSU Pres. Rudley. The 4-0 Tigers play Alabama State this Saturday.  Go Tigers!
Senator Corker made the following statement regarding military strikes carried out by the U.S. and a coalition of Arab nations against ISIS in Syria: “I'm encouraged by the participation of our Arab allies in this operation and hope this is the first step in building a lasting regional coalition committed to confronting ISIS,” said Corker. 1.usa.gov/1vdbzC7 
Israel hunts down the terrorist murderers of three innocent teens -- including Israeli-American Naftali Fraenkel.
While Amir Hekmati has been wrongfully imprisoned in Iran, his father's health has failed. #FreeAmir now so Amir can see him!
When travelling around Wyoming I hear a recurring question from constituents: When is Congress going to do something to help those without a job get back on their feet? I actually have some good news for folks. The Senate passed a jobs bill that I had worked on for over a decade, 95 to 3. It was signed into law this summer. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act is a very bipartisan and important bill that will help fill the hundreds of thousands of good jobs that are still open across the country because of a lack of folks with the skill set needed to perform those jobs. Learn more here: 
Recently I received the Champion of the Worker award. Given by the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the award honors those with a pro-worker voting record on key employment and workforce issues during this Congress. Just like CEI, I work hard to give workers and business what they really need to succeed - the freedom to innovate.
Will join News-Talk 92.3 KTAR's The Bruce St. James Show at 10:14 am PT to discuss US airstrikes in #Syria. Listen live online at player.liquidcompass.net/KTARFM 
I commend President Obama for ordering last night's air strikes against ISIS and the Khorasan Group in Syria, and the U.S. military for the skill and courage with which it carried out this operation.   I especially salute our Arab partners for their historic and valuable involvement in our coalition effort. However, last night’s air strikes should be just an opening salvo against ISIS in Syria.   This will be a long, difficult campaign, and as ISIS regroups and adapts, we and our partners will ultimately need a limited presence of troops on the ground—not to invade and occupy Syria or Iraq, but to advise local forces, direct air strikes, gather intelligence, and conduct special forces operations, among other related missions.
Check out Chuck Offenburger’s column on Offenburger.com about the relationship between Senator Grassley and Senator Harkin. 
Today is National Voter Registration Day. Iowans can find more information about voter registration here: https://sos.iowa.gov/elections/voterinformation/voterregistration.html. Senator Grassley encourages Iowans to register.
Today, President Obama attended the U.N. Climate Change Summit in New York, a meeting that Russia, India, China, Germany, and Australia all chose not to attend. What does the President think he can accomplish with potentially bypassing Congress and subjecting the U.S. to an international agreement to reduce US greenhouse gas emissions that other major players aren’t agreeing to? In the letter, I asked the President to explain how it will be possible for the U.S. economy to grow and expand in opportunities if it is crippled by environmental mandates that strengthen the competitiveness of other countries. You can read the letter here. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/download/?id=03368920-d8e5-4c3b-8961-287398197d9b&download=1
I first want to take a moment to thank the brave men and women of our armed forces who executed their missions in Syria with great skill and courage.  Our nation owes them a debt of gratitude for their continued willingness to answer the call in defense of our national security. As for the President's actions in Syria, while limited airstrikes is a good first step, the President still has not presented to the American people his long-term objectives or vision for what success looks like in Syria, and so it’s not clear how his short-term tactic to “simultaneously pressure ISIL” fits into a larger strategy that can succeed.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-airstrikes-in-syria
Sen. Johnson attended a Global Counterterrorism Forum today, led by Secretary Kerry, while in New York City for the 69th annual United Nations General Assembly.
This is an op-ed that I wrote with Senator Marco Rubio that was published in the The Wall Street Journal today.  Perhaps no function of the U.S. government is more antiquated and dysfunctional than its tax system, so we are joining together to propose a federal tax-reform plan that will remove obstacles to investment, innovation, growth and opportunity.  The current tax code taxes too much, taxes unfairly, and conspires with our outmoded welfare system to trap poor families in poverty, rather than facilitate their climb into the middle class. Our reforms seek to simplify the structure and lower rates. How? By consolidating the many existing income tax brackets into two simple brackets—15% and 35%—and eliminating or reforming deductions, especially those that disproportionately benefit the privileged few at everyone else's expense.  In addition, our plan would eliminate the well-known marriage penalty, which imposes higher taxes on married couples than if they had filed individually. It would also take aim at another pernicious distortion—the parent tax penalty—that is more prevalent, if less understood, even by its victims.
"I want to congratulate Kentucky's Agriculture Commissioner James Comer and the University of Kentucky for today's harvest of the hemp crop from its pilot program. I was proud to include the measure in the Farm Bill that gave Commissioner Comer the go ahead to cultivate hemp for pilot programs, while maintaining my long-standing support for Kentucky's law enforcement's aggressive efforts at marijuana interdiction. I have heard from many Kentuckians who see this as a first step towards re-establishing this commodity and market for Kentucky, one that may create jobs in the future,” said Senator McConnell.
This morning, I toured Nemaha Valley Community Hospital & Seneca Family Practice in Seneca. As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee—which has jurisdiction over funding for most federal agencies that impact hospitals and other health care providers—it was helpful to visit with CEO Stan Regehr about Medicare reimbursement rates and regulations, recruitment of health care professionals to rural Kansas, and the impact the Affordable Care Act has on hospital operations. Here, I'm pictured with Nurse Practitioner Lori Lueger and Nurses Janet Stallbaumer, Nichole Kock and Julie Rottinghaus.
I have a number of Kansas Listening Tour stops coming up in the next couple weeks. I encourage you to check my website to see when I'll be in a county near you.
I know my Ice Bucket Challenge in August got a lot of Alaskans talking, but my jump had ripple effects all the way to Alabama! I got the cutest letter from a schoolgirl named Kayla, and I just had to share.
Voting---it’s our right and duty as U.S. citizens to be part of the democratic process.  With today being National Voter Registration Day, I urge all eligible Alaskans to register to vote if you haven’t already done so.
I'm going on Channel 11’s Daybreak around 6:40 a.m. to give them a D.C. update! Make sure to tune in if you can.
U.S. targeted airstrikes are an important step toward our ultimate goal of degrading and defeating the terrorist group known as ISIS. I've been calling on the President to take action and now that the U.S. is moving forward with a military plan, it’s crucial that we have the resolve to see it through to the end. Our brave servicemen and women are in our thoughts and prayers as they carry out the U.S. mission to defeat ISIS.
ICYMI: Rubio, Lee Discuss New Pro-Growth Tax Reform Proposals
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses U.S. Airstrikes Against ISIL On CNN 
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses U.S. Airstrikes Against ISIL On FOX News 
ICYMI: Rubio, Lee: A Pro-Family, Pro-Growth Tax Reform: http://on.wsj.com/XQvw6l  Rubio, Lee: "Perhaps no function of the U.S. government is more antiquated and dysfunctional than its tax system, so we are joining together to propose a federal tax-reform plan that will remove obstacles to investment, innovation, growth and opportunity."
Rubio Comments On U.S. Airstrikes Against ISIL In Syria: http://1.usa.gov/1x5ZYbP  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the United States’ airstrikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) terrorist group in Syria:   “I support the President’s actions to target ISIL’s facilities in Syria. I have argued for months that President Obama has the authority to confront this threat to the United States wherever they seek refuge. Defeating this menace to all who value freedom and tolerance will not be easy, but is essential to our security. My thoughts and prayers are with our men and women in uniform carrying out their duties as part of ongoing operations in Iraq and Syria.” 
NA
Yesterday I visited the First Troop Philadelphia City Calvary Armory to discuss my efforts to restore federal employment and job training services for America’s veterans. My colleague Senator Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.) and I introduced the “Protect VETS Act” to ensure that veterans continue to have access to specialized job assistance coaches. These coaches work with businesses to develop job opportunities for veterans, and they help veterans find work. Thank you to those who joined me yesterday! http://1.usa.gov/1pbNIyG
Congratulations to Mihir Garimella from Fox Chapel Area High School on winning Google Science Fair's 13-14 age group for his project on fruit flies - way to go! Check out Mihir's incredible achievement here: https://www.googlesciencefair.com/en/
