TUNE-IN: Senator Alexander will be speaking on the Senate floor at approximately 4:00 p.m. ET on his efforts to stop the administration from over-regulating the legal ivory trade. These regulations would prevent products legally containing ivory, such as firearms, musical instruments, and family heirlooms, from being bought or sold across state lines and put them at risk of being taken away from the government. Watch his floor speech live here: http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
It’s past time for Senate Democrats to allow for open debate and votes on bipartisan bills.
If you missed the Finance Subcommittee hearing on the #ABLEact, you can watch my opening statement below or read it here: http://1.usa.gov/1x1xf3x #passtheABLEact
Washington Times has an article about today’s Senate Finance Committee hearing on the #ABLEact. #passtheABLEact
Exciting news for Fort Smith was just unveiled in DC. Here's how the new US Marshal Service commemorative coin that will help fund the Marshals Museum is going to look.
NA
At 7:10 am MT (9:10 am ET) I’ll be on Fox News “America’s Newsroom” with Bill Hemmer to discuss yesterday’s Obamacare court rulings.
Despite what the final scoreboard said, great night of Hoosier softball with Senator Donnelly and staff.
NA
NA
NA
NA
Op-Ed: In March, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued a proposed rule revising the definition of “waters of the United States” under the federal Clean Water Act.  If made final, the EPA’s action would significantly expand federal authority, allowing the agency to regulate nearly every stream, ditch, pond, puddle and other local water bodies.  This move threatens the nation’s economy by placing onerous burdens on farming operations and small businesses.  It also would encroach on private landowner’s ability to utilize their property.  Most importantly, this proposed action undermines states’ constitutional sovereignty regarding jurisdiction over water.  Learn more here:http://goo.gl/oKmZR5 #idpol
It's a false choice to pit the environment versus the economy because "in a state like Maine, the environment is the economy."
Cornyn: Administration, Senate Democrats Agree 2008 Law Must Be Changed. So What’s The Holdup?
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 45 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Photo courtesy of Volkswagen.
I will hold all State Department nominees until the Obama Administration answers questions about its unprecedented decision to cancel flights to Israel.
New Politico cartoon hits President Obama for his indifference to the rule of law.
Aiding Hamas while simultaneously isolating Israel does two things.  One, it helps our enemy.  Two, it hurts our ally.  The facts suggest that President Obama has just used a federal regulatory agency to launch an economic boycott on Israel, in order to try to force our ally to comply with his foreign-policy demands.
We should be empowering the free speech of the citizenry, not empowering Congress to prohibit it. #DontRepeal1A 
Yesterday’s ruling highlights the brazen lawlessness of President Obama with Obamacare. #FullRepeal #MakeDCListen
Many states, including Wyoming, worry that federal agencies withhold the data and science they use during the Endangered Species Act (ESA) listing process. To address this concern, I joined efforts by Senator John Cornyn and others to require this data to be published online for listing or delisting federally endangered and threatened species. I recently introduced similar legislation that would require all data and science be disclosed to the states before any ESA decision can be made and that the best scientific data used includes data provided by the affected states. It’s past time this “most transparent Administration in history” be held accountable with real transparency.
Many families are very familiar with the challenge of saving for the future well-being and needs of their children. A family with a disabled individual faces even more unique emotional and financial obstacles. Today I spoke in favor of the ABLE Act, which would allow those with disabilities and their families to open tax-exempt accounts so that they can plan how to best use their own funds to cover their living expenses. This legislation would be an important step in helping disabled individuals support themselves, pursue their dreams, and put themselves in a place of greater financial security. 
Taxpayers only take on more water when Congress bails out unnecessary spending like this #primecuts
Live near Bullhead City and have any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at Bullhead City Senior Nutrition Center  TOMORROW from 2:30 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
Live near Wickenburg and have any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at Wickenburg City Hall TOMORROW from 8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.
The threats posed by Hamas rockets and tunnels whose only purpose is to kill and kidnap Israelis are intolerable, and Israel must be allowed to take any actions necessary to remove those threats.  Any effort to broker a ceasefire agreement that does not eliminate those threats cannot be sustained in the long run and will leave Israel vulnerable to future attacks.  Israeli citizens have faced over 1800 rocket launches from Hamas since June.  While Iron Dome has saved countless lives, over five million Israelis live in fear of incoming rockets fired indiscriminately from Gaza.  Twenty-eight tunnels have been discovered by the IDF since the ground operation in Gaza began.    Israel has an absolute right to defend its citizens and ensure the survival of the State of Israel.
“Small businesses are the engine of our economic growth. We need to make the right kind of investments that create a pro-growth environment for our small business. Programs like the minority business center at UTTC provide our entrepreneurs with access to important services, like training and technical assistance, to establish, grow and sustain their businesses.”
“North Dakota’s volunteer firefighters play a vital role ensuring the safety and well-being of our communities. The grant awarded to the Park River Volunteer Fire Department will help ensure the community’s volunteer force is well-trained and equipped to complete their work efficiently and safely.”
“We all want our children to be healthy and to have nutritious meals. As we work to reauthorize our nutrition programs, we need to make sure we provide enough flexibility for our schools to meet the requirements. A one-size-fits-all approach to school nutrition rules ignores the challenges our schools face to acquire foods that not only meet these requirements, but that students will eat.”
“Our men and women at Minot Air Force Base do a tremendous job defending our nation, and I remain committed to working to ensure that the base’s servicemembers and civilian workforce have all the tools, equipment and support they need while the base is in this important growth mode. Today’s meeting with the base’s new leaders offered a good opportunity to address some of the challenges impacting Minot Air Force Base, and I am committed to working to make sure we secure the resources needed to support the base’s missions, both today and in the future, by modernizing missions and providing for the personnel needed to operate the base.”
“We’ve been working hard to ensure that North Dakotans and all Americans have access to adequate health care services, regardless of their background or zip code. An important part of that is developing our health care workforce and training service providers who share and understand our residents’ heritage, providing culturally competent service. The stipend and scholarships that will come from this grant will prove beneficial to a number of talented NDSU students, enabling them to advance their studies and, in turn, give back to our communities that benefit from well-educated, skilled healthcare professionals.”
Had productive meeting today with Minot Air Force Base leaders about ongoing priorities for base's missions.
“We appreciate that DOT has issued its proposal for rail tank cars today that appears to be comprehensive and deals with prevention, mitigation and response. We will continue to review these proposed standards to ensure they are workable and will keep our communities safe. For over two years we’ve been pressing DOT to update and expedite standards for rail cars and we will continue working to bring together all relevant stakeholders to ensure we have common sense and comprehensive rail safety standards.”
Yesterday I had the great honor of speaking at the Christians United for Israel Summit. I shared my concerns for President Obama’s decision to continue giving Iran’s economy billions of dollars by easing sanctions. Not only does our intelligence tell us that Iran is in pursuit of a nuclear weapon and means to launch it by next year, but we also know Iran is funding Hamas. The turbulent times we face serve as a reminder why the United States and Israel must continue to work together to maintain a strong missile defense system. The same enemies that threaten the existence of Israel also want to destroy America. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-speaks-at-the-christians-united-for-israel-summit
Tune in live to the EPW Hearing where we are currently questioning EPA Adm. Gina McCarthy on newly proposed EPW regulation for existing power plants. In the opening statement, I expressed my three main concerns with the rule:   1. This rule will cause electricity prices to go up. We know this from EPA’s own logic. 2. This rule will end with the United States looking like Germany, where the poor and the business community alike are reeling under high electricity prices, which are three times higher than they are here. 3. We know that this rule will have essentially no impact on global temperatures, which is very important because that is ultimately what this rule is supposed to do.   I’ll be asking Adm. McCarthy a few questions soon. You can tune in live here: http://www.epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Hearings.LiveStream
If you fought for freedom around the world, you should be able to move freely around the world. That's why I support #CRPD.  More photos: http://instagram.com/p/qzFktdMqDy/
The Highway Trust Fund in a nutshell: states send money to Washington DC, Washington takes its share (see graph which shows how much states get back from the Highway Trust Fund), then Washington sends money back to states with strings attached.  The Senate will vote on my Transportation Empowerment Act as an amendment to the bill to reauthorize the Highway Trust Fund.  My proposal will reduce the federal gas tax and give the states more power to fund, build and maintain roads.    The goal of this legislation is to increase America’s investment in infrastructure, by putting decisions in the hands of communities with the most to gain from better roads, highways, and transit, and by cutting out Washington’s middlemen. Under the current system, the federal Davis-Bacon Act adds an estimated 10% to the costs of federal construction projects, at a price of more than $10 billion per year. Federal environmental reviews are estimated to add an additional 8-10% to the cost and up to 8 years to the approval time for projects. My amendment will allow transportation dollars to be spent on steel and concrete, not bureaucrats and special interests, so Americans can get more roads and bridges for their buck.
Good news!  Senator Reid just announced that the Senate will vote on the Transportation Empowerment Act as 1 of 4 amendments to the Highway Trust Fund reauthorization bill: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=the-transportation-empowerment-act
I'm concerned that FEMA uses flawed data and science to determine whether a property is at flood risk, forcing property owners to spend their own money to get FEMA to fix their (costly) mistake when they should have just gotten it right in the first place.  Today I spoke with the FEMA Administrator about ways we can get better data and protect homeowners from costly flood insurance rate hikes.
Way to go Alaska, more than ever a worldwide tourist draw! Last year we had a record-breaking number of tourists visit our amazing state.
I just met the Wilcoxes from Sitka, and they are incredible! Not only are they on-board in the fight against Frankenfish, but the father/son duo of Brett and David just ran 3,000 miles across the country to promote a sustainable, GMO-free food system. Can you believe they averaged 20 miles a day?
via USA TODAY
At today's Rules Committee Hearing, I defended the First Amendment against those that want to limit the speech of their critics.
Rubio, Colleagues Seek Congressional Review Of Any Final Iran Nuclear Agreement: http://1.usa.gov/WFEnb2  …   “Any final agreement of a matter of this consequence should be reviewed by this body, should come before Congress, and should have the ability of Congress to provide oversight over it. And the absence of that, I believe, unfortunately, leaves us vulnerable – not just to a terrible deal –  but to a dangerous one that could potentially endanger the future of our allies and even of our own country.”     ...     “So the Iranians in this whole negotiation view themselves as being in a position of strength. To be quite frank, they believe that our president wants this deal more than they do. They believe he wants this deal more than they do. And that's what puts them in this tremendous position of strength. And the result is that these negotiations are not going to, in my view – I hope that I'm wrong, I hope that tomorrow we open up and read, you know what? They've changed their mind. They don't want to do any more terrorism, no rockets and no nuclear weapon program and they've become just a normal government and a normal country.   “Don't hold your hopes out for that because that is not what they've shown in the past, that is not what they're doing now, and they are negotiating from a position of strength because they believe that the president wants a deal much more than they want or need a deal.” 
Senator Rubio Delivers Address On Values At Catholic University: http://1.usa.gov/1jVK66Z  Rubio: “A strong America is not possible without strong Americans – a people formed by the values necessary for success, the values of education and hard work, strong marriages and empowered parents. These are values that made us the greatest nation ever, and these are the values that will lead us to a future even better than our past.”
NBC Tampa: Senator Rubio Works To Keep A Family-Owned, Tampa Cigar Company In Business 
Senator Rubio previewed today's values speech with WFLA Tallahassee earlier this morning
It was great to meet Darsey Norton in my office today. This bright 2014 graduate of The Donoho School is in Washington to attend the National Teenage Republicans Leadership Conference.
Currently talking with folks across South Carolina in a telephone town hall to hear their thoughts on education.  Thank you to all who are participating!
July 23, 2014 Had a great crowd at Palmetto Wednesday today--always a pleasure to see South Carolinians while I have to be in Washington
With people like Taylor Swift, Bradley Cooper and Will Smith, it's an easy sell.
Horrible: Since Jan. 1 this year, 275 teachers have been arrested for sexual misconduct with a child. Parents deserve to know their children will be safe at school. The Senate needs to pass my bill.
Glad to spearhead bipartisan Senate resolution  honoring Coach Noll with @Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/11248879/pittsburgh-steelers-wear-chuck-noll-initials-helmets  
The #MDCareAct is responsible for fueling research that has helped add an average of 10 years to the lives of those with Duchenne. This is just one example of how vital this legislation is to saving lives and improving treatments for those with muscular dystrophy.
The President is determined to wage an all-out war on coal – launching costly regulations that would have little effect on changing the climate. 
American workers need to be supplied with more effective means to find job training and support.  Removing bureaucratic hurdles for job seekers is one step toward a lasting economic recovery. This law will help thousands of Mississippians get the backing they need when looking for employment
