Today at “Tennessee Tuesday,” a weekly breakfast Senators Alexander and Corker host for Tennesseans visiting Washington, D.C., Sen. Alexander said, “I’m introducing a bill to delay the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to stop fishing below the dams on the Cumberland River. The Corps is saying for the first time that you can’t fish right below the dams in what’s called the ‘tailwaters,’ and if any of you are anglers, you know that’s where you catch the big fish."[Photo courtesy of Senate Photographic Services]
With members of the New Hampshire Credit Union League on Capitol Hill this morning
On Monday, Senator Ayotte delivered the traditional reading of George Washington’s Farewell Address -- a bipartisan tradition begun in the 1800s in honor of Washington's birthday.
Congrats to Paul Moore, founder of MooreMart, on this well-deserved recognition!
This afternoon, I voted against Chuck Hagel's nomination to serve as Secretary of Defense.  The vote tally will be posted here: http://1.usa.gov/YW7JLW
Students from Carrboro High School visit DC while learning about global poverty.
NA
Sec. Kerry, it's time to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. Read our letter here.
If you missed my interview with Steve Barnes on Arkansas Week last Friday, AETN has the entire episode on its website available to stream. You can watch our discussion on sequestration, the federal budget, tax policy, entitlement reform, Second Amendment rights, Senator Hagel's nomination for Defense Secretary and immigration reform.
We had a good discussion about the farm bill and other ag issues with the Council for Agriculture, Research, Extension and Teaching this morning.
I just voted against Chuck Hagel for Defense Secretary. I'm concerned by his views on policies related to Iran, Iraq, Israel and America's nuclear defense.
I'm about to join Thomas Roberts on MSNBC at 11:30 am (ET) 9:30 am (MT) to talk about why I don’t think Chuck Hagel is the right choice for Secretary of Defense.
I'm looking forward to joining Greta Van Susteren on FOX News tonight at about 10:05 pm (ET) 8:05 pm (MT) to talk about sequestration.
NA
PHOTO: Senator Jim Risch and I had the opportunity to view the document (Idaho Act) signed by President Abraham Lincoln, 150 years ago, making Idaho a territory.
PHOTO: Enjoyed speaking this morning to the Nuclear Energy Institute's Long-term Nuclear Plant Operation/Subsequent License Renewal Forum.
Friendswood Journal: Cornyn Urges Kerry to Approve Keystone XL:
PHOTO: Putting the Sequester in Perspective - What Does it Mean to Cut 2.4%?
Cornyn on Hagel: ‘Clearly the Wrong Man for the Job:’
Cornyn Votes Against Lew for Treasury Secretary:
PHOTO: Great having coffee with Ted Cruz and fellow Texans today:
In a Wall Street Journal op-ed today, Senators Bob Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, and Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, urge the president to honor his commitment to modernize U.S. nuclear weapons, warning against any attempt to “circumvent Congress” by pursuing further reductions “unilaterally.”  “President Obama has repeatedly identified nuclear proliferation and nuclear terrorism as key dangers to the United States and its allies. His analysis is correct, but that cannot be said about the centerpiece of his response: declaring America's commitment to eliminate its own nuclear weapons on the way to a world of ‘nuclear zero.’ Meanwhile, he has neglected to modernize the weapons that are essential to American security,” wrote Corker and Inhofe.  “The president has a choice: running into a likely stalemate on nuclear disarmament or working with Congress on practical and realistic steps to stop nuclear proliferation and improve nuclear security.”  Read more: http://on.wsj.com/YVbX7B
Conservative states, by promoting policies like lower taxes that encourage enterprise and entrepreneurship, are leading the nation in population, job, and economic growth.   Washington could learn a thing or two from their successful model.
Today the Senate voted 71-27 to move forward with the nomination of Chuck Hagel to be Secretary of Defense. I had to vote against it. President Obama has the right to nominate whoever he pleases, but I can’t in good conscience vote for anyone I’m not sure is qualified and who can’t or won’t answer important questions.
Worst First!  The president is dramatizing and overplaying the effects of sequestration in order to create as much public outcry as possible.  This makes it harder for Congress to leave cuts in place.  The sequester was proposed by the Administration.  We absolutely need to make cuts in spending, but there is a better way than sequestration.  It would be more productive if, like Wyoming Governor Mead did with his departments, the president asked the heads of his agencies to list what they do well and what they don’t.  Then they should start at the bottom rather than at the top.  We need to get rid of the worst first.  That is what I will be working on in the Senate.  Real cuts must be made in order to save essential programs.
Here’s an interesting perspective on the sequester (federal spending cuts).
I voted against confirming Senator Hagel as Secretary of Defense today. His confirmation process raised more questions than it answered.    Of particular concern is Senator Hagel’s decision to lend his name to the “Global Zero” commission report, which advocates for drastic reductions to the U.S. nuclear arsenal, even if such reductions are made unilaterally. Unilateral reductions would jeopardize U.S. national security and call into question the reliability of the U.S. nuclear deterrent, which many of our allies rely upon.
Today, I sent a letter to Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack requesting more information about USDA’s plans to furlough meat and poultry inspectors as a result of budget cuts required by the so-called “sequester.” Nebraskans understand we must cut out-of-control government spending, but USDA should find ways to implement these cuts without compromising the safety and health of consumers and the supply of meat and poultry products for Americans.
 
 http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=ebc40e43-7da0-4379-bb05-bdf25cd889a7
I opposed the nomination of Chuck Hagel to serve as our next Secretary of Defense.  The position of Secretary of Defense is one of the most important jobs in our government. There were other, more capable choices available and I regret President Obama did not choose one of them.    Having said this, I do believe it is the President’s prerogative to pick his Cabinet and I will work with Senator Hagel to ensure our defense at home and security around the globe is not diminished.    I’m disappointed not one Democrat stepped forward to express concerns about Senator Hagel’s views on Israel and Iran.  I believe from his past actions, he has shown antagonism toward the State of Israel. In these dangerous times, his nomination sends the worst possible signal to our enemies in Iran.    I continue to have serious questions about whether Chuck Hagel is up to the job of being our Secretary of Defense. I hope, for the sake of our own national security, he exceeds expectations.
will be receiving the Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life this morning at 10 am.    The Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life was created to annually recognize two political figures, one liberal and one conservative, who argue passionately but with civility for their beliefs.
Grassley comments on Hagel nomination
Tune in at 5:10 pm CT to Fox Business to see Senator Grassley and Gerri Willis discuss U.S. Treasury nominee Lew and oversight of Fisker.
Grassley Questions Meat Inspector Cuts Due to Sequestration
Lew, Treasury Nominee, Got Exit Bonus From N.Y.U.
Grassley Opposes Treasury, HHS Nominees in Committee
Grassley:  West Point Appoints Students from Dubuque, Davenport, Cedar Rapids, Coon Rapids
Even after sitting down with Senator Hagel in recent weeks, I still have concerns about his nomination to be Secretary of Defense. While I have great respect for Senator Hagel’s brave service in the Armed Forces, his statements and record on Middle East policy are particularly troubling.  It is in the United States’ best interest to stand firm as a friend to Israel and never waver in our opposition to the dangerous behavior of the current Iranian regime. Any nominee as Secretary of Defense must send a clear message to both Israel and Iran that these policies will continue, and unfortunately, Senator Hagel does not fit this criterion. http://1.usa.gov/YW5wA8
ICYMI: Today I questioned Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke about economic recovery.
Organized a bipartisan group of 20 Senators to call on newly confirmed Secretary of State John Kerry to approve the Keystone XL pipeline.
I will be on Special Report with Bret Baier tonight at 6 p.m. EST with my colleague Sen. Toomey to discuss the latest on sequestration.
NA
While I have serious concerns about the administration’s plan to increase spending and raise taxes even higher, Jack Lew is a smart, capable and dedicated public servant who will faithfully execute the office of Secretary of the Treasury.
Yesterday, I met with my colleague Senator Carl Levin to discuss ways to work together to protect our Great Lakes.   Senator Levin and I are co-chairs of the Great Lakes Task Force in the Senate.
NA
I enjoyed participating in a discussion on public lands last weekend with Chad Booth, Kane County Commissioner Heaton, and Representative Ken Ivory.  I have found that there is a widespread ignorance within Congress that the federal government owns 30% of the land in this country and almost 2/3s of the land in the state of Utah.  They don't understand how this massive amount of federal land makes it difficult to fund local government and school districts while also causing substantial economic harm.
The Obama Sequester! Please watch and share the following video with your friends.
Every single working American had to figure out how to make ends meet with 2 percent less in their paychecks last month when the payroll tax holiday expired. Are you telling me Washington can’t do the same? It’s absurd.
And now, here we are, with the President presenting the country with two options: Armageddon or a tax hike. Well, it’s a false choice, and he knows it.
Look: the choice we face isn’t between the sequester and tax hikes. Remember, we’re only talking about cutting 2 to 3 percent of the budget. Any business owner or middle-class parent will tell you it’s completely ridiculous to think Washington can’t find a better way to cut 2 to 3 percent of the federal budget at a time when we’re $16 trillion in debt.   Every single working American had to figure out how to make ends meet with 2 percent less in their paychecks last month when the payroll tax holiday expired. Are you telling me Washington can’t do the same? It’s absurd.  There’s no reason in the world these cuts need to fall on essential services or emergency responders. After all, even with the sequester, Washington will be spending more than when President Obama got here. We’re only talking about cutting a tenth of what the President spent on the stimulus bill.   Enough.
McConnell: 'We reached an agreement to cut $2.1 trillion in government spending over 10 years, and we intend to keep our word. Should these cuts be implemented in a smarter way? Absolutely. But the President and his cabinet secretaries had a year and a half to think about that. They can’t just show up now at the last minute and expect the American people to bail them out of their own lack of responsibility. We can either secure those reductions more intelligently, or we can do it the President’s way with across-the board cuts. But one thing Americans simply will not accept is another tax increase to replace spending reductions we already agreed to.’ Click the link below to view Sen. McConnell's speech on the sequester.
McConnell on sequester: “For more than a year, he resisted and dismissed every Republican attempt at a compromise. He refused to offer any kind of reasonable alternative, and he even threatened to veto other proposals aimed at averting the sequester. And now, here we are, with the President presenting the country with two options: Armageddon or a tax hike.   “Well, it’s a false choice, and he knows it. But then, the President’s a master at creating the impression of chaos as an excuse for government action. Do nothing. Fan the flames of catastrophe. Then claim the only way out is more government, in the form of higher taxes.   “Look: the choice we face isn’t between the sequester and tax hikes. Remember, we’re only talking about cutting 2 to 3 percent of the budget. Any business owner or middle-class parent will tell you it’s completely ridiculous to think Washington can’t find a better way to cut 2 to 3 percent of the federal budget at a time when we’re $16 trillion in debt.   “Every single working American had to figure out how to make ends meet with 2 percent less in their paychecks last month when the payroll tax holiday expired. Are you telling me Washington can’t do the same? It’s absurd.
If you’re an undergraduate or graduate student interested in public service and government, I hope you’ll consider applying for a summer internship in my Washington, D.C., office. The application deadline is this week, Friday, March 1.  Watch this video to learn about former interns’ experiences.
I just voted against Chuck Hagel to be our next Secretary of Defense, and I want you all to know why:  “While I greatly respect Chuck Hagel’s public service, his military career and Vietnam experience do not automatically translate to leading the Pentagon – especially as it faces 21st Century conflicts and challenges.   “Twelve days ago, I agreed to proceed to a final vote on Senator Hagel because it has been my general rule that Cabinet nominees deserve an ‘up or down’ vote, regardless of whether we have a Republican or Democrat in the White House.  I took full advantage of the work week back home to discuss his nomination with Alaskans, and Alaskans reiterated they share the deep concerns I have outlined.   “When Chuck Hagel was put to the test by the Senate Armed Services Committee, he hedged and equivocated when asked about one of the greatest threats to America and our allies in the Middle East: Iran – their nuclear efforts, whether to impose sanctions and whether the United States should consider governments that do not share our peaceful goals as equals at the bargaining table.   “Senator Hagel knew that these questions – along with those on terrorism and modern warfare – were going to be a focal point and he did not satisfy my concerns and the concerns of many Alaskans. Because of my strong reservations surrounding his first real test, I cannot support his nomination to lead the Department of Defense into a new era of evolving and emerging threats.”
The federal government needs to streamline and rethink our programs to get our fiscal house in order- and a good place to start is with our energy efficiency programs.  I testified before a House of Representatives Subcommittee this morning & called on the Government Accounting Office to review the efficiency programs at the Department of Energy to make sure they’re not redundant or ineffective.
Alaska’s veterans have amazing stories to tell.  Bud Fate’s life story is woven into the tapestry of Alaskan history.  He was one of the first people to strike oil on the North Slope, helped map the ALCAN Highway and he served the Interior as a State Representative in Juneau.  This month I am honoring him with my Veteran Spotlight project:
Last night I appeared on Fox News' Hannity Show to discuss the sequester.  Click below to watch my entire interview.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czx-KZHcOZQ
Spending cuts can be made without jeopardizing public safety or scaring consumers.
Today I voted against the confirmation of Jack Lew, the President’s nominee for Treasury Secretary. Mr. Lew’s failure to answer the most basic questions about his investments in offshore accounts or his tenure on Wall Street was deeply disturbing.  Most startling to Kansans, however, was Mr. Lew’s inability to explain this Administration’s hypocrisy with regard to general aviation.   As our economy continues to struggle, the top post at Treasury is immensely important and with regret, I don’t believe Mr. Lew is the best fit for this post. Full Statement: http://goo.gl/rfknR  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWaL5EKf-7I&feature=youtu.be
I'll be on Special Report with Bret Baier tonight at 6 p.m. to discuss the latest on sequestration. Hope you can tune in.
I questioned witnesses at a Senate budget hearing on the sequester today. We should give the president flexibility on where to enact these spending cuts.
