ICYMI: Op-ed by Sen. Alexander and Rep. Phil Roe on legislation they introduced to address Pres. Obama’s unconstitutional National Labor Relations Board nominations: “By making unconstitutional appointments to the NLRB, President Obama has invited legal challenges to each of the invalid board's decisions…The president should withdraw these two nominations and submit new names for the Senate to consider. Until then, our legislation should be passed into law to provide certainty to the businesses and workers who rely on a functioning NLRB and to protect against the unrestrained tyranny of the executive branch of government." READ MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1c0O9F6
NA
This morning, Sen. Alexander met with Allyssa de Jong, a patient at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital in Memphis, and her mother, Angela de Jong-Angelici, to hear about their experience at the hospital and Allyssa’s ongoing treatment for melanoma.
Our first priority must be securing the border. That's why I was proud to co-sponsor Senator John Cornyn’s RESULTS amendment, which put border security first. Very disappointed the Senate voted to block this important provision.
Today I joined the Concerned Veterans for America breakfast to discuss the VA backlog. As I have said many times before, we cannot wait for the right moment, we need to solve the backlog now. Months or years of waiting is not acceptable -- people’s lives depend on our ability to do our job, so we absolutely must do better. #VAreform #VAbacklog   “Like” if you agree.
This week, the State Department marked the ten-year anniversary of the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR).  Started under the vision and leadership of President George W. Bush, this program is a success story worth celebrating.
NA
This week marks the 50th anniversary of the first National Small Business Week proclamation. Small businesses are the engines of our economy and we need to create policies that help these job creators.
NA
NA
Enjoyed visiting with exchange students, Sophie and Mia, in my Washington, D.C., office.  Both students resided in Idaho during their participation in the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange Program.
The Majority Leader chose to kill Senator John Cornyn’s RESULTS amendment that I am co-sponsoring by moving to table the amendment.  The amendment deserved an up-or-down vote and I am disappointed that the Senate voted to disregard legislation that would have added real border security benchmarks to the immigration bill.  More must be done to ensure our nation’s borders are secure.
News Release: I am co-sponsoring an amendment to the immigration reform bill that would require real border security benchmarks be met.  The comprehensive bill will not gain my support unless border enforcement is completed first.  Before any permanent residential status can be given, the southern border must be secured to prevent an illegal immigration problem from occurring in the future.  The Cornyn amendment should get a vote because Idahoans expect the borders of this country to be secure, and so do I.
New Cornyn Education Bill Aims to Bring Schools to ‘A-PLUS’ Standards:
VIDEO: Cornyn Questions Hoeven-Corker Border Security Amendment:
NRO: "The Senate voted to table an amendment from Senator John Cornyn that would have strengthened the border-security requirements in the immigration-reform bill and created a hard “trigger” that must be met.."
AP on my amendment: "The Senate rejected an attempt by [Sen. Cornyn] to delay legalization until any border security improvements were proven effective rather than merely deployed."
PHOTO: Enjoyed speaking this morning at the National Hispanic Prayer Breakfast:
LIKE to stop the Gang of Eight bill and get serious about securing the border?
Great graphic from the Wall Street Journal. The markets and the economy are hanging on every word from the Fed. 
 
 Maybe that's part of the problem.
Meanwhile the People's House is STILL closed for tours.
Enjoyed visiting with Texas Tech President M. Duane Nellis today. 
 
 Great to discuss how we can promote greater opportunity for the next generation of Texans.
Governor Mead announced today that Wyoming will lead further investigations of water quality for Pavillion. I thank him for his ability to work with both energy companies and the federal government to determine what steps are needed to ensure that the people of Pavillion have clean water. Decisions about water quality should be made at the local level by those directly impacted. I’m also pleased that the EPA finally recognizes Wyoming’s right to manage its water.
Yesterday I shot a video answering some of your questions about the NSA spying and students loans. Thanks Tracy, Clark, Jim, Brett, George, Joanne, and Jeannie for sharing your thoughts and concerns.
While Congress struggles to find common ground on our nation’s deficit, I am part of a bipartisan delegation of senators from five states working on one common-sense budget savings proposal. By eliminating the dollar bill in favor of the dollar coin, we could save taxpayers $4.5 billion without raising taxes or cutting a single program. Read my op-ed to find out more information about this common sense solution.
A family’s assets, sometimes built up over generations, should be left in the hands of the family and will be put to better use there in the local community than shipped off to a wasteful Washington.  I’m part of an effort to permanently repeal the death tax.
I spoke on the Senate floor today to express my serious concerns with President Obama’s announcement yesterday regarding plans to drastically reduce the U.S. nuclear deterrent. The strategic basis for this reduction is entirely unclear. A Washington Post editorial put it well today: “In touring Europe this week, President Obama has portrayed Russia’s Vladi¬mir Putin as a ruler with whom he can build a ‘constructive, cooperative relationship that moves us out of a Cold War mind-set.’ It’s a blinkered view that willfully ignores the Russian president’s behavior.” Watch my remarks on the Senate floor today here:
Happy to honor small businesses as a cosponsor of a bipartisan resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of National Small Business Week. The 27.9 million small businesses across America are the driving force behind our Nation’s economy and job creation. 'Like' and ‘Share’ to show your support for small businesses and the entrepreneurs, whose dreams, talents, and hard work continue to drive economic growth in Nebraska’s communities and nationwide.
If u want border security as#1 goal of immigration reform we will hv to look to the House b/c the Senate bill is only legalization first
Too bad House didn’t pass farm/nutrition bill. It’s a step forward in important reforms. Farmers need certainty.2of2
House did right thing passing rep. Fortenberry payment limits amend. Saves $$, helps small/medium & beginning farmers, closes loopholes.1of2
Senator Bob Corker and I just held a news conference outlining an amendment we have introduced to secure the southern border.
 
 The American people want a strong, comprehensive immigration reform plan, but we need to get it right. That means first and foremost securing the southern border before we address other meaningful reforms to our immigration policy. They want to know that ten years from now, we won’t find ourselves in this same position, having to address the same problem.
 
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=94ea0551-a26c-4ef8-9d22-c6e1a047e2f1
Earlier this afternoon, I joined Sens. Lee, Vitter, Sessions, as well as Jenny Beth Martin of the Tea Party Patriots and Niger Innis with The Tea Party during a press conference to highlight our opposition to the Gang of Eight’s immigration bill which fails to secure the border and provides immediate amnesty. The people who immigrate to this country legally have worked hard, learned the language, and know the history of our country. I cannot support legislation that will put those individuals at the back of the line and let an illegal immigrant cut to the front.
NA
Russia should remove its U.S. adoption ban and give children the opportunity for healthy, happy lives.
Welcome to new #Fermilab Director Nigel Lockyer. Thanks Dr Oddone for creating an innovative foundation to build upon.
This bipartisan compromise will restore the people’s trust in our ability to control the border and bring 525,000 people in #Illinois out of the shadows. Please share this post and your thoughts with me.
Saddened by the passing of James Gandolfini, great friend of #veterans.
Megyn Kelly: So what is it about the Corker/Hoeven amendment that does not yet satisfy you?  Me: Well, I have yet to see the text of it.
The conflict in Syria has been going on for over two years, yet there are many questions surrounding the composition and goals of Syrian opposition groups and the interests of U.S. national security that need answers.  Any military involvement in Syria, including the arming of Syrian rebels, needs to be authorized through Congress, where concerns can be publicly debated and the American people can have a say. We have to ensure that we are not arming extremist groups who seek to cause chaos in the region and harm the United States and our allies. The long-term objectives of increased involvement in Syria are vague, as are the necessary commitments and costs.The United States cannot be involved in more nation building in the Middle East.
Learn more about how the Republican members of the Gang of 8 are joining with the Democrats to block meaningful improvements to the comprehensive immigration reform bill.
Sen. McConnell will talk to Sean Hannity today at approx 4:05 ET. In #Kentucky, his show airs on these stations:
“If this is a law that’s ‘working the way it’s supposed to,’ then it’s a bad law. And it’s Congress’ duty to repeal bad laws. I hope it will. I hope my Democrat friends here in the Senate will finally work with us to do that. Because we can’t do it without them. They have the majority. And if they can muster the will to admit their mistake, I hope they can also find the will to work with us to start fresh on health care. This time, I hope they will actually work together with Republicans to get something done for the American people. In my view, that means pursuing effective, step-by-step reforms that can not only lower costs, but that can also be implemented effectively and understood completely by the constituents we were sent here to serve.”
A half-century ago, President John F. Kennedy issued a proclamation announcing this week as a time to recognize the critical contributions of America’s small business owners. Our country was created by entrepreneurs, and today more than half of Americans either own or work for a small business.  Small businesses create jobs, drive innovation, revitalize their neighborhoods and increase America’s global competitiveness. Thank a small business owner in your community as we celebrate them this week.
I always feel privileged and humbled to spend time with World War II veterans from Kansas when they visit the National World War II Memorial. These heroes represent the best of America—a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. Here, I’m pictured with Robben Ledeker of Arkansas City. (http://instagram.com/p/ayu1G4kKpE/)
Yesterday, members of Kansas 4-H stopped by Capitol Hill to meet with Sen. Pat Roberts and me. It's always good to visit with young Kansans.
Congrats to Kansas State University President and First Lady Kirk and Noel Schulz for being recognized with the Fort Riley Distinguished Trooper Award—Fort Riley’s top honor for private citizens. This distinction was presented to the Schulz’s for expanding the K-State’s student soldier outreach. Thanks for helping our brave service men and women achieve the education they deserve.
Great news for Alaska’s wild salmon today: my amendment to label Frankenfish passed the Senate Appropriations Committee this morning!  If we are going to mess with Mother Nature, I want to make sure Americans at least know what they are eating.  Listen to me defend the health of Alaska’s wild salmon stocks here:
This month marks the 100th anniversary of the first person - Athabascan climber Walter Harper - to summit Denali.  Fitting that the U.S. Senate unanimously passed my bill to name the Talkeetna Ranger Station after Walter!
Continuing to push Obama Administration to provide answers to Delphi Salaried Retirees stripped of pensions. Op-Ed here:
American citizens should not be forced to carry around a National Identification Card as a condition of citizenship, because the card offends any reasonable basic concept of freedom.  While identifying and documenting immigrants is necessary for proper reform, implementing a mandatory identification registry for all citizens is not.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=868
Today, I issued a letter to FBI Director Robert Mueller, regarding my concern over recent remarks made by Director Mueller that indicate the FBI is using surveillance drones on American citizens. Click Here to read the letter: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=867
The President's unilateral decision to arm Syrian rebels is incredibly disturbing, considering what little we know about whom we are arming. The American people deserve real deliberation by their elected officials before we send arms to a region rife with extremists who seek to threaten the U.S. and her allies.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=866
IRS agents should be let go, not rewarded with $70 million taxpayer dollars as bonuses.  Watch, Like and Share if you agree! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KOx4toHVT4
I recently had the chance to sit down with Ann Charles, of Parsons, to reminisce about the day we learned the Base Realignment and Closure Commission (commonly known as BRAC) announced that the Kansas Army Ammunition Plant would be closed. That news kicked off an 8 year effort to create the Great Plains Industrial Park, which is essential to both the Parsons and Kansas economies. But it sure didn’t come easily. 
 
 It’s been an honor to be a partner in this successful effort. And it’s proof that you never give up trying to make a difference. Together, we did it. Here’s the story.
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biyzm853g00
A big thank you to our summer interns for all their hard work! Remember my office is accepting applications for Fall internships until July 15th! Apply at www.roberts.senate.gov
Rubio Endorses Republican Amendment To Surge Border Security In Senate Floor Speech: http://1.usa.gov/15o5uUX  Rubio: “The choice is before us to try to fix this or leave it the way it is. And what we have today is a disaster of epic proportions. … We need to fix this, and this is our chance to fix it.”
Rubio On CNN: Our Broken Immigration System Is Hurting America: http://1.usa.gov/11Pq4LN   Rubio: "I'm dealing with this because this is hurting our country badly."
Rubio Welcomes Republican Amendment To Create “Surge In Border Enforcement”: http://1.usa.gov/19l2VXU   Rubio: “It’s a dramatic improvement in border security. It’s a major surge in border enforcement, and I think it’s important to explain why that’s necessary. … We have a right to protect our borders, every sovereign country does, and that’s why this is so critical. As long as we have this crisis on the southern border, it’s going to require a surge of resources like the one that this amendment outlines. I’ve been saying that for weeks, that the entire effort of immigration reform hinges on whether or not we get the border security parts of the bill right. And if you look at what’s being proposed here, this is a dramatic expansion and improvement in border security that I hope will allow, finally, for this legislation to have the support it needs.”
Rubio And Republicans Working To "Significantly & Substantially Increase Border Security": http://1.usa.gov/12dc524  Rubio: “I think here over the next few hours there’s going to be additional news to report on the work of some of my Republican colleagues to significantly and substantially increase the border security parts of the bill.”
Sessions is NOW speaking on the Senate floor. You can watch LIVE here:
Sessions: “Special interests wrote this bill. They wrote it in secret, produced it to the floor with all kinds of promotional activities, plans, and agendas to move it forward to final passage… [The Gang of Eight’s bill] will be amnesty first, so the amnesty will occur, that is no doubt. We know that according to CBO and common sense, wages will be reduced. The Gross Domestic Product per capita will go down, and unemployment will go up. This is not the kind of well thought out policy that serves the interests of the American people.”
Sessions is speaking NOW on the Senate floor about the immigration bill with Sen. Cornyn.
NA
Great to meet Rachel Edwards (from Charleston) and her father Gary today. Rachel is a bone cancer survivor, and her strength is an inspiration to us all.
Here, Emily and Kathryn and their families share their Children's Champions cards, which tell the stories of their illnesses, treatments and recoveries at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Today, I met Emily and Kathryn, two very brave young people from Pennsylvania. Emily is a leukemia survivor who underwent innovative T-cell therapy from doctors at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. She was the first child ever to receive this break-through treatment. Kathryn struggled with liver problems as a newborn and was diagnosed with hemolytic-uremic syndrome, a blood disease. Both are doing just fine today. I'm so glad they could both come with their families to Washington to tell me about the life-saving work done at CHOP.
I'm honored to be recognized with the Independent Bakers Association Legislative Service award. My thanks to Len Amoroso and everyone from the association for taking time to come to Washington to present me with this great honor.
We need sugar reform. See The Morning Call's great story on how government's crazy sugar policy hikes your grocery bill:
Gettysburg was the third of the four original national military parks authorized by Congress: Chickamauga and Chattanooga (1890), Shiloh (1894), Gettysburg (1895), and Vicksburg (1899).
NA
Last week, the Senate Armed Services Committee unanimously approved an amendment to the "National Defense Authorization Act," which I cosponsored with Senator Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.), to address the critical need of supporting those in our military who suffer from mental health issues. After a record number of suicides by service members in 2012, significant steps need to be taken to curb this disturbing trend. I believe the Donnelly-Wicker amendment is a step in the right direction.
