“Our veterans deserve better, and we intend to closely monitor the investigation to ensure they receive every benefit they have earned.” – Senators Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker  In response to the recent reports of neglect and delayed care at Veterans Affairs medical facilities, Sens. Alexander and Corker sent a letter to U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki calling for a “thorough, open, and transparent” third-party audit of all VA facilities. The senators also are seeking answers on the average wait times at Tennessee VA facilities to ensure Tennessee veterans are receiving the care they deserve.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=2834a40e-7b0b-4119-89fd-65ee150cabf6 
Senator Ayotte enjoyed meeting today with Enfield Chief of Police Dick Crate and Lincoln Chief of Police Ted Smith.
The Department of Veterans Affairs needs to investigate the quality of mental health treatment for St. Louis’s veterans. Fox News’s Special Report noted my continued efforts. 
KMOV noted that I’m calling on the VA to respond to disturbing claims that the John Cochran VA hospital in St. Louis is not taking our veterans’ mental health care seriously. 
Spoke with Stuart Varney today on Fox News’s “Your World w/ Neil Cavuto” about alleged waste at the Wentzville ObamaCare facility. I’m working to get to the bottom of this.
As the co-chair of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, I’m pleased to mark Police Week by co-sponsoring the National Blue Alert Act. This bipartisan bill would create a nationwide alert system to apprehend violent criminals who have seriously injured or killed police officers.
I co-sponsored an important bipartisan bill today to ensure military children with developmental disabilities have access to the quality care they need and deserve. 
Today, Arlington Cemetery has been serving an important purpose in honoring our fallen men and women in uniform for 150 years. If you ever visit DC, this is a must see and an important reminder of those who have fought and died for our freedoms.
The President’s health care law has forced taxpayers to pay hundreds of millions of dollars for a failed website, and now the Obama Administration expects Americans to pay hundreds of millions of dollars for failed state exchanges. States that scrap their state-run Obamacare exchanges are admitting they have wasted millions of dollars in federal grants, so it’s only fair that they pay the American taxpayers and the federal government back for their total incompetence. Today, I spoke on the floor of the Senate about a bill I introduced with Senator Orrin Hatch that would force states to pay back the American taxpayers all of the funding they wasted on the failed exchange: 
“It's important to understand how much Mr. Reid's tactics have changed the Senate. Not too long ago it was understood that any Senator could get a floor vote if he wanted it. The minority party, often Democrats, used this right of amendment to sponsor votes that would sometimes put the majority on the spot. It's called politics, rightly understood. This meant the Senate debated national priorities and worked its bipartisan will. Harry Reid's Senate has become a deliberate obstacle to democratic accountability.” 
VIDEO: I joined with Senate colleagues today to express our concern over the U.S. Air Force’s plan to eliminate its entire fleet of A-10 Warthogs, an aircraft that has proven effective in close-air-support missions over Iraq and Afghanistan during the last decade.   Prematurely retiring the A-10 before its replacement has achieved full operational capability would put our troops at increased risk and undermine our nation’s military readiness and capability. 
Senator Collins is interviewed on CBS This Morning regarding efforts to find and rescue the nearly 300 school girls kidnapped in Nigeria.  Watch:
Cornyn: Release of Criminal Aliens Violates Texans’ Trust In DHS:
Cornyn: VA Scandals a Betrayal of Our Veterans:
Great to speak at AEI this morning on America's foreign policy and the consequences of inaction.
Cornyn Op-ed: The Perils of Foreign-Policy Weakness:
It’s been 20 months. We have four dead Americans and still no dead terrorists. We need answers on #Benghazi!
New #IRS emails obtained by Judicial Watch are highly concerning. Even more reason to have a special prosecutor investigate now!
The FCC's latest adventure in 'net neutrality' would stifle innovation and subject the Internet to nanny-state regulation from Washington.  Internet freedom has produced robust free speech for billions and a wide-open incubator for entrepreneurs to generate jobs and expand opportunity.  A 5-member panel at the FCC should not be dictating how Internet services will be provided to millions of Americans.   I will be introducing legislation that would remove the claimed authority for the FCC to take such actions, specifically the Commission's nebulous Sec. 706 authority. More than $1 trillion has already been invested in broadband infrastructure, which has led to an explosion of new content, applications, and Internet accessibility.   Congress, not an unelected commission, should take the lead on modernizing our telecommunications laws. The FCC should not endanger future investments by stifling growth in the online sector, which remains a much-needed bright spot in our struggling economy.
Liberty will soon have a new address in Austin: 901 Congress.   Congratulations on the groundbreaking of the new Texas Public Policy Foundation Headquarters!
There’s never been a President so brazen in declaring the authority to disregard the law — to pick and choose which laws to follow. #MakeDCListen
Senator Barrasso and I plan to participate in a Wyoming telephone town hall this evening at 6 p.m. Wyoming time. We will be available to answer any questions you may have about what is happening in Washington. Tonight’s call in number is: (855)-756-7520 Ext.24833# if you want to listen in and/or ask a question.
A few states have wasted hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars on failed Obamacare exchanges and the American people are picking up the tab. I joined Senator John Barrasso, R-Wyo., Senator Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, and others in introducing the State Exchange Accountability Act to force states that wasted this money to repay the federal government for all of the funding they received. This bill will help ensure that taxpayers will not be forced to bail out states that made bad Obamacare choices.
I believe the states are already on the hook for enough spending because of federal mandates. That’s why I want my colleagues in the Senate to focus on eliminating duplicative spending and fixing what’s broken. Today I opposed attempts to push through a new universal preschool program. The government already spends $20 billion on these programs. We should be giving states more flexibility to use the money that is already available, not forcing them to abide by the will of a few in Washington.
This year we celebrate National Small Business Week beginning May 12, recognizing the importance that small businesses play across America. As part of this week, the Small Business Administration takes the opportunity to highlight the impact of outstanding small business owners. This year’s Wyoming Small Business Person of the Year award went to Jennifer Merrill, the founder of general contracting firm Merrill Inc. in Cheyenne. Her hard work has helped her company grow leaps and bounds and put more people in Wyoming to work. Congratulations! For more information on the National Small Business Week, click the link below. #SBW2014
If these allegations are confirmed, anyone behind an effort to cover-up these wait times and interfere with the truth coming out need to be held accountable. Heads should roll.
NA
Small Business Week: Technology is playing a critical role in driving small business growth. Businesses that make use of the Internet are expected to grow 40 percent faster and are nearly twice as likely to create jobs. Licorice International started as a small mail order company before expanding to a 4,450 square foot location in Lincoln, which I visited last August. With the help of their website, they now process roughly 10,000 orders of their delicious licorice each year.
History in Senate tonite Congrats to Diane  Humetewa for become 1st Native American woman to be fed judge
NA
Happy #ArmedForcesWeek. Like this post if you support America’s heroes. #BattleBorn
We are all very proud, not only of our service men and women at MAFB, who serve skillfully and professionally, but also of the community that has been so supportive over the years. We are going to keep working in Washington to ensure that our airmen have the resources and support they need to carry out their missions, which are of vital importance to our national security and maintaining a credible nuclear deterrent.
The Oklahoman has a must-read editorial about how President Obama's #climatechange regulations are forcing our cheap energy resources to be sold off to Europe, Canada, and others. The President's policies aren't addressing so-called man-made climate change but instead are making electricity more expensive and less reliable for Americans. The paper's editorial board says it best:  "What happens when excessive, too-rapid regulation of an out-of-favor commodity blows in like a cold front in January? It brushes aside common sense. Coal producers are finding alternative markets for their commodity. American consumers will pay more for power — a lot more — as a result." http://newsok.com/new-markets-for-coal-mean-higher-prices-for-u.s.-consumers/article/4748017’ 
I am concerned about credible reports of secret wait lists at Hines VA, similar to the lists used in Phoenix. Sharon Helman, the current Phoenix VA Director responsible for overseeing the secret wait lists and neglect of veterans’ care, was also the Director at Hines from February 2010 to February 2012. The Inspector General should immediately broaden its investigation to include Hines VA and to deliver a swift and immediate report.  http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1077
Our sanctions brought #Iran to the table. President Obama should follow that model with Putin.
The president gave a speech today in front of a busy bridge today to announce that we need to #RebuildAmerica by having Congress authorize $300 billion for Washington to spend on infrastructure projects.  Instead of announcing a vision of the new roads, bridges, ports, and pipelines that he would plan to build, he announced that he would be rebuilding a website to help those who will hopefully someday build these projects navigate the permitting nightmare in Washington DC.  Clearly, there are other ways to rebuild America's infrastructure besides funneling $300 billion through Washington.  I will be on Cavuto tonight on Fox Business at 8:00 p.m. ET to discuss the Transportation Empowerment Act, which would cut the federal gas tax and empower the states to manage their own infrastructure.  
This afternoon I spoke with Gretchen Carlson about the mounting allegations of dysfunction and cover-ups at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) ahead of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki's testimony before the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee tomorrow. I've discovered what Sec. Shinseki coined as a “nationwide review” beginning on May 8, is actually looking at less than 10 percent of the 1,700 Veterans Health Administration “points of care” across this country. I seriously question whether this is truly a comprehensive and sincere look at the magnitude of the problems at hand.
Last night, Bret Baier gave an update on the VA scandal impacting our nation's heroes across the country. In case you missed it, you can watch the informative segment below.
During tomorrow's Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing, I will question VA Secretary Shinseki about the suffering the VA system is causing our nation’s Veterans. Please take this survey and share your story. I will personally make sure Secretary Shinseki hears your concerns.
Alaska is #3 in the nation when it comes to breweries per capita - and our small brewers are a dynamic, growing economic sector for our state. I encourage Alaskans to take a moment this week to commemorate American Craft Beer Week.  Check out this video with a brief cameo by 49th State Brewing Company!
Thousands of Hmong fought side-by-side with American forces during Vietnam in their 'stealth war.' Today I introduced a bill to allow Hmong-Americans who served and died in support of our cause to be buried in national cemeteries.
With Alaskans still mourning the loss of two of our Alaska State Troopers, I was especially honored to participate in this year's Candlelight Vigil at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Tuesday night.  Our thoughts and prayers remain with the Johnson and Rich families.
Huge round of applause for Keith Maupin at my constituent coffee this morning. Keith is the father of Sgt. Matt Maupin who was tragically killed in Iraq in 2004. To honor Matt's life, his family started the Yellow Ribbon Support Center which sends packages to soldiers overseas.
In honor of National Police Week, I've introduced a bill that will ensure the families of fallen officers receive the benefits they've earned. http://1.usa.gov/1st1kqq
In case you missed it, last night I joined Greta Van Susteren on Fox News to clarify my stance on voter ID laws (a stance in which the New York Times took out of context).   WATCH me set the record straight 'On the Record': https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAU13bfX_T4&feature=youtu.be
Thanks to the 60 Plus Association for their work on behalf of seniors. I am honored to receive their "Ben Franklin Award" for fighting the death tax.
I am honored to receive this recognition from the 60 Plus Association. Our work to permanently repeal the death tax goes on. Farmers, ranchers, small business owners and Kansans from all walks of life ought to be able to keep more of the dollars they earn. This income should definitely not be taxed twice with the death tax,” Roberts said. “Many seniors are living within a strict budget. I will continue to fight to ensure the federal government does too.”
The new HHS Secretary nominee, Sylvia Burwell, plans to visit the Senate tomorrow. What would you ask her?
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Ensure Retirement Security: http://1.usa.gov/1lzvjMq  “While our economy is rapidly changing, retirement programs and savings plans have failed to adjust accordingly,” said Rubio. “Currently, seniors who have already paid their fair share into Social Security are being punished for choosing to keep working rather than immediately cashing in.    “By eliminating the Social Security payroll tax for seniors and repealing the Retirement Earnings Test, older people are incentivized to continue working well into their golden years,” Rubio continued. “This proposal would lift a financial strain from an entire generation of hardworking Americans, equipping them with the tools needed to live out the American Dream with comfort, dignity and peace of mind.”   
ICYMI: Watch Senator Rubio on FOX News' Hannity last night.
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Retirement Security, Clinton’s Record & Climate Change On CNBC’s Squawk Box  RUBIO ON RETIREMENT SECURITY: “So we want to create that option for people to be able to do that, to be able to invest in something other than treasuries, where over a period of time that begins to compound. And I think as people see that succeed, they'll have an incentive to do more of it. As far as working beyond 62 or 65, I think most people expect to work beyond 65, not because they have to, but because they'll want to. I think that’s going to be the nature of the future economy. You’re already seeing it now.”   RUBIO ON CLIMATE CHANGE: “I actually said the same thing I said before. ... I do not believe these laws will do anything about it. And I’m not going to help destroy America’s economy.”   RUBIO ON CLINTON’S STATE DEPARTMENT: “I think the foreign policy of this administration has been a failure, primarily because it was premised on a failed notion. And that is that somehow if the U.S. stepped back from the world, that other countries would fill that void in a positive way. And that's not been the result. ... In the absence of [American leadership], you see the chaos you see all over the world when she was at the State Department, when all of this was happening.”   RUBIO ON HOUSE’S BENGHAZI INVESTIGATION: “I expect it will be run in a very professional way. I think this is a fact-finding operation. It shouldn't be theater. I don’t think that’s what they intend to do. If you see the people they’ve appointed to it, these are serious thinkers and workers.” 
Sen. Sessions: “We’re going to talk about what’s in the interest of the American people. We’re not going to talk about your politics and your ideology and your special interests; we’re going to talk about what’s good for America. And what’s good for America is to get more of our unemployed [people] working, to get more wages going up, rather than down.”
The last two years we have honored our World War Two and Korean War veterans - truly amazing experiences that I will never forget. I look forward to celebrating our state's Vietnam veterans in August - details and RSVP info at http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-host-vietnam-era-veterans-honor-ceremony-columbia-august  You can watch some video from the past ceremonies at the links below!  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=317838091644991&set=vb.163207553711385&type=3&theater  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRbJ2CQ3SDM&feature=youtu.be
We're holding an Honor Ceremony for South Carolina's Vietnam era veterans in Columbia this August 2. I look forward to celebrating their service and sacrifice.  Veterans, their family members and survivors can RSVP for our event at http://scott.senate.gov/Veterans or by calling 844-820-0146 (toll free).
Great lesson on Pennsylvania Dutch cuisine. #delicious
A good read... http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304081804579560251530777852#printMode
Ten organizations have endorsed the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014, which Senator Joe Donnnelly and I introduced last week.
This week is National Police Week.  Please join Senator Cochran and me in honoring the brave law enforcement officers who have given the ultimate sacrifice to keep our neighborhoods and communities safe.
In today’s global market, modernized ports and commercial waterways are vital to maintaining competitiveness. This legislation would provide significant funding for new infrastructure projects, which will in turn boost trade and create jobs throughout Mississippi.
NA
