Sen. Alexander pays  “a Tennessean’s tribute” on the floor of the U.S. Senate to the late Patti Page,  who made popular Tennessee’s state song, “The Tennessee Waltz.” Watch this video to hear the story of how Tennessee’s state song was written on the way from Memphis to Nashville—and went on to sell about 5 million copies after it was recorded by Patti Page.
We must do a better job of identifying mental health issues in order to prevent senseless acts of violence. That’s why I've cosponsored bipartisan legislation to help boost training programs and raise community awareness about mental health. Learn more about this bill by clicking on the link below.
There’s no doubt that Washington is living outside its means. Our federal debt has skyrocketed to a record $16.43 trillion and President Obama racked up more than $5.8 trillion of that total in just his first term. It’s time for President Obama and the Democrat-controlled Senate to get serious about working together to solve the fiscal crisis that we’re facing today.
In light of the new gun control legislation unveiled today in the Senate, I feel it is important to share my response to President Obama’s recent speech again as it applies here as well.  New gun control laws are not the answer.
This week's column is on how excessive regulations hurt job growth and how we can work to stop the abuses of the regulatory system.
I spoke on the Senate Floor today about how the Debt Limit debate is an appropriate time to talk about reforming Washington’s spending problem.
I wrote in the Wall Street Journal today about my concerns with Chuck Hagel’s judgment regarding a number of issues.
I spoke on the Senate floor to continue to push for Congress to focus on addressing out-of-control government spending, not increasing taxes as President Obama has proposed.
Earlier today, I met the SW Indiana Right to Life group in DC. It is great to see so many Hoosiers in Washington this week to stand up for the sanctity of human life. I commend them for their dedication to defending the defenseless and fighting for life.
News Release: President Obama has made a decision to re-nominate Richard Cordray as the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  I previously joined 44 senators expressing concern that until structural reforms are made at the CFPB, I will oppose any nominee for the post, and my position remains unchanged.
NA
Earlier this week, a significant step was taken to get the Keystone XL Pipeline built when Nebraska Governor Heineman approved a revised route.  This is a very important project that can reduce energy costs and create jobs.  I signed a letter with colleagues calling on the Administration to move forward with final approval so that construction can begin.
"Our military's most talented warriors should be allowed to serve on the front lines in defense of our nation's security and freedom, whether they are men or women," Senator Collins said today in response to the announcement that the Pentagon will end the ban on women in combat.    What are your thoughts?
Senator Collins joined a bipartisan group of colleagues today in reintroducing the Violence Against Women Act.
Cy-Creek Mirror: Cornyn, Senators Urge President to Approve Keystone XL Pipeline
Senator Corker today commented on President Obama’s nominations for chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB): “I want to make sure both nominees are committed to working with Congress on technical and policy improvements to Dodd-Frank. The SEC needs to address the potential taxpayer liability from money market mutual funds,” said Corker. “Regarding the CFPB, while I respect Richard Cordray as a substantive person who has shown thoughtfulness in writing regulation up to now, I still have reservations about the CFPB’s structure, namely the lack of a board to help ensure sound policy and accountability, and I look forward to discussing with him how to address those concerns.”
Today at 10:00 a.m. ET, Senator Corker will participate in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the nomination of Senator John Kerry to be Secretary of State. Live streaming coverage is available here: http://1.usa.gov/WoNndz.
Sen. Feinstein’s Assault Weapons Ban of 2013 would have done nothing to prevent the terrible murders in Newtown, but it would limit the constitutional liberties of law-abiding citizens.  I look forward to helping lead the fight to defeat this bill and to protect our constitutional right to keep and bear arms.
Inspectors General (IGs) are independent offices in place to help make federal departments and agencies less wasteful. Investigations and reports of IGs continually help the government save money, promote transparency, and combat wrongdoing. As a new member of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee, I joined my colleagues in urging President Obama to fill the six Inspector General vacancies at key agencies, including the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, Interior, Labor and State. The sixth vacancy is at the Agency for International Development. We need appointments of qualified and experienced individuals for these vacant roles, with the endorsement of the President and confirmation of the Senate. Click on the link below to read the letter.
Here is some good insight explaining gridlock in the Senate.
Grassley on the SEC Chairman Nomination
Senate Judiciary Committee Leaders Introduce Legislation to Protect Whistleblowers in Criminal Antitrust Cases
Here's The Scoop - Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Senator Grassley will be on 1360AM KSCJ in Sioux City at 8:30 am CT. Listen at http://www.kscj.com/streamplayer.html
Senator Grassley will be on 1630AM KCJJ in Iowa City at 8 am CT. Listen at http://www.ustream.tv/channel/kcjj-raw
If PresObama looked at debt limit same way as he did as a Senator we wld not hv such big natl debt. He was then agst debt increase
The POTUS and Congress shld welcome opportunity to debate debt limit. It historically has given officials opportunity to reexaminePriotities
S&P/Moody's/Fitch(not just Republicans)warn need for decreased spending or credit rating downgraded. PresObama why don't u show same concern
Today I introduced a bill to provide much-needed tax relief for Nevadans. Learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/VagEIy
Happy to see Mayor Ardis drop by to discuss transportation options for Peoria
NA
McConnell: ‘Struggling families shouldn't have to pick up the tab again for Washington’s inability to live within its means. We need to start solving the actual problem, which is spending, and we need to do it together. So if – and I say if – Democrats are finally ready to confront the massive fiscal and economic challenges facing our country, and to do so in a serious way, I assure them they’ll find partners on this side of the aisle.’
Thanks to all who participated in the Fight For Our Future telephone town hall meeting last night to share your input on ways to reduce spending. In case you were unable to provide input or leave a voicemail, visit www.moran.senate.gov/ourfuture.
I think America is realizing it’s way past time for the Senate to seriously discuss our nation’s mental health care. Today the HELP Committee. where I serve. took on the issue for the first time since 2007.  I raised questions on early detection and complete, thorough treatment for young Americans.
Calling onto the Dave Stieren Show on KFQD from D.C. right now to talk about the Keystone XL Pipeline, a new honor for Uncle Ted and everything else going on in Washington.  Tune in if you can!
I was pleased to meet with Japanese Ambassador Kenichiro Sasae today. I look forward to the official announcement that will ease restrictions on U.S. beef imports. Once official, this will mean greater access to Japanese markets for Kansas beef.
Congrats to the The Hutchinson News for making the Top Ten at the Newseum today.
Kansans are lucky to have native son Dale Moore from Copeland to be their champion at the American Farm Bureau Federation. Dale is a good friend and former member of my staff. His leadership on behalf of farmers and ranchers is unfailing. Congrats Dale!
Senator Rubio Raises Questions on America's Role in the World at John Kerry Nomination Hearing: Transcript: http://t.co/ihcmAfWt
Senador Marco Rubio: Mis Principios Para Una Reforma Migratoria: http://1.usa.gov/WwIuAb
Senator Marco Rubio Discusses Benghazi Hearing With Greta Van Susteren: Transcript: http://1.usa.gov/WiaKIM
Senator Marco Rubio Discusses Immigration Principles on "The Mark Levin Show": Listen Here: http://bit.ly/11TTbmd Excerpts: http://1.usa.gov/10CC6YY
Sen. Sessions spoke on the Senate floor yesterday to detail Jack Lew's history of repeatedly misleading Congress and the American people about the fiscal impact of President Obama's budgets. Lew has been nominated to be Treasury Secretary, the top financial post in the country.
Yesterday I joined more than half of my colleagues in calling on the President to approve the Keystone Pipeline.   http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/23/us-usa-keystone-senators-idUSBRE90M1DC20130123
ICYMI, I discuss my bipartisan Earmark Elimination Ban with Neil Cavuto. I'm thankful to Sen. Claire McCaskill for working with me on this. Congress cannot credibly talk about cleaning up Washington if we do not get rid of earmarking for good.
I'll be talking with Neil Cavuto at 4:20 about the bipartisan Earmark Elimination Act that Sen. Claire McCaskill & I have reintroduced. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=852
Now is the time for a permanent ban on earmarks. Sen. Claire McCaskill and I have reintroduced the Earmark Elimination Act. Our colleagues in Congress cannot credibly talk about cleaning up Washington if we do not get rid of earmarking for good.
I appreciate Mr. Lew coming in today for a helpful and substantive conversation on a wide range of issues. The Treasury Secretary is one of the most important jobs in the government – now more than ever.  As a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I look forward to getting to know the nominee better at the upcoming hearing and a confirmation process that allows for a robust discussion about policies that are critical to growing our economy for all Americans.
My thanks to the Erie Reader for taking time to sit down with me last week. You can find our conversation on the fiscal problems we need to address here:
