NA
Enjoyed catching up with Jamie Allman live in-studio this morning at 97.1 FM NewsTalk in St. Louis.
Outlook for health plans downgraded from stable to negative -- Moody’s cites Obamacare’s numerous problems, including the low enrollment rate among young adults and the slew of last-minute regulatory and operational changes. #trainwreck    
One of Wyoming’s and Cheyenne’s best, KGAB Radio's Dave Chaffin, is retiring and hosting his final “Morning Zone” show today. Dave is a great broadcaster and I’m proud to have called him a friend throughout the years. I’ll join Dave LIVE in the studio this morning at about 9:30 am MT. You can listen to his entire last show LIVE by clicking on the link below. 
NA
NA
The southern leg of the Keystone XL pipeline is now complete, but the U.S. State Department continues to delay issuing a permit for the 1,179-mile northern leg.  The Keystone XL pipeline would double U.S. import capacity for Canadian oil sands crude, stimulating the economy by $7 billion and increasing energy independence while creating 20,000 jobs.  Now, more than ever, in our current economic climate should we ensure that the entire pipeline be completed. 
NA
The IRS is currently considering new rules to limit the free speech of the very same groups it illegally targeted. The IRS is required to accept and publish comments from the public. 
 
 Sound off here: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
Will the President recognize that his economic policies have failed to create the millions of jobs that he promised and have, instead, reduced the labor force participation rate to its lowest level in decades?  Will he commit to commonsense, job-creating policies such as the immediate authorization of the Keystone Pipeline, a moratorium on new regulations, and fundamental tax reform for every American?
2/3 Americans think the federal government is too big and too powerful.   I think they're on to something -- SHARE if you do too! #MakeDCListen
A year ago Hillary Clinton asked "What difference does it make?" who attacked our people in Benghazi.  Now we know it was a preventable attack by al Qaida terrorists.  That makes a big difference.  Let's not wait another year before finding out why our government lied when they told us it was a spontaneous protest of an internet video.
In eight months there's not been a single indictment for the IRS’s illegal targeting of conservative groups: 
In some areas of the country you could be arrested for carrying a pocket knife even if you are just passing through. Senator Mike Lee and I believe this is unbecoming of a free country and have introduced a bill to protect knife owners. If you’re traveling from point A to point C with a knife that is legal in both locations, you shouldn’t have to worry about being charged with a crime in-between at point B. Click the link below to find out more about the Knife Owners Protection Act. 
President Obama’s own Department of State estimates that the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline could support 42,000 jobs across the country. Today, Senator Barrasso and I joined 43 Republican senators in sending a letter to the president urging him to finish the review process and approve the Keystone XL pipeline. Click the link below to read the letter.  
Reliable phone and Internet access are necessities for businesses, modern healthcare, and public safety.  I’m committed to supporting smart policies to expand broadband infrastructure and push back against taxation on Internet access. Read more about how we can do that here.
Yesterday I toured the Saunders Medical Center. I'm so grateful for their very warm welcome and we discussed the critical health care that they provide to the community.
NA
I was in Greer earlier today with Governor Nikki Haley, and Congressman Trey Gowdy and Congressman Jeff Duncan discussing the importance of the Inland Port.
 
 The Inland Port is a game-changing investment that will shape the future of not only the Upstate but all of South Carolina. Even though it’s more than 200 miles from the coast, the Inland Port will act as a force multiplier for the Port of Charleston. It’s yet another tool for helping bring new business to South Carolina and for helping increase the efficiency of those already here.
The U.S. Military Academy, West Point, N.Y.; the U.S. Naval Academy, Annapolis, Md.; the U.S. Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colo.; the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, Kings Point, N.Y.; and, the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, New London, Conn educate and train the nation’s next generation of military leaders.  Here’s information for interested Iowa students.
West Marshall HS-Q&A w 91 students/teachers-defense, farm bill, propane, Snowden, death penalty, EPA regs, NSA, marijuana, immigration
Nevada HS Q&A-108 students/teachers Topics: student loans, marijuana, NSA, term limits, foster care, guns, ethanol, Syria, MinWage, Olympics
Tour/Q&A w 38 people-Rolfe’s at Boone-Topics: FarmBill, Fast&Furious, health ins, tax-free health benefits, trade, Immig, Military Retirees
Propane prices Major burden 4 Iowans heating homes-why? I asked FTC to oversee market
Tour & Q&A w 42 employees-Lorenz & Jones marine dist-Ankeny-Topics: Obamacare, President/Constitution, partisanship, national debt, highways
We need to do all we can to ensure that our communities have the propane supplies they need, especially with the extremely cold temperatures we’ve been experiencing. An emergency declaration would help alleviate some of the strains being placed on our propane supplies and help to ensure that during these cold winter months we have the oil to heat our homes and businesses. We’ll continue doing what we can to address propane shortages across our state.
Enjoyed speaking today with Mandan Middle School students about improvements to our school lunch programs.
“The Casselton derailment has highlighted the need for improved rail inspections as one part of a comprehensive plan to improve rail safety for our communities. We are working with all responsible agencies, as well as the industry, to make sure that we advance the effort. The FRA’s rule change is a good step forward as we continue to press for the smart, long-term measures that will improve rail safety, including the need to advance long-overdue standards for building new tank cars with greater safety features."  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-federal-railway-administration-strengthens-inspection-standards-procedures
In advance of President Obama’s State of the Union Address, I led a letter signed by all Republican Senators pressing President Obama to deliver an answer on the Keystone XL pipeline. 
Next week I will join Senator Dick Durbin and Rep. Robin Kelly in introducing a bill to make Chicago's Pullman neighborhood a National Park and preserve 100+ years of Illinois' history as an industrial powerhouse.
In advance of President Obama’s State of the Union Address next Tuesday, today I pressed the president to deliver a long-overdue answer on the Keystone XL pipeline. The Obama Administration’s five-year review has taken more than twice as long as it will take to build the pipeline. We need a safe and efficient system to transport crude oil in this country, and the Keystone XL pipeline is a vital piece of the puzzle. It would create a significant number of private-sector jobs without any cost to American taxpayers. In fact, the Department of State estimates the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline could support 42,000 jobs across the country.   Unemployed Americans with the skills to construct this important project should not be forced to wait any longer. It is time to put Americans to work and provide an opportunity to grow local, state and national economies while taking a vital step toward energy security.
Good news for Alaska's seafood industry: Wal-Mart has finished its review and our fish will remain stocking its shelves nationwide.  Alaska's sustainable wild seafood continues to be its own best advocate, and today's announcement is vindication of our superior sustainable management practices. This is a significant step in confirming wild Alaska seafood as the benchmark for sustainability worldwide. I will always fight for our fisheries.
Small breweries are a thriving small business community in Alaska -- from Baranof Island Brewing Co in Sitka to Silver Gulch in Fairbanks and all points between. While I was in the Mat-Su Valley today, I made sure to stop at the Last Frontier Brewing Company in Wasilla -- thanks to Robbie the brewer for sharing a taste of his lager.  If you're in the neighborhood, I recommend the Alaska Crab Spinach Gratin appetizer!
Federal job training programs are failing to equip people with the skills they need to acquire jobs. We can fix this. Read more here: 
In case you missed it: The Republican National Committee publicly recognized the NSA surveillance program as unconstitutional. READ, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree  http://www.politico.com/story/2014/01/rnc-nsa-spying-102571.html#ixzz2rLVlKkFP
I can see no reason why the American public should not be allowed to see behind the veil of secrecy at the Fed. I will continue to do what I can to part that veil. I will continue to fight for a full and persistent audit of the Fed.   http://www.breitbart.com/Breitbart-TV/2014/01/15/Rand-Paul-Audit-The-Fed
Around Kentucky
Senator Rubio Continues Official Visit To South Korea: http://1.usa.gov/1d0MDTn
 
 Pictured here: Rubio meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs Yun Byung-se.
 
 Note: Photo credit is given to the U.S. Embassy in Seoul.
Senator Rubio talks about the emotional impact of visiting the Korean DMZ during the closing remarks of his speech in South Korea:
Senator Rubio Delivers Foreign Policy Speech In South Korea:   Rubio: "The United States needs Japan and South Korea to work together.  A closer bond between our treaty allies will immeasurably improve security in the region and enhance America’s security."
At DMZ, Rubio Comes Face To Face With Repressive North Korean Regime: 1.usa.gov/1dzCQU9 
 
 Pictured below: Rubio stands in the conference room at the DMZ, where a North Korean soldier takes his picture through the window:
NA
Troy Messenger on Sen. Shelby's tour of the state to meet with businesses about job creation, and his running career total of more than 1,800 county visits:  "Pike County is one of 67 stops for Sen. Shelby on his tour of every county in the state. It speaks to the dedication that Sen. Shelby has for the people he serves that he takes the time to visit every county in the state he represents even after serving for nearly 30 years in the Senate."  http://www.troymessenger.com/2014/01/23/congressional-visits-a-good-thing-for-pike-county/
NA
During a press conference on Thursday, January 23rd, the Birmingham Museum of Art announced it will present over 400 existing art collections through it's partnership with the Google Cultural Institute in Birmingham, AL.
Great to be at tonight's Greer Chamber of Commerce dinner! Happy 76th!
Happy Friday Pennsylvania! Here's my weekly update. To sign up, see: http://ow.ly/sVrtH. Thank you for reading!
NA
