NA
We're hosting a tele-town hall tonight. You can click the link below to listen in when we begin in about 10 minutes.
Thank you to SGT Jamar Hicks and SFC Ricardo Young who gave their lives in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Let us never forget the sacrifices of our troops and let their legacies be an inspiration to all Americans.
Don Hoover, Principal at Springdale High School, is the Arkansas Principal of the year. His wife Cari joined him during a meeting in our office. Thanks for all you do for our students.
Senator Dan Coats (R-Ind.) today issued the following statement on the passing of Indiana State Representative Phyllis Pond (R-New Haven). Pond, a 35-year veteran of the Indiana House of Representative, was the longest serving female state representative in the history of Indiana:
 
 “Phyllis was a true friend and someone who dedicated her life to public service. She faithfully represented the interests of Hoosiers in her district. Marsha and I extend our deepest condolences to her family and also our gratitude for her example of living a life dedicated to serving others and the community."
Weekly Op-Ed: As summer turns to fall, many across Idaho are preparing for annual hunting trips.  Spending time enjoying the outdoors provides an opportunity to reset from the jumble of everyday life.  I grew up camping, hunting and fishing—a tradition I shared with my children and continue to enjoy today.  There is no doubt we must take care of what we have in order to ensure that we can continue to benefit from it in the years ahead.  Sportsmen and women are among those who are at the forefront of preserving our outdoor opprotunities.  Whether it was exploring as a child or camping with my family on a recent vacation getaway, we benefit from taking time to enjoy our surroundings.
DMN: Cornyn Pledges to Support Bill to Defund Obamacare:
I intend to support the House bill that defunds Obamacare and will vote against a bill that funds it.
Unfortunately, my unanimous consent request to hold a vote on funding the government without funding Obamacare and avoid a government shutdown was just objected to. #DefundObamacare  #DontFundIt
Fund government, not Obamacare. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Not one more American should lose their job, wages, or health care plans because of this disastrous, train wreck of a law. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
I am working to repeal, defund, and delay Obamacare. I have cosponsored a bill with Senator Hatch, R-Utah, to delay the health insurance exchanges until the Government Accountability Office and the HHS Inspector General can certify that the necessary privacy and data parameters are in place. Along with delaying a key part of Obamacare, this bill would ensure that Congress is working to keep your personal information secure.
Some of my colleagues and I in the Senate are asking the Administration to continue to reject yet another special exemption from Obamacare. In a letter signed with other Republican senators I urged the Administration to ensure that union members cannot double dip on benefits under Obamacare. We must continue our efforts to repeal, defund, and dismantle Obamacare, but the President should not create special exemptions for only those groups who supported his campaign while non-union employers struggle under the health care law’s onerous and costly mandates.
I agree with StratCom Chief General Kehler that it's critical to keep our most important weapons up-to-date. Our ability to project force in the world is critical. As a Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I'm committed to stressing the importance of StratCom and its priorities not just for Nebraska, but for U.S. national security.
300 ppl donate time to read Iowa newspapers&other publications-I read about Mamie Eisenhower 2day 2of2
Just read at IA Radio Reading Info Service-IRIS-an important service reading to the blind and print handicapped 1of2
Questions about the debt ceiling? Check out Senator Grassley's latest Q&A for more information.
Gr8 visit to WDM tech co. Blue Compass Interactive. Thx to Drew Harden & Cary Coppola for the briefing on their web biz
100 days until you can sign up for the #Obamacare coverage programs. Like this post if you support a permanent delay.
I hope you'll take a moment to read my Sunday newsletter: Standing with Oklahomans on #ObamaCare http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/inhofe-informant
Watch @nbcnightlynews tonight at 5:30pm ct to see how 9yo Jackson inspired me during my #stroke recovery.
To learn more visit: http://bit.ly/Kirk-Jackson
Great op-ed by Senator Ted Cruz:  "Not one more American should lose their job, wages, or health care plans because of this disastrous, train wreck of a law.  "If President Obama, his big corporate friends, and members of Congress and their staffs don’t have to live under #Obamacare, then no other Americans should, either.  "Some argue the law should be delayed. Defunding delays it for everyone, not just the ruling class in DC. In essence, defund exempts everyone from the law. Defund gives a waiver to everyone.  "Whether or not Senate Republicans defeat cloture, the question will be whether Harry Reid will demand a government shutdown to force Obamacare on every American. We should not shut down the government, and I hope Reid and President Obama do not do so."
Before heading back to Washington, I stopped by Flint Hills Stone, a family owned and operated Kansas limestone quarry in Alma—the city of native stone. Founded in 2008, Flint Hills Stone prides itself in providing quality stone from their fourth generation family farm. Thanks to Alex and the entire Gnadt family for keeping the American Dream alive and well in Kansas.
Application deadline for Service Academy nominations is Friday, 9/27. Students who are still interested should call 800-205-6446.
The skills gap is a huge jobs issue we must address through workforce development reform. I talked about it during a visit to Plastic Technologies outside of Toledo on Friday.
My weekend project these past few weeks finally completed: a canoe/kayak rack I built under our deck.
In case you missed it: This morning, I appeared on Fox and Friends to discuss defunding Obamacare.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfDJ-nTdHdg
Sessions: "This is really offensive to me, and I think it should be to all Americans. This is the kind of leadership we have from corporate America?”
Sen. Sessions will be speaking on the Senate floor momentarily to discuss the effort to defund Obamacare. To listen live, please click here:
Sen. Sessions and Sen. Lee pen joint piece for Breitbart News:  “How can House leaders ask a single member of Congress to vote for step-by-step bills if they’re leaving the back door wide open to a comprehensive bill?  It’s not step-by-step if the bills are merged with the Senate monstrosity at a later date—either through a formal conference or a closed-door negotiation… If House members allow any of their proposals to be combined into an omnibus immigration bill, they would, in effect, allow White House strategists and their special interest allies to determine the final outcome of immigration much the way they shaped the creation of the original Gang of Eight bill. They would be handing the reins over to the very people who have made it their mission to suspend the constitutional rule of law in matters of immigration enforcement.”
NA
Congratulations to South Carolina's 2013 Principals of the Year, David McDonald from Indian Land Middle School, Kelvin Lemon of East Clarendon Middle/High School, and Dr. Charles Bagwell (not pictured) of Arcadia Elementary School!    Thank you to Mr. Lemon, Mr. McDonald, Dr. Bagwell, and all educators for all you give to teach and create opportunity for our children.
Icymi: Here's my conversation with Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski on Morning Joe today. We discussed #Obamacare, the debt limit, and more:
In case you missed it, Brian Kilmeade and I discussed #Obamacare on Fox & Friends this morning.
My heart goes out to those suffering from these despicable terror attacks in Nairobi, Kenya. Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers.
Great talking with Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade after Fox & Friends this morning. Thanks for having me!
Wicker Report | I remain a staunch opponent of the President’s health-care law and will continue to fight for its full repeal.  Our aim should be true health-care reform, not policies that force families and businesses to shoulder higher costs.  Read more by clicking the link below.
