Check out my op-ed in today's Concord Monitor - will continue the fight to cut funding for this wasteful program.
NA
NA
Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution gives the Senate the exclusive right to provide advice and consent to the President on treaties and nominations including Cabinet secretaries, federal judges, and ambassadors. In this edition of "From the Mailbag" Senator Boozman discusses this role and recent nominees to the Cabinet.
I have talked about the need for tax reform for many years now, and it remains a top priority of mine, but recently there has been a lot of talk about closing loopholes and exclusions in order to bring in more revenue and calling it ‘tax reform.’  Unfortunately, this increased revenue will not go to paying down our debt and deficit, but instead to increased spending.  Tax reform should include the elimination of loopholes in order to lower the rates and broaden the base.  As Charles Krauthammer notes in this article, ‘tax reform is a way not to fatten the Treasury but to clean the tax code.’
Dallas Morning News: Cornyn Calls Border Patrol Cutbacks 'Outrageous' and 'Reprehensible:'
Cornyn: "Admin’s actions amount to nothing short of a calculated, willful neglect of what should be top priority: keeping Americans safe:"
Cornyn Response to DHS Plan to Remove CBP Agents from Border:
Somebody tell POTUS: how higher interest rates will affect the debt.
Somebody tell Janet Napolitano: 71 illegal immigrants arrested at stash house in Pharr, Texas
Texas Trib: Perry, Cruz, Cornyn to Present United Front on Medicaid:
Do you believe welfare recipients should have to pass a drug test to qualify for benefits?
The energy sector ia the sleeping giant of the US economy
HHS Secretary admits many Americans will see higher, not lower costs, for health insurance under Obamacare
Sec. Napolitano, responsible for border security, says immigration reform shouldn't require a secure border
The Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress produced a video in honor of Senator Corker and Senator Mark Warner, the other award recipient. The video includes a section highlighting Senator Corker, which begins around the 11:10 mark. In the video, Senator Lamar Alexander speaks about Senator Corker’s approach to public service, saying, "I tell Tennesseans that if you wake up in the morning and you see something on television and you want to stand up and say, 'Why aren’t you doing that,' or, 'Why don’t you do that?,' Senator Corker is probably already up saying the same thing. He does his homework. He comes well-prepared. When he talks, we all listen. And he makes his own mind up. He’s an independent-minded fellow who in the end wants a result." Watch here: http://youtu.be/d2CqkOAJ_Z0.
Last Week, Senator Corker accepted the Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress’ Publius Award for his bipartisan leadership in Congress. The Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress was founded in 1965, inspired by President Eisenhower’s call for an organization to preserve the lessons of history for his successors. It is a nonpartisan, nonprofit policy and education organization that applies strategic thinking and the leadership lessons of history to critical national challenges and opportunities. The Publius Award draws its name from Founder Fathers Alexander Hamilton, John Jay and James Madison, who authored the Federalist Papers under the collective pseudonym, Publius. Past recipients include former President Gerald Ford, former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and former Senate Majority Leaders Howard Baker and Bill Frist. Read more: http://bit.ly/WS2srB.
Great honor to have the opportunity to meet with servicemen and women and tour Sheppard Air Force Base this afternoon.
Great to meet with Wichita Falls area job creators this afternoon.
Another study showing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is making health care less affordable.   LIKE if you think we should repeal Obamacare!
Good to see manufacturing alive and well at Hughes Brothers, Inc. this morning. It's important that these businesses have an economic environment in which they can continue to grow our economy and create jobs. Learn about my latest efforts to help relieve job creators of unnecessary burdens and roll back regulations here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/rolling-back-regulations
Senator Grassley Visits Local School
A conclusion I can draw fr most of 10 town meets I had mon &tues: Iowans think it stupid to give aid to Muslim brotherhood Egypt Pres
Grassley, Hatch Ask if Sequester Affects Health Exchange Set-up Grants
FranklinCo -56ppl Hampton.Qs abt DeptHS bullets, UNgunTreaty, Fast&Furious, sequester, FarmBill,Iraq, Biden$Paris, Guns, EgyptF-16s&SatMail
Thanks to everyone at Nevada Wolf Pack for the tour! #BattleBorn
I am looking forward to talking with Bob Schmidt this morning on Today's Talk 1490 WLFN in La Crosse at 7:15 am CT - be sure to tune in!
Here is a great interview I had with Emily Miller about the letter Senator Rand Paul, Senator Ted Cruz, and I sent to Senator Reid to inform him that we intend to ensure that gun control bills require at least 60 votes for passage.  From the article:  "The purpose of their opposition is to force Mr. Reid to get bipartisan support when attempting to abridge a constitutional right. 'Limiting the Second Amendment rights of our citizens should go forward only if we have substantial, bipartisan consensus, rather than just enough votes to get around the majority party’s dissenting viewpoint,' the Utah Republican told me."
I visited the southwest border with Senators Schumer, Flake and Bennet today.  We've made progress but more is needed to achieve our shared goal of securing our border.
The hemp legislation passed by the Kentucky General Assembly last night has the potential to provide an economic boost to Kentucky, create jobs and allow Kentucky farmers to harness the economic potential that industrial hemp can provide.
Very glad to be speaking to the Chugiak-Eagle River Chamber of Commerce today. I've been sick at home for days and I am happy to be well enough now to be out and about. I blame the Senate voting until 5am Saturday for getting me sick. My mother always said nothing good happens after midnight, and she was right! At the end of it all, we got this budget which I couldn't support. It's the first budget in four years, but it's not fiscally responsible.
I'm so proud of Alaska's veteran community and honored by all they have done, and continue to do, for our state and nation.  Today I'm sharing my tenth 'Veteran Spotlight' with the impressive story of Jim Vance, a Vietnam Vet and Purple Heart recipient. If you have a friend or family member that you think has a story to share, please nominate them via e-mail! http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b6880fd2-d70b-435e-870d-43ad7cb1a9cd&ContentType_id=b94acc28-404a-4fc6-b143-a9e15bf92da4&Group_id=c01df158-d935-4d7a-895d-f694ddf41624
New study shows Obamacare could raise claim costs in Ohio by 80.9% per person in the individual market by 2017.
I commend the Kentucky Legislature for passing the Industrial Hemp Bill last night, and vow to continue this fight on the federal level.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=760
Sessions will be on Greta Van Susteren tonight to discuss the controversy over public benefits for illegal immigrants. For those interested in the issue, be sure to watch the video below of the vote on Sessions’ illegal immigration amendment.
Sessions will be doing an interview on the Mark Levin Show at 6:30 PM CST to discuss the Senate Majority's plan to rush an immigration bill. You can listen live here:
The ICE Officers Union has joined the call from Sen. Sessions and Republican Judiciary Committee members for a more transparent process on immigration reform.
NA
Excited to learn about the work going on at the NEXT Innovation Center in Greenville
Really enjoyed talking with everyone at the Midlands office opening yesterday--glad to have this new location open to serve South Carolinians
ICYMI: A nonpartisan Congressional report makes the same case I did during our budget deliberations last week - that the Democrats' plan to hike taxes is impossible to achieve without raising them on middle-income families. There is a better way. Let's rein in the spending and restore some fiscal sanity to Washington.
This is very troubling news: the president's health care law will raise claims costs an average 32%. In Pennsylvania, these costs will rise 28%. This is one reason I continue to oppose the new law.
Here, my Lehigh Valley regional manager Marta Gabriel helps Carbon County residents at a casework day in Lehighton. My staff holds events like this across the state to help you with problems with federal agencies and programs. Be sure to check your local newspaper for a casework event near you.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, hosted a casework day for Carbon County residents at PA State Rep. Doyle Heffley's office in Lehighton. My staff and I are happy to help constituents with problems with federal agencies or programs.
