Today, on the six-year anniversary of the original approval request for the Keystone XL Pipeline, Sen. Alexander sent a letter with all 45 Republican senators to the president calling on him to approve the pipeline, saying, “it’s long past time to make a decision.”  “After six years of postponing thousands of shovel-ready jobs, the president should stop delaying this decision and approve the construction permit for a project that will create thousands of jobs, grow our economy, and improve our energy security by making use of more North American oil,” Alexander said. “The United States should not be held hostage by any other country because of our need for energy, and the president’s approval of Keystone would bring us one step closer to energy independence.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=d7c4500a-5754-40e2-8caf-6ab3bc3a904f
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we reaffirm our commitment to find our fallen heroes and bring them home. #NeverForgotten
Six years of stalling is enough. Americans are struggling to find jobs, yet President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Reid have played politics with American jobs and our nation’s energy security by delaying the bipartisan Keystone XL Pipeline. More American energy means more American jobs, and the Keystone XL Pipeline would help reduce our dependence on foreign oil and support tens of thousands of jobs nationwide. With so many Americans still searching for good-paying jobs, this decision should be common-sense. #KeystoneXL #KXL 
Last evening, I voted in favor of the CR which included language on ISIL. For the better part of a year, I’ve called for action to curb ISIL’s inhumane and brutal terror campaign.  It is in our national interests to destroy ISIL and we should use all appropriate tools to do so.
Today marks the sixth anniversary of TransCanada’s application to build the Keystone XL pipeline, the largest, ready-to-build infrastructure project in the United States.     There is absolutely no reason for President Obama to slow-walk this important project any longer. Rather than blame congressional gridlock, President Obama can help reverse unemployment and increase American energy independence with the stroke of his pen by approving this project.
NA
Yesterday evening, I voted against passage of the short-term funding bill before the Senate.  For far too long, Congress has neglected the critical budget and appropriations process, becoming almost solely reliant on irresponsible stop-gap measures.  With our national debt exceeding an overwhelming $17 trillion, Congress can no longer shirk its responsibility to make the hard decisions.  Allowing funding for federal programs to go unchecked year after year diminishes Congress’ oversight and responsibilities and worsens our deteriorating fiscal picture.  As a nation, we cannot afford to maintain this dangerous status quo. 
TransCanada submitted its application for a permit to build the Keystone XL Pipeline six years ago today.  The Administration continues to delay this pipeline and job creator despite time and time again claiming to support an “all-of-the-above” energy approach.
NA
Congrats to Marv Esterly and the folks at Midland International Airport, now Midland International Air & Space Port, which just received its FAA license to become the nation’s first commercial airport to also handle space flights. It was great visiting with airport & local leaders last month to hear more details about spaceport plans.
The United States Senate this week unanimously passed a resolution offered by Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senators Chris Coons (D-Del.), Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) and Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) recognizing the severe threat posed by the outbreak of Ebola in West Africa and the support provided by the United States government, African partners, the United Nations, World Health Organization, and the international community to confront Ebola, as well as the additional U.S. commitment recently announced by President Obama.  “The U.S. has a vital role to play in leading the global response to defeat this deadly outbreak that is growing increasingly difficult to contain,” Corker said. “The international intervention needs to be scaled up to meet the scope of this challenge as research for new therapies and vaccines continues.”
Senator Corker issued the following statement after voting for a three-month authorization to arm and train the moderate Syrian opposition in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS):   “Thus far, the administration has been sophomoric, vague and unprepared to define an approach to ISIS that meets any test of seriousness. I am willing to give the administration three months to try to develop a training program in hopes it can be a small seed for a building block to create the coalition they have cited. By December 11, we will know if the administration has developed a more realistic effort. At that time, I believe they will be exercising extremely poor judgment if they do not seek explicit authorization from Congress for the campaign they develop to deal with ISIS.”  Corker has long been a supporter of the U.S. providing limited lethal and non-lethal assistance and training to vetted, moderate rebels against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. In May 2013, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed the Syria Transition Support Act, by a vote of 15-3, legislation introduced by Corker and committee Chairman Senator Robert Menendez (D-N.J.). Training the moderate opposition in an effort dedicated to ISIS is a very different undertaking.   The legislation passed the Senate 78 to 22 and will be sent to the president to be signed into law.
Get the latest on efforts to #StopObamasAmnesty, destroy ISIS, and prevent our lawless president from continuing his plans that threaten the economy and our national security. Read and share our newsletter:
Take time today and every day to remember and pray for America's prisoners of war and those who are missing in action, as well as their families, friends and loved ones. Because of your sacrifice, your service, and your dedication to our nation, we can be free. You are not forgotten. #POWMIADay
ISIS represents a direct and growing threat to the United States. They have brutally murdered Americans on the world stage and there are reports of jihadists being urged to strike targets such as Times Square, the Las Vegas Strip, and even locations in Texas.  I am encouraged by passage of this bill and it is my hope the House will join in unity with the Senate, and give President Obama the opportunity to send an emphatic message to the world that we will hunt down and punish these killers and anyone else who seeks to harm U.S. citizens.
Six years ago today, TransCanada applied to build the Keystone XL pipeline. That’s six years without the jobs this project would create here in America. #TimeToBuild
Last night the Senate was once again forced to take a vote on a spending bill to fund the government without being able to offer any amendments and without any meaningful debate. It was a take it or leave it vote with a $1.1 trillion annual rate of spending. For all these reasons and more I voted against the bill. This is not how Congress was designed to work. It’s not how it should work. It’s not how it could work. These catch-all spending bills with no opportunities for amendments are part of the reason we have a country deep in debt and a Congress with an approval rating lower than root canals or colonoscopies.
Today I had the privilege to greet a group of Buffalo County Korean War veterans and their families visiting Washington, DC. I'm so grateful for the chance to thank these men and women for their service. I appreciate those who work with the Hero Flight program, which makes these visits possible.
In twenty min I will be tweeting UNI v Loyola volley ball  women of course
Sorry Agatha I misspelled your name in last Tweet. Thx Agatha Fenech of Cedar Falls 4 work 2 educate ppl abt where food comes from
Happy to have helped shepherd Fish Springs Ranch Water Settlement legislation to the President's desk for signature:
NA
“We met with Col. Koprowski to ensure the Corps is moving forward with flood protection projects for the Souris River Basin. The Minot area is coming back better than ever following historic flood in 2011. We need to ensure that we put in place a comprehensive flood protection plan to protect the community as efficiently and effectively as possible and the Corps plays a big role in that.”
It has become very clear this week that the President is ignoring the advice of his military leaders on what it may take to defeat ISIS. The Washington Post has a good read on this here: http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/rift-widens-between-obama-us-military-over-strategy-to-fight-islamic-state/2014/09/18/ebdb422e-3f5c-11e4-b03f-de718edeb92f_story.html?wprss=rss_national-security
My top priority during my #AugustofAction was listening to you - I traveled 2,039 miles across our state. From Rockford to Granite City, during August I worked to ensure everyone has a voice in DC.  Watch this video to see what I accomplished:
#ISIS has abducted, raped and forced into marriage thousands of women. I founded the Senate Human Rights Caucus w/ U.S. Senator Chris Coons to fight human rights atrocities & groups like #ISIS. Watch this video to learn about the Senate Human Rights Caucus: 
Yesterday I voted against the Continuing Resolution that is a product of a dysfunctional law-making process.  One of the most important and solemn duties we have as members of Congress is to authorize the use of military force and ask the brave men and women in our armed services to put their lives in harm’s way.  It is a gross dereliction of that duty – and an insult to those men and women – to tack on a military authorization to a must-pass spending bill, just so members of Congress can hurry back home.  If the United States is going to escalate our involvement in a brutal conflict overseas, if we are going to send American troops to arm and train Syrian rebels for their fight against ISIS, we need to debate that decision on its own merits, not as a condition of funding the government. This is the only way for this issue to receive the careful attention and robust debate that it deserves.  I asked the Senate to debate this measure separately from the CR, and my request was denied.
“This legislation is about honoring the sacrifices of those on the front-line in protecting Kentucky communities, state and local law enforcement officers, and ensuring the surviving families of those killed in action are treated the same as federal officers,” Senator McConnell said. “I have heard from friends in Kentucky law enforcement who support this common sense measure and I proudly stand with them.”
Last week I had the honor to represent the U.S. at the Council of Arctic Parliamentarians summit to present America's priorities to the region's representatives. As I keep saying, America really needs to step up its leadership as an Arctic nation.  This Fairbanks editorial really nails it the issue on the head, and uses a very colorful and accurate word to describe our efforts thus far: flailing.
Today I cast my vote to keep the government open and open a brief window to see if our ISIS strategy is feasible. Here’s an explanation of my vote: http://1.usa.gov/XOys3u
We observe National POW/MIA Recognition Day today and pray for all those who have sacrificed so much for our nation. You are not forgotten.
For 6 years the Obama Administration has stalled the Keystone Pipeline. Our nation needs the jobs and the energy now.
I was honored to receive the The National Federation of Independent Business' (NFIB) “Guardian of Small Business” award for my voting record supporting America’s small-business owners in the 113th Congress.
Senate Passes Bill To Offer Reward For Information On The Murders Of American Journalists: http://1.usa.gov/1r6b90P  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Bill Nelson (D-FL) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) today hailed the Senate’s unanimous passage of a bill authorizing up to $10 million in rewards for information leading up to the arrest and conviction of any individuals involved in the kidnapping and murders of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, who were natives of New Hampshire and Florida, respectively.   The bill would update the State Department’s Rewards for Justice Program to offer a reward to anyone who provides information leading to the arrest or conviction of any individual responsible for committing, conspiring or aiding in the commission of the kidnapping and murders of Foley and Sotloff. Since the inception of the Rewards for Justice Program in 1984, the U.S. has paid more than $125 million to over 80 people who provided actionable information that put terrorists behind bars or prevented acts of international terrorism worldwide.   “One way we can honor the memories of James Foley and Steven Sotloff is to bring their evil murderers to justice, which this measure will help do,” said Senator Rubio. “I hope the House approves this at the earliest possible opportunity so that the President can sign it into law. It’s important that we send a powerful message to the Foley and Sotloff families, to the American people and to the world that the United States will work tirelessly to ensure that the deaths of these beloved journalists does not go unpunished.”  
Today marks 6 years since the Keystone XL Pipeline application was submitted to the State Department, yet the President still has not made a decision.    This week I joined my Senate Republican colleagues in sending a letter to President Obama urging him to approve the pipeline immediately.  Read our letter here: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve?File_id=40ac1161-6859-44f6-ac26-25a7c41e76e7&SK=C96B9B016DCF482E0A748F0F80156CBC
Today is National POW/MIA Recognition Day-- a time to remember those who were prisoners of war and those missing in action. You are not forgotten.
NA
NA
Had a great time visiting the kids of Belle Hall Elementary School today, and thanks for all the birthday wishes!
Happy Birthday to Senator Scott from his staff!
NA
Today is National POW/MIA Recognition Day. As we continue our quest for peace, let us honor prisoners of war, our missing, and their families and reaffirm our commitment to account for them.
Happy Friday, PA! Catch up on my work this week with my latest newsletter.
Passage of this legislation is an important victory in the fight against muscular dystrophy.
