Today marks 1,400 days since the Democrat-controlled Senate last passed a budget.  In that amount of time, you could climb Mount Everest almost 300 times, take 179 trips to the Moon, or build 3 Pentagons.
 
 Americans are tired of spending showdowns, and the President and Congress must work together on a serious plan that reduces wasteful spending, reforms our broken tax code, and puts our entitlement programs on a sustainable path. And that starts with adopting a fiscally responsible budget.
A lot has happened in the 1,400 days since the Democrat-controlled Senate passed a budget. Tell the Majority that we must rein in reckless spending by sharing our latest web video.
Senator McCaskill and I are demanding answers from Obama Administration on the St. Johns Bayou & New Madrid Floodway Project. This is another outrageous example of the government arguing with the government while nothing is accomplished.
President Obama first proposed sequestration. He insisted it become law, and even threatened to veto a bill that would have replaced the sequester late last year. These spending cuts are going to happen. The question is whether President Obama will offer achievable, targeted spending cuts.
Today marks 1,400 days – nearly four years – since the Democrat-controlled Senate passed a federal budget. Tell Senate Democrats it’s time to work together and pass a plan that reins in Washington’s reckless spending.
In the 1400 days since the Senate passed a budget, you could have driven from Manteo, NC to Murphy, NC 3,952 times.
10,500,000,000 Krispy Kreme donuts have been sold since Senate Democrats last passed a budget. 
 
 If you are ready for a budget, share this with your friends.
Today marks the 1400th day since Senate Democrats last fulfilled their constitutional obligation to pass a budget. The result has been wasteful spending, higher deficits, and less opportunity for Americans.  Below I've linked to a blog addressing the lack of action and its impact on the American people. Click 'like' if you agree we need a budget.
Today marks 1,400 days since the Senate Majority last past a budget. The average American family doesn't have the luxury to spend in this type freewheeling manner. If you or I tried to run our household this way, the bank would cut us off. However, there is no penalty when the Senate does it—until now. Read more in this blog post that includes a link to the Republican Caucus's new "Pass a Budget" website.
The President is threatening us with worse-case scenarios. USDA needs to protect the public and conduct meat and poultry inspections. Read the letter we signed to Agriculture Sec. Tom Vilsack.
Parkinson's Disease advocates from El Dorado and Benton came to DC to discuss biomedical research. Appreciate their time and commitment.
On MSNBC's "Morning Joe" earlier today, Joe Scarborough highlighted a Senate Republican Policy Committee chart that shows the REAL impact of the sequester. Look closely!
Idahoans always have great wisdom to offer on our nation’s challenges and this continued today when the U.S. Senate hosted a Guest Chaplain, from Rigby, Idaho. I greatly value the opening prayer Chaplin Derrick offered and enjoyed welcoming him to the U.S. Senate.
Before Ronald Derrick from Rigby, ID, delivered the opening prayer, Senate Chaplain Barry Black and I welcomed him to the U.S. Senate as today’s Guest Chaplain.
VIDEO: Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said at today’s Senate Banking hearing that there are ways we can reform Dodd-Frank. We should get to work soon.
"My heart breaks for the family of Matthew Denger.  Matthew accomplished so much in his young life and, because of his dedication and enthusiasm, we have made considerable progress in the fight against Duchenne and other forms of muscular dystrophy.  I will miss him."
 
 (Matthew is on the right, next to his Dad, Brian.  Across from his is his Mom, Alice, and his brother, Patrick.)
Great meeting with Dr. Pryor of Scott & White Healthcare:
PJ Media: Cornyn Bill Aims to Stop Back-Door Endangered Species Settlements
Another bogus sequester scare tactic
VIDEO: Cornyn - 1400 Days Since Senate Dems Passed a Budget:
Unbelievable DHS releasing ppl from detention even before the sequester starts
1400 days since D-controlled Senate passed a budget
Factoids on sequester: "Even after the sequester, the federal government will spend $15 billion more than it did last year, and 30% more than it spent in 2007. Government spending on nondefense discretionary programs will be 19.2% higher and spending on defense will be 13.8% higher than it was in 2007."  Courtesy of former Senator Phil Gramm in WSJ.
Statesman: Cornyn, Carter Ask for Extension of Salamander Comment Period
Federal spending up 19% in 4 yrs, sequester cuts 2.4%, NYT headline reads: "Austerity Kills Government Jobs as Cuts to Budgets Loom"  No end to silliness and misinformation
Today marks the 1,400th day since the Democrat-controlled Senate passed a budget. Last month, Senator Corker said, “Failing to pass a budget and accomplish this most basic responsibility of government is a total failure of leadership and represents everything the American people hate about Washington. If Congress can’t perform its most basic responsibility, I worry how we’ll ever demonstrate the courage needed to make the tough decisions necessary to put our country on a path to fiscal solvency.” Like and Share if you agree.
I’m pleased to have the opportunity to work directly with legislation to reform and modernize our complex tax system as the Republican Leader of the Senate Finance Subcommittee on Taxation and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Oversight.
One symptom of deal making instead of legislating is the “contrived crisis”.  An end-of-the-world date is set in order to create urgency and generate publicity.  Legislating is a better way.  Budgets and problems are considered by relevant committees. Amendments and changes are made then the same is done on the floor.  It doesn’t make as much news, but it allows solutions to be done on time and avoid a “crisis”.
Today officially marks the 1,400th day since the Senate passed a budget. Washington cannot continue the same bad spending habits that have led to trillion dollar deficits and a national debt of more than $16.5 trillion. It’s time for the federal government to do what families and businesses across Nebraska have done: implement a responsible plan to spend within its means. Like and share if you agree that we cannot wait any longer to pass a balanced budget.
NA
Right now, the Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on the Feinstein Assault Weapons Ban.  As for my view, the assault weapons ban didn't work then. It's not going to work now. I will oppose it.
Inspector General to Audit NASA Agreement
Floor Statement of Sen. Chuck Grassley on Jack Lew, Treasury Secretary Nominee,  Prior to Senate Vote
Jane Kelly who. Obama nominated to 8th Circuit Ct of Appeals is now before Judiciary for confirmation
Fisker Driving Taxpayer Money to China?
Grassley Presses for Details about Justice Department’s Sequester Plans
Congress has not passed a budget in nearly four years, and our nation is over $16.6 trillion in debt. The uncertainty caused from Congress’s consistent failure to set a budget threatens the future of our children and grandchildren, as well as the economic recovery that our nation and Nevada need.
 
 Clearly Washington is broken. Passing a budget every year is one of Congress’s basic responsibilities. More must be done to hold Members of Congress accountable for their failure to do their job. I’m pleased that President Obama signed ‘No Budget, No Pay’ into law, but Congress should move to make this principle permanent so that Congress is forced to pass a budget on time, every year. Everyday Nevadans work hard for their paychecks and Washington should be held to the same standard.
 http://1.usa.gov/YZzMLF
Had a great discussion with Rare Disease Legislative Advocates about rare disease research and prevention. Thanks for stopping by the office!
Alarming New York Times Report that our negotiators want to weaken sanctions and let Iran keep nuclear capabilities
Our men and women in uniform shouldn't have to come home and fight just to make ends meet.   The Veterans Jobs Caucus demonstrates a commitment to put more than two million returning skilled service members back to work.   As a U.S. Navy Reservist, I have served with some of the most talented men and women our nation has to offer, and it is heartening that business leaders across the country recognize the tremendous value these veterans possess.
Great meeting with New York City Mayor Bloomberg to discuss how to keep illegal guns out of the hands of drug gangs.
Today marks 1,400 days since Democrats in the Senate have passed a budget.  The Senate Republican Conference put together this site to draw attention to this negligence, and to highlight Republican efforts to introduce and pass reasonable budgets and structural spending reforms.
With a government that spends over $3 trillion dollars a year, we can find other areas to cut besides border security.
Secretary Duncan is holding a press conference right now threatening to fire teachers.  With an annual budget that is almost the size of the economy of Germany, I think the federal government can find other places to cut besides teacher salaries that are mostly funded with local tax dollars.
We should cut the governmentwide improper and abusive use of premium class travel by government employees before we cut the hours of air traffic controllers.
NA
Sen. McConnell enjoyed meeting with Scouts from the Boy Scouts of America today when they stopped by his office to hand-deliver their Report to the Nation
Sen. McConnell enjoyed meeting with Scouts from the Boy Scouts of America today when they stopped by his office to hand-deliver their Report to the Nation.
Follow Mitch McConnell's office on Twitter: https://twitter.com/McConnellPress
Today, a statue of Rosa Parks was unveiled in the U.S. Capitol. This tribute to the life and legacy of Rosa Parks will serve as a reminder of her act of quiet courage that distinguished her as a catalyst of the modern civil rights movement—a contribution that forever changed our nation for the better. Let us follow Rosa Parks’ example that "each person must live their life as a model for others."
This week, I had the pleasure of getting to know General Paul Selva, Commander of Air Mobility Command (AMC). The AMC leads global mobility operations for our Armed Serves including the vital aerial refueling missions that Kansas-based Forbes Air Force Base and McConnell Air Force Base carry out on a daily basis. As the Air Force continues to evaluate base finalists for the new KC-46A tankers, I wanted General Selva to know the imperative and strategic role Kansas plays to execute global mobility with the airmen at McConnell and Forbes.
I had the opportunity to meet with residents of King Cove this afternoon in advance of their meeting with Sec. Salazar tomorrow. All they want is a simple 10 mile gravel road so they have access to life-saving emergency services, and Alaska is ready to do a 300-1 land swap with the federal government to make it happen. The fact that we have been in this fight with the Dept. of the Interior for years is unacceptable.  Sec. Salazar must put the health and safety of Alaskans above the inconvenience of migrating birds when deciding whether the land exchange is in the public interest.
I’ve said it before and I will say it again: the Violence against Women Act is too important to Alaskans and our country to give up on.  Today, I am reaching out to House Speaker John Boehner to urge him and the House to pass the bill.  I will continue to do everything I can to get VAWA through Congress.
Just wrapped up another teletownhall. I talked about getting Washington's budget under control through smart spending cuts, tax reform and modernizing entitlements.
President Obama's last budget detailed $520 billion over the next 10 years in cuts, consolidations, and savings. Flexibility would let sequestration start there. Too bad we still haven't seen the President’s budget for this year. We could have had updated cuts, consolidations and savings to look at.
Introduced the REINS Act today, which would require Congress to approve every new major rule proposed by the President, before it can be enforced on the American People.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=719
"I wish the sequester was about actually cutting spending.  Instead, it's belly aching about slowing down the rate of growth in spending."   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGizerBkFQg
More unfortunate scare tactics from the Obama Administration:   http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/teacher-pink-slips-claim-by-duncan-not-backed-by-evidence/2013/02/27/8a87aa2a-8113-11e2-b99e-6baf4ebe42df_story.html
VIDEO: Rubio Discusses Middle East Policy: http://1.usa.gov/13Zmwbk  Rubio: “I think the loss of Assad is the ultimate sanction against Iran.”
Following his trip to Jordan and Israel, Senator Rubio will be discussing U.S. policy toward the region at The Washington Institute for Near East Policy at 1pm. Watch live here: http://bit.ly/YzXbkI
Senator Rubio On The Unveiling Of Rosa Parks Statue:  “Today, as the statue of Rosa Parks is unveiled in the U.S. Capitol, Americans of all backgrounds have an opportunity to reflect on the life of a woman of extraordinary courage. In her simple act of civil disobedience, Rosa Parks earned her place as a champion of American civil rights and, more broadly, as an emblem of the human rights that belong to all mankind. Her statue in the Capitol will serve as a reminder to future generations of Americans that all people, regardless of race or background, deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. Important work remains to be done to ensure that people around the world have freedom, liberty and other basic human rights. I am honored to labor for that cause in the presence of this powerful monument to Ms. Parks and her legacy.”
NA
During the debate on Jack Lew’s nomination to be Treasury Secretary, Sen. Sessions cited as one more reason to oppose Lew the fact that according to Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Bob Woodward, the idea for sequestration (which Sessions voted against and has said unfairly targets defense while ignoring domestic reforms) actually originated with Mr. Lew: “In fact, he designed it… now he denies ever creating it in the first place.”
“Senator Sessions and Congressman Aderholt have been unbelievable to work with,” Crider said. “What really impressed me was this wasn’t all about helping out a Boeing, or some massive company. The effort they put in to help out our company, out here in Cullman County with 120 people, was great.”  Sessions visited HH Technologies as part of a regional industry tour Thursday to get a first hand look at the manufacturing operation the legislative work helped keep alive.  “It was a near run thing, and this company would’ve been hammered without relief,” Sessions said. “We finally got it through, and if that hadn’t happened, it may have been much longer before it was fixed ... It’s really pleasing for us.”
Sessions criticized the Administration for releasing hundreds of illegal aliens from federal custody over the weekend:   “The Administration’s forced release of those in ICE custody further reduces the chances of reaching a bipartisan immigration accord.  There is no logical or rational reason why the 5.3 percent cut to ICE’s operating budget would have to result in forcing law officers to immediately release already-apprehended illegal aliens and fugitives in federal detention. The last thing you would do to meet a budget cut of this size would be to voluntarily undertake actions that undermine the rule of law and endanger the public safety. These savings could be much more safely and rationally achieved, considering that they will be distributed among such areas as facilities maintenance, equipment maintenance, communications, travel, etc. The Administration also had months to plan for this eventuality and could have developed numerous alternatives to this reckless action.  It is clear the Administration is using the sequester as a convenient excuse to bow to political pressure from the amnesty groups, as it did with its unilateral decision to confer legal status on millions who are not lawfully present. With this new action, the Administration has further demonstrated that it has no commitment to enforcing the law and cannot be trusted to deliver on any future promises of enforcement.”
It was truly an honor to attend the dedication of the Rosa Parks statue in the U.S. Capitol today, an event I will not soon forget.   Her courage, strength and determination, which came to light on a bus in Montgomery nearly 60 years ago, continues to inspire us all.  Her efforts helped to break barriers across our nation, and allowed future generations to accomplish things our parents or grandparents may not have thought possible.  As her likeness takes its place in the Capitol, Ms. Parks will rightfully stand beside a multitude of American heroes.   http://www.aoc.gov/sites/default/files/styles/artwork-node/public/images/artwork/8512482669_7e57587fed_b.jpg?itok=ArxN3RYZ
My statement on today's vote regarding the confirmation of Senator Chuck Hagel as Secretary of Defense.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339819
Flexibility.
I met with Friends of Flight 93 today to discuss completion of the 9/11 memorial in Somerset County, Pa. My wife, Kris, has been very involved in this project. During the meeting, we also shared our hopes that the USS Somerset, named in honor of these passengers, will be commissioned in Philly.
ICYMI: On Morning Joe today I shared more of my plan to give the president and agency leaders flexibility for smarter reductions on the sequester while still making sure that the overall spending cut targets are met.
I’m always grateful to hear from representatives of Pennsylvania’s law enforcement community.  My thanks to Joe Regan, Chairman of PA's Fraternal Order of Police’s Legislative Committee, for taking the time to come see me in Washington yesterday. Joe is a 28-year veteran of Lower Merion Township Police Department. Thank you, Joe, for all you do, and thanks to all those who serve in law enforcement.
I discussed sequestration last night on Special Report with Bret Baier. The plan Senator Jim Inhofe  & I are proposing will allow for flexibility for smarter reductions in overspending while still making sure that the overall spending cut targets are met. Do you think president and agency managers should be able to prioritize spending cuts rather than carry out across-the-board cuts?
I'll be on Morning Joe at 7:30 to discuss sequestration and my plan with  Senator Jim Inhofe to make these spending reductions in a smarter way. Hope you can tune in.
