Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) yesterday appeared on FOX News' "On the Record with Greta Van Susteren" to discuss the  Federal Circuit Court of Appeals panel's ruling Friday that President Obama violated the Constitution when he appointed three individuals to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012.  Alexander said, "The president exceeded his constitutional authority, and it's an important one because we don't want a tyrannical executive. I don't know what his thinking was, but he has a bad habit of forgetting there is a United States Senate. The constitution says there are 1,100 positions—like Secretary of State and member of the National Labor Relations Board—that require advice and consent of the Senate. And if you send someone up here that senators don't want to confirm, then they can't be confirmed."
TUNE IN: Sen. Alexander will be on MSNBC's "Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd" this morning at about 9:10 a.m. ET to discuss Obama's unconstitutional NLRB appointments and other headlines.
I also spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon about the NLRB’s decision to blatantly ignore the recent court ruling stating President Obama’s so-called “recess appointments” are unconstitutional.
I introduced legislation today to eliminate the salaries of President Barack Obama’s unconstitutional National Labor Relations Board appointees and block the board from taking any action until these appointees are legally confirmed. Take a moment to watch my interview on “Your World with Neil Cavuto” on Fox News discussing this important topic.
I really enjoyed Skyping with nearly 100 students at Bowling Green High School this morning during their mock legislature. Thanks so much for your insightful questions and keep up the great work.
Today, I Joined Mike Enzi and a bipartisan ICBM coalition in asking Chuck Hagel to clarify his position on the future of our ICBM force.
It has been 1,372 days since the Senate has passed a budget. Nearly four years. That is completely irresponsible. Every Hoosier family and every business in Indiana knows that you cannot be successful and financially sound without creating a budget. Restaurants and coffee shops create a budget. Little league baseball organizations have budgets. Our communities and states have budgets. But our U.S. government does not have a budget. Strengthening our country and putting us back on a sustainable path will not be easy; it will require some sacrifices, but these are the responsibilities we have and we must take this first step. It starts with a budget.
Today’s news that the economy contracted in the fourth quarter of 2012 is concerning, to say the least.  The last minute deal on the Fiscal Cliff and Washington’s out-of-control spending did not help.  This should be a wakeup call to the other party that jobs and economic growth should remain our top priority.
Will be on The Joe Pags Show at 5:15 ct to talk about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, tune in if you can
VIDEO: Chuck Hagel's Confirmation Conversion:
KWKT Waco: Cornyn Calls for Hearings on DoJ's Failure to Enforce Gun Laws
The Hill: Cornyn: Hagel Nomination Has 'Done Damage' to US Security
Cornyn: "I have a hard time telling my constituents in Texas that Congress is looking at passing a whole raft of new laws, when the laws that we currently have on the books are so woefully unenforced:"
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls for Hearings on DoJ's Failure to Enforce Gun Laws:
At Senate Judiciary Committee hearing: "What Should America Do About Gun Violence?"  Tune in.
I'll be on The Mark Davis Show at 9:35 AM est/8:35ct to talk about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, tune in if you can
Cornyn OpEd: The Case Against Hagel:
Senator John Barrasso and I joined the bipartisan Senate Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) Coalition in requesting that Secretary of Defense nominee, Senator Chuck Hagel, clarify his position on the future of our ICBM force as a nuclear deterrent. The letter was sent today. Click on the link below to learn more and to read the full letter text.
Immigration is going to be a major issue this year. My general view is that we need tall fences and wide gates. We have to welcome those who have come for the right reasons and in the right way.
NA
Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun control is streaming now.
U
Sorry to read of 92yr old Ambassador Max Kampelman dying. He was a person who worked real hard to free Jews fr USSR at time I crusaded same
Lack of HUD Transparency Causes Problems
Senators question U.S. penalties against Wall Street banks as too lenient
Pleased to work with Senator Kelly Ayotte to prevent new taxes on Internet access. http://1.usa.gov/UDOuZn
“The Library of Congress Junior Fellows Summer Intern program offers North Dakota students an incredible opportunity to gain unique access to the world’s largest, all-inclusive library and the talented individuals who run it. This fellowship is a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I encourage North Dakota college and graduate students to apply for this summer internship. Click the link for more information. The application deadline is Monday, Feb. 11."
Why I voted no for Sen. Kerry as the next Secretary of State: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=88a7e2c6-e6f3-97ab-b976-efc877cbb02e&Region_id=&Issue_id=
This week, I personally spoke with each of the service chiefs, and the resounding message I've heard is that doing nothing to fix defense sequestration is unacceptable and will result in long-term damage to military readiness and capabilities. I will do everything in my power to see these defense cuts averted, and am working with my colleagues to find a legislative solution.
NA
Gun trafficking is allowing gangs and violence to flourish in Chicago. The Chicago Crime Commission reported that Chicago Police confiscate an average of 13,000 illegal weapons each year. Last summer, gang violence killed 500 men, women and children in Chicago. We must put a stop to this cycle, which is why I have joined with Senator Gillibrand to take serious action to prevent straw purchases and ensure that law enforcement has the tools it needs to crack down on illegal weapons trafficking.
Here is the video clip of the questions I asked during today's hearing in the Judiciary Committee on gun control:
Looking forward to talking about immigration and more with Senator Chuck Schumer and Politico's Mike Allen at  tomorrow's Playbook Breakfast. More information here: http://www.politico.com/events/
It’s the Kansas Beef Council, Kansas Department of Agriculture and Kansas Department of Education's Kansas Beef Day for Kansas School Lunch Week.  Today, I took time to eat hamburgers with my interns and staff to show our support. We hope you’ll join Kansans across the state to celebrate an important part of our state’s agricultural industry.
Out-of control government spending has increased our national debt to a record $16 trillion and counting, and if left unchecked it will have a disastrous impact on the future of our nation. No country, business or family can operate responsibly without a budget – yet Washington has not passed a budget in 1,372 days. That is why I’ve signed on as a sponsor of Sen. Heller’s #nobudgetnopay Act. We must set a budget that lowers spending and live by it. If Congress does not do its job, we should not get paid.
It’s Kansas Beef Day. Join Kansans in celebrating an important industry in our state and #eatbeef.
I was recently visited by an Alaskan educator who raised concerns that food at school was being wasted due to federal limitations. Today I read an interesting article about how one group of college students saw the food being thrown out at their school and wondered if it has to be that way.  Something to think about…
It's a packed house at the annual AEDC Economic Forecast Luncheon today.  As we learn about what the year ahead holds for Alaska's largest city, I am working on new legislation that will transfer ownership of 3 pieces of land in Downtown Anchorage from the federal government to the Muni- providing new opportunities for economic development in Anchorage.
Looks like the cold snap that enveloped most of our state has broken, at least a bit.  Hopefully everyone’s pipes, fuel bills, fingers and toes fared OK.  Now the blizzards and freezing rain begin.  Stay safe out there!
I was so honored to receive the United States Navy’s Distinguished Public Service Award from U.S. Navy Secretary Ray Mabus today that I was speechless- that never happens!
About to dial into our teletownhall, will be talking to a few thousand Ohioans tonight about the issues impacting their lives.  Important way to keep in touch with Ohio families, get feedback and ensure their voices are heard.
Check out Toledo Blade editorial today re our Second Chance Act & how addressing prisoner reentry can save taxpayers money
Congrats to Cincinnati’s St. Xavier’s Coach Steve Specht on being named Don Shula NFL High School Coach of the Year: http://cin.ci/11fTI1J
During the debate on USDA's School Lunch Program regulations that left active kids hungry, I heard from parents, school administrators, and students like Lindsey Heward of Osage City High School. I shared the concerns with USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack. They were heard loud and clear. The USDA ultimately provided additional flexibility in implementing changes to school meals. I entered this valuable advice from Lindsey and others into the Congressional Record. See it on page 29 here: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CREC-2013-01-28/pdf/CREC-2013-01-28-senate.pdf
I was honored to receive the Wheat Advocate Award from the Kansas Wheat Growers and National Association of Wheat Growers (NAWG). I am also proud that three of my staff members from the Senate Agriculture Committee were recognized for their leadership on behalf of the wheat industry. Thanks to Tara Smith, Joel Leftwich (Wellington native) and Max Fisher (St. John native) for their hard work.
I had the honor and privilege of meeting with my fellow Marine, Lieutenant General Robert Schmidle, this morning. Lt. General Schmidle serves as the United States Marine Corps’ Deputy Commandant for Aviation. He previously served as Deputy Commander for U.S. Cyber Command.
 
 We were able to discuss the changes facing the Department of Defense, including sequestration, the Joint Strike Fighter and V-22 programs, women in combat, and outgoing Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta.
Senator Rubio Meets With New Commander For U.S. Southern Command, General John Kelly: http://1.usa.gov/TcFQld
Rubio: Applying Conservative Principles To Immigration: http://1.usa.gov/WQGMtF
Senator Rubio Discusses Immigration Reform on with Mark Levin: http://1.usa.gov/VW8jtT  Mark Levin: “What you are proposing – this is going to be controversial, but I am going to say it – is actually more conservative than the 1986 Simpson-Mazzoli bill that my hero, my former boss, Ronald Reagan signed. I just want people to know that.”
READ: Sen. Shelby introduces dual fiscal proposals http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/01/sen_shelby_pushes_flat_tax_bal.html#incart_river_default
Sessions introduces bill to create pro-worker energy policy:  “America is sitting on vast areas of untapped energy resources. These resources—many of which exist in our nation’s offshore areas—belong to the American people and yet they remained locked away. This bill will put these resources to use and create countless good-paying jobs and generate wealth at home instead of sending it overseas.  This is part of a broader effort to defend domestic manufacturing and industry, US workers, and families by keeping down the cost of energy and strengthening our competitiveness.”
Continuing my efforts to protect YOUR tax dollars from wasteful spending, I have signed on as an original cosponsor of legislation permanently banning earmarks.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339471
I'll be on with Darryl Berger on WNPV1440AM in just a bit. We'll talk term limits and my bill to ban earmarks. Hope you can tune in:
Ugh. GDP down 0.1.  This is the worst growth since 2Q 2009. We need pro-growth tax reform now more than ever. Will the White House and Senate Democrats listen?
Earlier today, I met with Russian Ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak to urge him to work to end the ban on adoptions by U.S. families.  I will continue working with my colleagues to resolve this terrible issue.  Find out more: http://www.wicker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=NewsRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=8d85a3db-f1c9-668b-1fec-e8f0b9573f64
