Today, Senator Alexander announced his opposition to the Senate Democrats’ attempt to change the First Amendment of the Constitution to give politicians in Washington the power to limit voters’ right to free speech, saying, “No Tennessean should have to ask Congress, ‘Mother, May I?’ before exercising the right to free speech.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=e2ba0e30-ea70-4f4a-8c3f-2ad034df2183
Today Senator Ayotte helped introduced a bipartisan bill authorizing up to $10 million in rewards for information leading up to the arrest and conviction of any individuals involved in the kidnapping and murders of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff.  Terrorists around the world must know that if they harm Americans, we will hunt them down and bring them to justice. Read more: 
During a special ceremony at Pease Air National Guard base on Sunday, Senator Ayotte praised the members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing for competing successfully to be the first Air National Guard unit in the country to receive the new KC-46A Pegasus refueling tanker. In August, the Air Force announced that Pease had officially been selected as the new home to the KC-46A. Senator Ayotte has advocated for Pease to receive the tanker since 2011. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1574
NA
It was great to celebrate Conway’s new airport. This is vital to job creation in the region and will provide many benefits to the community. I congratulate everyone who worked hard to make this happen. Read the Log Cabin Democrat & thecabin.net http://bit.ly/1w8SMeL
Condolences to the family of former Butler University (Official Page) President Bobby Fong, who passed away this morning
This week, a member of my staff will visit Jennings, Elkhart, Bartholomew and LaGrange counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Tuesday, September 9  North Vernon  1:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. ET North Vernon City Hall 143 E. Walnut St., North Vernon, IN  Thursday, September 11  Elkhart 9:30 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. ET Elkhart Public Library 300 S. Second St., Elkhart, IN  Columbus 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. ET Columbus City Hall 123 Washington St., Columbus, IN  Topeka 2:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET Topeka Branch Library 133 S. Main St., Topeka, IN
The Spokesman-Review reported on my efforts to seek meaningful ways in which veterans services can be improved in Idaho.   Throughout the past month, I sat down with veterans groups throughout the state and invited Idahoans to provide input about their experiences with the VA, both positive and negative, through participating in a short survey.     So far, I have received more than 800 responses.  The input of Idahoans is very valuable as we work together to tackle these significant national challenges.  I encourage veterans, their communities, friends and families to provide feedback through the short and straightforward questionnaire: http://goo.gl/nnCpGB 
VIDEO - Cornyn: Push to Gut First Amendment Reflects Senate Democrats’ Misplaced Priorities:
DEA Implements Cornyn-Klobuchar Law to Help Curb Prescription Drug Abuse:
We should take common sense steps to make fighting for, or supporting ISIS, an affirmative renunciation of American citizenship. We know today that there are over a hundred Americans who have joined ISIS, who have taken up arms alongside the Jihadists, along with thousands of others from the European Union. And we also know that they are trying to return to their countries of origin to carry out terrorist attacks there. We know this because on May 24, an ISIS member returned to Belgium, where he attacked innocent visitors at a Jewish museum, slaughtering four people. And it was reported today that he had been plotting an even larger attack on Paris on Bastille Day. In addition, on August 11 of this year, an accused ISIS sympathizer, Donald Ray Morgan, was arrested at JFK airport trying to reenter the United States. We know that this threat is real.  That is why I have today filed legislation, the Expatriate Terrorist Act of 2014, which would amend the existing statute governing renunciation of United States citizenship to designate fighting for a hostile foreign government or foreign terrorist organization as an affirmative renunciation of citizenship. By fighting for ISIS, U.S. citizens have expressed their desire to become citizens of the Islamic State, and that cannot and will not peacefully coexist with remaining American citizens. The desire to become a citizen of a terrorist organization that has expressed a desire to wage war on the American people, has demonstrated a brutal capacity to do so, murdering American civilians on the global stage and promising to bring that Jihad home to America. We should not be facilitating their efforts by allowing fighters fighting alongside ISIS to come back to America with American passports and walk freely in our cities to carry out unspeakable acts of terror. It is my hope that the legislation I'm introducing today will earn support on both sides of the aisle, that we will see this body come together and say while there are many partisan issues that divide us, when it comes to protecting United States citizens from acts of terror, we are all as one.
The Secretary of Defense says more than 100 Americans are fighting with ISIS.   SHARE if you support my bill to make sure they never come back to the US!
With the announcement that he will act alone on immigration reform after the November elections, the president has made what was already a political move even more transparently political. Such action will make genuine reform of our immigration system even more difficult.
My latest column "Working For You" highlights my time visiting w/ Nebraskans across the state in August http://1.usa.gov/1rTwvki. Senate is back in session today – we need votes on policies that address weak job growth, not more show votes. Like if you agree! 
“North Dakota’s businesses and universities are at the cutting-edge of scientific and technological development. These funds will help Laserlith and UND continue to create solutions and research new alternatives for problems facing wireless and radio communication.”
“We can secure a healthier America through forward-thinking medical research. These funds will help provide practical and cutting-edge health services to our Native American communities in North Dakota, while also giving students a great opportunity to become involved in medical research.” 
Today, Foreign Policy published my op-ed on how the Obama Administration is letting Russia off the hook as Putin seeks to build up his country's nuclear arms. I hope you will take a moment to read how the United States should be responding to Russia's nuclear provocation: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/foreign-policy-its-time-to-stop-putins-nuclear-arms-buildup
Take a look at Senator Johnson's newsletter to see what he was up to this August.  
Today I'm flying to Skagway to meet with local leaders and visit with students at the Skagway City School. What a beautiful day for flying!
I really appreciate FCC Commissioner Michael O'Rielly taking the time to come up to Alaska this past August, travelling around our state, visiting state and local officials, meeting with tribal organizations, and learning about Alaska’s unique geography and communication challenges. He had some interesting observations about distance learning and health care technologies that are worth taking a look at.   Read his blog report about his trip here: http://www.fcc.gov/blog/alaska-lessons-learned. 
Touching Fox News segment on how the city of Eastlake, Ohio commemorates 9/11 in a solemn ceremony every year. Watch below: 
MUST-READ: This is why the government should never control the internet  http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/14/this-is-why-the-government-should-never-control-the-internet/
In case you missed it, NBC aired special coverage of the humanitarian mission trip in Guatemala.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giSk8cezq1E
Join me and the Kansas Farm Bureau in opposing the EPA's proposed Waters of the U.S. rule change. #DitchtheRule
Rubio, Colleagues Introduce Bill To Offer Reward For Information On The Murders Of American Journalists: http://1.usa.gov/1q9598e  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), joined by Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Bill Nelson (D-FL), today introduced a bill authorizing up to $10 million in rewards for information leading up to the arrest and conviction of any individuals involved in the kidnapping and murders of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff.     The bill would update the State Department’s Rewards for Justice Program to offer a reward to anyone who provides information leading to the arrest or conviction of any individual responsible for committing, conspiring or aiding in the commission of the kidnapping and murders of Foley and Sotloff.    Since the inception of the Rewards for Justice Program in 1984, the U.S. has paid more than $125 million to over 80 people who provided actionable information that put terrorists behind bars or prevented acts of international terrorism worldwide.   “James Foley and Steven Sotloff nobly risked their lives in the pursuit of truth, and the United States will not stand idly by after two of its own were brutally murdered at the hands of fundamentally evil and freedom-hating extremists,” said Senator Rubio. “This bill is a symbol of our commitment to their parents that America will not rest until justice is served, and let it serve as a clear message to ISIL that we will stop at nothing to ensure the deaths of these beloved journalists do not go unpunished.”  
Sen. Sessions is speaking now on the Senate floor about the President's announcement that he will grant executive amnesty after the midterms.
RIP Truett Cathy. A Chick-fil-A operator changed my life, and it wouldn't have been possible without Mr. Cathy.
The mismanagement and unethical behavior at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is a profound failure to honor our Vets. With my support, we enacted reforms and new funding for the VA. But more needs to be done. http://bit.ly/1rTlUpr
Wicker Report | The world is looking to America for leadership. We must have a comprehensive strategy to confront both the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) as well as Vladimir Putin’s aggression in Ukraine. A key component of any such strategy is the military power of the United States and the resolve to project that power when necessary.
