LIKE or SHARE if you think President Obama should have listened to Republicans during the 2010 White House health-care summit:  The White House announced Thursday that it would now allow Americans to replace their canceled health care plans to instead purchase “catastrophic” coverage. Sen. Alexander said: “Republicans have suggested that to provide health coverage for more Americans, everyone should have the opportunity to buy affordable catastrophic insurance as part of a private-sector plan to create more competition, offer more choices, and lower costs. This is a completely different approach and would have been a better path than Obamacare. It was suggested by Republicans – and ridiculed by the president – at the 2010 White House health-care summit.” http://1.usa.gov/1a0nSGa
The Peace Corps organization announced recently that out of 50 states Idaho comes in at No. 7 with the highest number of peace corp volunteers.  This is the second year Idaho ranks in the top 10 with the highest number of volunteers. The state went from being No. 10 to No. 7 in one year.  This is a wonderful testament to the great people of the Gem State and our sense of volunteerism and devotion to helping others.
Remember this? IRS Scandal, Day 226
O-care: "The willingness to take large risks with the program’s stability indicates that the administration thinks it has a huge amount to lose -- that the White House is in a battle for the program’s very existence, not a few marginal House and Senate seats."
Today, Robba and I watched the nationally-ranked KU Jayhawks defeat the Georgetown Hoyas at Allen Fieldhouse by a score of 86 to 64. It was another great experience at that historic venue in Lawrence. I wish the Jayhawks the best of luck as their season continues. Here is the singing of the National Anthem with the color guard giving honors.
Busy day!  Now I'm volunteering for the Salvation Army's Red Kettle campaign this afternoon at the Fred Meyer in Midtown Anchorage. Stop by, say 'Hi' and donate to a great cause!
I just agreed to do the Polar Bear Plunge next year with my new friend Joe!
Freezing for a Reason at the Special Olympics Alaska Polar Bear Plunge.  Alaskans do some crazy things for great causes!
Talking with Bean's Cafe clients about all the great things that Bean's provides: hot meals, shelter, great people and of course a safe, warm place to play solitaire.
It takes a small army to get everything prepped for lunch here at Bean's Cafe in Anchorage. I'm learning the ropes from "kitchen goddess" Pam before I jump in and lend a hand.
We need to protect American interests and add teeth to the Iran deal negotiated by the administration, so that we have a response planned if Iran’s leaders go back on their word.  I’m co-sponsoring the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act because severe sanctions need to be in place in case Iran breaches the Joint Plan of Action or a final agreement can’t be reached.  Read more here:
