NA
Have you ever visited Hot Springs National Park? Thanks to Superintendent Josie Fernandez for showing us around and talking with us about park projects.
NA
Hope you will join me in continuing to pray for Bowe's safe return home.
If you or someone you know is interested in learning more about the application/nomination process to one of our nation's military service academies, the Maine delegation will hold an information night in Bangor next Tuesday, April 9th from 5:30-8:30 pm. http://1.usa.gov/XbGAYp  http://www.collins.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/academy-nominations
Glad to see Houston’s Noble Energy involved in Israel’s bid for energy independence through offshore natural gas.
Remarkable. Of the 100 largest cities in America, only 14 have more jobs than before the recession.    Six of those cities are in Texas.
A study by the Society of Actuaries estimates the new federal health care law will raise claims costs nationally by an average of 32 percent per person in the individual health insurance market by 2017.  Wyoming is slightly below that at 31.5 percent.
NA
In case you missed it, I had a great discussion with Steve White from NTV News about my initiative to bring regulatory relief to Nebraskans and my first 90 days in office. http://www.nebraska.tv/story/21823033/fischer-make-impression-in-first-90-days
Wonderful to see the progress in the construction of NebraskaLand National Bank headquarters in North Platte last week. During the tour, I also spoke with KNOP-TV News 2 about my latest work in Washington. You can catch the interview here:
UPDATE: Today, the UN adopted the Arms Trade Treaty, with the US voting in support. I remain concerned about the negative impact this treaty will have on our Constitutional freedom and will oppose ratification of this treaty by the Senate.
66 ppl- Town Mtg in Brooklyn. Qs abt Guns, Fast&Furious, Benghazi, Spending/budget, SocialSecurity, Trade, Obamacare, NKorea, Common Core
Williamsburg town mtg-86 ppl Qs abt NKorea, VA, DHS bullets, Guns, crop reports, Health Care, Debt, sequester, FedReserve, EPAregs, FarmBill
107 Students Clear Creek AmanaHS-Tiffin. Qs abt TermLimits, Guns, GayMarriage, Unemploymt, Marijuana, PlannedParenthood, Congresspay, NKorea
62 ppl- Tama town mtg. Qs abt VA backlog, Guns, Foreign Aid, Immigration, HealthCare, Flat tax, UN,Ft Hood medals, farm Bill
Here's The Scoop, Chuck Grassley's eNewsletter
NA
“We congratulate these students and West Fargo’s STEM Center for their innovative app design and for winning this competition. They represent our state well and are a good example of how our schools are educating and preparing students for the careers of the future. We appreciate Verizon’s investment in the STEM Center and thank them for recognizing our students."
The U.N. Arms Trade Treaty that just passed in the General Assembly today would require the United States to implement gun-control legislation as required by the treaty, which could supersede the laws our elected officials have already put into place. Recently 53 Senators went on the record voting in favor of my amendment to stop the State Department from negotiating this treaty. It's time the Obama Administration recognizes it is already a non-starter, and Americans will not stand for internationalists limiting and infringing upon their Constitutional rights. Furthermore, this treaty could also disrupt diplomatic and national security efforts by preventing our government from assisting allies like Taiwan, South Korea, or Israel when they require assistance. I will continue to work with my colleagues Sens. Moran, Manchin, and others to ensure the American people's voices are heard and that this treaty is not ratified.
Yesterday, I toured the U.S.-Mexico border with Customs and Border Patrol to get a first-hand account of the issues that need to be addressed to properly secure the border. Before the Senate considers immigration reform legislation, it is imperative to hear from our front-line defenders what tools they need to protect the homeland. Please take a moment to watch my interview from the border with Wolf Blitzer on The Situation Room.  http://youtu.be/uDVbkX1mUFA
Like and share if you agree: "What's wrong with a universal background check?  In a word: everything.  First, it won't work. The federal government has trouble delivering the mail. It literally can't keep its trains (Amtrak) running on time. It wastes hundreds of billions of dollars every year.  There is no reason to believe a government $17 trillion in debt has the competence to cast a net of paperwork that will catch every single gun sale in a country of 300 million people and 300 million firearms. And even that ignores the fact — always inconvenient when designing gun laws — that armed criminals don't obey laws in the first place.  The only way to make a universal background-check system come close to working is to create a national database capturing ownership information of every single gun in the country.  To track all the gun sales, you first have to track all the guns. Otherwise it won't work.  And this is the crux of the problem.  The federal government has no right to surveil innocent citizens exercising their constitutional rights."
While I’m in Bethel today, I am holding a subsistence public meeting at 2pm for as many Alaskans voices as possible to be heard, so we can add their testimony and perspective to this issue on Capitol Hill.  The public meeting will be live-streamed on my website, so click on http://www.murkowski.senate.gov to watch.
Touring the Tundra Women's Coalition, where they advocate for women and children in Bethel.   The folks here provide shelter to about 150 women and 170 kids a year - an important emergency resource for the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta.
In Bethel today to talk with Alaskans about the difficult issues they face every day.  Landing to a gorgeous sunrise, looking forward to a good day.
Toured the new Eaton Corp Headquarters in Northeast Ohio with CEO Sandy Cutler.
Great visit to Cleveland today. I toured the state-of-the-art University Hospitals Ahuja Medical Center and talked about health care innovation.
ICYMI: Rubio Says Process Counts in Immigration Overhaul: http://1.usa.gov/10vaepb
Senator Rubio Comments On Recent Developments On The Korean Peninsula: http://1.usa.gov/Z5KvTc
Senator Rubio Comments On Recent Developments On The Korean Peninsula: http://1.usa.gov/Z5KvTc
Sessions issued the following statement today after Chairman Leahy’s latest declaration of his intent to rush through an immigration bill before the American people know what is in it:  “I was alarmed by Chairman Leahy’s letter to Senator Rubio in which he rejects the GOP call for thorough and full consideration of any comprehensive immigration bill. Chairman Leahy’s letters to both Senator Rubio and to Committee Republicans reveal a determination to rush a bill through before the public can get involved in the process. Chairman Leahy, Leader Reid, and President Obama once again want Congress to pass a far-reaching bill before the American people know what’s in it. Now that the special interests have what they want, the deal has been made: force it through and set the public interest aside.  Chairman Leahy’s mention of the possibility of maybe holding a single hearing is not a pledge of openness, but a confirmation of our suspicions. A sound committee process will take months—not the two-week timeframe Chairman Leahy has outlined—and will require extensive hearings to understand every major component of reform, including: • How the immediate legalization of millions of illegal workers will impact unemployed Americans • How a further increase in the number of guest workers will impact unemployed Americans • How the wages of legal workers and legal immigrants will be affected by the future flow of low-skill immigrants and chain migration • The long-term cost to taxpayers, especially as illegal immigrants become eligible for most welfare and public benefits once granted green cards and citizenship • Tracking visa overstays • Metrics for establishing border security • Resuming and strengthening cooperation with local law enforcement • Resolving the concerns of ICE officers, including the abuse of prosecutorial discretion and so-called deferred action • Worksite enforcement • Ensuring that the currently unenforced public charge law is enforced • Ensuring proper input and evaluation from the law enforcement community  These are only some of the many complex, serious, and emotional issues that must be addressed in detailed public hearings. Failure to commit to this kind of open process is tantamount to an admission that the bill is not workable and will not stand up to public scrutiny.”
Sen. Sessions visited and toured the SMART manufacturing facility in Luverne.
NA
Sen. Sessions is currently touring SMART’s manufacturing facility in Luverne to meet with employees and take questions from reporters.
Congrats to all the award recipients at the SCSU Honors and Awards Convocation
Looking forward to talking with some great students and their families at the South Carolina State University Honors and Awards Convocation in Orangeburg this afternoon.
Great roundtable discussion with the Berks County Latino Chamber of Commerce, the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Central Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley's Hispanic Chamber today. With Congressman Joe Pitts and me are Carolina Martinez, Director of the Latino Business Resource Center at Kutztown University and Michael Toledo of Centro Hispanic in Reading.
On a somewhat related note: my 3-year-old son Duncan loves  Pepperidge Farm's Goldfish snacks...But do they beat out their Milano cookies?
At Pepperidge Farm's Denver, PA plant,  Congressman Joe Pitts and I urge repeal of sugar subsidies. The government's sugar policy hurts employers like Pepperidge Farm by keeping the price of sugar artificially high. This mistaken policy also hurts consumers as the price of food rises. Rep. Pitts and I are working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to end this costly program.
Off to Pepperidge Farm's Denver, Pa. plant with Congressman Joe Pitts to urge sugar reform. By keeping the cost of sugar high, the government's wasteful sugar program hurts confectioners and consumers in Pennsylvania and across the country. Let's fix that.
I sat down with Dennis Owens from abc27 News to discuss my efforts to reform the government's wasteful sugar program. The sugar subsidy is a taxpayer-funded bailout that keeps sugar and food costs high, hurting jobs across our state and our country. This policy is corporate welfare at its worst and it's time for it to go.
Honored to accept the National Association of Manufacturers award for legislative excellence. Pennsylvania's manufacturers provide hundreds of thousands good-paying jobs while creating high-quality products. My goal in Washington is to support and introduce policies that will help Pennsylvania and America manufacture even more.
NA
Headed to Valley Forge to accept the National Association of Manufacturers' award for legislative excellence. Honored to be recognized and proud to support our manufacturers.
Some welcome news.
