Yesterday, Sen. Alexander introduced bipartisan legislation to establish an independent advisory panel to oversee claims for nuclear workers, who were unknowingly exposed to radioactive and toxic substances while employed at U.S. nuclear weapons facilities—including Oak Ridge—during the Cold War era.  Alexander said: "Many Americans labored behind the scenes working with little-understood hazardous materials to build our nation's nuclear deterrent, and Tennessee has had more people – more than 14,000 – file claims for compensation than any other state. This legislation would make the process easier for, and more accountable to, Tennesseans from places like Anderson and Roane counties who have made claims for compensation and deserve a voice in the process." http://1.usa.gov/13qmk8P
Check out the New York Times travel guide to Portsmouth for fun things to do this summer!
More than 10 months after the terrorist attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Senator Ayotte is calling on the new FBI director to report to Congress on the progress of the investigation.
NA
Provisions from S. 423 take effect on August 6th and may be of interest to all veterans submitting new benefit claims to VA:    Individuals filing claims for VA benefits can take a few steps on their own to try to avoid some of the delays and hassles of the VA claims process.  Experience has shown that, if claimants gather up the evidence VA will need and send it in with their claims, VA is able to decide those fully-developed claims with fewer delays. The provisions taking effect will allow up to one year of retroactive benefits if an original fully–developed claim is granted. To learn more, click below.
NA
I am grateful that Republican Leader McConnell and Ranking Member Cochran have selected me to serve on the conference committee. This is an experienced and knowledgeable group of senators who are all ready to work in good faith to get a fair bill for everyone. Finding common ground is critical for our nation’s agricultural producers. I believe that we can come to an agreement that establishes an adequate safety net for farmers so we can continue to have the safest and most affordable food in the world.
Thank you so much to all of our interns. We appreciate their hard work and dedication to Arkansans during their time in Washington.
NA
I’ll be on Fox News with Sean Hannity tonight to talk about Obamacare. You can watch the interview at 9:00 pm (ET) 7:00 pm (MT).
Last night, the Senate passed Senator Jim Risch and my bill to increase hydro-power development and rural jobs across the West. Wyoming and other states with many Bureau of Reclamation sites will now be able to fully embrace hydro-power’s potential. The President should sign this hydro-power bill into law now and work with Congress to remove red tape and clear the way for more American energy development.
NA
Proud to join Senator Kirk's resolution expressing support for blocking potential state bailouts.  States should see this resolution and recognize that the Federal Government is not going to bail them out of a fiscal insolvency and that the elected leaders in these states should take responsibility, and adopt measures to become fiscally responsible— balancing their budgets the way that every American household does.
Had the opportunity to visit with youth members of the Idaho Juvenile Justice Commission. #idpol
Last night, the U.S. Senate passed two bills that I supported that would streamline current regulations to make it easier to develop and approve small hydropower stations.  Hydropower is a significant source of renewable energy in the United States and western states, like Idaho, are seeking to develop more hydropower on Bureau of Reclamation (BOR) water canals and pipelines.
News Release: Colorado Senator Michael Bennet and I are fighting to enhance  wildfire mitigation efforts by introducing The Prepare, Ready, Equip, and Prevent Areas at-Risk of Emergency (PREPARE) Wildfires Act.  The PREPARE Act directs the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to establish a funding stream specifically for wildfire mitigation.  The bill would authorize an additional $20 to $30 million per year for a five year wildfire mitigation pilot program, as part of the agency’s Pre-Disaster Mitigation fund.  To ensure this does not add to our nation’s deficit, we have proposed an offset elsewhere in the budget to ensure the proposal is fully paid for.  There is nothing more frightening for home owners in the West to hear that they must leave their home and take cover due to a raging wildfire.  Unfortunately, for many Idahoans, and others throughout the West these fires have become the norm and not the exception.  Our bill will help states mitigate and better prepare for these large-scale fires.
Enjoyed my tele-townhall meeting last night with folks in the 26th Congressional District of Texas, ably represented by Congressman Michael Burgess
Tragedy of jobs numbers: quarter of million more Americans have quit looking.
Drip, drip, drip of IRS scandal.
My record fighting Obamacare
The Hill: Cornyn Calls on Senate to Block IRS Role in Obamacare
After House Votes to Remove IRS from Obamacare, Cornyn Calls for Senate Vote:
Great pick in Michael O'Rielly for the Federal Communications Commission
Where were they, and what did they do during the attack? Did we abandon our men in Benghazi?
What about America's Obamacare crisis?
In my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video I answer your questions on my Penny Plan (0:31), tax reform (1:10), UN arms treaty (2:02), checks and balances (2:40), and defunding Obamacare (3:40). Click the link to see if your question was answered.
Our country needs to quickly halt the nation’s debt spiral. We can do it. I joined Senators Barrasso, Paul, Risch, Vitter, Isakson and Rubio this week in introducing the “Penny Plan”, which would balance the budget in two years by cutting one penny from every dollar of total government spending.
The July jobs report announced this morning is further evidence we still haven't achieved a real economic recovery. The heavy burdens of Obamacare, costly government regulations, and a complicated tax code continue to weigh on all Americans and hurt job creation. I hope the President will begin to work with Congress to put forth pro-growth policies that create opportunities. Americans just want a good-paying job to provide for their families. Washington should try and help, not hinder, their efforts.
I congratulate Admiral Cecil Haney on his confirmation to be the next commander of U.S. Strategic Command.  As a former Strategic Command deputy commander, he is no stranger to its mission and the people of Nebraska. I was happy to support his nomination and look forward to working with him on efforts to support STRATCOM’s mission.
Thurs was 1st day of drug co reporting of payments 2 doctors under Sunshine Act. Info public next year. Sen.Kohl & I wrote bill/enacted 2010
Learn about our bill to help #KeepTahoeBlue here: http://1.usa.gov/1clV1Br.
“Our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job of providing food, fuel and fiber to meet our needs. As a member of the conference committee, I look forward to working with the House conferees to find agreement on a long-term farm bill that meets the needs of our producers. Agriculture supports 16 million jobs and contributes billions of dollars to our economy. We need a strong, bipartisan farm bill because every American benefits from good farm policy.”
Today I had the privilege of taking my son Jimmy and two of my grandchildren around OSHKOSH. They joined me when I spoke with Craig Fuller, the president of Aircraft Owners & Pilots Association (AOPA), about the implementation of my Pilots Bill of Rights as well as the effects of sequestration on FAA towers.
The great state of Oklahoma is fighting to defund ObamaCare. Oklahoma Attorney General E. Scott Pruitt is leading the lawsuit that might be the best and last chance of saving states from this looming disaster. - http://onforb.es/13IcD14
Tomorrow I will be at the Princeton Flea Market at 10:00 am and then at the Green Lake County Fair at 11:30 am. Please come say hello!
The Honorable Irwin Cotler (MP) and I condemn #Iranian leader's call to intensify Bahá’í persecution. We stand in solidarity with all those of the Baha’i Faith and urge leaders around the world to condemn Iran's persecution.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=830
Share if you agree: No state bailouts! My resolution protects the #US credit rating. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=829
Joining Senator Dick Durbin & Rep. Rodney Davis to honor war hero & #Illinois public servant James Burgess.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=828
Join me in remembering the heroes of the 1944 #Warsaw uprising who fought to free #Poland from nazi oppression. 
 
 http://www.chicago.msz.gov.pl/en/news/anniversary_of_the_warsaw_uprising
This morning, my friend, Bishop George Fitzsimons of the Diocese of Salina was laid to rest. Even through his retirement, Bishop Fitzsimons remained dedicated to the diocese and caring for individuals in need.
Today, I joined Senator Pat Roberts in introducing legislation to honor Lieutenant General Richard Seitz by designating the Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic as the “Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.”  Dick was a mentor, a friend, and someone I hold in extremely high regard. I’m grateful for his commitment to serving the community of Junction City and am delighted to honor him by working to name the community-based outpatient clinic in his honor.
There are plenty of divisive issues in Congress, but I am glad to be the Ranking Republican on the Senate Energy Committee where there is an abundance of opportunity -- not only for development of our resources to make us energy independent, but also for a sense of bipartisanship. That's why the momentum for my 'All of the Above' energy plan is attracting lawmakers from both sides of the aisle. Here's a great story about the recent bills we've passed on a great form of clean energy: hydropower.
Check out my Op-Ed in CBN News on our efforts to honor President Roosevelt’s D-Day Prayer.
Had a great townhall meeting with employees at Woolpert in Dayton today. Continue to hear a lot frustration with Washington.
There were dozens of CIA operatives on ground at Benghazi attack. http://thelead.blogs.cnn.com/2013/08/01/exclusive-dozens-of-cia-operatives-on-the-ground-during-benghazi-attack/
We need to dismantle, delay and defund Obamacare.  Share/Like if you agree! #DefundObamaCare  http://roberts.senate.gov
Last night I spoke on the Senate Floor about the Obamacare exchange train wreck. Georgia officially requested an emergency delay this week because their state run exchange will not be up and running by the October 1, 2013 deadline. Given the uncertainty with the exchanges and mandates it is imperative that the Senate pass my legislation, the Exchange Sunset Act of 2013. This commonsense bill sunsets all Obamacare exchanges and mandates if they are not ready by October 1st as prescribed by law.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiLQg0QSHCc
http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/08/sen_richard_shelby_obamacare_i.html#incart_river_default
ICYMI: Senator Richard Shelby delivered a speech on ObamaCare’s broken promises yesterday on the Senate floor. Shelby discussed how the law increases health insurance costs, reduces patients’ access to quality care, and kills jobs.
Sessions: “The federal government now spends over $750 billion per year on means tested welfare and assistance programs. And, of that, we spend over $100 for benefits for every $1 spent for job training… Our goal must be to help struggling Americans move from dependency to independence, to help them find steady jobs with rising pay. Our policy cannot be to simply relegate more and more of our citizens to dependence on the government while importing a steady stream of foreign workers to fill available jobs… [our priority must be] restoring the rule of law, defending working Americans, and helping those struggling—immigrant and native-born alike—to find a good job that can support a family.”
Sen. Sessions just issued the following comment about this morning's jobs report:  "This morning’s jobs number of 162,000 demonstrates that we still aren’t adding enough jobs to get Americans working again.  Underlying today’s jobs report is a set of far more troubling statistics that have not gotten sufficient scrutiny. A large and growing number of Americans are simply no longer part of the labor force. Only 55 percent of U.S. adults are working—millions have either permanently give up looking, moved back in with parents or relatives, retired early, or become dependent on government aid. Too little is being done to help get these Americans back into the productive economy. Meanwhile, working Americans have seen their wages continue to fall and median household income has dropped 8 percent since 2000.  These are deep and systemic problems arising from a variety of sources: the decline of American manufacturing, an increasingly burdensome and punitive tax and regulatory code that makes it harder for U.S. workers to compete, health care policies that grow government but shrink private sector hiring, welfare policies that undermine upward mobility, and a government stimulus policy that helps businesses and traders but not workers. Yet, despite all these problems, Washington’s focus right now is on an immigration bill that would reduce wages even further and increase unemployment—as CBO confirms—by drastically expanding low-skill immigration.  We need to refocus our economic policy in Washington to deal with the economic realities of our time. Instead, Washington continues to centralize power—helping the well-connected while punishing the average citizen."
As I said at this morning's RedState Gathering, I am going to vote no on the CR with or without Obamacare. Obamacare is the wrong path for our nation, and temporary spending measures like CRs are no way to run our government's budget.
If you're in the Pittsburgh area this weekend, please consider showing your support for Sgt. Doug Vitale. Doug, on behalf of our grateful commonwealth, thank you - and welcome home.
Great news: President Obama has nominated two for the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Senator Bob Casey, Jr. and I recommended both to him.
Proud to be working with Senator Rand Paul and Senator Tom Coburn to ensure that each bill of Congress states the part of the Constitution that authorizes it:
