I had a great time visiting with Missourians at the State Fair this week. Agriculture is a key economic driver for our state, and farm families need more economic certainty to succeed.
The Nahon family has been part of my life and career during all my time in public service. Paul’s grandmother, Sharon Nahon, ran my Springfield office when I was Secretary of State and for the 14 years I served in the House of Representatives. I’ve known Paul since he was born, and he worked in my Washington office this summer, where he did an outstanding job – as was the case in everything he pursued. From tennis, to academics, to his friends and family, Paul was a young man with limitless potential. I talked to the Nahons last night, and along with my entire family, I am thinking about them as they deal with this tragedy.
When it comes to these fires across Idaho, don’t risk it; follow the instructions of your local authorities. To all of the those that have been displaced by the fires and to the folks putting their lives at risk fighting these fires, you are in my thoughts. We can never thank you enough. Stay safe!
News Release: Next Tuesday, Senators Ron Wyden (D-Oregon), Jim Risch (R-Idaho) and I will visit the National Interagency Fire Center (NIFC) in Boise to thank firefighters for their extremely hard and dangerous work in yet another hazardous season for fighting wildfires.  During the visit, we will note that the country can do better in preventing catastrophic fires by using collaborative land management efforts and stronger proactive management on the nation’s public lands.  Current land management policies are not keeping pace with the growing risk.  Sound land management based on consensus-driven collaboration, will help prevent and reduce fires, and has proven successful in restoring jobs and economic and ecological conditions in our nation’s pristine backcountry areas.  For more information about the event, which is open to the public, click the link below.
Meet Vania, a newly minted Texan. Humbled to have helped her adoptive family bring her to TX from Guatemala after 5 yrs of delays
Great meeting today with folks from the Texas travel industry. Over 1 million Texans employed by travel-related businesses.
Can't go wrong at Texadelphia
Cornyn Op-Ed: Obamacare and the Rule of Law:
Two phrases you don't see together much: Obamacare and the Rule of Law
Want a full time job? Thanks to Obamacare, it will be harder to find one... or keep one.   #Don'tFundIt #DefundObamacare
I was honored to take part in the ground-breaking ceremony of the Wind River Job Corps Center in Riverton on August 9th. My hat is off to the Riverton community leaders and state leaders whose tireless efforts over the years helped make this project a reality. The center is expected to employ 400 workers during construction with 100 permanent employees when the center is operational. A total of 300 students will be served at a time when the center is up and running. Without bipartisanship, this project never would have happened.
A car collector’s dream found in our very own Pierce, Nebraska! Last night, NBC Nightly News reported an auctioneer will be putting up hundreds of classic cars from the 1950s for sale. Watch the segment here.
Nebraskans in the Scottsbluff/Gering area: I'm holding a Listening Session today at the Farm and Ranch Museum at 5pm MST. Hope to see you there!
Great group at today's ag roundtable in Bridgeport. Hearing from producers and industry leaders is vital to making good policy that strengthens our agriculture industry.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham participated in an event discussing the proper storage and safe usage of firearms.
MrsG&I went to Parkersburg AmLegion to hear Iowa Sec of State Matt Schultz honor veterans thru our use of his website
This month’s decline in Nevada’s unemployment rate is promising, but it doesn’t change the fact that many job creators in the Silver State will walk into the office this morning worried about the toll ObamaCare is taking on their business. The delays in implementing portions of this law show just how flawed it is. Since the Affordable Care Act was passed, many employers have been forced to cut workers' hours or stop hiring altogether. Nevadans don’t need laws that discourage job creation; they need policies that will encourage growth and innovation. http://1.usa.gov/1453pkj
“Gen. Jones was an accomplished man who dedicated his life to serving our country and rose to the highest ranks in the military. Raised in Minot, N.D., where a local airfield sparked his desire to become a pilot, he later attended the University of North Dakota and Minot State College before enlisting in the Army Air Corps during World War II. He subsequently began a distinguished career of service to the United States, becoming a pilot, military leader and eventually serving two terms as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under two presidents. He was a great American general who made North Dakotans proud. Mikey and I are saddened by his loss and extend our deepest sympathies to his family and friends.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=a01a13ba-af6c-41cc-bd13-0afd386865a7
“Think about a smartphone app that can drive down the cost of health care. Think about a smartphone app that can drive down the cost of health care and saved employees over $2 billion in 2012 through lower annual healthcare costs, reductions and tax savings: Evolution1 developed an app to address that need.   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=c6a892d6-5da8-4791-8d05-610cae23371a
Great discussion with the #Springfield Jewish Community Relations Council on a range of domestic & foreign policy priorities.
My Health Care Advisory Board updated Rep. Rodney Davis and me about issues affecting health care industry in #Illinois.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=839
I am looking forward to hosting several town hall events over the next few weeks across the state of Utah.  Click on the link below for locations and times.
I am greatly concerned by the violence and unrest in Egypt. Last month, I supported Senator Rand Paul’s amendment to eliminate U.S. aid to Egypt. We cannot afford spending on ineffective policies that fail to make America safer.
Yesterday I toured SEKTAM of Independence, Inc., a manufacturing company that has been in the tooling and molding business for 40 years. Chris Moore, the owner and president of SEKTAM, started working here at an entry-level position and is proof that the American Dream still exists today. During my tour we discussed regulatory concerns, which are affecting him as a small business owner. Here, I'm pictured with Chris and his son, Alex, who are demonstrating how to make a mold.
This picture of $47 Tide in Napaskiak has started what I think is a very important conversation about the sky high cost of goods and of simply living all across our state. I'd like to bring more attention to this issue, so I invite all Alaskans to share their hometown price of laundry detergent here on this page. I'll bring this information back with me to Washington, and hopefully together, we can motivate more in Congress to consider smart policies to bring costs down.
The experience of these kids on the water during the Kenai Kids Classic is so important.  It teaches them patience, boat safety, and above all, a love for our state and her resources.  I am so grateful to be able to participate in this great event every year!
A $350 fine for using a daycare using a picnic table? What was the U.S. Forest Service thinking?  I am happy to report that less than a week since I brought this to U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell’s attention, and just two days after I raised hell about it in Anchorage, Auntie’s Daycare in Wrangell is no longer facing an expensive citation and a court date.  Unfortunately, I suspect this was only resolved because it came to the attention of a former U.S. Senator, passed on to a current Senator who passed it to the Forest Service chief.  It ought not to take an act of Congress.  All it required was common sense by the USFS.
Wouldn't be a complete trip to Toledo without a stop at Tony Packo's. Check out those fried pickles!
My Neighborhood Safety Act helps mayors like Toledo's Mike Bell remove abandoned homes that slow economic growth.
Glad to tour the great facility at Northstar BlueScope Steel Plant in Delta, Ohio today.
NA
Congress is way out of touch on the issue of sending foreign aid to Egypt. This mindset that if you don't give people money and weapons, then you're not engaged is bizarre. I want to engage with the world, I just don't want to be engaged in battle.  Read today's article in Foreign Policy, "Rand Slams Congress for Funding Egypt's Generals: 'How Does Your Conscience Feel Now?'" http://thecable.foreignpolicy.com/posts/2013/08/15/rand_paul_slams_congress_for_aiding_egypt_how_does_your_conscience_feel_now
Drug abuse is no doubt destructive to families and society, but mandatory minimum laws often do far more damage to families and society than the problems they were intended to fix.  Read the op-ed I penned in the Washington Times today: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/aug/16/paul-the-madness-of-mandatory-minimums/
NA
I just sent out my August update e-newsletter--it's a great way to keep up with what's going on in South Carolina and in Washington.  You can read it and sign up here: https://iqs3.solutions.lmit.com/iqextranet/view_newsletter.aspx?id=127452&c=quorum_scott-iq
Great talking with the Palmetto Chapter of Women in Defense about the important contributions South Carolinians are making to the security and defense of our nation
Happy Friday! My weekly update is now available. Thanks for reading and have a great weekend.
Thank you Risa Vetri Ferman and Montgomery County District Attorney staff for locking up the man who supplied the gun that took Officer Brad Fox's life.
Great to spend some time with Kris and the kids at our family reunion outside San Diego.
