Congrats to the Kansas City Royals on a great tie-breaking game three win tonight! #TakeTheCrown #WorldSeries #Royals
For once, I agree with Bill Clinton.
Another 'bloody stain' on an already grim record of brutality and oppression: Iran executes Reyhaneh Jabbari.
"Today is a proud day for the people of North Dakota. This commissioning ceremony is the culmination of years of hard work by Bob Wefald, the USS North Dakota Committee and many other North Dakotans. The sub we are commissioning today was just a vision eight years ago when we approached the Secretary of the Navy to discuss the possibility of naming a ship in honor of our state. Today, the USS North Dakota joins the world’s largest and greatest naval fleet and serves as a lasting tribute to the people of North Dakota, especially those men and women who have served in our armed forces."
Cyberbullying wasn’t part of my childhood, but it is part of everybody’s now.  I partnered with students from across Illinois to raise awareness about this horrific trend.   Learn more: http://kirk.senate.gov/cyberbullying
Did you know? Almost half of kids have been bullied online.  I partnered with kids from around Illinois and Motorola Mobility Foundation to create a mobile app to prevent cyberbullying.  See the app in action and learn more:
It was great cheering on the Wildcats to a victory over Texas today. I enjoyed meeting and catching up with a number of Kansans including the Dreiling Family.
It was great to cheer on the K-State Wildcats to a victory over Texas today. Here, I'm pictured with Morris County  Sheriff's Department Deputy Michael Gustason.
I want to thank the attendees of #AFN2014 for such a warm welcome this morning.  We've got a lot of issues facing us - subsistence, energy costs, public safety - but I believe we can #RiseAsOne and make a difference working together.
In a few moments, I'll be speaking to the #AFN2014 convention, but I wanted to sneak in a little more shopping first.  If you're not in Anchorage, but want to watch, you can check out the livestream online here: http://www.nativefederation.org/annual-convention/watch-convention-live-online/
The Alaska Federation of Natives Convention has to be one of my all-time favorite things in the year! My husband Verne recently said to me, “AFN is Alaska,” and I think it couldn't be more true.  I've loved catching up with so many of you at Quyana and around the convention! I’m up to speak in about an hour to the delegates, but for those of you who aren't able to watch in person, it will be live-streamed at www.nativefederation.org.
Lowcountry veterans: looking for a new job? Come out to our job training workshop at Trident Tech tomorrow! More info here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-set-kick-statewide-veterans-job-training-initiative
