NA
NA
NA
Op-Ed: While the Fiscal Cliff was averted, it was a missed opportunity for Congress and the president.  Outside of the tax rates, many of the fixes in the bill are temporary.  If we continue to kick the can down the road, it will only make our fiscal problems worse.  I did vote for the package because it made permanent some of the tax relief we have been fighting for over the last 10 years, protecting 99% of Idahoans from a tax hike. It is now time for the administration and congress to get serious about dealing with our debt and deficits.
Remember when: President Obama last signed a debt ceiling increase, on August 2, 2011, for $2.1 trillion?
Remember when President Obama voted against raising the debt ceiling, calling nation's debt problem a "failure of leadership."?
Isn't this Eric Holder's job?
Sen. Corker will be on Fox News "America's Newsroom" tomorrow at 9:10 a.m. ET (8:10 a.m. CT) to talk about reducing the deficit and rebuilding trust in Washington.
I recently read an Associated Press news article with the headline, “Tax Code Longer Than Bible - Without Good News.”  We can fix some of the tax problems even in this partisan climate if we are allowed to actually work on tax policy through the committee process.  If the majority leader allows bills in the Senate to go through the Senate Finance Committee and then amendments to be freely offered on the Senate floor, the American public will get some good news.
A conversation with Senator Grassley on this edition of Iowa Press.
From Iowa House of Representative I hear promises of bipartisan cooperation from both Dems and Rep. Something we ought to hear more in DC
Paying the Price in Settlements, but Often Deducting It
Open session of 85th General Assembly almost over  100 Representatives sworn in including my grandson @patgrassley for 4th term
Iowa house majority leader upmeyer says she hears from constituents government spends too much. We hear same thing about congress
Grassley to hold town hall meeting on Tuesday
I will be also attending opening session of Iowa legislature. Swearing in. Election of leaders. Also memories of my service in Iowa House
Just finish breakfast meeting in desmoines for Iowa legislators all enthused abt opportunity to serve their constituents
I spoke with No Labels members this morning about my bill No Budget, No Pay. You can watch the video here:
Had the opportunity to thank and honor the 1-112th Aviation Regiment for a job well done during their yearlong deployment to Kosovo. They served our state and nation well, and we thank these soldiers and their families for all of their sacrifices.
Our federal government collects more than enough revenue to pay the interest on our debt obligations and prevent a default.  The debate about the debt ceiling isn't about whether we are going to meet these obligations.  Instead, the debt ceiling debate is about whether we will structurally reform government spending to ensure the sustainability of government functions that Americans rely on.
I was glad to hear our 41st President George H.W. Bush was released from the hospital today in Texas.
A warm welcome home to the 120 soldiers with B Company, 1-143rd Infantry Airborne Regiment.  The Bethel-based unit just spent a year in Afghanistan.  Thank you for your service- we are so glad you are home safe!
Media Advisory: Senator Rubio To Hold Roundtable & Town Hall At Firehouse Subs Headquarters: http://1.usa.gov/WGT9GL
Past spending has been funded with taxes and previously issued debt. President Obama wants a debt ceiling increase to pay for new debt for future spending.
President Obama already got his tax increases. Now he wants more tax increases to fund more bloated government spending. Not going to happen.
President Obama's claim from his press conference just now is patently false. A debt ceiling increase will pay for future excessive spending, not past spending. It's time to cut spending.
NA
