“Today we honor the men and women who have selflessly sacrificed to defend our freedom and way of life. We couldn’t possibly thank enough those who have worn the uniform of our Armed Services for their courage and dedication to our nation and for keeping us safe. So many of our servicemen and women are often far away from their loved ones, and we thank them and their families for their great sacrifice.” – Lamar Alexander
Joined veterans from across NH at the annual #VeteransDay observance at the NH State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen today. Thankful for their brave service to our country.
Today we give thanks to the brave men and women –  including so many New Hampshire sons and daughters – who have stepped up to defend our nation.  It's because of them that we continue to enjoy the blessings of freedom today, and we must never forget the sacrifices they've made - nor the sacrifices of their loved ones - in answering the call of duty.   Let's also keep in our hearts and minds America's future veterans - the soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen who are currently deployed around the world - including New Hampshire National Guardsmen and women who are serving far from home.  We pray for them and their families, and we look forward to their safe return.
Enjoyed visiting with our military heroes and their families from Central Missouri during their Honor Flight. Thank you to these brave men and women. #ThanksMOvets
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to our nation’s veterans, servicemen and women - and their families - for their courage and commitment to keep our country safe.  #VeteransDay
Today, across the nation, small towns and cities alike will host parades, concerts, or quiet ceremonies to commemorate Veterans Day. November 11th is set aside as a day of reflection and an opportunity to honor all those who have served -- those who served in wars past, those who are serving in combat today, and those who made the ultimate sacrifice on battlefields far from home.  Every North Carolinian owes a debt of gratitude to our nation's veterans. Every freedom we enjoy has been defended and upheld by those who have taken up arms and worn the uniform of our great nation. As we commemorate these brave men and women on this national holiday, we must remember that our thanks for their sacrifices and commitment to our nation should not be limited to a single day. Our veterans have endured the pain of being separated from their families and loved ones, the trials of repeated deployments, and the harsh realities of combat. They have done so quietly and professionally for generation after generation. Veterans Day is more than a day to commemorate the service of America's defenders; it also serves as a reminder of all that we owe them as a nation.  I encourage every North Carolinian to take time to thank someone who served on this Veterans Day. May God bless our veterans and their families and may God bless the United States of America.
Thank you to all who serve and have served to protect our nation. #veterans day
Today we salute our veterans for their selfless commitment and immeasurable sacrifice to protect this nation and its ideals. To all of our veterans, thank you and may God bless you, your families and the United States of America.
Today we honor the heroes who have sacrificed so much to keep our country safe and free. Thank you for your service.
NA
To all of our veterans and the family members of those who have worn the uniform, thank you. On this day, we also remember the many Hoosiers currently serving overseas and keep them in our prayers.    In 1987, the USS Stark was struck by an Iraqi missile attack in the Persian Gulf, killing 37 United States sailors and wounding 21 others. During a memorial service for the fallen, President Ronald Reagan paid these heroes a tribute that I believe is applicable to all our veterans. He said:  “Yes, they were ordinary men who did extraordinary things. Yes, they were heroes. And because they were heroes, let us not forget this:   That for all the lovely spring and summer days we will never share with them again, for every Thanksgiving and Christmas that will seem empty without them, there will be other moments, too, moments when we see the light of discovery in young eyes, eyes that see for the first time the world around them and know that sweep of history and wonder, ‘Why is there such a place as America, and how is it that such a precious gift is mine?’  And we can answer them. We can answer them by telling of this day and those that we come to honor here. And it's then we'll see understanding in those young eyes; it is then they will know the same gratitude and pride that we share today, the gratitude and pride Americans feel always for those who suffer and die so that the precious gift of America might always be ours.”
During my recent time in Idaho, I met with hundreds of veterans and veterans’ advocacy groups throughout the state, asking Idaho’s veterans community to provide feedback about the quality of service and care they receive through the VA.  More than 1,000 Idahoans took the time to share their unique experiences.  To learn more about this effort and view the results of the Fall 2014 Veterans Survey, click here:http://goo.gl/vGNCr1
On this Veterans Day, we honor those who have given so much to protect our freedoms and acknowledge the contributions, patriotism and sacrifice of our veterans and their families.  Nothing spoken, written, or even etched in granite, can ever fully thank veterans for their service.  In President Harry S. Truman’s words that appear next to the Freedom Wall, “Our debt to the heroic men and valiant women in the service of our country can never be repaid.  They have earned our undying gratitude.  America will never forget their sacrifices.”
Our veterans and their family members have gone to every length to defend our nation and protect their fellow men and women, and nowhere is that level of commitment stronger than here in the great State of Texas. Home to nearly 1.7 million veterans and some of the nation’s largest and most important military bases, the Texas military community is a source of pride for all Texans.   Sadly, events of the past year have shown us that too many of our veterans in Texas and across the country have not been treated with the dignity and care they so rightly deserve. Nothing should be put above the needs and well-being of our veterans, and we must do everything in our power to see that these men and women receive the very best in seamless care and benefits.   May God bless our veterans, our service members, their families and the many who have gone before them. We will never forget their sacrifice, and we will always strive to be worthy of it.
Those who wear our country’s uniform are the ultimate public servants, and Veterans Day is a reminder of the courage generations of brave men and women have shown to protect and strengthen our nation. As we look toward the new year and a new Congress, the best way our nation’s elected leaders can honor our veterans is to work together, regardless of political party, to ensure our generation leaves behind a better America than the one we inherited.
Sen. Jeff Sessions is right; America is a nation governed by the rule of law. We can and must #StopObamasAmnesty!
On this Veterans Day, as we remember and thank the courageous men and women of our armed forces, I commend to you this powerful, moving video from my friend Texas State Senator and Lt. Col. (Ret.) Brian Birdwell. It recounts his experiences on 9/11, serving in the Pentagon and being burned alive within inches of death. It presents Brian's Christian testimony, in a way that cannot help but stir your heart.
Ninety-six years ago, young men from the states of Texas and Oklahoma who had no combat experience, were deployed to France and soon thrust into one of the bloodiest battles of World War One – known as the Hundreds Days Offensive.   On the morning of October 8, 1918, the troops were woken minutes before the engagement and rushed to the trenches along the French-German border. Toxic gasses filled the air; planes swooped below; and machine guns buzzed well into the night. In the first two days, the Division lost roughly 1,600 men. But they kept fighting, held the line, and captured over 600 enemy soldiers. The Texas troops forced the Germans to concede a primary stronghold, which proved to be a critical step in winning the war.   A month later, on November 11, 1918, Germany signed an armistice ending the Great War, and ever since we have commemorated our veterans on this day.   Each person who serves in the Armed Forces deserves our utmost gratitude – they pledge their lives so that we might remain free. Today we honor them.   Texans have always been proud of our troops who, like those who charged the dark forest of Blanc Mont Ridge, defend liberty in the most harrowing circumstances.   Just shy of a century since that most fateful night, the men and women of Texas continue to serve with great courage and commitment.   Ninety Texans have been awarded the Medal of Honor, the United States’ highest recognition of personal bravery. Thousands have volunteered to defend our nation since 9-11, and hundreds have given their lives in the war against terrorism. In the past year, over 17,500 Texans have joined the Armed Forces. With over 200,000 active duty personnel, reservists, National Guardsmen, and civilians at 15 military institutions across the state, Texans play a critical role in keeping Americans safe and free.   Today, service members from Dyess Air Force base are conducting airstrikes against ISIS targets. ISIS is the face of evil. It is persecuting Christians. It is beheading children. It is pillaging towns. And Dyess Air Force base is playing a critical role in exterminating this evil.   Today, troops from Fort Bliss and Fort Hood are deploying to Africa and fighting the spread of what Texans have unfortunately already witnessed to be the deadly disease of Ebola. These soldiers are going into the thick of the epidemic and risking their own wellbeing to end this outbreak. We are grateful for their swift response.   Today, the Texas National Guard has stepped up to secure the border and protect citizens from dangerous illegal criminals that only perpetuate the humanitarian crisis on the border. They are on the front lines of saving lives on American soil. In one case, just over a month ago, three National Guard soldiers rescued a Texan who was injured along the river. He was bleeding profusely, but with their swift response, he survived and has recovered.   Today, bases from Shepperd to Goodfellow to Camp Bullis train our next generation of pilots, medics, and ground troops. Bases scattered throughout the state ensure that the future of our military is strong, and that the young men and women who pledge their lives to defend this nation are well-trained and equipped. These training programs provide them a future of service and opportunity, and in turn, these young soldiers safeguard our national security interests.   Today we recognize a life-long Texan, Richard Overton, who at 108 is the oldest living American World War Two veteran – we thank him for his continued patriotism.   These are only a handful of examples highlighting the robust military presence in the Lone Star State. There are countless told and untold stories of the heroes in the state. Let us never forget to tell them.   This spirit of courage lives on in Texas, and it is with grateful hearts that today we say thank you to all the men and women who have served our country. So today, take a minute to call a service member you know or shake the hand of a veteran. Thank them for their sacrifice. It’s an honor to know them. And let us never forget the price they pay so that we may enjoy the many blessings of liberty.
Each year on Veterans Day we take a moment to reflect upon the blessings we have received as citizens of this great nation. Down through the years our veterans have established a proud legacy with their service. That’s why this is a good day to thank veterans you know for their willingness to serve. Because of them we have grown and prospered as a nation – and we will continue to do so. We join with the people of Wyoming and all Americans in expressing our great pride in all those who serve – or have served – in our armed forces. God bless them and their families.
To our nation's veterans - thank you for your service and your sacrifice on behalf of our freedom #VeteransDay
This Veterans Day, we honor the men and women who sacrificed so much to protect our freedom. We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to these heroes who put themselves in harm’s way to defend our nation. I encourage all Nebraskans today to take a moment to reflect and honor our veterans and thank them for their service.
I have the great honor of participating in three Veterans Day events today.  This morning at a Veterans Day breakfast at Anderson University, then the Veterans Memorial Park unveiling in Pendleton and this afternoon I will be at Southern Wesleyan University.
Graham is not waiting until January. On Thursday, he plans to move forward with S 2650, the Iran Nuclear Negotiations Act of 2014, which he co-authored with GOP Sens. Kelly Ayotte (N.H.), Bob Corker (Tenn.), John McCain (Ariz.), Marco Rubio (Fla.) and James Risch (Idaho) to require an up or down vote on a final Iran deal, the deadline for which is Nov. 24.   “I want to get the debate started. If we get it marked up, there will be a lot of bipartisan support,” he predicts. While a vote on the floor in all likelihood will have to wait, beginning the discussion before the Nov. 24 deadline may help stiffen the Obama Administration’s spine.
Americans are blessed to live in a free society with abundant resources and opportunities.  During this season of thanksgiving, Senator Grassley reminds us to honor those whose sacrifice and service secures and protects the homeland.
Pres Obama flagrantly violating his oath w threats to do immigration by fiat. He is getting dangerous close to assuming a Nixonian posture
Proud 2B honored by Beth El Jacob Synagogue w Rob Borsellino award 4 Israel support & work 4 religious freedom & emigration for Soviet Jews
Today, our country comes together to honor the #veterans who so bravely fought for our freedom.   These individuals have made great sacrifices to give us the opportunities that we have today. I encourage everyone to take the time to remember their service and to thank those veterans around you, as well as recognize our service members currently defending our freedom.   I want to thank all of our veterans for their commitment to our nation.   Today, in honor of Veterans Day, the National Park Service is offering free entrance to over 2,000 national parks across the country.   This is a great opportunity for Nevadans to get out and enjoy the beauty of our great state.
On Veterans Day and every day, we recognize that our nation and the freedoms we enjoy have been protected and guaranteed by brave men and women who have selflessly donned the uniform of our military. These men and women have fought and many have died to preserve our liberties and ensure our way of life. We owe them not only our respect and tremendous gratitude, but also our commitment to honoring our nation’s promises to them.
We as a nation are working to renew our promise to our nation’s veterans, and to redefine what it means to honor and care for our heroes. We made a good first step when Congress passed a bipartisan bill in July to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs. We must get this right, and I will not rest until the men and women who have served have the resources they need to make a full recovery and to prosper in their personal and professional lives. Thank you for your service. God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America.
Our country is free and united because of the service and sacrifice of men and women throughout our history. I asked my staff to share pictures of the #veterans closest to them.  I hope you enjoy our video as a tribute to all of the finest among us who serve and who have served. –rj  #VeteransDay2014 #ThankAVeteran
The United States is the greatest force for human dignity and freedom in the world. This #VeteransDay, let us honor the courage of all those who have fought to defend those ideals and show our appreciation for the sacrifices they have made.
As a 23-year veteran of the Naval Reserves, I was honored to serve alongside our nation's heroes. As your Senator, I pledge to keep our commitment to them by ensuring veterans receive the very best medical care and can find a job when they get home.  #VeteransDay
During the last few weeks I have been collecting photos and stories of Utah veterans.  I have already shared many of these photos on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter.  This album is a collection of submissions that I haven't shared yet.  As you look through this album, you will meet many of the brave Utahns who have made great sacrifices defending our country through several generations.  I would like to thank everyone who shared a submission to my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.  I know that countless Americans have been inspired by your photos and stories.  We are working on a physical display in my DC office that will highlight all of these submissions, and I look forward to sharing this display when it is ready.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Bret and Teresa Gledhill. The photo was submitted with this caption: "David Eames Gledhill was 17 years old when he joined the Navy.  He went to Camp Pendleton in San Diego for boot camp.  He was eventually assigned to a ship headed to Guam.  While on Guam, David spent about a month clearing a section of jungle.  He was then assigned to the USS Black, a destroyer.  The ship sailed all over the Pacific, landing in many places, including China and  Japan.  David served about a year at sea, eventually arriving back in San Diego where the USS Black was decommissioned and he was discharged." I am deeply grateful for David's service to our great nation and for his inspiring story.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Pete Gordon from St. George, Utah. The photo was taken at the Veterans Memorial Park in Boulder City, NV. Pete submitted the photo with this caption: "It was quite by accident that this photo was taken. I was paying attention to the Flag and the sunset and did not realize that I had captured the family walking toward the base of the flagpole. The photograph captured the silhouettes of a toddler, the mother and an unborn child of an American serviceman who was overseas serving this great land. With Americans like this, is there any doubt we live in the greatest country on earth? I am humbled every time I view it."
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by a proud mom and Utahn, Roxann Malarsie. This is a photo of her son, Michael Malarsie of South Jordan, Utah. The photo was submitted with this caption: "Michael was blinded by an IED in Afghanistan in 2010. Four servicemen lost their lives in that same attack. When Michael learned of their deaths, he committed to honor their sacrifice by living a life of purpose and gratitude. Michael was blessed to receive a guide dog, Xxon, from Fidelco, a non-profit company in Connecticut and now travels nationwide on his own with confidence. Since being retired from the Air Force, Michael continues serving by working with Fidelco raising funds to provide other blind veterans with canine companions to enrich their lives. He hosts an internet podcast, How To Be Blind, discussing various topics of interest to blind and sighted listeners."
"Higher education reform offers a huge opportunity for Republicans. It is an arena in which misguided federal policy causes many families great anxiety and exacts enormous costs — and where conservative principles put into practice could make for great improvements."
Happy #VeteransDay! Thank you to all the men and women who have served and sacrificed to protect the freedom and ensure the security of their fellow Americans. My statement commemorating this great day: http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=c9fe764b-bf7c-42b4-9fdb-f9142ed0c8d3
Sen. McConnell: "Today we celebrate Veterans Day and honor America’s veterans for their patriotism, love of country, and willingness to serve and sacrifice on behalf of the common good. From the freedom fighters of the Revolutionary War to today's veterans who fought bravely in Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere around the world, America has never lacked for brave men and women who were willing to stand for freedom. Today we give thanks for their service.  “Kentucky has a proud and venerable military history as home to both Fort Knox and Fort Campbell, with thousands of soldiers and their families. The Commonwealth also looks with great pride upon the scores of brave National Guard members and Reservists who have given much to defend our nation. And Kentucky is home to more than 330,000 veterans who have served bravely in uniform. They were willing to sacrifice their all for their country, and I’m proud to represent them in the United States Senate.  “So this Veterans Day, we recognize the service of every veteran who has served with honor and courage. We extend thanks to every man and woman in uniform. And we especially pay tribute to those who gave their lives for their country."
Each year on November 11, Americans celebrate and honor our nation’s veterans. At today’s Veterans Day Ceremony in Gardner, I had the opportunity to meet the Rifle Team from VFW post 11234. This group is a shining representation of the generations of men and women who have served our country with valor.
A moving shot from Veterans Park in Gardner, Kansas, today. I hope this Veterans Day, you took the time to honor and celebrate the veterans in your life. Whether it’s your sister, dad, grandpa or neighbor, take a moment to thank them for their courage and sacrifice, which has preserved the freedoms we all enjoy today.
I am visiting Gardner today where I have the opportunity to say thank you to veterans and their families as part of the Gardner Veterans Day ceremony. This is the 28th Annual Johnson County Veterans Day Observance and I am honored to be included. Here's a photo from the ceremony preparations.
On this Veterans Day, and every other day, we say thank you to those who serve past, present, and future.  We should remember to live every day appreciating the freedoms and liberties that our military has secured for us and continues to protect.
What a privilege it was to join in the Battle Dawgs Racing & Alaska Healing Hearts Benefit over the weekend. The purpose of the event is so worthwhile: to put wounded warriors at both the start and the finish of the 2015 Iditarod. And it’s more than that. Suicide among our veterans is an epidemic that needs to be addressed, and that’s exactly what organizers behind the event aim to do. Proceeds from the event will not only bring veterans to Alaska to have incredible Alaskan adventures, but to also show them their lives still have purpose after their military careers.
Honored to pay tribute to our nation's veterans at the 22nd Annual Blue Ash Veterans Day Ceremony today.
Thank you to all who have served our country & protected the freedoms we enjoy as Americans every day.
As a Marine, I think about our men and women in uniform everyday.  I think of my friend Bob Dole and his fellow World War II veterans. I think of my father who served on Iwo Jima and Okinawa, and I think of the young men and women in harm’s way defending our freedoms across the world right now.  Join me this Veterans Day, and thank a veteran. Thank them for their selfless and honorable contributions to our communities, our state and a grateful nation. Semper Fi.
ICYMI: Rubio: Honoring Our Veterans – In Words And Deeds:   "On this Veterans Day, we give thanks to all the brave men and women who have served our nation in uniform, as well as their families who have sacrificed so much."
To read more about Lieutenant Commander Lee Allen Hallman's story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=honoring-alabama-s-veterans
To read more about Major Jason Hulsey's story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=honoring-alabama-s-veterans
To read more about Senior Chief John A. Dodd, Jr.'s story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=honoring-alabama-s-veterans
To read more about Major Greg Wilson's story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=honoring-alabama-s-veterans
To read more about Staff Sergeant Richard Munroe Ferguson, Jr.'s story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=honoring-alabama-s-veterans
To read more about Sergeant First Class James Denson's story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=honoring-alabama-s-veterans
To read more about Staff Sergeant Ronald Eldridge Watt's story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=honoring-alabama-s-veterans
To read more about Staff Sergeant Eldridge Watts' story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/honoring-alabama-s-veterans
To read more about Riveter Geneva Howard Duke's story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/honoring-alabama-s-veterans
Veterans Day is an important time to remember that freedom does not come free, and that we owe a great debt of gratitude to the men and women in uniform for their extraordinary service.  Throughout the day, I will be highlighting the stories of several of Alabama’s military heroes who have served our great nation.  You can also view their stories on my website: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/honoring-alabama-s-veterans
NA
To all who have served and to their families, a very heartfelt thank you. Read my post here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/veterans-day
Take a moment today, and everyday, to thank the veterans in your life. They deserve our unwavering support and appreciation for their service to our country.
Thank you to our #Veterans.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty. We honor those who have risen to the challenge by serving in our armed forces. #VeteransDay #ThankYou
