Here are the facts about yesterday’s Senate vote to start debate on gun legislation.
  
 MYTH: Yesterday’s vote means gun-control legislation now could pass the Senate with a filibuster-proof 51 votes.
  
 FACT: Yesterday’s vote was only a procedural vote on whether to debate gun rights and Sen. Alexander has said he’s “always ready to defend and debate the Second Amendment constitutional rights of Tennesseans” on the Senate floor against those who seek to infringe on them. A second procedural vote, which will require 60 votes, will be required before final passage of any legislation – Sen. Alexander has said he “will oppose any legislation that infringes on our Second Amendment rights.”  
  
 MYTH: The NRA will consider yesterday’s Senate vote to begin debate on the bill when it grades senators’ records on Second Amendment rights.
  
 FACT: The NRA is not scoring yesterday’s vote by senators to start debate on the legislation. The NRA indicated that it might consider the final 60-vote cloture vote, but only if the debate and amendment process produces a bill the organization opposes: http://www.nraila.org/news-issues/news-from-nra-ila/2013/4/letter-from-nra-institute-for-legislative-action-executive-director-chris-cox-to-the-united-states-senate-on-background-checks.aspx
  
 Sen. Alexander has an “A” rating by the NRA. He said yesterday, “I’m always ready to defend and debate the Second Amendment constitutional rights of Tennesseans. In fact, I look forward to sponsoring and voting for amendments that strengthen those rights. To be unwilling to defend and debate Second Amendment rights on the Senate floor would be like joining the Grand Ole Opry and being unwilling to sing.”
  
 Alexander also announced that he will vote against the Toomey-Manchin bill, the first vote of the Senate gun debate, saying, “I’ll examine each amendment to determine whether it strengthens or infringes upon our Second Amendment rights. The Toomey-Manchin proposal to expand background checks in my opinion doesn’t meet that test and I will vote against it.”
  
 Finally, you might find this article by a Tennessee blogger on the Senate gun-control debate interesting: http://bluecollarmuse.com/2013/04/12/16-gop-senators-being-denounced-for-their-vote-did-what-exactly/
Enjoyed today's luncheon hosted by the Girl Scouts of the Green and White Mountains.  It was great to meet Kelsey Fleming – this year’s essay winner – who represents the very best of the Girl Scouts!
Thoughts and prayers are with Chief Maloney's family, the men & women of the Greenland Police Department, and the Greenland community as we remember the Chief's heroic sacrifice one year ago today.  Let's also be mindful of the risks that NH law enforcement officers face every day in keeping our citizens safe.
Always enjoy talking with Tom Bradley on 93.9 The Eagle in Columbia. Take a moment to listen to our conversation about the bills I’m co-sponsoring to improve mental health screening and treatment to prevent violence like we saw in Newtown, as well as the impact of sequestration on the Columbia airport and other parts of our economy.
It was a busy week in Washington. Get caught up on all that happened in this Week in Review post.
Congratulations to the graduates of Black River Technical College Law Enforcement Training Academy. We're proud of your efforts.
When we talk about job creation, free and fair trade is a vital component to a successful plan. An effective trade strategy with African nations will help us significantly add jobs here at home. The eagerness and willingness to be good trade partners on the part of African nations is there. The desire for American products, along with our ideals, is strong. The only thing missing is a cohesive strategy on our end. That is what we are aiming to create with this legislation.
NA
PHOTO: The Cherry Blossoms are in full bloom around Washington, D.C.
Talking with Chad Hasty on KFYO at 10:35am CT, listen in if you can:
Pres. Obama's budget limits what you can save for retirement, while leaving Social Security and Medicare on a path to insolvency
Full text of Toomey-Manchin, Public Saftety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act
There’s a lot of confusion out there. Here are the facts: Senator Corker is a strong supporter of the Second Amendment and has an “A” rating from the NRA. http://1.usa.gov/ZlPS1J His vote Thursday was to allow S. 649 to be debated and amended and was not scored by the NRA. There will be another vote next week (which will also require 60 votes for passage) to allow a final vote on the bill. Senator Corker has said he will filibuster any legislation that violates our Second Amendment rights.
Senator Corker voted today to allow S. 649 to be considered, debated and amended, saying: "...in the end, I will not support any legislation that violates our Second Amendment rights.” More: http://1.usa.gov/121pKxl http://1.usa.gov/XGfVFy
Yesterday I opposed the effort to move forward on gun control legislation due to concerns that it infringes on the Second Amendment and seeks to expand regulations on gun owners when current laws are not being enforced. The Senate voted 68-31 to proceed to the bill, which is set to be debated on the Senate floor next week.
Congratulations to agricultural equipment supplier Petersen Ag Systems, Inc., based in Norfolk, for being named the 2013 Nebraska Small Business of the year by the U.S. Small Business Administration! Small businesses continue to be a driving force behind economic growth and job creation, and it’s important we recognize the impact of local business owners and entrepreneurs in Nebraska’s communities and across the country. http://www.petersenagsystems.com
ICYMI: I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about the budget proposal recently released by President Obama. I'm pleased the president has finally put forward some specific proposals to reform and save critical programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. However, I’m disappointed this budget calls for $1.1 trillion more in taxes - more tax hikes, more spending, more debt, and no balanced budget. Watch the my floor speech here:
Always great to see Nebraska students visiting Washington, DC! Students from Clearwater-Orchard High School were participating in the Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs.
NA
If u care abt world peace &PaxAmericana read Mark Helprin WSJournal 4/10/13 "Decline of US Military Strength"
Glad Obama Admin supports Japan entry TransPacificPartnership-  Markets 4 ag, manufacture& biz. TPP=forum 2 push against restriction on beef
Senate confirming Obama judicial noms: 181-2. Obstruction complaints fr WH don't hold up  Facts in my YouTube address 2day.
At the Cedarvalley nonprofit awards luncheon Iowa Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds gave an outstanding keynote address
At the Cedarvalley nonprofit awards luncheon I had the privilege of sharing a table with  MayorJohn Crews of Cedar Falls.
Just attended the ninth annual Cedarvalley nonprofit awards luncheon at the University of Northern Iowa
Grassley sets record straight with facts about federal judicial nominations
Regulatory Reform Initiative Seeks Sunshine, Accountability, and Pro-Jobs Environment
Thanks Touro University Nevada for the opportunity to hold a town hall today. Had a great time.
Today, the Secretary of the Navy is set to announce a future joint high-speed vessel “USNS Carson City.” This will become a symbol of the community values and American principles shared by both Nevadans and the US Navy. http://1.usa.gov/110ZyAv
As senior member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I had the opportunity yesterday to question Gina McCarthy in her nomination hearing to head the EPA. While her response to my questions were underwhelming, I will continue to push for answers from Ms. McCarthy in the weeks to come. One of the issues I plan to follow up on is the EPA's action to overrule Oklahoma's Regional Haze State Implementation Plan. I spoke to Randy at the Tulsa World about my concerns, which can be read here: http://www.tulsaworld.com/article.aspx/Oklahoma_Sen_Jim_Inhofe_calls_White_House_nominee_for/20130412_16_A4_CUTLIN132201
A little after 6:00 p.m. EST last night, my office received the completed language of the Toomey-Manchin background check amendment to the gun control bill.  As this language will become the core focus of the debate over gun control that will happen over the coming days, the Senate should have waited until this language was available before holding any votes on this legislation.  I have included a link to this legislation on the Protect 2A page of my website, and I invite everyone who wants to be part of this debate to go review this bill and submit your feedback through the Protect 2A page:
This week, I met with with Tom Albers, Hays High School Assistant Principal, to congratulate him on being selected as the 2013 Kansas High School Assistant Principal of the Year. Albers was selected for the award by his peers, which is presented annually by the Kansas Association for Secondary School Principals.  In order to be successful, our schools need committed, positive leaders, and I commend Tom for his dedication to helping Kansas students reach their full potentials in the classroom and beyond. I also know first-hand how deserving Tom is of this award because my two daughters attended Hays High School during his tenure.
Next Tuesday, April 16, Fort Riley will host the "Hiring Heroes Career Fair" for veterans and their families. Army officials expect more than 50 potential employers from both the public and private sectors to attend. We must make certain our veterans are afforded every opportunity to thrive here at home in return for their service and sacrifice. Click the link below to learn more.
Today, Father Kapaun was posthumously inducted into the Pentagon’s Hall of Heroes—the Defense Department’s permanent display of record for all recipients of the Medal of Honor. Watch the moving ceremony where Secretary Hagel and Fr. Kapaun’s nephew, Ray Kapaun, spoke, via the link below.
Thanks to the more than 300 citizens, county commissioners, city council members and business community leaders who attended the Air Force’s public forum in Wichita last night and expressed their support for basing the new KC-46 refueling tanker at McConnell AFB – which remains a top finalist in the selection process. Kansans have a long history of service and support to air power, and I am hopeful this tradition will continue with the selection of McConnell for the new tanker basing.
Today, Fr. Kapaun will be inducted into the Hall of Heroes at the Pentagon. The formal ceremony is scheduled to start at 1 p.m. CT. A live video stream is viewable via the link below.
We have a real problem with affordable housing in Alaska, and often, the affordable housing we do have is substandard.  One third of the homes in Rural Alaska don’t have running water or flush toilets.  For decades, we have been talking about retiring the Honey Bucket to the museum, but we are not there yet.  This isn’t only a housing or health issue- it’s impacting how we’re able to tackle domestic violence.  When a woman has to return to a dangerous situation because she can’t afford to live anywhere else, it’s unacceptable!
I really enjoyed connecting with young Alaskans at Nikolaevsk School’s career awareness class via Skype this week.  They all had great questions and are thinking about their future, which is a very good thing.  My thanks to John Jones, a student there, for the invite!  (I am glad we could use technology to bridge the 4,000 mile divide)
Congrats to the Mat-Su VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic on 4 years of great service to the veterans in the Valley.  Thomas and Elsie Kopaceski delivered this cake today to the clinic this morning, and Gerri Sumpter of my Mat-Su District Office was there to help celebrate. There's something about having cake for breakfast, especially for a great cause!
Does the president’s budget fund any tsunami debris clean up on Alaskan shores?  I asked that very question today:
Tax Freedom Day arrives today in Ohio – Americans worked five days more this year than in 2012 to pay their taxes. #WrongDirection
Because media not covering, many are just hearing about the Gosnell case. Such a tragic story, & inexcusable lack of attn paid being paid to it.
Exciting work going on with health care partnerships in Northeast Ohio. Glad to hear from University Hospitals CEO, Tom Zenty.
Great update in Central OH break-out session about Honda teaming up with Tri-Rivers in Marion to train folks in autonomous robots.
Talked jobs and workforce training at panel discussion at my Ohio Jobs & Workforce Development Summit in Columbus.
I'll be joining Rep. Whitfield and Sens. McConnell and Alexander tomorrow at Lake Barkley to promote the Freedom to Fish Act.
Immigration reform starts with a secure border.  Read the Op-Ed I wrote for the Washington Times regarding my three-step plan for immigration reform.  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/apr/12/immigration-reform-starts-with-a-secure-border/#ixzz2QFsQRzIv
ICYMI: Momentum builds on efforts to improve the food stamp program. I am glad to team up with Congressman Randy Neugebauer who has introduced a companion bill to mine in the House.
For a #FF follow my Instagram account we just launched this week!  You can find me @SenPatRoberts 
 
 http://instagram.com/senpatroberts
Father Emil Kapaun has been officially inducted into the Pentagon's Hall of Heroes. An honor more than well deserved. #MOHKapaun
Ray Kapaun gave a very moving speech today at the induction of his Uncle, Medal of Honor recipient Father Emil Kapaun, to the Hall of Heroes.
My friend Bob Dole wasn't able to make it today, but he wanted me to pass along his best to his fellow vets. Spending time with these guys reminds you why they are the greatest generation. #semperfi
The rain couldn't keep Coffey County's WWII heroes away from their memorial. #HonorFlight
Roy Wenzl of the Wichita Eagle gives you a behind the scenes glimpse of the veterans who served with Father Kapaun and what these moments mean to them. Read more of their stories here: http://www.kansas.com/2013/04/12/2758581/medal-of-honor-ceremony-moves.html
NA
NA
Sessions visited the Humminbird facility in Eufaula:
Heading to Cherokee County for tonight's Education Liftoff in Gaffney!
Exciting day in Rock Hill as we honor the athletes and organizers of the Area 11 Special Olympics!
Really enjoyed meeting with the students of Lewisville High School in Chester County - State Class A Basketball Champions!
Busy day today in South Carolina - visiting Lancaster, Chester, York and Cherokee counties!
Did you know? The Public Safety And 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act allows interstate sales of handguns, which is currently banned.
Did you know? The Public Safety and 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act now allows concealed carry permit holders to skip a background check altogether.
Did you know? The Public Safety & Second Amendment Rights Protection Act expressly prohibits a national registry and goes one step further by requiring 15 years in jail for any government official who attempts to keep such a list. In other words, this amendment makes it harder – not easier – to create a federal registry than it already is under current law.
