Today EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy is wrapping up her trip to Missouri, where she’s been trying to sell the Obama Administration’s proposed water rule. Farm families and other Missourians have very valid concerns surrounding this rule, which would significantly expand federal authority over private and state waters. I’m glad to co-sponsor a bill to stop President Obama’s #EPA from taking over all private and state water in the United States.
The continued taxpayer waste that has resulted from #ObamaCare is evidence of what happens when the government oversteps its bounds.
While the President requested emergency funding to help control the illegal immigrant crisis at the Southwest border, I have concerns with approving money without reforms to our immigration policy. As a member of the Appropriations Committee we asked administration officials about the plans for this request.
An unintended consequence of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008, an otherwise well-intended law, makes it more difficult to return the unaccompanied minors here illegally to their home countries. I cosponsored an amendment that would correct this portion of the law, which even the President even has asked for, and yet Majority Leader Reid continues to block GOP amendments. A crisis of this magnitude is not the time for political games. The Majority Leader should stop delaying efforts to help.
124 years ago on this day in history, Wyoming was admitted to the union as the 44th state. Here is a picture of the Wyoming flag proudly hanging in the hallway of the United States Senate:
It was great to meet with Hoosier soybean farmers to discuss agriculture issues in Indiana
NA
An inside look at today's hearing to consider the President's emergency funding request to address the humanitarian crisis caused by an influx of unaccompanied children on the Southwest border.
VIDEO - Cornyn: What The President Would Have Seen Had He Made Time To Visit TX Border:
"The inherent vice of capitalism is the uneven division of blessings, while the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal division of misery." -- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
Texans do not need a lecture from a man who refuses to even see the crisis firsthand. President Obama can fundraise and issue statements, Texans will work to solve the problem. 
The forecast for illegal border crossings into the US has been pushed even higher. We can only reverse this trend if President Obama stops supporting amnesty.
Even Democrats are criticizing President Obama for running away from the humanitarian disaster that his policies have created. #SecureTheBorder
Senate Democrats just voted against the text of the First Amendment.  Again.  #DontRepeal1A
President Obama doesn't need additional funding from Congress to secure the border, enforce our laws, and stop granting amnesty.
Putting politics over duty: how President Obama's campaign tactics stoked the border crisis. #SecureTheBorder
Happy Birthday Wyoming! On this day in 1890, we became the 44th state.
There’s a reason I’m holding this flag today. Any folks in Wyoming know why?
Today Senators David Vitter, John Barrasso and I asked the EPA to withdraw its direct final rule that would make it easier for the EPA to garnish the wages of private citizens. As Americans were preparing to celebrate Independence Day and our freedoms, the EPA was quietly seeking another way to take away some of those freedoms. You may want to look into this rule and comment. 
NA
Disappointed the Majority Leader again refused to allow senators to represent their constituents by blocking all amendments to legislation considered by the Senate today. As a result, the amendment I offered with Senator Johanns and Senator Thune to give Nebraskans greater local power to counter potential federal land acquisitions was not allowed a vote.  I will continue to work to voice the concerns of Nebraskans who are rightly troubled by the federal government’s attempt to seize control of land they have responsibly taken care of for so long. 
The State of Israel is under siege on multiple fronts.  Hamas is a terrorist organization that has fired hundreds of rockets at the State of Israel. This is truly an act of terrorism that needs to be condemned.   I believe the Senate will speak with one voice in condemning the actions of the terrorist organization Hamas and standing by America’s best friend in the region, the State of Israel.  There is no moral equivalency between the self-defense actions of Israel and the barbaric actions of Hamas.
Sen. Grassley outlines why poor federal government oversight of medical research dollars harms taxpayers as well as disease sufferers hoping for a cure.  Read more here. 
Failure to lead by POTUS is making border crisis worse. Watch: http://bit.ly/1onmIeu 
We have the lowest cost, highest quality food supply in the world. Now the EPA, by its own volition is going to go out and make it harder, more expensive and more difficult for our farmers and ranchers to do what they do better than anyone in the world. Farmers and ranchers have to work through uncertain weather and markets to ensure we have food security, and they don’t need the burden of additional regulations and litigation. They certainly don’t need that burden under the auspices that EPA says, oh somehow this is going to help you. Well, that’s not the case.
NA
Israelis constantly face the threat of terrorism coming from the Gaza Strip and terrorist organizations like Hamas who seek the destruction of the state of Israel. As Israel continues to protect its citizens and defend its homeland, my prayers are with the families of those who have been killed and the innocent Israelis who remain in harms way. I hold out hope for a peaceful resolution to the violence which maintains the strength and territorial sovereignty of one of our strongest and most sincere allies, Israel.
During the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing yesterday on the border crisis, Sen. Johnson asked the panel what they are doing to bring Sgt. Tahmooressi home.
Talked with the Illinois Soybean Association about my plan to upgrade our state's locks and dams to boost ag exports from #Illinois, the nation's no. 1 soybean producer.
While we continue to focus on the nuclear talks, we can't forget #Iran is a state-sponsor of terrorism that persecutes its own people. Today Senator Marco Rubio and I introduced a bill to crack down on human rights abusers in Iran: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1135
Today in Judiciary Committee we voted on S.J. Res. 19: a constitutional amendment that would give Congress power to curtail Americans' First Amendment right to free speech.   It doesn’t take a complicated constitutional exposition to see what this proposed amendment is really about: power…giving it to sitting Members of Congress and taking it away from the American people, including, not coincidentally, any potential candidate that might like to challenge a sitting Member of Congress.  As we have seen in the unfolding scandal at the IRS, there is a permanent temptation facing those in power to muzzle dissent and a permanent inclination to deceive oneself into thinking that such a temptation does not exist.  This is precisely why we have a written Constitution that checks those in authority and prevents the kind of proposal I voted against today.
"Instead of scrambling to keep the love of Big Business, Republicans should accept Schumer’s framing: The Democrats are the party of Big Business and Big Government."
We're about halfway through tonight's tele-townhall.  You can join us here: http://vid1.teleforumonline.com/video/video.php?client=7907
My tele-townhall is starting now. You can join us here:
It was great to welcome One Voice Against Cancer (OVAC) to our nation's capital this week to discuss support for cancer research and prevention screening initiatives. OVAC is a coalition of health care stakeholder groups representing millions of cancer researchers, patients, survivors and their families throughout the nation. Thanks to Leesa Gabel of Olathe, James Hamilton of Topeka, Jim Miksch of Prairie Village and Molly Johnson of Wichita for coming to discuss such an important issue that affects so many Kansans.
I am frustrated and concerned about the administration's handling of the illegal immigration situation on the U.S./Mexico border.  They say they have been seeing a steady rise in these illegal unaccompanied minors for years, and they are only now calling for action and portraying it as a sudden emergency.
Congratulations to Alaska Air National Guardsman Master Sergeant Roger Sparks, recipient of the Silver Star Medal, the military’s third highest decoration for valor and gallantry while in action against enemy forces, for his heroic actions in Afghanistan in 2010. Sparks truly upheld the Pararescue vow "The Things I Do, That Others May Live" with his selfless actions during a lifesaving rescue in the face of a fierce Taliban assault. Tomorrow, MSgt Sparks receives his Silver Star Medal at JBER.
The Today Show's Natalie Morales visited Juneau and explored the beautiful Mendenhall Glacier. I'm glad that she was able to visit our state and have an authentic Alaskan experience.  Natalie, next time bring the whole show up to the 49th state! 
Good news for Alaska!  Last night, the Senate passed the Huna Tlingit Traditional Gull Egg Use Act, a bill Rep. Don Young and I have been working on for over three years. This legislation is long overdue, but it is finally done and headed to the President's desk -- it’s also a step in the right direction for subsistence rights on federal lands. I’m deeply proud to have played a part in making sure we help preserve the cultural identity of the Huna Tlingit people.
Just spoke on the Senate floor about my bill that will help Ohio workers connect with open jobs. 
Earlier today, I met with my summer interns to hear about their experience on Capitol Hill.
Today I had the opportunity to speak at the 19th Annual Eagle Forum Collegians Leadership Summit. It is always a pleasure to meet with and learn from our nation's college students.
Hearing "Home" by Sundy Best makes me homesick for #Kentucky. Wishing Senator Harry Reid would either let us vote or send us home: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es6IC7-bC0I
Marine Sergeant Tahmooressi has been imprisoned for over one hundred days. Enough is enough. Mr. President, It’s time to bring him home.  http://1.usa.gov/1mDuaVR
Rubio, Shaheen Introduce The Girls Count Act: http://1.usa.gov/1xZMEUp  Every year, approximately 51 million children under the age of five are not registered at birth, most of whom are girls. Proof of birth determines a child’s citizenship, nationality, place of birth, parentage and age, which are critical to ensuring children remain a part of society and do not fall victim to dangers such as exploitation.     “Young boys and girls of all ages deserve to be properly recognized and identified. Failing to register children at birth leaves them vulnerable to human trafficking and exploitation, yet millions of children around the world continue to be denied this basic human right,” said Rubio. “While both boys and girls fail to receive proper identification in their countries, it is young women who are disproportionately affected. These young girls deserve to be recognized, and they deserve to be counted.   “A nationally recognized proof of birth system is critical to establishing key documentation for a child, which ultimately ensures that child can go on to fully participate and contribute to society,” added Rubio. “The Girls Count Act will help pave the way for women to benefit from new opportunities previously denied to them, and is a strong step forward in the fight against human trafficking and forced labor.”  
Rubio Urges Administration To Advocate For The Return Of U.S. Marine Jailed In Mexico: http://1.usa.gov/1rbdi9X  “I am very dismayed by the judicial order to continue detaining Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi in Mexico. Sgt. Tahmooressi has been languishing in a Mexican prison long enough.    “My office met with Sgt. Tahmooressi’s mother in Florida last week and has been in contact with the family from the start of this ordeal. We remain committed to doing whatever we can to assist them during this difficult time.   “It’s time for the Obama Administration to wake up and advocate for his return home. The Obama Administration’s virtual silence and inaction on Sgt. Tahmooressi’s case has been beyond troubling. It’s sheer indifference. The Obama Administration needs to step up our diplomatic efforts to bring this Marine home.”  
Rubio Releases Constituent Service Report As His Office Marks 500th Mobile Office Hours Event. REPORT: http://1.usa.gov/1lWsQsF  “Today, my office and I are proud to celebrate our 500th Mobile Office Hours event, with an identity theft and scam prevention seminar that’s being held in Winter Park, Florida.    “Since my election in 2010, my biggest priority has been making sure that my staff and I are available to help constituents with whatever federal assistance they may need.   “Case after case, we have been reminded of how the federal government impacts – and sometimes stands in the way of – people’s ability to achieve the American Dream.   “Whether it’s the case of a constituent whose tax refund is delayed, or by helping one of our veterans who is having a problem receiving their benefits. Or a matter of expediting a visa or a passport, or by putting together seminars that aim to protect Floridians from scams or identity theft – my office and I always stand ready and willing to help.   “More than halfway through my Senate term, I am most proud of knowing that we have made a real difference in the lives of real people. Our service to our constituents has come to be the single, most rewarding part of my job.    “Today, as we mark this occasion of our 500th  Mobile Office Hours event, my office and I renew our commitment to serve the people of Florida to the very best of our abilities.” 
In Case You Missed It: Senator Shelby discussed our border crisis on Fox News with Gretchen Carlson this afternoon.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGXEu0X9NA8&feature=youtu.be
View the link below to see the WBRC segment on Sen. Sessions' legislation to protect victims of child abuse:
Visit http://www.scott.senate.gov/veterans to register or learn more!
Last week, I had a great visit to the Little League Museum in #Williamsport and was provided the opportunity to commemorate Little League's 75th Anniversary! http://goo.gl/Bh2Rb4
Agreed. #visitPA  #PASummerDays
Without question, Chuck Noll was one of the finest coaches & teachers in NFL history. Four Super Bowl titles. Nearly 200 career wins. We will miss him. #SteelerNation
Join me in the fight to #EndTrafficking.
