The American people have found out what is in Obamacare- broken promises. It’s time for us to be realistic and pursue a plan that repeals Obamacare and replaces it with common-sense, patient-centered reforms that reduce health care costs and increase access to affordable, high-quality care. Today, Senators Coburn, Hatch, and I have unveiled just such a plan, the Patient Choice, Affordability, Responsibility, and Empowerment (CARE) Act. 
Op-Ed: As more resources go toward fire suppression, resources that could be used to implement projects that improve forest health, benefit forest communities and enhance public safety are squeezed.   In 8 of the past 10 years, federal agencies’ fire suppression efforts have been under-budgeted, which has led to resources being taken from important projects to cover the federal government’s response to wildland fires.  We know that wildfires are going to continue to be a threat, and we can better prepare for the increasing costs of wildland fire management by making needed changes that will support the preparation of firefighters and land managers.  That is why fellow Idaho Senator Risch and I have partnered with Senator Wyden (D-Oregon) in sponsoring bipartisan legislation, S. 1875, to provide for more efficient and effective fire management and decrease the threat to fire prevention.  Importantly, the legislation would improve the way wildfire suppression is funded without increasing federal funding.  
NA
Senator Collins is scheduled to speak on the Senate floor around 2:45pm today to commemorate Senator Margaret Chase Smith's historic announcement.  You can watch live here:  http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Lincoln Lakes Region Chamber of Commerce President Betty Pomeroy, Senator Collins, and Amanda Dunn accepting the Business of the Year award for FA Peabody.  
 A great evening and congratulations to all of the award recipients!
Senator Collins attended the Bangor Region Chamber of Commerce annual awards dinner and presented the Catherine Lebowitz Public Service Award. A great night with lots of great friends in Bangor!
The Texas Tech connection at Sunday's Super Bowl
NA
NA
VIDEO: Obama's Stronger America:
Sitting down with Greta Van Susteren. Catch it on Fox News tonight at 6pm CT!
Today, the world pauses on Holocaust Remembrance Day to remember the pure evil that engulfed the world more than 69 years ago as we celebrate the solemn anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in Poland on January 27, 1945.  The Nazis built over 42,500 concentration camps all over Europe, which were used to systematically murder as many as 20 million people, 6 million of them Jews.These camps were specifically designed for mass imprisonment, torture, starvation, and death. Auschwitz-Birkenau served as one of the largest concentration camps that Hitler used in an attempt to implement the “Final Solution,” his plan to exterminate the Jewish people.  We must never forget these horrific atrocities, and let us take a moment to pray for the families who have suffered so brutally in this affront to humanity.  As we remember the victims of the Holocaust this year, the words “never forget” have a special meaning. We must recognize another brutal regime is threatening the destruction of the Jewish people and the West—once again. We must learn the hard lessons of World War II, recognize the true motivations of the Iranian regime, and unequivocally stand with our allies to ensure they never build the most destructive weapon the world has ever known.  Never forget, and never again.
In his #SOTU address, President Obama should apologize to the millions of Americans who've lost their health care plans because of Obamacare.
Sharing with Gretchen Carlson why President Obama should apologize to the American people in #SOTU tomorrow.
SHARE if you agree the people deserve to know why four Americans perished in a preventable terrorist attack in Benghazi. http://1.usa.gov/1eaN16h #SOTU
One thing President Obama really ought to say tomorrow in his #SOTU?   This:
The Senate majority wants to extend “emergency” unemployment insurance without allowing a fair debate and votes on minority amendments. Unemployment benefits do have a cost. This expenditure should be recognized and paid for instead of just adding billions of dollars to our debt every few months. People are having a hard time supporting their families, but the answer isn't a federal program that borrows more money. The answer is policies that allow the private sector to create the jobs people need.
Today I had a great meeting with the new STRATCOM Commander, Admiral Cecil Haney, to discuss upcoming defense priorities regarding strategic deterrence.
NA
This legislation is about fairness and affordability. It prevents FEMA from unfairly increasing flood insurance rates on North Dakotans and Americans. The legislation includes our Flood Safe Basements Act to ensure that communities are able to continue using floodproofed basement credits. We need affordable and fair flood insurance premiums. We need to get this done.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-bill-preventing-flood-insurance-rate-hikes-moves-to-senate-floor-hoeven-continues-push-for-passage
Signed Farm Bill Conference Report this afternoon. This is an important step forward to passing long-term, comprehensive Farm Bill.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=f6a74911-ae82-4549-985a-d1c13869402e
Tune in to CNN tonight at 5:30CT/6:30ET.  I'll be on Crossfire discussing tomorrow's State of the Union address.    Join the debate by using #Crossfire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Postponement of the Minot processing center’s closure will give us additional time to make our case, which is that the logistical and service problems resulting from closure will have a harmful impact on residents and businesses. The rapid growth of the entire region’s economy and population warrants retaining the postal processing center. Further, while progress has been made in general service to western North Dakota, significant challenges remain and need to be addressed. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=2626ed3b-ed01-4f31-b179-557e2fc912e6
Please join me in wishing the North Dakota National Guard a happy birthday!  The outstanding men and women who make up our Guard are second to none.
After FEMA denied aid to Illinois towns rebuilding from tornadoes, Senator Dick Durbin and I introduced a bill to make the disaster declaration process more fair.
Today, the U.S. Department of Transportation announced that Southwest Airlines will temporarily operate a route from Kansas City International Airport to Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport beginning Feb. 1. This seamless transition following Frontier’s departure is very good news for Kansas City and air travelers in Kansas. Maintaining access to air service is essential to connecting Kansas businesses to the rest of the country.
I had the honor of helping present the 2013 Wichita Aero Club Trophy to Cessna Chairman Emeritus Russ Meyer on Saturday. For nearly 40 years, Russ was considered by many to be the “face” of Wichita’s aviation industry. As the CEO of Cessna Aircraft Company for more than 25 years, Russ was instrumental in the company’s significant growth and success. Russ not only led Cessna to new heights, but his leadership as the chairman of the General Aviation Manufacturers Association has been regarded as the most far-reaching and effective in the history of general aviation. But if you ask Russ about his greatest accomplishments and passions in life, chances are, he will talk about his ongoing work in the Wichita community and his role as a husband, father and grandfather. Congrats again to Russ on this incredible achievement.
Big crowd this evening supporting Holy Family Elementary School in Hays for the soup and sandwich supper. This week is National Catholic Schools Week, an annual celebration of Catholic education and its contributions to our communities and nation.
News accounts are saying that the government is tracking our actions and accessing our personal information via smart phone apps like games or social media. I don't doubt that America faces new global threats and there are new technologies that can be used consistent with our civil liberties, but I do not understand how tracking Angry Birds scores or capturing Facebook posts from law-abiding Americans makes a single person safer.
Jane's and my thoughts & prayers are with the families of the brave firefighters who lost their lives in Toledo yesterday. True heroes.
I spoke with Potter Gray Elementary School 4th grader, Clay W., about my life as a Senator, my favorite sports & my favorite foods.  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjuU1wv9wX0 …
In case you missed it: On Sunday, I joined CNN's Candy Crowley on State of the Union and NBC's David Gregory on Meet the Press to discuss the current state of our union, the future of the GOP and more.  WATCH below:  State of the Union:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxtRQN-DOzI Meet the Press: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xv6rf4FvUZA
Senator Rubio Commemorates International Holocaust Remembrance Day: http://1.usa.gov/M6qUmP  Rubio: "The Holocaust will forever stand as a grave example of the terrifying capabilities of evil, the dangers of absolute power, and the price the world pays when it turns a blind eye to oppression. But it also stands as an emblem of extraordinary resilience and courage; a marker of the power of faith, hope and love in surmounting even the worst horrors imaginable."
Senator Rubio: We Should Not Be Bailing Out A Failure: 1.usa.gov/1f6Dg7h    Washington, D.C. – In this week’s installment of Marco’s Constituent Mailbox video series, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) revisits the likelihood of a potential taxpayer-funded bailout of insurance companies under ObamaCare.    Rubio reads and responds to constituent letters — from Paul in Vero Beach, Robert in Orlando, and Kenneth from Longwood  — and addresses their concerns with the health care law’s flaws.   In response, Rubio said, “What the law says is: ‘Now, the federal government, meaning you and your taxpayer dollars, will have to come in and bail these companies out.’ To me, that is absolutely wrong on two fronts. Number one: government should not be participating in using taxpayer funds to bail out private companies. And number two, the second problem is if you’ve got to bail out ObamaCare with federal funds, it tells you the law is a failure. We should not be bailing out a failure.”   Rubio also highlighted S.1726, The ObamaCare Taxpayer Bailout Prevention Act, a bill he introduced last year that would eliminate the provision of ObamaCare that allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of insurance companies at the Obama Administration’s sole discretion.   Rubio said, “Interestingly enough, I’m starting to receive, at this point, quiet, bipartisan interest in the issue. But I think in the months to come, as we get closer and closer to the reality that all of you are going to have to be seeing your taxpayer dollars going towards bailing out private companies at a time when our national debt is at $17 trillion and growing, I think you’re going to see a growing amount of support for that position.”   Rubio encourages constituents to continue writing letters and sharing their concerns regarding ObamaCare via Rubio’s official website, rubio.senate.gov. 
NA
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions Monday op-ed in USA today urging the House GOP not to capitulate to the President's immigration push:  "With three job seekers for every open job, [the president] proposes doubling the number of guest workers entering every year, granting immediate work permits to millions of illegal immigrants, and tripling the number of new immigrants granted permanent residency over the next decade...The choice is clear. Either the GOP can help the White House deliver a crushing hammer blow to the middle class — or it can stand alone as the one party defending the legitimate interests of American workers."
Bundle up and be careful in this winter weather!  The SC Emergency Management Division has tips for staying safe when the temperature drops: http://www.scemd.org/planandprepare/disasters/severe-winter-weather
NA
Congratulations to South Carolina native Darius Rucker for his Grammy win last night!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvKyBcCDOB4
What I hope we hear in tomorrow's #SOTU address: Tax reform to spur economic growth and enable American workers to compete successfully against foreign workers. What do you want to hear?
It’s International Holocaust Remembrance Day. Today in 1945, Allied troops liberated Auschwitz-Birkenau. Never forget.
What I hope we hear in tomorrow's #SOTU address: A decision to allow production of oil and natural gas on more federal lands to diminish our dependence on foreign energy. What do you want to hear?
What I hope we hear in tomorrow's #SOTU address: Approval of #KeystoneXL, which would create jobs with PA-based contractors and suppliers.
Thrilled that York Mayor Kim Bracey will be my guest at the #SOTU address tomorrow night. Learn more about her here: http://yorkcity.org/mayor-c-kim-bracey
What I hope we hear in tomorrow's #SOTU address: A firm stand against excessive, job-killing regulations so that more unemployed Pennsylvanians can find work. What do you want to hear?
Philly has lost a sports legend in Tom Gola.   Mr. Gola was one of only two collegiate players to amass 2,000 points and rebounds.  He also won titles while playing at La Salle University and in the NBA with the Philadelphia Warriors.    http://bit.ly/M4r6Dc
The best welfare program is a jobs program. The best unemployment program is one that creates jobs for Americans. Americans are ready to go to work. Rather than focus on the politics of jealousy and income inequality, the President should demonstrate leadership and cooperation. In a divided government, both are necessary to bring about the enduring economic recovery that this country needs.
Wicker Report | The State of the Union offers the President a chance to tell Congress and the nation how he plans to repair the damage that the health-care law has caused and whether he is willing to work with Republicans. In a divided government, success depends on leadership and cooperation.  Both could help bring about positive health-care reform and a lasting economic recovery.
