Senator Ayotte's statement on the VA Inspector General's interim report released today: "The IG's interim findings confirm reports of systemic, gross misconduct at the VA, denying care to thousands of veterans at one facility alone while employees gamed the scheduling system. Such treatment of our veterans - who have served and sacrificed so much for our nation -- is shameful, and the administration's response so far has been totally inadequate. Fixing these serious problems must be the administration's highest priority - starting with new leadership at the VA. The Justice Department must also thoroughly investigate evidence of criminal conduct and prosecute those responsible to the fullest extent of the law."
Today Senator Ayotte met with officials and toured GE Aviation's plant in Hooksett to learn about the facility's manufacturing operations.  She also held a Q&A session with GE Aviation employees.
Senator Ayotte met today with officials at the Nashua Municipal Airport and toured Infinity Aviation, the airport's largest single employer.
Senator Ayotte was glad to join New Hampshire law enforcement this morning for this year's Torch Run benefiting Special Olympics New Hampshire!
At a press conference held at Hollis Town Hall on May 27, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte and officials of TDS Telecom celebrated the launch of the service, designed to meet the ever-growing demand by customers for bandwidth.
I’m sitting down with people who are taking responsibility for being on the front lines of behavior health issues and talking with them about what they’re doing, what they need, and among other things how that might relate to veterans and their families. 
Adding to the growing chorus, Senators McCain, Flake, and Udall call for Secretary Shinseki’s resignation. #VAaccountability 
“Delaying medical care to veterans and manipulating records to hide those delays is "systemic throughout" the Department of Veterans Affairs health system, the VA's Office of Inspector General said in a preliminary report Wednesday.”
Daily Beast has a new article on another VA facility gaming the system – “For years, employees at a Texas VA complained that their bosses were cooking the books. For years, the VA insisted there was no widespread wrongdoing.” #VAaccountability
NA
NA
Idaho’s finger steaks need your vote in Roll Call’s annual Taste of America food contest.  Head over to cast your vote for Idaho here: http://bit.ly/1jonwBi. #idpol
It was a great luncheon today with the Pine Tree Council, BSA celebrating Scouting's success in Maine!
Following IG Report, Cornyn Calls On President To Direct FBI To Investigate VA:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Nothing threatening about voter ID:
The biggest threat to the security of Israel and the United States is the prospect of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons capability.
It is past time for Sudan to release Meriam Ibrahim and her young, U.S.-citizen children.
I join Senator McCain in calling for General Shinseki to resign and, if he does not resign, for the president to ask for his resignation.
Mount Ayr Town Meeting 34 people Topics-Fast & Furious, Benghazi, pipeline, tort reform, Obamacare, guns, EPA regs, partisanship
Q&A tour w 26 ppl Creston Bean Processing Topics-Ukraine, waterways, trade, debt, partisanship, road funding
50 people at town meeting for Q&A in Atlantic.
Atlantic Town Meeting 53 ppl Topics-VA problems, Obamacare, Benghazi, Reid, Common Core, Marijuana
Greenfield TOwn meeting 51 people Topics-highways, immigration, voter ID, Syria, partisanship, EPA regs, guns, XL pipeline, debt
Q&A tour w 32 employees Grip-Tite Manufacturing in Winterset Topics- Obamacare, Social Security, partisanship, taxes, gun rights
Q&A with workers at Grip-Tite in Winterset.
NA
Here is Bill’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Saddened by the passing of Maya Angelou. She will remain one of America's treasures and her words will continue to inspire.
We have been working to develop a comprehensive approach to flood protection for the entire Red River Valley, including flood protection infrastructure. This new FEMA grant to improve Cass County’s Lake Shure Bridge is a part of that larger plan.
On Monday, the President will announce a cornerstone regulation in his climate change agenda that will encourage states to use cap-and-trade systems to reduce carbon emissions for current power plants. I have been warning for some time now that the President's aggressive climate change agenda is hurting job creation and will make our electricity grid less affordable and less reliable. Today the U.S. Chamber of Commerce released a report that shows the President's desire to regulate CO2 emissions will result in 224,000 jobs lost each year and an increase in electricity costs by $289 billion. https://www.uschamber.com/blog/double-whammy-epa-carbon-regulations-will-mean-higher-electricity-costs-fewer-jobs
I am concerned that the President’s plan to drawdown troops in Afghanistan after 2014 is based on an arbitrary timeline – repeating his past mistake of ignoring conditions on the ground. We cannot afford to have a repeat of Iraq, where President Obama's short-sighted foreign policy and quick withdrawal of troops has resulted in a rapidly deteriorating security situation. Iraq is now a safe haven for international terrorists and the democratic gains made possible by our military are at risk. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-presidents-troop-reduction-in-afghanistan
Congratulations to the UW-Whitewater Warhawks on a stunning three-sport championship sweep. http://t.co/9CyBaQD1bq
VA IG report on Phoenix VA says #veterans waited an average of 115 days for appointments – nearly 5x longer than officially reported. This is unacceptable. On Friday, I am meeting with #Illinois vets who have shared their stories of mistreatment at VA hospitals. Share your story: vets@kirk.senate.gov
I was the only member of the Senate Armed Services Committee to vote no on reporting the National Defense Authorization Act out of committee largely because of a provision that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to provide a broad range of assistance, including lethal aid, to opposition forces in #Syria.   When senior members of the president’s national security team cannot guarantee that assistance won’t fall into the hands of our enemies, or that the people we train today won’t be fighting alongside al-Qaeda tomorrow, we should be very careful in considering approaches that could assist extremists in that conflict. This could be like pouring gasoline on a fire.
This afternoon, I stopped in Hill City to tour Graham County Hospital (GCH). GCH has been serving the community since 1953 and is a Critical Access Hospital. They provide 24-hour emergency services, laboratory services, dietary services, imaging services and therapy services, as well as offer orthopaedic, cardiology and podiatry outpatient clinics. It was great to meet GCH's new physician Dr. David Atkins who joined the hospital in February. Here, I'm pictured with Jeffrey Parsons, LPN; Nikki Presley, RN; GCH Trustee Don Paxon; and CEO Melissa Atkins.
Congrats to the graduating seniors of the U.S. Service Academies! I consider making appointments to the Service Academies one of my most privileged responsibilities as a Senator. Americans are fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country in the Armed Forces. Each of these graduates will undoubtedly do great things for Kansas and for our country.
Today, the VA Inspector General’s Office confirmed that the Phoenix VA health clinic used secret wait lists to conceal treatment delays of up to 115 days for 1,700 veterans. The IG report indicates that these veterans “continue to be at risk of being forgotten or lost in Phoenix HCS’s convoluted scheduling process.” This report is telling us information we already know to be true from a memo published in 2010 – how many more studies is it going to take for this Administration to take action? Enough is enough – accountability starts at the top, and there is a difference between wanting change and leading it to happen. 
I visited Mercy Maude Norton Hospital (MMN) in Columbus yesterday. MMN is a Critical Access Hospital (CAH) and part of the Mercy Health System. During my visit, we discussed concerns about increasing federal regulatory burdens hospitals face as they work to provide quality health care services to their local residents.  One burdensome regulation in particular is the Medicare CAH “96-hour rule.” Under this rule, Medicare requires that physicians at CAHs certify, at the time of admission, that Medicare and Medicaid patients will not be at the facility for more than 96 hours. Such an arbitrary and inflexible rule places an unnecessary burden on CAHs and doctors without regard to clinical appropriateness, and could result hospitals having to reduce the services they offer patients in Kansas communities. I have sponsored the Critical Access Hospital Relief Act (S. 2037) to eliminate this 96-hour rule. Thanks to MMN Administrator Cindy Neely and Mercy Regional Director of Government Relations Karen Endicott-Coyan for hosting my visit.
The United States and the world lost an incredible voice today -- a voice for building bridges and improving understanding among different cultures.  Her message and her impact will be felt for years by all of us. Rest in peace, Maya Angelou.
Recent VA reports are appalling and this pattern of negligence must end. Share your experience with the VA with me here, and my team and I will work to ensure you are receiving the care you have earned. http://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tell-me-your-va-experience
Tomorrow, Thursday, May 29, I will participate in the dedication of a new house for a disabled veteran in Bowling Green. The house was built by HANDS, a local non-profit organization, for Keith Korner, a disabled and formerly homeless veteran.   All are invited to join in celebrating Keith's new home. The event will begin at 9 a.m. CT at 321 Chestnut St., Bowling Green, Ky.
Senator Chris Coons and I penned an op-ed for Politico explaining that while technology has evolved, our Constitution endures.   Read more: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/05/a-tech-challenge-for-fourth-amendment-application-107129.html#ixzz3326agXRJ
Around Kentucky
Today I called for President Obama to demand the resignation of VA Secretary Shinseki. Accountability is a virtue sorely lacking in the Obama Administration. From Benghazi to Fast and Furious, the IRS scandal to the rollout of Obamacare, President Obama has been long on words, but short on action. Our veterans deserve better.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3ddf28b5-525d-4640-a746-f8fbc916de51
As Bipartisan Support For VA Bill Grows, Rubio Continues Fight For Reform: http://1.usa.gov/1tos5gg   “The Veterans Affairs inspector general report is a damning snapshot of the systemic problems at the VA. The report offers further evidence of why greater accountability is needed at the VA, along with the ability to dismiss mid-level managers who fail at their jobs, as my legislation would do.   “The House has overwhelmingly passed this bill, and we now have several Democratic senators as co-sponsors along with respected veterans organizations urging its immediate passage. This is a bipartisan bill that deserves to be passed and sent to the president with no further delay.   “The status quo that protects mid-level VA managers from being fired - despite the gross misconduct, sexual harassment and abusive conduct described in this IG report - is indefensible. The only thing standing in the way of being able to hold individuals like this accountable for these and other problems is Senate action.”  
Our veterans deserve better, plain and simple. I will continue working to make sure those responsible are held accountable and our veterans receive the quality care they have earned.  From POLITICO: VA IG finds "systemic" problems nationwide: http://t.co/fPzy4wEFq0
NA
"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them." #RIPMayaAngelou
