Congrats to NH's 157th Air Refueling Wing, recognized for meritorious service by the Secretary of the Air Force!
I heard from Antoinette Triplett today about the great work she's doing as Director of Homeless Services in St. Louis.
NA
Thanks to everyone who has shared their thoughts on President Obama’s guns proposals by sending letters, calling my office, and posting comments on Facebook and Twitter. It’s very important for me to get your feedback and I appreciate everyone who reached out. I continued to discuss this important issue on KWTO Radio in Springfield this morning. Please take a moment to listen to my comments and share your thoughts below.
One last thank you is in order. We are blessed to have such strong support from the community as we work to protect the 188th. Your efforts have been instrumental in the cause. Thank you to everyone from Fort Smith and the surrounding communities (including these two veterans) who came out today to show General Welsh their support for the 188th.
I want to thank General Welsh for taking the time to visit 188th & see it firsthand. Our encouragement to the general was this is a tremendous resource. He knew the numbers but they didn't realize the amount of training that goes on and what we have to offer. We remain optimistic that we have an excellent chance of having a mission that will be sustainable.
We are grateful that Senator Inhofe, Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and our neighbor to the west, could join us today for General Welsh's visit to the 188th.
Great to see the show of support from Fort Smith area residents as they line the street to welcome General Welsh and show their support for the 188th.
The Buddy Smith Home in Fort Smith--named in honor of the late Ralph T. “Buddy” Smith who served in the Pacific through the Army Air Corps and was a strong advocate for helping homeless individuals--focuses on providing living space for local military veterans facing homelessness. I stopped by this morning to see how the facility has been doing since opening its doors last May.
All the best to U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Ken Salazar as he leaves the department and heads home to Colorado. I especially appreciate Secretary Salazar's help with passage of the important Owyhee Initiative for Idaho.
Senator Collins, along with Senators Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) and Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), recorded a segment with Norah O'Donnell today to air on CBS This Morning on Monday.  They discuss goals for the 113th Congress, the need to work together to get things done, and the record number of women who will be serving in the Senate (20!)
 (Senator Collins noted that we've come a long way since Margaret Chase Smith when she was the only woman serving in the Senate!)
 Watch for the interview Monday morning around 8:30 am on CBS.
A nice story from the Sun Journal detailing Thursday's medal ceremony for Steven Andrews.
Roll Call: Cornyn Presses DOJ on Case of Reddit Co-Founder Swartz:
The Hill: GOP senator questions Holder over prosecution of Web activist Swartz:
Cornyn Questions Holder Over Death of @Reddit Co-Founder Aaron Swartz
YNN: Cornyn, Cruz Visit Houston to Tout Galveston Plan
NA
Very disappointed by EPA’s decision on the Navajo Generating Station. It’s sure to raise water and power rates for AZ.
Enjoyed shaking hands w/and congrats to ~35 new citizens 2day.  Apprec. opportunity To speak at naturalization ceremony in Cedar Rapids.
Klobuchar, Grassley Renew Efforts to Combat Pay-for-Delay Deals Following FTC Announcement
#99countymeetings Abt 60 emplys at Kent/Muscatine  Trade,NewCabinetSecretaries, TaxReform, FutureSCtNoms,Debt,2016PresCandidates,FarmBill.
#99countymeetings DavenportWestHS 56students/teachers Issues: Fiscalcliff Guns SchoolSecurity Terrorism Benghazi GayMarriage PrayerinSchool
#99countymeetings yesterday at WendlingQuarries in DeWitt 53 ppl Issues: 401Ks Education Debt Gas$ CUTForeignAid Farmbill Guns
#99countymeetings Maquoketa HS-30 std/fclty. what programssuggest cut,Farm Bill, what Presshoulddo in 2nd,PellGr,marij,guns, police/schools
Pleased to see support from Speaker John Boehner for my legislation, No Budget No Pay. It's a much-needed, common-sense approach.  Like this post and share it with your friends if you think House and Senate leadership should take up this legislation.  http://1.usa.gov/WMQuex
Flu shoots are available across Illinois in local drug stores and public health clinics. http://m.sj-r.com/sjr/db_265848/contentdetail.htm?contentguid=pIHrKJak
According to the Kansas Business Formation Report released last week, more than 15,000 new businesses were established in Kansas in 2012 — surpassing 13,626 in 2011 — making last year a record year for Kansas startups.  These numbers suggest that entrepreneurs have discovered something I’ve known for a long time: Kansas is a great place to start a business. More startup companies in Kansas bode well for future job growth in our state, but there is more to do. Visit my website to learn more about the Startup Act and my efforts to spur business and job creation.
The Kuskokwim 300 Sled Dog Race starts tonight at 6:30pm in Bethel.  Big name mushers and some impressive up-and-comers will be racing teams of amazing animal athletes in this Iditarod qualifier.  Follow all the action live here: www.K300.org
I greatly appreciated the opportunity to visit the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant and gain a better understanding of the current situation, the work that has been accomplished, and the challenges ahead. Until you see the level of destruction and impact that the tsunami had in person it’s difficult to fully fathom the magnitude of issues facing the people of Japan.  I have tremendous respect for the employees on-site who are working around the clock to stabilize and clean up the area.  The eyes of the world are on them and they are dedicated to completing their work in a professional and effective manner.  While much has been accomplished, including the cold shut-down of Units 1-3 and a significant reduction of emission levels, there is more to be done. This is not a project that will be completed in a couple of years, but rather a couple of decades if not beyond.  I know that the United States stands ready to assist where possible including the deployment of existing technologies and the development of technologies not yet available.
Travelling from Tokyo to Fukushima today to view the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power facilities. I had nonstop meetings yesterday discussing US-Japan alliance and energy issues, reminding the Japanese that Alaska has much to offer, particularly natural gas.
Checking out the 50,000 ton @alcoa press with employees at their Cleveland Works plant.
Also got a chance to talk w/ Boy Scouts from Troop 501 in Medina about community service & the values which make this country great.
Joined Judge Polster for naturalization ceremony in Cleveland. Congrats to new citizens who became Americans today
Caught up with Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson at the Cleveland Clinic MLK breakfast this morning.
The first Roberts Report e-newsletter of 2013 went out this afternoon. Check it out, and sign up, at the link below:
Senator Marco Rubio Honors Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: http://1.usa.gov/XK0Y11
What They Are Saying About Rubio’s Immigration Reform Principles: http://1.usa.gov/WMD4PF
Senator Marco Rubio Announces New Foreign Affairs Staff Hire: http://1.usa.gov/VaJFFz
"It is unthinkable that Senator Reid and Chairman Murray would put the nation through turmoil because they refuse to do their moral and statutory duty to produce a budget…  Our current path—that of Greece—is one of chronically high debt, unemployment, poverty, and dependency. Adding endlessly to the debt is not compassionate; it is destructive. We must rescue the nation from this painful course and help those who need it most live better, freer, and more prosperous lives...  Our challenge is enormous, but a clear and responsible budget and smart legislation to end our nation’s reckless debt path can restore confidence and secure the future for today and for tomorrow."
To listen to Sen. Sessions' FreedomWorks podcast on his opposition to Jack Lew's nomination, please click the link below.
In response to news that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid would pursue gun control legislation "early this year," Sen. Sessions told the Associated Press: "Why don't we bring up a budget? Why don't we deal with the financial future of our that country that dwarfs really in the long run all these other issues that we are now wrestling with in Washington?"
Really enjoyed the opportunity to meet with more citizens of the great state of South Carolina at a Lexington County town hall meeting.
Was inspired visiting the Charleston Military Magnet Academy.  It is a fine institution preparing our children to be the leaders we need right here at home.
In case you missed it, I was in Erie yesterday for a roundtable discussion with university presidents on the costs of higher ed. Thanks to Dr. Keith Taylor at Gannon University for hosting us.
My thanks to Dr. Steven Altschuler, CEO of Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and Liz Scott, co-executive director of Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation for their work on Teen Cancer Awareness Week. On behalf of grateful families across our state, thank you.
NA
At the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia this morning for Teen Cancer Awareness Week.
At the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia this morning, I had the honor of being interviewed by some amazing kids on the Ryan Seacrest Foundation radio program. Terrific questions from some very courageous, very inspiring young people.
My thanks to Mercyhurst University President Dr. Thomas Gamble for joining us yesterday in Erie.
At Gannon University yesterday, I sat down with Erie's university presidents to discuss one of the most pressing issues facing Pennsylvania's students and young people - debt.
A little something to remember Erie by. Thanks to all who made me feel so welcome yesterday.
At Gannon University in Erie yesterday, I sat down with local university presidents to discuss what we can do to reduce higher education costs. I'm really concerned about the cost of higher education and the amount of debt that graduating students are carrying with them. Catch WJET's coverage here:
NA
