Alexander said today that U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius’s fundraising and coordinating with private entities to implement Obamacare “may be illegal.”  Alexander, the ranking Republican on the U.S. Senate committee overseeing health policy, compared Sebelius’s activities to the Iran-Contra incident when Reagan administration official Oliver North raised funds and directed their spending through private entities in support of Nicaraguan rebels even though Congress had refused to appropriate funds.  “If the secretary or others in her department are fundraising and coordinating the activities of Enroll America and soliciting donations to supplement appropriated funds, then those actions may be in violation of the Anti-Deficiency Act,” the senator said.  Read more at the senator's website: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=85edd9fa-2cb0-4f2c-937e-bf02c68075a3
Senator Collins is delivering the commencement address at the first of two graduation ceremonies today at the University of Southern Maine in Gorham.  Congratulations to the Class of 2013!
Todays news about IRS harassing political groups for their constitutionally protected activities bears a thorough and comprehensive Congressional investigation
Congratulations to the 2013 graduates of Hillsdale College. It was a privilege to join you on this special day!
Meeting with Hillsdale College President Larry Arnn before today's commencement.
My nay vote on Marketplace Fairness Act is now more legit w info that perhaps 600 entities cld b auditing business. Told only states audit
NA
NA
I share the outrage that many have expressed concerning the recent news that the IRS has been deliberately targeting conservative organizations for exercising their 1st Amendment freedom-of-association rights.  I support any efforts that will shed light on this deplorable abuse of power.  I agree with the concerns Senator Ted Cruz has expressed about the broad powers that have been extended to the IRS in enforcing Obamacare.  In addition, I would like to remind you, your friends, the friends of your friends and anyone else you can share this with that I recently introduced a law to update the Electronic Communications Privacy Act to prevent agencies like the IRS from accessing your private, personal emails without a warrant.  The actions of the IRS suggest an unfortunate reality that power-hungry federal agencies need constant oversight to ensure that they are not undermining your Constitutional rights.  I invite everyone to watch and share this clip about reforming ECPA and protecting your 4th Amendment rights:
Tune in to Fox News tomorrow morning at 11 a.m. CT. I look forward to discussing IRS targeting and FAA Control Towers.
Less than 48 hours after I questioned Treasury Secretary Jack Lew during a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing about the troubling evidence that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) released Schedule B donor lists belonging to 501(c)(4) nonprofit groups to outside groups, the IRS apologized. Evidence suggests that the groups who improperly received this information intended to use it for partisan political purposes.  The release of these nonprofit donor lists is forbidden by U.S. tax law as well as internal IRS regulations. While an apology is a good start, it does little to rectify the mishandling of this situation. We must find out how this happened and make certain it does not happen again. When Americans file their taxes or donate to a cause they believe in, they have a right to assume their tax return will not be used for political gain.
I celebrated my son's graduation yesterday, but thousands more Alaskans and Americans deserve congratulations these days for this incredible accomplishment!  Hats off to the Class of 2013, don't be afraid to take risks, and keep up the great work!
Beautiful dancing and music at the Russian Cultural Extravaganza at UAA tonight!
Today, Alaska comes together to honor and remember the 64 law enforcement men and women we have lost in the line of duty.  On this Police Memorial Day, we salute them and thank their families for their sacrifice.
NA
Great morning speaking at SCADA's 76th annual convention on Isle of Palms!
Honored to deliver the commencement speech at Coastal Carolina University this morning. Congratulations graduates!  We'll also be stopping in Marion and Dillon counties today as we make our way to the Southern 500 in Darlington tonight.
