My staff and I are all safe in DC. We’re very grateful for the courage of our U.S. Capitol Police officers and all our first responders.
I’m very disappointed Senate Democrats would rather continue waging a partisan battle than restore common-sense funding for our National Guardsmen and women, veterans' services, life-saving cancer research, and national parks and museums. Just as Congress passed legislation to ensure our men and women in uniform receive paychecks during the shutdown, it makes sense to ensure these operations continue until Congress can reach an agreement to reopen the government.
If POTUS won't negotiate, hasn't he rendered himself irrelevant?
Why is POTUS campaigning instead of meeting with Congressional leaders to break the impasse?  And now, he plans to leave for an trip to Asia on Saturday.
All clear lifted in the Capitol. My staff and I are OK and grateful for the wonderful work of the Capitol Police.
Reid Blocks Funding for Vet Programs, Parks:
Cornyn Calls For Opening War Memorials For Veterans; Democrats Block:
I just tried to pass bill to keep war memorials open on Senate floor. Democrats objected.
Tx Trib: Cornyn, Cruz Among Lawmakers to Forgo Pay:
Surreal: WH issues veto threat for cancer research funding at National Institutes of Health
On the Senate floor Wednesday, Senator Corker expressed concerns that the focus on the “shiny object,” the health care law, as it relates to the continuing resolution (CR) has taken attention off spending reductions and encouraged his colleagues not to “negotiate away the hard-won gains that we were able to put in place to reduce spending and to help make our country stronger.” http://youtu.be/9Ysmq91266M
Senate Corker participates in a Foreign Relations Committee hearing today on Iran at 10:00 a.m. ET.  Live stream: http://1.usa.gov/1btwKKs
Never gets said enough, but a tremendous amount of gratitude for the Capitol Police who acted heroically today and keep us safe every day. Thank you.
Many, many thanks to Gov. Sarah Palin for your friendship, support, and the care package!
 
 Our office is now well-stocked for #HarryReidsShutdown.
This is #HarryReidsShutdown. Four times the House of Representatives endeavored to compromise to pass a bill that funds the federal government but at the same time prevents the enormous harms Obamacare is causing to millions of Americans.   Four times Harry Reid said go jump in a lake. He won't negotiate, won't talk.
Monitoring rpts&returning fr WWIImemorial w QCvets. Thankful for Capitol Police response. My staff safe. No Iowa visitors in ofc at time
Please join my staff in Reno at the McKinley Arts and Culture Center today, October 3, 2013, for our Medicare 101 forum from 6:00-7:30 pm PT. The event, which his being held in partnership with the State Health Insurance Program, our office, and Senator Harry Reid, will feature professionals prepared to answer any questions you may have about the Medicare program.  The event is open to anyone interested in learning more. Please RSVP to Dena Miguel at 775.284.8989 ext. 231 or dmiguel@accesstohealthcare.org or Marilyn O’Connor at 775.284.1892.
STAFF UPDATE: The shelter in place has been lifted. We are grateful for the swift response of the Capitol police and first responders.
Due to reports of gunfire at the Capitol, my staff is sheltering in place and any phone calls into the D.C. office are being sent to voicemail for the time being. We are safe and are praying for the safety of others in and around the Capitol complex.
There are 22 million veterans in the United States, including more than 340,000 in Oklahoma. Our nation has made a promise to care for the men and women who have worn the uniform. It's time Congress honors that promise by passing the House's legislation to ensure our veterans receive their earned benefits despite a partial government shutdown.
My staff and I are all safe after the shooting at the Capitol. Thank you to the US Capitol Police. My prayers are with the injured.
The State Department shouldn't push to delay sanctions while #Iran races toward nuclear weapons capability and sponsors terrorism.
 
  http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=878
I am looking forward to standing in solidarity with vets from the #QuadCities at the #WWIIMemorial this afternoon.
I am looking forward to joining vets from the #QuadCities at the #WWIIMemorial tomorrow. Partisan divide shouldn't ruin their visit.
 
 From today: http://1.usa.gov/19m9t5C
Normally, under regular order of appropriations, Congress will vote on and ultimately approve a dozen or so separate segmented appropriations measures to make sure that we address each area within our federal government separately. This way there's adequate time to consider what it is that we're spending money on. This is a big government that spends between $3.5 and $4 trillion a year, and it's important that we break these spending decisions up into pieces. But, over the last 4 1/2 years or so, we've been operating on the basis of back-to-back continuing resolutions.  The problem with these measures is that they basically require us to fund everything or fund nothing. And so what this proposal does, what the Republicans in the House of Representatives are quite wisely doing is saying, "Let's start with those areas as to which there is the most broad-based bipartisan consensus.  Let's keep government funded at current levels, as a continuing resolution would do within those areas, and let's build consensus.  Let's start funding the government in those areas where there isn't significant objection.  Two of the bills in the House of Representatives that have been passed in this fashion have received substantial bipartisan support, and I expect that the rest of them will receive bipartisan support as well. In the middle of an unfortunate government #shutdown and surrounded by all this divisive rhetoric, Republicans and Democrats came together in the House and approved these bills overwhelmingly. I think we owe it to the country to show that we can do the same thing in the Senate.
Want Alaskans to know that everyone in my office is safe and sound, though a bit shaken up. Thanks for your concerns.  Now our thoughts and prayers with everyone on Capitol Hill and first responders.
While there hasn't been any good news to come out of Washington, DC in awhile, today a positive development for Alaska.  The United States Air Force officially told the DC delegation they are backing off their proposal to move the F-16s from Fairbanks to Anchorage. Congratulations to the Alaskans who spoke with one voice on this: America Needs Eielson! http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=e090e825-dcf3-4249-bf67-c1d2fac93cee
Heard the gunshots and very grateful for the Capitol Police who I saw running to the danger and putting themselves in harm's way. Praying for the victims and their families.
Sen. Mitch McConnell and I penned an op-ed explaining why Obamacare is wrong for Kentucky.  Read, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://news.cincinnati.com/article/20131003/EDIT02/310030034
Thank you to Sens. John Barrasso (R-Wyo.), Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.), Susan Collins (R-Maine), Roger Wicker (R-Miss.), Sen. John Boozman (R-Ark.), Tom Carper (D-Del.) and Reps. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.), Brett Guthrie (R-Ky.) and Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.) for joining me this morning to start the discussion.
My understanding is that the American people are frustrated with both parties for not talking. So, I have invited all Senators to coffee today to discuss each position. The problem is negotiating. How do you compromise if you don't negotiate? We must begin the conversation, even if it's simply over coffee.    Hear more: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KejvrDmFnIQ
My staff, visiting constituents and I are safe and secure. Our thoughts and prayers are with anyone injured, the capitol police, and the all first responders.
Manning the front office and answering constituent calls.
Staff and I are safe. Thank you to Capitol Police and first responders, thoughts and prayers with any injured.
Many thanks to the Capitol Police and other law enforcement officers who help keep Congress safe every day.
My D.C. staff and I are safe. Thankful for the U.S. Capitol’s first responders.
