As India's new Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, arrives in the U.S., I look forward to speaking to the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce of Greater Houston's 15th annual gala tonight. Will highlight several areas where we can continue to strengthen the  important friendship and partnership of the world's oldest democracy and its largest. 1http://www.nytimes.com/news/un-general-assembly/2014/09/27/narendra-modi-in-u-n-speech-inserts-india-into-terrorism-fight/?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share
Praying for the NCTC softball team, their families, and the entire community as they mourn the loss of four young lives taken too soon. http://www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/School-Bus-Involved-in-I-35-Crash-in-Oklahoma-277298211.html
Enjoyed picking peppers & okra at the San Antonio Food Bank today as they kicked off their Fall Harvest - the beginning of the holiday season & their busiest time of year. Food Bank staff and volunteers are doing excellent work helping those in need in San Antonio and the region. Their Farm Fresh program provides tens of thousands of pounds of fresh produce each year to those who need it most.
Yesterday, I had the chance to ask Meriam Ibrahim, in the dark of it all, how did you not lose faith? How did you not give up hope?   And she responded very simply. She said, “God was with me."   Anyone who forgets the promise, simply remember joy cometh in the morning. Millions of believers across the world lifted Meriam up in prayer, spoke out in support of her and the attention, the heat, the light, was too much on the government of Sudan and they were forced to release her, free, free at last!
Come Join my staff for local office hours in Beatrice, Fairbury & Crete on October 7th!  #heretohelp #working4u
Enjoyed speaking to fall class of new inductees into ScottishRite Masonry at DesMoines Consistory
Walked Farmer'sMkt DesMoines for 2 1/2 hrs this morn to talk w any constituent who has Qs  I enjoyed talk w all
Another example of why Congress shouldn't delegate its lawmaking authority to the executive branch.  I highly doubt you could ever get enough legislators who must actually face voters in an election to vote in favor of a rule like this.
I walk a few miles most days to clear my head and for better health. Today, the weather is so nice that I stopped on a dirt road in Dickinson County and started walking. I never would have expected company, but Keith Dickman and his grandson were on their way to work in the field. Keith and I met in Council Grove when I was first running for office, and I was glad he stopped to say hello. We had a great conversation that ended with his plea to "please get things straightened out back there" for the benefit of his grandson. Well said.
I enjoyed visiting with Conway Springs-area residents today and participating in the community’s Fall Festival parade. It was helpful to hear what residents had on their minds and get a good dose of Kansas common sense. Thanks to local veterinarian Dr. Rick Cox for driving me and to Charles and Lucille Ellis for loaning their Mustang convertible. Thanks also to Kathy Barkley and Evelyn Osner for coordinating my attendance.   Prior to the parade, I met with World War II Veteran Eldon Raines and Vietnam War Veteran Bill Wiseley. Thank you for your distinguished service to our country. I appreciate First Christian Church Pastor Bill Nestelroad for arranging this special opportunity.
Driving the Rose Hill Road this evening I saw a typical Kansas Friday night scene—just a little younger. These are 1st and 2nd graders practicing for their Saturday morning game against Hutchinson.
 Today is National Public Lands Day!  This is a great opportunity to get out with the family to enjoy any of our six beautiful national parks, and all park entrance fees will be waived.  http://www.nps.gov/state/sc/index.htm?program=all
It was a pleasure to join my good friend Trey Gowdy and a great crowd at the Upward Sports Star Center ribbon cutting in Spartanburg this morning!
