Check out Senator Alexander’s “Conservative Alternative” to fix the damage that Obamacare has done, prevent future damage, and transform our health-care step by step, in Politico Magazine’s article “Obamacare 2.0.”    “Obamacare is so flawed that it cannot be fixed. Instead of tinkering at the edges of this historic mistake, we need to move as rapidly and responsibly as we can in an entirely different direction. We need to transform our health-care delivery system into one that emphasizes freedom and choice and lower costs.”  http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/09/obamacare-20-111447.html#ixzz3EoKHifLw 
Sen. Alexander said the recent study by PricewaterhouseCoopers showing that health insurance premiums for Tennesseans will increase by an average of 14 percent in 2015 is “one more reason Americans need a Republican majority in the Senate to start over to repair the damage Obamacare has done and prevent future damage.”  “Too many Tennesseans and Americans around the country have been hurt by the false promises that led to Obamacare becoming law—and this report is simply more evidence of damage these empty claims have caused,” said Alexander, the senior Republican on the Senate health committee.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=78c00a42-5a80-4ec0-a2d2-579c2a08e436
At a reception Monday evening in Washington, Senator Ayotte was honored by The Washington Center for Internships and Academic Seminars for her commitment to public service, and her support for strengthening and increasing access to internship programs. The Washington Center (TWC) also announced it is establishing a scholarship program in Senator Ayotte's name that will provide financial support to women students who are interested in politics and public policy and who are participating in a TWC internship program. Read more: 
Excellent news this morning for Missouri jobs. Boeing announced it's planning to relocate support and sustainment work for the F-22 aircraft to St. Louis, bringing 500 jobs to the area. 
Last evening I joined Bill LuMaye on his radio show to discuss ISIL and to address when and what the intel community knew about this dangerous terrorist organization.
Sen. Cornyn op-ed in The Hill: Reviving the US-India partnership
Senator Corker today released the following statement regarding the Pentagon’s announcement that soldiers from Fort Campbell’s 101st Airborne Division will deploy to Liberia in late October to support efforts to contain the outbreak of Ebola in West Africa.   “The Fort Campbell community has shown time and time again that their unique capabilities remain essential to our national security,” said Corker. “The U.S. has a vital role to play in leading the global response to defeat this deadly outbreak, and I could not be more proud of our men and women in uniform who are always willing to answer the call to protect U.S. interests both at home and abroad.”   Federal health officials announced today that the first case of Ebola has been diagnosed in the United States.
Significant victory for the American people: an Oklahoma judge strikes down Obamacare’s lawless implementation. #FullRepeal
Why is everybody moving to Texas? More jobs, more growth, and more opportunity!
The People’s Republic of China’s autocratic selection of the candidates for Hong Kong’s 2017 chief executive has triggered a massive popular uprising the likes of which has not been seen since Tiananmen Square in 1989. The PRC knows all too well what is at stake here and has, according to internal reports from Hong Kong, put the local People’s Liberation Army garrison on alert.   To ignore this momentous development in China would be to turn our backs on those who are crying out for an end to the PRC’s repressive one-party system.  The citizens of Hong Kong, who have long enjoyed unparalleled economic freedom, are no longer content to have that freedom coupled to brutal political repression.    Some have argued that no matter how successful the Chinese people are economically, they are culturally incapable of democracy.  But Taiwan’s successful transition to a free system and its subsequent success prove to the world what the PRC’s leaders most fear: the people of China are perfectly capable of governing themselves when given the opportunity.   The PRC threat to Hong Kong’s protest leaders tells the story: ‘The fact that you are allowed to stay alive already shows the country’s inclusiveness.’  The brave men and women of Hong Kong are crying out that they are no longer content to simply exist, and they are risking their lives for true freedom that is not only economic but also personal and political.   The United States should not miss this opportunity to express our strong solidarity with them.
Congratulations to Southside Elementary School in Powell, Highland Park Elementary in Sheridan and Glenn Livingston Elementary School in Cody for being chosen as National Blue Ribbon Schools for 2014. It is great to see our schools nationally recognized for their hard work. I know their dedication to learning and innovative approach to education is also shared in schools throughout the state.
Sunshine on drug and medical device maker payments to doctors launches today.  Sen. Grassley co-wrote the legislation to bring light in this area for consumers.
“The Blue Ribbon designation is a mark of excellence and celebrates the hard work of the educators and students at Sweetwater Elementary and Manvel Elementary School. We are proud of these schools and their communities for being recognized nationally for their academic excellence.”
It's always good to see my friend David Boren. I appreciate his time today to discuss issues of importance to The University of Oklahoma as well as its surrounding community.
Today, in a huge blow to the president, a federal judge ruled in favor of Oklahoma Attorney General E. Scott Pruitt’s challenge to ObamaCare subsidies. The Obama Administration has tried to make the law work with waivers and exemptions, but the courts continue to confront the legality of this legislation that was rushed through a Democrat-controlled Congress. While it will undoubtedly take time for Oklahoma’s case to play out in the federal court system, I am confident in Attorney General Scott Pruitt and that our state’s argument will prevail. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-oklahomas-challenge-to-obamacare-subsidies
As National Preparedness Month comes to a close, I wanted to make you aware of resources on my website to help you be prepared for severe weather in Oklahoma: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/weather
Sen. Johnson discussing #ISIS this morning on msnbc’s The Daily Rundown: ‘America and certainly our military are resigned to the fact that this is an evil that has to be defeated.’
I have introduced the Higher Education Reform and Opportunity Act to enable states to create their own accreditation systems that will compete against the rigid system we have now.  This flexibility and competition will create an environment that will make it easier and more affordable for good teachers to teach, willing students to learn, the economy to grow, and civil society to flourish.  How would you improve our higher education system?
McConnell has also worked to secure federal grants for many community prevention and treatment efforts, and helped to successfully convince the FDA to take an important step toward limiting the abuse of generic crushable prescription pain pills.
Frank Rapier, executive director of Appalachia HIDTA, said McConnell’s advocacy was critical in adding Madison and Nelson counties. “Sen. McConnell has consistently championed the efforts of drug enforcement in Kentucky in the effort to fight the ravages of drugs in our communities,” Rapier said.
Here in Kansas, severe weather is unpredictable. September is National Preparedness Month and I worked with The Weather Channel to film a #ConnectWithWeather PSA to support this initiative. The first line of defense against severe weather is preparedness. I encourage you and your family to be informed, make a plan and practice your plan to keep your family safe during weather emergencies.
I enjoyed stopping in Jefferson County today to visit with students enrolled in a current events class from McLouth High School. We discussed a number of issues facing Kansas and the country. Thanks to their teacher Mr. Boucher and Principal Mark Dodge for allowing me to visit.
My day began at Seaman High School in Topeka. The students had thoughtful questions ranging in topics from the U.S. military in the Middle East, the Affordable Care Act, and education to the Ebola outbreak and federal term limits. Thanks to Principal Ron Vinduska for hosting my visit.
What a great story! A food nutrition pilot program in Bethel is helping to get local produce to school districts throughout Alaska, even all the way down to Cordova. This is good business for the growers and good nutrition for the kids!
Had an interesting discussion with Ken Linville of the Capri Coffeehouse about his cold brew process. To all the coffee shops, roasters and baristas across Alaska, Happy National Coffee Day!
Today’s CDC announcement shows the need for active screening for Ebola at U.S. points of entry. The CDC should act to implement this immediately. 
I'm pleased to be at a town hall with students from the College of Charleston this afternoon @CofC
I always enjoy speaking to young people on college campuses. Today, I'm happy to be visiting with the students of @UofSC
Let's go Royals! #TakeTheCrown
Rubio: GAO Makes Clear ObamaCare Bailouts Can’t Occur Without Congressional Approval: http://1.usa.gov/1vuHM8U  “As many of us predicted, Obamacare is a failure that forces the American people to not only buy health insurance, but also forces the American taxpayer to bail out insurance companies that incur a loss under the Obamacare exchanges,” said Rubio. “The fact that we have to bail out ObamaCare in the first place tells us the law is a failure.    “We should not be bailing out a failure,” Rubio added. “Given the Obama Administration’s history of taking executive action to re-write Obamacare and ignoring the legislative process, Congress needs to make sure taxpayers don’t end up paying for an ObamaCare bailout in 2015 or ever.” 
Great to see the kids at Colleton's Cougar New Tech Academy today!
Visiting with the good folks at the Lowcountry Food Bank in Yemassee this morning
Outrageous that #Goddard or any university would honor an unrepentant cop killer. http://bit.ly/10ju7He
Congrats to Caledonia Elementary in Caledonia and St. James Catholic School in Gulfport for being recognized as National Blue Ribbon Schools Program for 2014!  #NBRS2014 
Senator Patrick Leahy  and I issued the following statement regarding the ongoing pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong Kong:  "We are distressed by the use of tear gas, pepper spray, and other such methods against peaceful demonstrators in Hong Kong. We urge the Hong Kong authorities to show restraint and engage in good-faith negotiations to resolve the situation.  Hong Kong’s position as Asia’s ‘world city’ is rooted in fundamental rights, including freedoms of peaceful assembly, expression, and the press. As democratically elected members of the United States Senate we stand united with the people of Hong Kong and support their aspirations for universal suffrage and full democracy."
