Joined NH veterans, as well as faculty and students at the Woodbury School in Salem this morning, for a special Veteran's Day program.  It was inspiring to hear students share their heartfelt reflections about Veterans Day and what it means to them.  Was honored to be a part of this program, which was a meaningful way for the next generation to hear from those who have served our country, and to learn about the extraordinary sacrifices our servicemen and women have made and continue to make to keep our country safe and free.
Next week is Veterans Day. It was great talking with 5NEWS Daren Bobb today about what we're doing to honor Arkansas veterans and what we can expect during the next Congress. You can watch our interview on Sunday morning.
Some good opportunities for producers to learn about how to use programs created by the new Farm Bill.
Enjoyed visiting with friends at Rex's Barber Shop in Roanoke today
I am deeply saddened to learn of the passing of our Idaho National Guardsmen.  My thoughts and prayers are with their families, friends and the entire Idaho National Guard community during this difficult time.  This tragic event serves as a poignant reminder of the dedicated service and ongoing sacrifices our military men and women make to safeguard our freedoms.
Senator Collins recently joined the Chief of Naval Operations, Senator King, and Rep. Pingree on a tour of the new DDG-1000 being built at BIW.
Cornyn to President: Work with GOP on Immigration:
Democrat senators who just lost their seats should not be able to confirm a new Attorney General. Should be vetted by the new Congress.
I always try to stop at Cowboy Donuts to get some of the best donuts in the state when I am in Rock Springs. Great to visit with owners Jay and Penny Hammond on October 24. #WyoWorks
I was impressed by the innovation at MESSCO in Rock Springs. An equipment manufacturer for the oil and gas industry, MESSCO has designed an advanced emissions control device that exceeds regulatory air quality standards. It is great to see a Wyoming company with such humble beginnings be able to use its ingenuity to find great success. Thanks to John Moneyhun, John Lyon, and Charles Whitaker for the tour on October 24. #WyoWorks
Congratulations to the 34 new Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame inductees. These individuals embody the Cowboy way of life that we in Wyoming strive for every day. I had a wonderful time attending the ceremony in Douglas on November 2, handing out medals, plaques and certificates - along with meeting their proud families. Special thanks to Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame President Scott Ratliff, Vice-President Russell “Pinky” Walter and Secretary Rhonda Sedgwick Stearns. #WyoWorks
Washington has been marked with partisan politics and gridlock. Tuesday’s election provides an opportunity for a fresh start in Congress. It’s time for Congress to go to work for the American people and find solutions to the most important issues facing our nation.
Today the Supreme Court announced that it will hear the case of King v. Burwell- a challenge to the distribution of tax subsidies included in ObamaCare. The President’s signature healthcare law is bad policy that was forced through a Democrat-controlled Congress and has since continued to be challenged by the judicial branch. As new members join Congress and the fight to truly make healthcare affordable for all Americans, President Obama must work with a Republican congress to take on the many problems the healthcare industry faces.   http://www.cnn.com/2014/11/07/politics/supreme-court-to-review-another-obamacare-legal-challenge/
Meet Jeanne, a #Navy vet who served during #Vietnam. Jeanne was stationed in Hawaii at the height of the Vietnam War.  She now serves as a constituent service representative in our Oshkosh office. Thank you for your service, Jeanne! #ThankAVeteran
We need to make sure the president doesn't lead us from behind into a constitutional crisis.  Republicans need to be prepared to exercise the power of the purse to prevent #ExecutiveAmnesty.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Shirley Coyne. This is a photo of her husband, Spec. 5 William J. Coyne. Shirley submitted the photo with this caption: "My husband immigrated to this country from Great Britain with his family in 1963, he was fifteen years old. Bill loves the United States and feels a deep sense of loyalty to it. He enlisted during the Vietnam Era conflict even though he wasn¹t a citizen of the United States. In Vietnam (1968 - 69) he was stationed with the Army Corp of engineers doing land clearing so the infantry could do their jobs. He also built floating bridges and was shot at many times as he sat in the open cab of a crane doing vital work to get the supplies line reopened. Death was all around him and his best friend was severely wounded. This picture shows that he was able to become a naturalized citizen and he was very proud of that."
My new book, Thirteen Soldiers, is being released next week on Veteran's Day, November 11th! The book tells the personal stories of 13 remarkable American soldiers who served in each of the major military conflicts in U.S. history. Learn more: http://books.simonandschuster.com/Thirteen-Soldiers/John-McCain/9781476759654#sthash.A5k0jvkB.dpuf
It was a privilege to recognize APS Corp. employees who have served or currently serve in our Armed Services at a Veterans Day event at the APS campus in Phoenix today. I am impressed and grateful for the company's efforts to hire and support Arizona veterans!
I finished my Listening Tour stops this week at Neosho County Community College in Chanute. More than 20 area residents attended and shared their thoughts. The discussion focused on a number of issues facing Kansas and the nation including ensuring access to quality healthcare for rural veterans, the promise of medical research, the threat of terrorism, and disability issues. Thanks to the folks who came out and thanks to President Dr. Brian Inbody for allowing me to host my town hall at Neosho County Community College.
Earlier this week I was the keynote speaker at the Neodesha Rotary Club meeting. About 40 folks attended and the conversation focused on the importance of ending the gridlock in the Senate and passing bills, over regulation by federal agencies including EPA, and the need to produce our own domestic energy. These are all issues the new Republican-led Senate will work to address by focusing on pro-growth, pro-jobs policies. Thanks again to Mojo's for hosting the meeting, as well as Karen Porter for arranging my visit. It was good to see everyone who attended, including Wilson County Commissioners Casey Lair and Russ Walker.
After Tuesday's elections, it's clear that Washington, D.C. will look quite different in January 2015. For the first time in eight years, Republicans will control the U.S. Senate. With new leadership, the Senate will seek results, not divisive political games. The Republican Senate will allow robust debate and vote on legislation that works to increase freedom and opportunity for every American.  The challenges America faces are significant, and the consequences of failing to address them are profound. The President indicated his policies were up for review by the electorate this November and the response from voters was clear: the President's progressive agenda has fallen short. With so much at stake, we're in need of real solutions that do more than just increase the size and cost of the federal government.  This new Congress has an opportunity to move the country in a positive direction and approach the difficult decisions ahead with the well-being of all Americans in mind. This week voters requested a different plan, respect among elected officials and an end to the "do nothing" Senate. I am eager to begin this new chapter and am hopeful for a better future ahead.
I'm so glad that Pasert Lee and the story of our Hmong-American veterans got coverage in the Anchorage Press. http://www.anchoragepress.com/news/1/due-respect Honoring their efforts and sacrifice serving side by side with American forces during Vietnam is exactly why I have introduced legislation to both have a Lao-Hmong Recognition Day and an amendment to permit them to be buried next to their American brothers-in-arms at national cemeteries. http://www.adn.com/article/murkowski-files-amendment-honor-hmong-stealth-heroes-vietnam-war
I enjoyed spending time with teens at tonight’s Covenant House dinner. Covenant House Alaska provides shelter and services to homeless and at-risk youth here in the state. Tonight they got a special treat---delicious salmon donated by participants of the Kenai River Women's Classic, prepared by Chef Shane Moore of Spenard Roadhouse. Sure to be an annual event!
ICYMI: Rubio, Kirk: Iran’s Horrific Human-Rights Record: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/11/07/iran-s-horrific-human-rights-record.html#
Rubio Meets With Key Military Leaders, Concludes Official Trip To Colombia: http://1.usa.gov/112mrJZ  Washington, D.C. – During an official trip to Colombia on Thursday, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) met with key military leaders to discuss the importance of building a strong, lasting relationship between the U.S. and Colombia. Rubio’s trip concluded following his visits with Minister of Defense Juan Carlos Pinzón, lead peace negotiator Humberto de la Calle, and members of the Colombian National Police Special Operations Center in Pijaus, the U.S. Army Special Operations Forces, and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) office in Bogotá, among others.   Rubio issued the following statement:   “I’d like to thank the people and government of Colombia for their generous hospitality, as well as the entire team at the U.S. Embassy in Bogotá. America has a vested interest in Colombia’s security and economic prosperity, and it is my hope that we continue working together to build a strong U.S.-Colombia relationship that lasts well beyond this century.   “Colombia is America’s most capable and willing ally in Latin America. I am proud of the role the U.S. has played in helping Colombia’s armed forces and national police take back their country from the violence and terror that has gripped so much of Colombia for decades.    “I support the Government of Colombia’s efforts to rid their country, once and for all, from poisonous narcoterrorist organizations like the FARC and ELN, and I hope one day Colombians will be able to enjoy a real and lasting peace. The U.S. commitment to Colombia remains strong and it is vital for the security of the hemisphere that we maintain this important alliance.    “Florida is home to hundreds of thousands of Americans of Colombian descent, and Colombia is Florida’s second-largest foreign export market. Growing commerce between our countries is vital to continued economic growth and a vibrant middle class in both the U.S. and Colombia. And Colombia’s success is particularly important to Floridians, as so many Colombians have chosen to call Florida their home.    “I pledge to return to the Senate to ensure the U.S.-Colombia relationship remains strong, and a top priority of the new Senate and House majorities.”
My Huntsville staff was honored to join in welcoming 30 Wounded Warriors, from all service branches nationwide, to Huntsville yesterday for “Heroes Week” hosted by the Semper Fi Community Task Force (SFCTF).   Learn more here: http://www.al.com/news/huntsville/index.ssf/2014/11/heroes_week_kicks_off_in_hunts.html
Looking forward to the next round of veterans job training workshops as part of my Statewide Veterans Job Training Initiative! The gold stars represent upcoming events--learn more here:  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-adds-additional-veterans-job-training-workshops-november
Today, my State Director, Col. Bob DeSousa joined State Representative Patty Kim, and SGM (Ret.) Richard Hamp at a ceremony honoring our veterans in Harrisburg.
November is National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness Month.  Finding a cure for Alzheimer’s will be a serious challenge, but I am proud to report that Pennsylvania is leading the charge.
