Alexander will be on "Outdoors with Doug Markham" live tomorrow morning at 6:30 a.m. Central on Nashville's SuperTalk 99.7 to discuss the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to limit fishing in tailwaters below dams on the Cumberland River -- and why Alexander opposes the Corps plan, and what he's doing to try to stop it and keep tailwater fishing alive along the Cumberland. In Nashville, tune in to FM 99.7, or listen online here: http://bit.ly/Ww6vZh
This morning I spoke with Bo Thompson on Charlotte's Morning News on WBT 1110 AM about my reaction to the State of the Union address and confirmation hearings for Jack Lew to serve as Secretary of the Treasury and John Brennan to serve as Director of the CIA.    Follow this link to listen to the interview:  http://burr.senate.gov/public/_files/021513RBonWBTradio.mp3
Sen. Reid's reckless proposal to avert sequestration is an attack on rural America. Read my response to this irresponsible proposal.
The Senate Appropriations Committee held a hearing to examine the impact of sequestration, the across-the-board cuts that go into effect on March 1. Watch what I asked the witnesses and read my thoughts on these cuts in this blog post.
Are you an Idaho college student interested in government and politics?  This post is for you.  My office is currently taking applications for summer internships.  Click below to find out more information and how to apply.  The deadline is March 1st.
VIDEO: Dodd-Frank means over 10,000 pages of regulations that have already been proposed, requiring more than 24 million compliance hours each year – and that is only the tip of the iceberg.  I am just as worried as you are about how these new regulations will affect economic growth.
Joining Joe Pags today at 5:15 PM CT.  Listen in if you can: http://radio.woai.com/pages/pp_joepags.html
No Keystone XL pipeline; gasoline prices doubled in last 4 years to $3.64 a gallon
WashTimes on Cornyn, Senate GOP balanced budget amendment:
1388 days without a budget in the D-controlled Senate
I want to thank all of you who have “liked” my Facebook page and who follow me on Twitter, as well as those who have written in or called my office.  I do monitor your comments on social media as best I can.  For now if you have questions, it’s easier for me to answer them individually if you email me through my web page, but I want to do a better job of listening to what you are saying.  I’ve taken a few of your questions and comments and recorded some answers.  The video is below.  I hope to be able to do this on a regular basis. Thanks for your Wyoming to Washington common sense.
I plan to be in Gillette tomorrow morning and Sheridan tomorrow afternoon to begin public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions.  Click below for more details.
Even in politics, a victimless victory is possible. We can win on a policy issue without totally destroying those who oppose that policy.  It’s possible to get a significant amount of what we want done without compromising principles, sometimes by delaying the fight on parts of it.
The President of the United States did not make any phone call to any government officials in Libya during the entire eight hours our mission was under attack.  The letter from the White House acknowledges President Obama called government officials in Libya on September the 12th after everyone was dead.
Hagel vote doesn’t kill nom Gives time4 answers fr Obama on Benghazi& fin docs from Hagel. Full Senate only had 2days to consider nomination
I intro Senate Resolution against elimin of Olympic wrestling. GovBranstad leading efforts w DanGable Sign petition at http://t.co/vh2UjtnE
Received some great questions from Silverado High School government students this morning. Thanks for having me!
Thanks Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW for endorsing the Stolen Valor Act. 
 http://1.usa.gov/WUMJHH
NA
Last September I hosted a Constitution Bowl, and a team of high school students from Cottonwood Heights were the winners.  It was an honor to host them in Washington, D.C. this week, so they could experience the history of our nation's capital.
It was good to attend Emporia State University's 150th Anniversary Luncheon today.  Emporia State has made a tremendous difference in the lives of many Kansans—certainly the many students who have attended ESU.  Of the 35,000 teachers in our state, 9,500 are former ESU students. The theme of their 150th anniversary is "Changing Lives," which is fitting because it's something teachers do every day in classrooms across our state and nation. Congratulations to President Shonrock and the Emporia State family.
The Eielson F-16 hearings are over, but Alaskans have until March 1st to make our voices heard.  The Air Force didn’t have a way for Alaskans to comment on the proposed F-16 move online, so today I am launching my Eielson Closing Argument project to give all Alaskans a direct line to the Pentagon.
Alaskans like Jody Mathis are a big reason I introduced new legislation that would revamp the short sale home buying process.  No one should have their lives forced into limbo for months as they wait for banks to give them an answer on their homes.
Touching story in the Plain Dealer: University of Toledo Rocket DL Ben Pike quits football to help fiancée, a 2nd grade teacher, fight leukemia.
As a Marine and a Kansan, I was so proud to send my gratitude and congratulations to Marine First Sgt. Bradley Simmons of Liberal, who was awarded the Bronze Star with combat distinguishing service for his heroic actions in Sangin District, Afghanistan. Semper Fi. http://www.marinecorpstimes.com/news/2013/01/marine-1st-sergeant-honored-for-heroics-sangin-battle-012813/
NA
Sessions will be appearing on the Matt Murphy Show at 8:30 a.m. CT. You can listen live here: http://bit.ly/XSrbu0
In recognition of his life of public service, former Pennsylvania Senator Harris Wofford will be honored at the White House today with the Presidential Citizens Medal. In addition to his time in the Senate, Sen. Wofford was an adviser to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., a key framer of the Peace Corps and a past president of Bryn Mawr College. Congratulations on receiving our nation's second-highest civilian honor, senator.
I was glad to to see the National Weather Service forecasters in Jackson's Doppler radar with dual polarization. The new technology has already helped forecasters in Jackson detect severe weather – tornadoes and heavy rains that produced flash flooding.
