Oklahoma Senator Dr. Tom Coburn has announced that he will retire from the U.S. Senate at the end of the year.  Tom’s spirit of service and sacrifice for his constituents and taxpayers across the country is unmatched.  He has devoted his career in Congress to promoting fiscal responsibility by showing the American people the waste, fraud and abuse that should be eliminated in the federal government.  I have had the opportunity to work directly with Tom on the president’s National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform, and later the bipartisan Gang of Six, and can attest to his earnestness in confronting our ever-increasing national debt and unrestrained federal spending.  The U.S. Senate and the people of Oklahoma will lose an outstanding legislator when Tom leaves Washington at the end of the year.  I will miss his passion, counsel and friendship, but I wish him nothing but the best as he returns to his beloved Oklahoma.
WSJ: "It's IRS targeting all over again, only this time by administration design and with the raw political goal." #AbolishTheIRS
Unemployment insurance (0:18) along with the nomination of Janet Yellen and the need to audit the Federal Reserve (1:48) were the topics in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
UNmen beat Missouri St 94/89
Read Washington Post op ed by KathleenParker War on poverty Wed 1/15/14. Very good !!
Tom Coburn has become my trusted friend over the last three years.  I deeply admire him for his intellect, decency, and genuine commitment to the cause of good government.  His presence in the Senate will be greatly missed when he retires at the end of this year.
Congrats to Wichita State Men's Basketball Coach Gregg Marshall and the Shockers for the 68-48 win over Indiana State. They remain undefeated with a 19-0 record. Proud to be one of the 10,506 fans there rooting them on!
It’s halftime as the undefeated Wichita State Men's Basketball Team leads the Indiana State Sycamores 31-22. Go Shockers! #WatchUs #GoShox
It is deeply disturbing and alarming that the Senate Select Intelligence Committee determined the attack on the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi on September 11, 2012, could have been prevented.  We can categorically say that the State Department and Obama Administration did not do enough to protect Americans who were at risk in a deteriorating security environment.  Neither the consulate nor the U.S. military in Libya were equipped to prevent the attack and tragedy that occurred that day.
Just stopped by the Alaska Native Heritage Center where they are holding the Indigenous World Film Festival.  If you're out and about in Anchorage today, it's definitely worth a visit to see the best from around the world's greatest native filmmakers. Films are being shown until 11pm tonight!
What a great project in Sitka! 900 hours of local effort, combined with strong Alaskan wood, all to make a gorgeous new bike shelter!
Congratulated the Class of 2014 Service Academy Nominees in Columbus today. Among the best and the brightest from Ohio.
Fun talk with the South Carolina Student Leadership Forum in Columbia!
