Had the opportunity to tour and talk with Jefferson County Port Authority officials yesterday about the port’s unique position, infrastructure, American energy, and bringing more jobs to our state. http://bit.ly/1yydNS9
One year after the disastrous launch of the $2 billion ObamaCare website, I continue to hear from families, workers, seniors, and small business owners across Missouri who are facing skyrocketing out-of-pocket costs, canceled coverage, fewer doctors, and job losses. That’s because ObamaCare is more than a website with technical glitches – it’s a flawed law that needs to be repealed and replaced with common-sense health care solutions. How has the president’s flawed health care law affected you and your family? #ObamaCare
As the ranking member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security, I will carefully evaluate the nomination of the next Secret Service Director. The Secret Service must improve its operations to ensure that past security lapses are not repeated. The security of the president is a top priority and should never be in question.
NA
Senator Corker enjoyed being downtown on Sunday as his hometown, Chattanooga, hosted its first-ever Ironman race. The city’s vibrant downtown and waterfront, which were transformed under the senator’s leadership as mayor, served as the perfect backdrop for Sunday night’s finish. Congratulations to this year’s winner, Matt Hanson (pictured below). To learn more about Ironman Chattanooga, click here: http://bit.ly/IMChattanooga. (Photo courtesy of Jason Myers.)
All of us are deeply concerned about the terrible outbreak of Ebola in Africa and the fact that there is now one confirmed case here in Texas.  Our prayers are with those who are suffering.  Earlier today I spoke with Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell and she offered her assurances that HHS and the CDC are acting vigorously to take every medical step to contain and stop the spread of the Ebola virus.  Vigilance is still very much required, but present information seems to indicate that a more widespread outbreak in America remains unlikely.    I am proud of our soldiers from Ft. Hood fighting the disease in Africa and the exceptional medical staff we have in Texas working to limit its spread, and I would urge those in the Dallas area and statewide to heed close attention to information being distributed by the medical community.
U.S. District Judge Berman Jackson’s decision to deny Wyoming the authority to manage wolves on its own lands, even though she and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agree that wolves are recovered in the Northern Rockies, shows how deficient Washington, D.C. can be of common sense. The U.S. Senate, if allowed to work as intended ensures each state is represented, no matter its population. It is important for people all over the West to work to change the way the Senate is now being run so that the Wyoming delegation and others of like mind are able to work through essential legislative changes to the Endangered Species Act and other wildlife, land management and energy policies. When these policies are abused as they have been by this Senate majority and Administration, it severely detracts from the Wyoming way of life. 
It’s shameful – but not surprising – that taxpayers are being shaken down for $300 million because Congress didn't have the backbone to end these wasteful subsidies. As I see it, this payoff is just trading one boondoggle for another.
The testimony delivered by the Director of the Secret Service yesterday was not confidence-inspiring.  What she described as mistakes were major security breaches.  Now is not the time for our enemies to believe we cannot protect our nation’s Commander in Chief.  I appreciate the Director’s service, but it’s time for new leadership at the agency.  Additionally, it’s time for an independent top-to-bottom review of the agency, its operations, and ability to fully carry out its mission.
The National Guard plays an indispensable role in keeping our country safe.
Sen. Grassley has been named a “Defender of Children” by the First Focus Campaign for Children, a well-respected, national bipartisan advocacy group, for leadership on children’s issues during the current congressional session.  Read more here:
Sen. Grassley outlines the benefits of ethanol, biodiesel and the Renewable Fuel Standard, which the EPA wants to scale back.
As someone whose family has been touched by cancer, I would like to remind all Nevadans that October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
"We are working in a bipartisan way to build a true states-first, all-of-the-above energy development plan for the country that will empowers local authorities to oversee energy development and keep electricity affordable for families and businesses."
Today marks the disastrous rollout of Healthcare.gov. ObamaCare has not just been a broken website but a host of #brokenpromises. Luckily, Oklahoma is leading the country in defeating ObamaCare and exposing how this big-government bureaucratic program is making healthcare more expensive.
The Ebola crisis plaguing west Africa is dire and only getting worse. The President has called on our military to use their expertise of safely and quickly mobilizing resources, but before the President puts our men and women in uniform on the front lines of another crisis, I have serious questions for the President. This is why my colleagues and I have asked the Obama Administration to address two major, yet basic, concerns before we will approve their full request to use military resources to combat Ebola.   First, the Administration needs to lay out a plan to best help prevent our military members from infection of Ebola; and second, the Administration needs to also lay out a plan for this likely long-term mission to be transferred back to appropriate government agencies and NGOs. I appreciate the Tulsa World’s editorial today as we wait for answers from the Administration: http://www.tulsaworld.com/opinion/editorials/tulsa-world-editorial-ebola-response-slowed-by-obama-administration-s/article_d9b3e2c8-bbbd-575d-95b1-3e09ff81d2f9.html#user-comment-area 
Today Senator Johnson visited Old Wisconsin Sausage in Sheboygan, where he was honored to meet some great people responsible for brats, one of our state’s most delicious products.
Sen. Johnson is looking forward to helping Super Steel kick off Manufacturing Month! Milwaukee area leaders, parents and educators are invited to attend to learn more about manufacturing. Click the link below for more details and to register. We hope to see you there!  http://bit.ly/1vxwQrW
Today  92 #IL #WWII #Veterans traveled to DC with Honor Flight Chicago to see their memorial. Thank you for sharing your incredible stories and for saving our nation so many years ago.
Do you agree or disagree with the author of this article?  "This way of thinking about things is especially effective now, I think, because our public institutions and programs, in some cases designed before the middle part of the last century, are badly outdated and desperately in need of reform; because modern-day liberalism is sclerotic and reactionary, in the sense that “progressives” fiercely oppose adjustments to our entitlement programs, education system, tax code, energy policies, and much else; and because advocating reform allows conservatives to be agents of change, modern, responsive, and serious about governing.  "We’re seeing a collapse of confidence in the federal government; Americans understand it’s not aligned with reality (including demographic trends, advances in technology, and globalization) or our contemporary needs. Which means conservatives have an opportunity to reconceive the role of government in the 21st century, to do so in bold (but not radical) ways, and do it in a way that is a little less theoretical and a lot more practical, by which I mean showing how conservative policies are going to improve, on a daily basis, the lives of middle-class Americans." 
Another group of Utah veterans visited DC on an #honorflight this week.  Members of my staff went to welcome the group to our nation's capital.  I am confident that this group of WWII veterans had a memorable experience visiting the memorial built to honor their service.  #honorutahveterans
NA
Yesterday, I visited the University of Kansas Department of Special Education—consistently ranked as one of the top graduate-level special education programs in the country—to visit with faculty members and take part in a classroom simulation. I learned about a number of research projects, as well as how that research is being applied in the classroom. Thanks to Dean of Education Rick Ginsberg, Professor and Chair of the Department of Special Education Elizabeth Kozleski and Faculty Member Marti Elford for the informative visit.
This afternoon, I gave remarks at the grand opening and ribbon cutting ceremony for the Leavenworth VA Medical Center's new Women Veterans’ Health Center. Four women veterans were honored at the event including Miriam Blazier, Helen Perry, Kelly DeGreek and Elizabeth Hayes. Elizabeth is pictured with me in the top right photo. She was a specialist in the U.S. Army from 1986-1993. It was an honor to thank these veterans for their service. I will continue working to make certain all Kansas veterans have access to the quality health care they deserve.
Today I spoke to the Alaska Transit Conference, and the first thing I wanted to say was ‘Thank you!’ on behalf of all the Alaskans who benefit from their work – whether it’s our roads, bus lines or the Alaska Marine Highway, or so much other infrastructure that helps us get from here to there.  Whether you’re going to shopping, school, work or church, this inter-connectivity we sometimes overlook strengthens a community and an economy.
Though I am attending a number of events in Anchorage and around Alaska in the next few days, like most of you I'm tracking that Texas case of ebola. While that is of concern and troubling in its own right, I don’t think we should be saying that we have or are close to an outbreak here in this country. It’s something that we must monitor very carefully - and Alaska is already taking many precautions, just in case - but it is important that we as a country step up our efforts to help address and contain this crisis in the African nations.  In the meantime, we should avoid any unnecessary paranoia about it migrating to the United States.
Like many groups statewide, Lao-Hmong Alaskans add much to the texture and diversity of our state. In addition to my work to honor the Hmong-American Veterans who fought alongside U.S. soldiers in the Vietnam War, I also introduced a bipartisan resolution to honor all Lao-Hmong Americans through a special day of recognition.
Obamacare's Healthcare.gov marks its first birthday today. We need to repeal and replace it.
Way to go Royals! #TakeTheCrown #BeRoyal
It was an honor to meet with several World War II and Korean War veterans from Tuscaloosa today to express my deep appreciation for their service to our great nation.  I am delighted that these Alabama veterans had the opportunity to visit the national memorials in Washington dedicated to their extraordinary patriotism and courage.  We must never forget that we owe a great debt of gratitude to our servicemembers who have selflessly sacrificed for the freedoms we enjoy every day as Americans.
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the disastrous launch of ObamaCare’s website.  Learn more about ObamaCare's negative impact on families, businesses, and our economy here:  http://www.republican.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/our-view?ID=f56fcb0c-4f6e-457b-b7d4-b4b5635e5221
NA
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month!
Proud to support South Carolina's small businesses, and to be named a "Guardian of Small Business" by the NFIB.  More at http://scott.senate.gov
Education is the key to our kids' future. My #SKILLSAct, #LEAPAct and #SEAJobs Act support STEM education, while my #CHOICEAct takes decision making away from bureaucrats in DC and returns it home.  http://www.goupstate.com/article/20140930/ARTICLES/140939964/1083/ARTICLES?Title=US-Sen-Tim-Scott-speaks-at-education-summit-in-Spartanburg-
#LetsGoBucs! Lineup for tonight's Pittsburgh Pirates playoff game is up.  Here is who Clint Hurdle is going with. #Buctober #BUCN
Finally, it's #Buctober!  I have no doubt that PNC Park will be rocking tonight as the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the San Francisco Giants.  Looking forward to a strong outing from Edinson Volquez and a return trip to the NLDS.  #BUCN
Appalling that unrepentant cop-killer Mumia Abu-Jamal will deliver a commencement address at #Goddard College. Hear what I had to say about it this morning with Dom Giordano of CBS Philly. http://bit.ly/1pFVOid
At the Small Craft Harbor in #Biloxi with the Mississippi Department of Marine Resources to get an update on seafood issues and blue crabs habitat-restoration projects.
Honored to receive the National Association of Manufacturer's Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence.
