NA
Glad the House and Senate passed my bipartisan Monuments Men Bill this week, awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to Missourians and other American heroes who helped preserve our nation’s history during World War II.
As we mark the 3rd anniversary of the devastating #Joplin tornado, we remember the victims and applaud the continued efforts to rebuild the region. #JoplinStrong
Meriam Ibrahim, a 27-year old Sudanese woman who is 8-months pregnant, has been sentenced to death by the government of Sudan after refusing to recant her Christian faith. She is currently in prison along with her 20-month-old son, Martin. Please share this and join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag, #SaveMeriam.  This cannot be tolerated.
I spoke on the floor today about the serious allegations of tax dollar abuse at the Wentzville ObamaCare processing center.
It is appalling and unacceptable that a Department that is being scrutinized by Congress and the media for a string of national scandals is giving out bonuses. It is totally inconceivable that the Veterans Health Administration can justify rewarding themselves while they fail our veterans. It is my hope that the Senate will swiftly adopt this piece of legislation so that such gross misconduct is no longer rewarded at taxpayer expense. 
I listened with great interest to the President's remarks yesterday on the unfolding VA scandals. Quite frankly, I am shocked that the President feels he needs to wait for the results of yet another Office of Inspector General (IG) investigation to take action. As we discussed in our committee hearing with the Secretary last week, there are at least four years worth of reports from the Inspector General, the Government Accountability Office, the Office of Special Counsel, and Office of the Medical Investigator highlighting the problems within the Veterans Health Administration (VHA).  Yet we still can't connect the dots without a report on Phoenix?  Veterans are tired of waiting for the next report, the next investigation, the next media "Breaking News Alert."   VA is broken, Mr. President.  Veterans don't want the appearance of leadership on this issue.  They want action.
A major water resources and development agreement, which includes several provisions authored by Senator Boozman, cleared a final hurdle this afternoon when it was overwhelmingly approved by the U.S. Senate. Several provisions authored or supported by Senator Boozman made it into the final agreement.
If you haven't already done so, please take a moment to support Hoosier popcorn. 
NA
NA
VIDEO - Cornyn: Senate Should Act to Award Purple Hearts to Fort Hood Victims:
Scrapping this speech chilling rule is good news, but the IRS says it will issue a new version -- we must remain vigilant. We need to #AbolishTheIRS!
Rich Lowry: The VA’s Socialist Paradise, state exchanges failing, Obamacare denying care, and more reasons for #FullRepeal!  Read and SHARE!
Looks like United States Senator Mike Lee and I are getting lots of new constituents! Texas and Utah lead the way in the nation’s fastest growing cities.
When the President of the United States stands up and says the American people have a right to be angry, we have a reason to expect that an investigation will be thorough and there will be some accountability.  We need accountability for the #IRS scandal!
The New York Times to President Obama on the VA: A little less talk and a lot more action.
The IRS decided to revise proposed regulations concerning the tax status of 501(c)(4) non-profit groups. I believe the draft regs would have weakened Americans’ right to free speech. My colleagues and I have written letters asking the IRS to stop and I’ve cosponsored legislation that would stop it. This and the more than 150,000 public comments appear to have slowed the IRS down, but stay ready.This Administration makes a habit of trying to silence those who disagree with it.
The State of Wyoming has worked tirelessly with stakeholders over many years to protect the sage grouse. Today Senator John Barrasso, Representative Cynthia Lummis and I joined Representative Cory Gardner, R-CO-04, in introducing the Sage Grouse Protection and Conservation Act. Under this bill, Western states would continue to manage their own sage grouse population, taking into account the distinct management needs within their own borders.
Congress shouldn't be so quick to forget the waste and corruption associated with #earmarks.
Just because this #WRDA isn't driven by earmarks doesn't mean it's good for taxpayers. 
What did the White House know about the VA scandal and when did they know it?   Cooking the books is not only dishonorable and disgraceful, it's a crime. If the president really was hands-on, he'd tell the FBI to go in and investigate this crime. The president is always a day late and a dollar short on these things.  If President Obama had it in his gut to really fix this, he would be on the phone -- the first guy, not the last guy -- telling the FBI, 'I want to find out if a crime was committed against our veterans' and he would be offering a solution to make sure this never happened again.
Russia China energy deal highlites importance of energy security&approving keystone XL pipeline
Russia/China Gas deal emphasizes impt USenergy independence 4 economy&natl security-need use resources God gave us+develop alternatives
Senator Grassley met with Susan Simmons an advocate for the Gold Star Wives of America today.  Senator Grassley is honored to have met with Susan and many other participants in the event.  Visit http://www.goldstarwives.org/ to learn more about the organization.
Even though their policy ideas are often opposite, Senator Grassley and the President’s top advisor ran in the same direction for a good cause yesterday at the ACLI Capital Challenge. Check out Senator Grassley with John Podesta before the race.
Thanks to Team Grassley.  Great job yesterday at the ACLI Capital Challenge road race.  The race benefitted the Fidelco Guide Dog Foundation which provides service dogs to blinded veterans.
Gr8 Honor Meetng gold star mothers advocate at USCapitol today Susan Simmons from Iowa City check Facebook for photo
Here is Teresa’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
We worked very hard to include these two important priorities for North Dakota in the new water resources development bill, addressing issues in both the east and the west of our state. Congress’s authorization this week for the Fargo-Moorhead diversion was critical because it enables us to now pursue federal construction funding to get the project started. The authorization can also trigger state and local funding for the project because that support was contingent on authorization and a federal appropriation. Now that we have authorization, we also need to make sure the Army Corps of Engineers takes a comprehensive approach to floods in the Red River Valley by addressing concerns regarding the upstream staging area.
Watch Sen. Johnson below at the Commerce Science and Transportation Committee hearing respond when Sen. Rockefeller implies that opponents of Obamacare are racist.
Senator Rockefeller, it's wrong to imply that opponents of Obamacare are racist.  http://1.usa.gov/1pdTEIw
Impressed by the interesting questions these students from Quest Academy in Palatine #Illinois asked.
I just voted to halt bonuses until we stop the manipulation of VA schedules.   #ShareYourStory: http://bit.ly/va-experience
Accusations of secret VA wait lists are disgusting. You deserve better.   Share your story: vets@kirk.senate.gov
I have been really impressed by all the entries so far in the #roadlesstraveledutah photo contest.  I would like to thank you all for sharing your creativity.  There is still plenty of time to enter a photo if you haven't yet.  Go to lee.senate.gov for more info.
A $25 million gift from the Hall Family Foundation is a catalyst for the University of Kansas Medical Center to move forward on plans to construct a new health education building - the expansion will allow for increasing numbers of medical students.
Today I took action on the VA scandal in the Senate Appropriations Committee and am pleased the full committee accepted two amendment I offered to hold the VA accountable. The committee voted unanimously to include my VA Management Accountability Act of 2014 amendment in the VA funding bill. This same legislation was passed by the full House last night by a vote of 390-33 and today all 30 Members of the Appropriations Committee unanimously voted in favor. If given a vote on the Senate floor, it would certainly pass.   Additionally, the Committee supported my amendment to force the release of reports by the VA Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI) on their investigations into wrongdoing at VA facilities. The release of these reports will allow Americans, the press, Congress and veterans to see what the VA knew, when they knew it and what they did about it. These are important steps toward resolving the problems at the VA so that veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service.
Enjoying fresh fiddlehead ferns that Verne and I picked in Girdwood. Pair that with wild Alaskan salmon and it's the perfect birthday dinner. #AKLove
My great birthday just got better - the Senate Appropriations Committee passed my amendment requiring the labeling of Frankenfish.  (If the FDA approves it, which I continue to believe they shouldn't) It's about empowering the consumer to make an informed choice.  My choice will always be wild Alaska salmon, of course.
Wow!  What a great way to start my birthday!  I'm very fortunate to work with such a thoughtful staff ... my favorite kind of cake, too!
We need accountability and transparency in the VA. Our veterans deserve to be the first in line for the best care possible.
Let us celebrate and honor all the brave men and women who protect our freedoms and liberties. Thank you for your service!
The Eisenhower Auditorium at Fort Leavenworth this morning was filled with family and friends of the talented and gifted officers making up the 2014 graduating class of the School for Advanced Military Studies (SAMS). These folks will become the elite leadership of the United States Army. SAMS takes the "best of the best" of the graduates of the 10-month CGSC and keeps them for another year of intense study. At the end, they hold a Masters of Science degree in Military Science. Our fighting men and women deserve the very best leadership possible.  And Fort Leavenworth, the Intellectual Center of the U. S. Army, trains and develops a brilliant leadership corps.     Ideas are more important than technology. An ill-equipped Army, brilliantly led, will achieve victory. This was the theme of the school today. There are those of us who will work hard to insure that in addition to being brilliantly led, they will also be well equipped. If the federal government fails in it's responsibility to keep citizens safe from enemies foreign and domestic, then the other responsibilities don't much matter.
I have introduced bipartisan legislation to protect and improve rural health care. We cut burdensome red tape in Medicare and include measures to protect Critical Access Hospitals. http://goo.gl/Cu3xGu
In case you missed it yesterday:  http://dailycaller.com/2014/05/21/intervention-pat-roberts-addresses-harry-reids-koch-addiction-video/
The First Amendment doesn’t exist to protect the power of members of Congress. Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi should stop engaging in character assassination against citizens who choose to exercise their First Amendment rights.
Days Before Memorial Day, Senate Democrats Block Vote For More VA Accountability: http://1.usa.gov/1mayvP8  Rubio’s push to pass VA reform bill blocked  Rubio: “We are giving a Secretary, appointed by this President, confirmed by this Senate, the opportunity to be able to fire employees of his agency that are not doing their jobs. That is all we are asking here. It is not more complicated than that. And I do not understand why anyone would not support that concept. And it’s right here for us. For everyone talking about how quickly we need to act on this — here is your chance.” 
Rubio: Journalists Should Stand With Repressed Cuban Blogger, Highlight Regime's Repression: http://1.usa.gov/RXbm7W  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement condemning the Cuban regime’s blockade of Cuban blogger Yoani Sánchez’s news website, pointing to the act as the latest example of blatant repression by the Castro regime:   “Yoani Sánchez has long been one of Cuba’s most courageous pro-democracy and human rights voices, giving the world insights on life inside Cuba through her blog. She is now an aspiring Cuban media entrepreneur who the Castro regime shut down yesterday by hacking into her news website, 14ymedio.com, on the day of its launch.   “Imagine for a moment, if the U.S. government had shut down Politico the day it launched in 2007 - or any conservative, liberal or mainstream online news outlet for that matter. As Americans, we would be outraged.   “Press freedom is a universal human right, and we should be outraged that yet another blatant instance of repression has taken place in Cuba.   “I recognize it’s not the role of government officials to tell the press how to do their jobs, but I do believe it’s the responsibility of Yoani’s fellow journalists everywhere to stand in solidarity with her as the Castro government blocks her from doing her job and help her shine a light on the regime’s repression, its failures and the Cuban people’s aspirations for freedom.   “This is also a reminder about the dangers of potentially turning over governance of the Internet to any entity that gives any influence whatsoever to regimes and governments that view the Internet as a threat to their power.” 
NA
NA
"It is remarkable that on the same day the Labor Department announced 326,000 new applications for jobless benefits—an increase of 28,000 over last week—Majority Leader Reid would demand the House pass legislation to double the supply of new guest workers to fill jobs that unemployed Americans desperately need." – J.S.
We need an immediate, independent investigation of mismanagement, incompetence and corruption at the VA.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-we-need-action-full-independent-senatorial-investigation-veteran%E2%80%99s
Skyping with 12th graders at Blythewood High School this morning--great questions!
Speaking at AEI this morning with Senator Mike Lee and Majority Leader Eric Cantor on conservative solutions to alleviate poverty and help the middle class.
The men and women who have served our country should be first in line for the best quality health care. #VA #VAScandal
Today, Senator Cochran and I voted to send to the White House a major water infrastructure bill that authorizes resources for improving ports, waterways and flood control in Mississippi, and streamlines review and construction of waterway projects.
