Weekly Op-Ed: The five Native American tribes of Idaho—the Coeur d’Alene, Kootenai, Nez Perce, Shoshone-Bannock and Shoshone-Paiute—contribute to Idaho’s rich culture and are intrinsic to Idaho’s history and development. In recognition of their important role in our communities, for the past five years, I have supported legislation to celebrate the heritages of Native Americans and their contributions to the United States. The Native American Tribes in Idaho have contributed much to our state`s complex history, our culture and our economy and will continue to do so.
As the year comes to a close and we look toward 2014, I will continue to do everything I can to build momentum around solving the big issues facing our nation. It is a privilege to serve you in the United States Senate, and despite the challenges before us, we live in the greatest country in the world and have so much to be thankful for during this holiday season. I wish you and your family a very merry Christmas and a happy New Year.  -Senator Corker   Watch here: http://youtu.be/6emo6pYkGAQ.
It’s that time when we look back on the past year and forward to the next.  One of Diana and my traditions is to think about all we are thankful for.  A partial list includes our veterans and those who currently serve in our armed forces, those who serve every day on our volunteer fire departments and our emergency and rescue personnel and the chance to spend time with our family.  Let me be among the chorus of those you will hear every day – just about everywhere you go -- Merry Christmas!  Happy New Year! Click below to see a video message.
Wyoming communities and those across the country provide services related to public safety, housing, social services, transportation and the environment on federal land despite being unable to obtain property tax revenue from the federal government. To offset this loss in revenue, Congress should continue annually appropriating Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT). Senators Udall, Barrasso and I and more than a dozen others wrote to Senate appropriators asking them to support PILT.
DidUKno:when Obama talks abt income inequality he never cites CBO study Oct2011 that showed all income quintiles had real gains in income
DidUKno:When Obama talks abt income inequality his statistics don't include transfer payments foodstamps EITC employer provided healthInsure
Need to thank SenDemocrats who pressured Obama to partly suspend the individual mandate bc Obama repeals obamacare effectively
Year in Review – Jan. 3: Climbing the Capitol Steps. Share your own stories using #My2013 
 
 View more: http://bit.ly/my-2013
Visited with residents and Red Cross volunteers at Glenwood Middle School as we work to mitigate the flood damage.
Saw firsthand today how flooding in the Findlay and Ottawa region continues to plague local residents and businesses.
Fun to watch the Bengals clinch a playoff spot today -- here with Jane and two BenGals #WhoDey
Merry Christmas and happy holidays from Kelley and me
Wicker Report | Restoring military retirement benefits would keep the promise that was made to our service members.  Although the budget deal has passed, the fight goes on to ensure America’s men and women in uniform are not asked to shoulder an additional sacrifice.  Like many of my colleagues, I am committed to reversing the budget’s negative impact on our military retirees.
