When one political party decides to do something all by themselves, there is a long-term price to pay. Americans are paying the price for the health care law that President Obama and Democrats passed by themselves. Now Leader Reid and Senate Democrats have decided to break the Senate rules in order to jam through President Obama’s controversial nominees and agenda all on their own.   Watch my conversation with Chuck Todd on MSNBC this morning about this very important topic.
http://1.usa.gov/1i1KQFT
We wrapped up a busy week in Washington before adjourning for Thanksgiving recess. ICYMI: Here’s what happened in the Senate
Lost in the hyper partisanship of Senator Reid’s power grab this week was the bipartisan reauthorization of a rare Washington success story: the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR). Started under the vision and leadership of President George W. Bush, PEPFAR, the U.S. government initiative to combat HIV/AIDS around the world, has been credited with saving millions of lives over the past ten years.
On Friday, December 6, representatives from Google will host a free tech workshop for Hoosier small businesses from 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. CT at the Radisson Star Plaza on 800 East 81st Avenue in Merrillville.  At the "Indiana Get Your Business Online" event, Google experts will help Hoosier small business owners create their own websites. Businesses in attendance can receive a customized domain name, free web hosting for one year, a local business listing on Google Maps, free tools, training and resources. Google experts will be on hand to provide training on how to reach more customers online.  This is an excellent opportunity for Hoosier business owners to receive tools and valuable skills free of charge from experts in online development. According to Google, 97 percent of Internet users look online for local products and services, yet 53 percent of Indiana small businesses do not have a website or online presence. This event is designed to provide an easy and fast way for Indiana businesses to launch a website and become visible online.  More information and resources for businesses unable to attend the event are available at www.IndianaGetOnline.com.
Members of my staff will be in LaGrange, Greencastle, Angola, Plainfield and Auburn on Monday, November 25, 2013, to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. Details below:  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in LaGrange Time: 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. EST Location: LaGrange Public Library: 203 W. Spring St., Lagrange  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Greencastle Time: 11:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m. EST Location: Putnam County Circuit Court,  Commissioner’s Room: 1 Courthouse Square, Greencastle  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Angola Time: 12:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m. EST Location: Carnegie Public Library: 322 S. Wayne St., Angola  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Plainfield Time: 2:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. EST Location: Plainfield-Guilford Township Public Library: 1120 Stafford Road, Plainfield  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Auburn Time: 3:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. EST Location: Eckhart Public Library: 603 S. Jackson St., Auburn
Fifty years ago today, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas—a tragedy that shocked the nation and the world.  As many others do, I vividly recall where I was on that fateful day—sitting in English class at O.E. Bell Jr. High School in Idaho Falls. I remember my teacher’s instant emotional reaction as she announced to the class what had happened and the somberness that surrounded the day and the days following. Even as a young person, I quickly understood the enormity of what had just transpired.
News Release: Senator Michael Bennet (D-Colorado) and I have filed our Prepare, Ready, Equip, and Prevent Areas at-Risk of Emergency (PREPARE) Wildfires Act as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, which the Senate is currently considering.  Introduced in August, the deficit-neutral PREPARE Act would create a competitive grants program to provide targeted investments to state and local officials for mitigation and preparedness projects.  The pilot program would be part of FEMA’s Pre-Disaster Mitigation fund.  Instead of waiting until more towns are evacuated, homes threatened and our firefighters lives put at risk, the U.S. Senate has an opportunity to pass the PREPARE Act amendment to help states like Idaho reduce and prevent catastrophic fires.
Great story by WGME's Kim Block on the toll of Alzheimer's.  Research will be key to addressing this crisis. http://www.wgme.com/news/top-stories/stories/wgme_vid_19795.shtml
Great to be in Corpus Christi today. This season, let's strive to be cheerful givers.
Make that KSKY with Mark Davis
On with Mark Davis, 660 am, KSAY
Where were you 50 years ago today when JFK was shot?
Neither “fixes” nor delays are the answer to Obamacare.  Not one more American should suffer — repeal it entirely!
In my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video I answer your questions on the continued failures of Obamacare  (0:40) and the history of health care reform (2:24).
The Senate majority leader continues to block important amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). I’ve filed amendments that would rein in the NSA’s domestic spying on Americans and privacy violations by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. ICBMs, religious freedoms, Guantanamo detainees, the National Guard, unlawful detention, and military energy standards are also on my list. Click the link below to find out more about the amendments and the NDAA.
This holiday season please take a moment to send your thanks to our men and servicewomen around the world. Find out more about how you can participate in the Holiday Mail for Heroes program here!
I was in my home room class at Millard Lefler Junior High in Lincoln when our teacher told us the President had been shot. The class immediately fell silent. It seemed only a few minutes later that there was an announcement over the intercom that school was dismissed. I walked home and found my mother and aunt, both teachers, also home from school. They were sitting on the couch crying. The next several days were spent in front of our television sharing our grief with the entire country as the nation mourned. Today, 50 years later, we reflect on the anniversary of this transformative moment in our nation’s history. President Kennedy  inspired a generation of young Americans to answer the call to public service at home and abroad.
Senator Grassley today released a report showing that the Department of Defense’s flagship accounting agency, the Defense Finance and Accounting Service, likely did not earn clean opinions on its own financial statements despite claims to the contrary, putting the Secretary of Defense’s audit readiness initiative in jeopardy.  The report also says that the Inspector General appears to have buckled under pressure from the auditing agency when it attempted to conduct oversight of the troubled agency’s financial statements.  The press release and the report can be found here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47565.  
 
 Click here to read a news story written by McClatchy reporters Jim Rosen and Marisa Taylor about my report and the problems within the Defense Finance and Accounting Service: http://www.mcclatchydc.com/2013/11/22/209356/pentagons-bosses-thwart-accurate.html
Check out my new rpt on DoD audit http://t.co/UGgC2FEPJh Also read McClatchy story on my report & audit/IG integrity-$ probs
CMS annc last NIGHT means premium rate hikes next yr due 2 Obamacare will b hidden til after 2014 election- rates shld be public b4 election
Senator Grassley discusses congressional oversight of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act – read more here:
Today, 50 years after the assassination of our 35th President, we honor #JFK's leadership and legacy.
Next week there will be a Multi-Agency Resource Center for tornado victims in Brookport #Illinois to work with state and local agencies. It will be open Monday and Tuesday from 10am to 6pm at the Old Gym behind Brookport Elementary School (306 Crockett St. in Brookport).
This Saturday through Tuesday, 8am to 7pm, people affected by the Washington #Illinois tornado can visit the Multi-Agency Resource Center at Five Points (360 N. Wilmor Rd. in Washington) for recovery assistance and information.  For more information about recovery efforts, visit Ready Illinois: http://www.illinois.gov/ready/Press/Pages/111713.aspx
I enjoyed speaking with about 100 members of the Lawrence Chamber of Commerce today. We discussed many issues facing our nation including the fiscal crisis and the need to make real changes in Washington D.C. A basic function of Congress is to pass a responsible budget, and we must end this crisis-to-crisis way of governing.
Please, please be safe out there, Alaska!  If you have to be out on the roads, drive carefully and slowly.
Great news: this morning the Department of Defense announced they are listening to Alaskans – when they released their Arctic Strategy, Secretary Hagel said he plans to be ‘very active and very involved’ in the Arctic.  The emerging opportunities for shipping, tourism and development in the Arctic are incredibly exciting, and I am glad that they want to seize and protect the possibilities we have up north.  I appreciated Secretary Hagel sitting down with me last week and I look forward to working with him and the rest of the Department moving forward and in ensuring Alaska is involved as the Department moves forward with their Strategy.
Today, Senate Democrats decided they want more party line votes to push their agenda forward without needing to engage a single Republican.  It’s a power grab, plain and simple.  We’ve seen this movie before; it’s called the health care law, and I am astonished that only three Democrats refused to make this drastic political move to change the process.  This rule changes how executive branch and judicial nominees are considered in the Senate.  Only the Senate has a role in their nominations.  I take the role of ‘advise and consent’ on nominees very seriously – a lifetime appointment to the bench is not just a routine job.  And when I give my consent as a U.S. Senator, it is only after considered review and study of the individual.  Advise and consent is not meant to be a rubber stamp for the President.  Yesterday I stood with Senate colleagues from the most conservative side of my party to the left end of the other and we advocated together for changes in the military justice system; ours was a coalition built upon negotiation and solid thinking.  We were working to build policy in a collaborative and cooperative way.  The action on the floor today was a stunning contrast to that collaborative effort.  Today’s vote saddens me more than it angers me.  This is a sad day for the institution of the U.S. Senate, the legislative body designed to guard the views and the voices of the minority and to be – in the words of George Washington – the ‘saucer used to cool the tea.’ Senate Democrats have shattered that saucer into pieces.  I’m afraid today’s rules change will fundamentally alter our operations and lead us to being a less tempered body.
Touring Chrysler in Toledo to learn about their World Class Manufacturing program and investments at the Toledo Assembly Complex.
Today we remember President Kennedy's death, but we must also remember his life and the rich legacy he left behind.
Latest issue of the Roberts Report is out! Give it a read and catch up on what I have been working on the last few weeks.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=c309f1eb-dc92-4e28-8975-6756d5cb6f19&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
In case you missed it: last night at 8:30 pm when the Obama Administration hoped you weren't paying attention, they announced they would extend the delay for people to keep the plans that they liked….until after the 2014 election. At that time the Administration will enforce its own rules and will deem millions of Americans’ plans substandard and force insurance companies to cancel them, again breaking the President’s promise that if you like your health care plan you can keep it.
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Promoting Adoptions and Protecting Foster Children: http://1.usa.gov/17P2Vm2  Rubio: “On November 23rd, many across our nation will celebrate National Adoption Day. And there is much to celebrate about this family institution that has made us a better and stronger society.”
NA
Today, Senator Shelby led the Alabama Congressional delegation in making the case for more aerospace jobs in Huntsville. Read the letter that Shelby and his colleagues sent to Boeing's CEO:
Sessions: “These business people do not get to set the [immigration] policy for the United States of America. They do not represent the United States of America, they represent their special interests… I know who I represent, I represent 4 million Alabamians and 300 million Americans.”
Sen. Sessions will be on LIVE with Laura Ingraham at 8:30am CT. You can listen here:
Going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren at 7pm tonight, make sure to tune in!
Enjoyed giving the keynote address at the Palmetto Policy Forum in Charleston today, talking about how education and economic freedom are the keys to eradicating poverty.  http://www.thestate.com/2013/11/22/3115402/politics-tim-scott-says-parents.html?
A victory for religious freedom.   http://triblive.com/news/adminpage/5120227-74/coverage-government-provide#axzz2lOov5mJ0
Today we remember President John F. Kennedy- 50 years after his passing.  Check out this thought provoking piece from today’s TribLIVE.com - Pittsburgh's News Source by David Conti.  http://goo.gl/9nqhtA
This latest delay proves that President Obama and congressional Democrats are terrified of the political fallout from Obamacare. Americans from all walks of life are being impacted by the law’s harmful mandates, higher premiums, and canceled health-care coverage. The Administration’s postponement of the health-care enrollment period next year is nothing short of a political decision to save vulnerable Democrats up for reelection next year.  The President’s health-care law is the wrong approach to providing more affordable and more accessible coverage. It is increasingly clear that market-driven solutions are a better answer to today’s health-care challenges.
The "Employee Rights Act" gives workers the freedom they deserve to make the best choice for themselves. It protects employees from being forced to join unions or to have their union dues used for political purposes without their consent.  It is vital that the rights of American workers are protected and not unfairly left at the whim of Big Labor.
