ICYMI: In The Hill article, “Senator: ObamaCare ‘about as clear as mud,’” Ben Goad writes: “The public is confused about ObamaCare because the administration is ‘burying’ important details, a Republican senator charged Thursday. Sen. Lamar Alexander (Tenn.), the top Republican on the Senate health committee, criticized the administration's handling of ObamaCare regulations, noting that some were released through informal channels, while others had to be unearthed by reporters. ‘This law is about as clear as mud,’ Alexander said. ‘And instead of helping Americans understand their new obligations, the Obama administration has been burying important changes — not announcing them boldly, as you’d expect an administration that’s proud of its new healthcare law to do.’” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander that this law is a trainwreck. http://1.usa.gov/1bKlNUX
Follow this link to watch my remarks from yesterday on the Senate floor about the government shutdown and debt ceiling urging members to find common ground that puts our country on the path to fiscal responsibility.
NA
I met today with Senate Republicans, President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew at the White House for approximately two hours. For a president who said he would not negotiate, today’s meeting was a step forward. Both sides had the opportunity to present their viewpoints, and it is important that we are at least talking. I will continue to work with my colleagues – in both the House and Senate – to find a solution so we can remove this uncertainty to focus on restoring our fiscal health and growing the economy.
Students from Corydon Central Junior High School had their trip to DC disrupted by the government shutdown. So in lieu of their original plans, Rep. Todd Young and I did our best to answer their questions  about their government.
VIDEO: Cornyn: No Blank Check For President Obama
My thoughts on WH mtg: Could have been a productive conversation; instead was a predictable lecture from POTUS that didn't lay out new path.
Headed to WH at POTUS's invitation for a "conversation" not a "negotiation," or at least so POTUS claims.
Is POTUS finally beginning to negotiate?
Today at 5pm ET on CNN’s “The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer, Senator Corker will talk about negotiations over the debt limit and the government shutdown.
Obamacare is hurting the American people and Washington is not listening to the people.  Let's #MakeDCListen #DefundObamacare #VVS13
I don't think we should treat the ruling class in Washington better than hard-working American families. #MakeDCListen #DefundObamacare
Yesterday, I addressed some of your questions and comments from Facebook and Twitter about funding the federal government (0:20), the closure of national parks (1:53), and the debt ceiling (3:50).
Read today WSJournalletter to Ed fr iowa Gov Branstad disagreeing w latest WSJ ed attacking ethanol Things writer Knows
Meeting at White House over. Very good discussion on shutdown Nothing obvious decided But hope I'm surprised there may be progress
On way to White House w all senate republicans to see if we can get president to negotiate on ending govt shutdown Thx Pres for meeting
I am hopeful that we are moving towards a bipartisan agreement to re-open our government and protect our nation's full faith and credit. Any serious short-term package should serve as a catalyst to a 'big deal' with spending cuts and reforms to entitlements and the tax code.
For too long, Republicans have put off the difficult work of developing a modernized, principled conservative reform agenda to meet many of the new challenges of the 21st century.  There are many reasons why this is so. But I think the biggest is that in this city, conservatives often fall into a trap – defining ourselves by what we are against: Big government, debt, higher taxes and regulations, Obamacare. But we haven’t invested nearly as much time and energy in communicating what we conservatives are for.  I’m talking about more than simply the policies we advocate. Conservatism is not about the bills we want to pass, but the nation we want to be.  The real goal - what conservatives are really for - is not an agenda for government. It’s a vision of society. A view of the world we want to build, together. “Together.” That word, “together,” is an essential – and too often overlooked – part of what we conservatives believe.  We’re all committed to bedrock principles of individual liberty, individual rights, and personal responsibility.  But the reason we fight for individual freedom is the strength, vitality, and value of the communities free individuals form.   The alternative to big government is not small government.  The alternative to big government is a thriving, flourishing nation of cooperative communities – where your success depends on your service. It’s a free enterprise economy where everyone works for everyone else, competing to see who can figure out the best way to help the most people.  And it’s a voluntary civil society, where free individuals come together to meet each other’s needs, fill in the gaps, and make sure no one gets left behind.
En route to the White House for a meeting with the President. No one can predict with certainty how the current situation will be resolved, but I am confident that if we keep advancing common-sense solutions, there will ultimately be meaningful discussions that will bring this stalemate to an end.  I do not accept the idea that crisis-to-crisis governing is the only way Washington can deal with tough issues. With courage and discipline, Congress and the President can address the real and significant problems that face our nation.
Answered some phone calls at the office this afternoon to hear directly from Ohioans. Thanks for the input - keep it coming.
In case you missed it: Earlier today, I spoke at the Values Voter Summit in Washington, D.C.  Click below to hear my speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ol7MabJkb9g&feature=c4-overview&list=UUeM9I-20oWUs8daIIpsNHoQ
Why I plan to Grill Yellen: The Federal Reserve is structurally flawed.  The institution needs to be reformed to prevent Yellen, or any other future nominee, from using the enormous power of the Fed to aid and abet the allies of big government.   Read more: http://ideas.time.com/2013/10/11/rand-paul-why-i-plan-to-grill-yellen/#ixzz2hRAa5q1k
Debt increase or not, the United States will not default. We have never defaulted. A responsible leader would be trying to assuage any such fears. The nation deserves better than the fiscal irresponsibility crippling D.C.  Read more of my Washington Times op-ed here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/oct/10/paul-the-nation-deserves-better/
Bret Baier, George Will and Juan Williams discussed my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign tonight on Fox News Special Report. Check out the video below.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xS-p5PW0n_I&feature=youtu.be
In the absence of a full repeal of Obamacare, which is my preference, we need new leadership from top to bottom. I am calling on the Secretary of Health and Human Services to resign.
 See my full statement here: http://goo.gl/0C72r8
 
 Everything we have warned about the exchanges has come to pass. Americans are tired of the Sebelius spin. They can see Obamacare has failed them. We need a Secretary who can admit when enough is enough.
Just spoke on the Senate Floor about the #debt ceiling and America's need for a responsible path forward--watch here http://youtu.be/TbnzSuArv38
Heading to speak on the debt ceiling on the Senate floor.
Joining Fox News now to talk about the debt ceiling and Senate Republicans' meeting at the White House today.
Speaking at the Values Voter Summit now! Stream at cspan.org
I will be addressing the Value Voters Summit this morning at 10:25 AM--watch it on C-SPAN 3 or stream it here!  http://www.c-span.org/Events/Members-of-Congress-Address-Values-Voter-Summit/10737442004-1/
