Sen. Alexander today called on the Obama administration to immediately rescind the Education Department’s 37-page guidance issued to instruct 14,000 local school districts from Washington on how to distribute state, local and federal funds to ensure students have equal access to educational resources and instead submit the proposal to Congress to approve or reject.   “This administration’s National School Board has gone from telling states what academic standards they should set to, now, making decisions for our school districts about school wi-fi hotspots, air conditioning systems, performance art spaces or the quality of the carpeting in the hallways. Tennessee’s 1 million public school students are only going to learn what they need to know from the teachers, principals, and school officials who know them best—not from the bureaucrats running the National School Board in Washington.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=e491a285-faa4-440f-aba3-ad2e82a9ef82
On the first anniversary of the Obamacare exchanges opening, another 2,000 Tennesseans are receiving notices this month of their health plans being canceled, which Sen. Alexander says “is one more reason that it should be the last anniversary.”   “Today we learn that 2,000 more Tennesseans are losing their plans because of Obamacare and joining the likes of Emilie from Middle Tennessee, who last year lost her $50-a-month CoverTN plan because of Obamacare and is now paying nearly $400 a month for a new plan. Today is the first anniversary of the Obamacare exchanges, and this news is one more reason that it should be the last anniversary—it’s time to give Tennesseans more choices for affordable care, not fewer.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=2e32f610-df66-45cb-bb81-5b648a503e7b
October is #Cybersecurity Awareness Month. Here are some tips to keep your online information safe.
Marsha Coats, wife of Senator Dan Coats (R-Ind.), today announced that her mother, Miriam Esther Gregg Crawford, passed away on Wednesday at the age of 96. Mrs. Crawford resided at Wellbrooke of Westfield in Westfield, Indiana.   Born in a farmhouse near Middletown, Ohio on September 22, 1918, Mrs. Crawford was a graduate of Olivet Nazarene University, where she played on the basketball and tennis teams. She worked as an elementary school teacher during her professional career. Known for her fun-loving nature, Mrs. Crawford was an avid sports fan who loved to bake and play bridge. She was active in her church and was a supportive wife, mother and grandmother.   Miriam Crawford is survived by her daughter, Marsha Coats and her husband Senator Dan Coats of Carmel, Indiana; her son, Dr. Greg Crawford and his wife Susan of Grabill, Indiana; along with five grandchildren and 14 great-grandchildren. Mrs. Crawford’s husband of 70 years, Cecil Crawford, passed away on June 6, 2013.   A burial service for Miriam “Mim” Crawford will take place at the Leo Memorial Cemetery in Leo, Indiana on Sunday afternoon.
NA
The deadline is rapidly approaching for Idaho students to apply for a spring internship opportunity within my Washington, D.C., office or one of my six state offices throughout Idaho. Interns play an invaluable role, assisting with legislative research, constituent services and communications operations, as well providing tours of the U.S. Capitol to visiting Idahoans.  To learn more about the internship program and access application materials, click here:http://goo.gl/bfFxDu #idpol 
NA
Sept. 27th, 2014
Due to the Obama Administration's unclear approach to addressing the threat of the Ebola virus, Americans – particularly the Texans who have possibly been exposed – deserve specific answers to how the administration is addressing travel to and from the countries impacted by the disease.  It is imperative that the FAA take every available precaution in preventing additional cases from arriving in the United States.
A reprehensible reminder of what Iran is doing to women:
179 years ago when Santa Anna demanded the Texians in the city of Gonzales hand over their guns and the cannon that defended their city, they responded with the immortal cry: #ComeAndTakeIt!
Last week I got to visit a great antique store and fascinating museum in Encampment, a facility where they fix up rail cars in Bill, and the Diesel Program at Northern WY Community College in Gillette. This was the start of my “Wyoming Works Tour”, where I will be travelling all over the state visiting businesses and learning about what they do. Make sure to check out the great photos. #WyoWorks
This week the first case of Ebola was diagnosed in the U.S. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has put together an Ebola virus website with the most complete and up-to-date information on the disease.
According to an independent office within the Small Business Administration (SBA), a controversial rule the EPA is pushing under the Clean Water Act would have a big impact on economic activity and small businesses. The SBA office said the EPA erred and should withdraw its proposal. The rule would give the federal government more control over streams, creeks, and wetlands. If the EPA’s quest to control all water is successful then that one federal agency will control more than just our water. It’s time Congress exercises its authority as a check against the executive power. I am the sponsor of S.J. Res 34, an amendment to the Constitution that would give states the ability to repeal federal laws and regulations when two-thirds of the states agree.  I also joined Senator John Barrasso in support of his bill, S. 2496, that would specifically stop the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers from finalizing this rule. 
“The USDA grants made available through the farm bill for specialty crops reflect another way we worked to make sure the farm bill helps to advance the good work of North Dakota’s producers. North Dakota is a leading producer of several specialty crops, and these grants will help advance the research paramount to furthering the success of our state’s robust specialty crop industries.”
“We worked hard to ensure the farm bill included strong risk management tools that meet the unique needs of our producers, which is why I pushed to include the new Agriculture Risk and Price Loss Coverage programs in the farm bill to help farmers better manage their risk. Risk management tools like these are important, because they benefit not just producers, but also every single American who has access to the highest-quality and most affordable food, fuel and fiber in the world. These new programs offer two strong options for our farmers, and starting Monday they will have resources available to help them determine the program that best meets their needs.”
While our state may be associated most with the promising energy boom, Oklahoma is benefitting enormously from the growing aerospace industry. Just this week Boeing announced plans to add another 900 jobs to the more than 120,000 aerospace jobs employing Oklahomans across the state. The Oklahoman has a must-read today on the aerospace industry taking flight in Oklahoma:  http://bit.ly/1sP6Rh0
#TBT to visiting young children at an orphanage in Africa in 2005. The continent has always held a special place in my heart. After many visits, it is difficult to leave without wanting to help equip its people with the resources to reduce poverty,  develop a robust economy and democratic governance, and end terrorism and child trafficking. As always, but especially in recent weeks, my heart is with Africa and the people in the west part of the continent who are battling a dangerous outbreak of Ebola.
I sent a survey this week to subscribers of my e-newsletter to hear how Oklahomans perceive the threat of ISIS and feel about America’s involvement in defeating this terrorist army. Of the more than 1,000 that participated, 82% said that they would support American boots on the ground if our military advisors said it was necessary to defeat ISIS. When asked if the President has presented Americans with a honest and effective strategy for U.S. involvement in defeating ISIS, 91% said no. Do you agree?
Go Pack Go!
#TBT to when Sen. Johnson visited Teak & Soxy last year,  a fantastic small business in Princeton.
Today Senator Johnson toured the Kohler Center for Manufacturing Excellence at Lakeshore Technical College and spoke at their dedication ceremony.
Over 9% of #Illinois #vets & over 13% of post-9/11 Illinois vets are unemployed. Our heroes deserve better. VETERANS, join me & find a job at my Veterans #JobFair on October 7 in Palatine.  There are over 2,000 jobs available! RSVP: 
Despite trillions of taxpayer dollars spent to eradicate poverty since the late 1960s, the poverty rate across the country has hardly budged. And nearly every strategy we have employed in this “war on poverty” – dealing with everything from health care to criminal justice – has failed to achieve genuine change in our most vulnerable communities.  In that same time, participation in civil society, marriage, and religion have deteriorated in poor neighborhoods – compounding economic hardship with social isolation.  All of this might lead some to the depressing conclusion that America’s war on poverty has failed. But the evidence proves nothing of the sort.   On the contrary, I believe the American people are poised to launch a new, bold, and heroic offensive in the war on poverty… if conservatives summon the courage to lead it.
To expand Kentucky families’ access to 529 plans, and make it even easier for them to pay for their child’s higher education, I was proud to offer the Enhanced 529-Setting Aside for a Valuable Education, or Enhanced 529-SAVE, Act on the floor of the U.S. Senate last month.  The Enhanced 529-SAVE Act will make 529 plans more accessible by encouraging employers to contribute to an employee’s 529 plan. My bill would exclude up to $600 of an employer’s contribution from an employee’s gross income. This will help families and individuals save more for higher education expenses.  The Enhanced 529-SAVE Act will also help lower-income families and individuals save money for college by allowing the individual that contributes to the 529 plan to qualify for the Saver’s Credit, which is an income-based, non-refundable tax credit up to $4,000.  These are powerful savings tools that help students and their families afford college. 
I was glad to see that the Small Business Administration (SBA) – a U.S. government agency established to protect the interests of small businesses – agrees it is time for the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to ditch the proposed clean water rule. According to official comments submitted by the SBA, the EPA improperly analyzed the “direct, significant impacts” the proposed rule will have on agriculture and other small businesses. Contrary to the story the EPA is attempting to tell, the SBA’s “economic analysis clearly indicates that this rule is likely to have a significant economic effect on small businesses.” 
It was a pleasure to join Sporting Kansas City at The White House today where they were honored as the 2013 MLS Cup Champions. This year marks the club's 19th year in Major League Soccer, and I'm glad they were recognized for their efforts on the field and in the Kansas City community. The team will stay in Washington through Friday when they take on D.C. United. Click here to view the  ceremony. http://bit.ly/Ztw3wL
Way to go Bernadette Adams, for making local history as the first woman in Barrow to take a whale! I love everything about this….from her humility and giving credit to her crew members ----to the fact the crew divvies up the meat and muktuk and shares with the community.  
I'd like to offer an Alaska-sized congratulations to the three Alaska elementary schools recognized as National Blue Ribbon Schools! These facilities are the ‘best of the best’ of what our education system aspires to be. On behalf of a proud state – and as former PTA member myself – congratulations to the staff, parents, and students of Haines Elementary, Crawford Elementary, and Peterson Elementary!
Proud of the 179th Airlift Wing and 910th Airlift Wing -- our C-130 units at Mansfield Air National Guard Base and Youngstown Air Reserve Station. The Air Force must modernize this critical fleet. 
In case you missed it: Even the SBA wants to #ditchtherule. The Administration's own Small Business Administration has said "Advocacy recommends that the agencies withdraw the rule and that the EPA conduct a Small Business Advocacy Review panel before proceeding any further with this rulemaking." SBA found the change to the definitions of the Waters of the U.S. rule would have a significant economic impact.  http://www.sba.gov/advocacy/1012014-definition-waters-united-states-under-clean-water-act
Rubio Comments On Obama’s Criticism Of New Israeli Housing Project: http://1.usa.gov/ZvYeLs  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s criticism of a new Israeli housing project in Jerusalem:   “The Obama administration’s decision to criticize Israel for housing construction in Jerusalem, even as the President hosted Prime Minister Netanyahu at the White House yesterday, was deplorable. Jerusalem is Israel’s capital and the United States should not be condemning zoning and permitting decisions made by Jerusalem’s municipal government.     “Moreover, the insinuation that Israel could and should have done more to avoid civilian casualties during recent operations in Gaza is a shameful attack on an ally. Despite being faced with a steady barrage of rocket fire raining down on Israeli civilians, the Israeli Defence Forces showed great restraint even as Hamas used the residents of Gaza as human shields. As we know from our own experiences in combat, avoiding all civilian casualties is nearly impossible – and when a foe uses civilians as shields, as Hamas does, it is entirely impossible.     “Finally, the Obama Administration’s view of Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts suggests that it has learned nothing from its six years of failed efforts. The administration can continue to live in a fantasy world where we are always just one step from a renewal of the peace process and the achievement of a comprehensive agreement, but the fact of the matter remains that Israel does not have a viable negotiating partner. Palestinian ‘leaders’ who make false accusations of genocide, partner with a terrorist group, and constantly peddle hateful rhetoric, rather than take the tough decisions required to create a lasting peace, are not seeking peace with Israel.     “This is another case of President Obama’s bizarre logic of tearing down our closest partners while building up those who do not share our values. Especially now, when Israel and moderate Arab states in the Middle East are facing terrorist attacks, the president should begin to treat Israel as the invaluable and reliable friend it truly is.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: Hats Off To The University Of Tennessee For Standing Up For Public Prayer: http://bit.ly/10msfxv  ...  Those who attack public prayer – whether it occurs at schools, in legislatures or football stadiums – all have in common a dream of moving toward a “naked public square”. Their goals and tactics aim to make religion stigmatized, feared and something best kept private. Fortunately, however, America’s long-standing tradition of welcoming prayers in public settings have been defended by the vast majority of Americans, protected by law and upheld by several court decisions.   So as we get ready for this weekend’s Florida-Tennessee game, Gator fans like me will at least rejoice in knowing that, although we can’t do anything about silencing the Tennessee marching band from playing “Rocky Top” (over and over and over again), the vast majority of Gator and Volunteer fans alike stand together for at least a couple of things: 1) in knowing the SEC is the king of college football, and 2) for our right to pray together before kickoff and give thanks for all our blessings. 
Did you know Mount Cheaha State Park is Alabama's highest point?
The Senate Budget Committee GOP, of which Sen. Sessions is the Ranking Member, released the following chart book today illustrating the economic struggles confronting the American middle class.
#SurvivorShoutout I was blessed to give away my friend Wendy Barba at her wedding. Wendy is thriving 14 years after her diagnosis. #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
Applications are now being accepted for the 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program.  I strongly encourage middle school and high school students to apply.  Click below for more details.
