ICYMI: In the Washington Examiner article, “Republicans warn administration on Obamacare 'fix' for unions,” Sean Higgins writes about 21 GOP lawmakers, led by Sen. Alexander, who are arguing against the Obama administration concerning a “special carve out” favoring unions under Obamacare. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander and other Republicans that favoring unions would be “grossly unfair to every non-union worker in America…” http://bit.ly/18SzFdQ
I've repeatedly voted to defund, repeal, and delay President Obama's health care law and I believe there is growing evidence that it will not work. That’s why this week I will continue that fight by supporting the House-passed continuing resolution, which defunds ObamaCare and keeps the federal government open without increasing federal spending.
I've always been an opponent of Obamacare and will continue to be. In our latest column we discuss some waste, fraud and abuse of this problematic law.
Were you on our tele-town hall call last night? If not, you can listen to our discussion at the link below. If you want to participate in our next event you can sign-up there too.
We'll be joining the Alice Stewart show tomorrow morning with guest host Rex Nelson. Tune in at 7:30 CT.
I'm looking forward to joining Greta Van Susteren on Fox News tonight at 10:00 pm (ET) 8:00 pm (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
The President has failed to change public opinion—so today he’ll be President Clinton’s warm-up act in last-ditch Obamacare sales job. Obamacare was supposed to be the signature achievement of the Obama presidency so why does he need to call for backup to explain it? They need to speak to workers, spouses, young people and more who've been ignored and deserve a permanent Obamacare delay.
Lois Lerner, the individual who headed the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) division that handles applications for tax-exempt status, announced her retirement yesterday. Ms. Lerner’s retirement does not change the need for the investigation into IRS targeting to proceed expeditiously. I will continue to work with my colleagues on the Finance Committee to hold people accountable at the IRS.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I are co-sponsoring Utah Senator Orrin Hatch’s Trust But Verify bill.  The Trust But Verify Act will prevent the implementation of health insurance exchanges established under Obamacare until the U.S. Government Accountability Office and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Inspector General can verify that the proper tools are in place to protect the private information of enrollees.  Proper safeguards must be in place to protect the personal privacy of Americans participating in any health care exchange.  This bill highlights yet another problem in the existing list regarding the rollout of the health care law.  We remain steadfast in our opposition to the law, and our work to defund and repeal it continues.
Congratulations to the University of Idaho’s Marching Band, who was recently highlighted by Rolling Stone Magazine for their innovative cover of the popular song “Thriftshop”.  The band ranked on a recent Rolling Stone list of the top 10 college marching band covers in the nation. Go Vandals!
VIDEO: Cornyn: Will Red State Democrats Vote to Defund Obamacare?
VIDEO: Cornyn: Only Way to Effectively Stop Obamacare is to Dismantle it Entirely
“Nearly four years ago the Democrat elite rammed through the President’s $2.6 trillion, 2,000 plus page takeover of health care under the cover of night with the help of special sweetheart deals like the Cornhusker Kickback and the Louisiana Purchase."
Cornyn to Support Bill to Defund Obamacare:
We need to #MakeDCListen.
It's time for Senate Republicans to stand with House Republicans to #DefundObamacare.
 
 SHARE if you're with me!
I think $100 billion is a lot of money, a significant amount of money.  That’s at least how much customers of health insurance companies will end up paying because of some new taxes under Obamacare, yet the IRS and Department of Treasure seem to think this is ‘insignificant’. I’ve teamed up with Senator Barrasso, Rep. Erik Paulsen and others to ask the Administration to justify why it doesn't think these taxes are economically significant.
Four succinct reasons why I oppose #Obamacare.
Had a great time chatting with some of Nevada’s finest veterans at the Homeless Veterans “Stand Down." Thanks to the over 40 organizations who came to provide various services to our heroes in Northern Nevada. #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
TeaPartyPatriots.org is running a robo call in Oklahoma that alludes to two false accusations. Let me assure you that I will be voting this week to defund ObamaCare with my friend Senator Ted Cruz. Now is our opportunity to deal with this disastrous law, and this law has got to go. Let me also dispel the second accusation - I am a cosponsor of Sen. Vitter's amendment to end subsidies for Members of Congress and their staff enrolled in ObamaCare's health insurance exchanges. 
 
 I have been clear on my position on ObamaCare from the beginning, and it is a shame that an organization would seek to raise money with my name and a false accusation.
I sent a letter to Sec. Kerry today warning him about his plans for the United States to become a signatory nation to the U.N. Arm Trade Treaty on Wednesday. This treaty is already dead in the water in the Senate. In March, 53 Senators went on the record against this treaty when they voted for my amendment to block the United States' involvement. The Administration is wasting time trying to sign away our laws to the global community and unelected U.N. bureaucrats.
ICYMI check out my interview from last night's NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams about #StrokeRecovery & friendship: 
 
 http://bit.ly/JacksonVideo 
 
  #NeverGiveUp
I was honored to join Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate Floor today to #MakeDCListen to the American people and #DefundObamacare.  He is planning on speaking for as long as he can, and I will be joining him throughout the evening.
I will be joining Senator Ted Cruz and others today on the Senate floor to #MakeDCListen.  Share this with your friends and join the effort to #DefundObamacare: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Last night Greta Van Susteren asked me how we can prevent Senator Reid from stripping out the part of the House-passed CR that defunds #Obamacare.  You can watch my answer below if you want to understand how this process will work in the Senate:
Right now only one party has voted to fund the government.  It is time for the Senate to act and vote to fund the government but defund #Obamacare.  Share this if you agree that Harry Reid should be required to get 60 votes to strip the language that defunds Obamacare from the CR that passed the House last Friday.
Today, I introduced The Military Pay Protection Act - bipartisan legislation to make certain the nation's military families, including National Guard units assisting in disaster recovery, will not have their paychecks delayed in the event of a government shutdown. The financial well-being and readiness of those serving our country must not suffer due to gridlock on Capitol Hill. I am hopeful the President and Congress will come together to confront our nation's fiscal challenges instead of continuing to push them off to a future date. As indecision continues, this legislation will give our military members, critical civilian workers and National Guard the certainty they deserve. It is the least we can do for those who give so much.
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: Congressional action necessary to investigate Benghazi attack, Keystone XL Pipeline five-year anniversary, U.N. Arms Trade Treaty update, former Army Captain Will Swenson to receive Mdeal of Honor, and more.
Today I visited Perry Ranch in Oskaloosa, Kansas. Three generations of Perrys are currently working together on their backgrounding and cow-calf operation. It was great to visit with Phil and Rhonda about several issues important to the family-farming and -ranching community including EPA and GIPSA regulations, the COOL initiative, and access to rural healthcare. Thanks again to the Perrys for being so welcoming, and for a great visit.
Good news for everyone who enjoys and appreciates Alaska's sustainable seafood: after months of laying out why it was wrong for the federal gov't to lean on questionable outside groups to define 'sustainability,' they have backed off this flawed policy. Wild Alaskan salmon is considered a global standard for sustainability. This change paves the way for our healthy and sustainable seafood to be served at National Parks nationwide, to troops overseas, or to our own school children.
Earlier, I joined Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate floor to #MakeDCListen. In case you missed it, watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2yu-Mo1ogo
I recently met Andy and Amy Mangione of Louisville, Ky. The Mangiones are just the kind of people that President Obama claims Obamacare will help. But Andy and his wife quickly learned that Obamacare is anything but affordable and anything but helpful.  Read more about this family's Obamacare Nightmare here: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/09/24/one-man-obamacare-nightmare/
I just stood with Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate floor to #MakeDCListen about the dangers of Obamacare. I asked if stopping socialized medicine was worth the fight. Simply put: It is. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHNPP1K9XDg&feature=youtu.be
I see no reason to keep the charade going. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has said the House’s Continuing Resolution that defunds Obamacare and caps spending is dead on arrival in the Senate. I cannot vote to further legislation that does not hold true to the demands of millions of Americans who have said Obamacare is hurting their families, their businesses and our nation’s economic recovery.
6 days left. #DefundObamacare
I will oppose cloture on the motion to proceed to the continuing resolution. I cannot support Harry Reid’s efforts to sustain Obamacare and its effects on our economy.
Senator Rubio, Republican Colleagues Urge Obama To Increase Pressure On Iran: http://1.usa.gov/1dGlvM2
My statement on the continuing resolution:  The Unaffordable Care Act is raising premiums, forcing millions of Americans into part-time work, and raising taxes on hardworking American families. I am opposed to funding Obamacare, plain and simple, and my votes this week will reflect that.  Read the full statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-families-and-businesses-can%E2%80%99t-use-band-aid-budgeting-why-does
Great news for southwest Pennsylvania: PPG Industries will add 300 jobs in Butler & Allegheny Counties and build on their 130-year history in our commonwealth:
21 years in the making!  Congratulations to the Pittsburgh Pirates, who clinched a spot in the MLB playoffs last night.  #BUCTOBER #BUCNATION
