Sen. Alexander met today with Citizens for Fort Campbell, civilian advocates for our military men and women, to discuss the potential impact of sequestration on members of the military and their families.
Sen. Alexander today called on President Obama to lead, instead of “cynically campaigning around the country,” by producing a plan to replace the sequester.  Alexander continued: "This is a very simple problem to solve, and if it’s not solved it’s a complete failure of presidential leadership. If the president spent one-tenth of the time developing a plan that he has spent cynically campaigning around the country, engaging in scare tactics, the problem would be solved. If he’d send us a plan, we could consider it and solve this problem in a sensible way by the end of March.”  Alexander and fellow Tennessee Republican Senator Bob Corker have introduced legislation that would reduce the growth in entitlement spending by nearly $1 trillion. Alexander said, “Since the president hasn’t come up with a plan of his own, he’s welcome to borrow our plan to address the real problem when it comes to spending, which is out-of-control entitlement spending.”  The president has invited congressional leaders to the White House to discuss the sequester this Friday – the same day that $85 billion in automatic spending cuts, known as the sequester and authorized under the Budget Control Act of 2011, are set to take effect.  “The president proposed the sequester, Congress enacted it and he has had 18 months to suggest a different way to do it,” Alexander said. “Instead of campaigning and waiting to schedule his first meeting with congressional leaders about the sequester until the day it goes into effect, the president should have been working with Congress. There’s no excuse for the delay and the theatrics and the lack of presidential leadership.”
Sen. Alexander introduced legislation (cosponsored by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, Sen. Bob Corker, and Sen. Rand Paul) today on the Senate floor that would stop the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plan to restrict fishing below dams along the Cumberland River. Watch his speech here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNOJFHeicpo&feature=youtu.be
Sen. Alexander tonight voted against the confirmation of Jack Lew as Secretary of the U.S. Treasury and made the following statement about it:  “I’m voting against Mr. Lew solely because of his indifference and that of the Obama administration to our nation’s biggest challenge: out-of-control automatic spending increases that continue to create a massive federal debt.”
Glad that House voted today to renew VAWA & this important bipartisan legislation will soon be signed into law.
“With the clock ticking, it’s my hope that we actually get down to resolving this in a responsible way for our country, by finding alternative savings to replace sequestration.  That’s why I put pen to paper, to provide an alternative to the leadership-backed bills and to provide a choice. I firmly believe that we should have a vote on every proposal, and I think anything less is a disservice to the American people, who are demanding that we start governing.”
Great to see New Hampshire members of the American Legion in Washington this week - thank you for your service!
I spoke on the Senate floor earlier today about tomorrow’s sequestration deadline. Watch my remarks about why we need targeted cuts to rein in spending here.
Spending cuts will happen. President Obama has the ability to minimize the impact of sequestration on our nation’s economy and national security.
The last time the Senate Democrats passed a budget nearly four years ago – no one had an iPad, Instagram didn’t exist, ObamaCare had not passed, and Brett Favre still played in the NFL. Watch my remarks on the Senate floor today discussing the need for the Democrat-controlled Senate to finally pass a budget.
The Washington Post calls out The White House over distortions on sequester.  Share this if you're tired of this administration's fear-mongering.
The reality is Arkansans have been forced to make difficult decisions in this tough economy. Many of them haven’t seen a raise in years, but their taxes, gas prices and even the price of food at the store has gone up. To tell them that Washington cannot tighten its belt a little as well would be disingenuous and completely out-of-touch. Read more on today's sequester votes by following the link below.
This was my view during a Joint Senate and House Veterans' Affairs Committee Hearing as we listened to presentations from Veterans' Service Organizations.
Fees collected at Arkansas Army Corps of Engineers recreational sites should stay in the Natural State. This bill would reinvest millions in our state.
News Release: I commend my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives for passing the bipartisan Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).  Today’s passage is a great victory in the fight against domestic violence and I thank all of my colleagues and the advocates, like the Idaho Coalition Against Sexual and Domestic Violence, who have worked tirelessly to get VAWA passed.  VAWA will help stem the rise of domestic violence in Idaho and across the nation.  Today’s passage shows there are areas where Congress can work together.
Stepped out of a Banking hearing this morning to visit with the Idaho Coalition Against Sexual & Domestic Violence.
Trillion dollar deficits every year and 1,400 days since the U.S. Senate has passed a budget. Time to cut spending and pass a budget. "Like" and "share" if you agree.
POTUS sez you may not notice the sequester for a month... .
Cornyn: White House’s Sequester Substitute Raises Deficit:
CQ: "President Barack Obama’s fiscal 2014 proposed budget is running seven weeks late and almost surely will not be released before the House and Senate act on their budget resolutions next month."
Cornyn: President is using the sequester "to scare people in order to grow the size of government:"
WFAA Dallas: Senate Confirms Lew as Treasury; Cornyn, Cruz Vote 'Nay'
4 Pinocchios for Education Secretary's phony scare tactics on sequestration
What an incredible two months! Wanted to update you about what I'm working on in Washington and around Texas.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
We have to cut the worst first. President Obama should take a page from Wyoming Governor Matt Mead’s playbook and prioritize what the federal government does. I voted for a plan that would allow him to do that, but the majority in the Senate rejected it.
After traveling more than 2,000 miles across Wyoming last week and holding listening sessions in 11 communities, I heard quite a few comments and concerns.  I continue to hear them through other means too. I wanted to sit down to address a couple of these topics: sequestration and the Violence Against Women Act. I received comments on these topics from Facebook and Twitter, through phone calls to my D.C. and Wyoming offices, and through email and written letters. Thank you for your thoughts, ideas, and suggestions. And please, keep them coming. I plan to do these videos every other week when the Senate is in session.
I was pleased to have the opportunity to co-host the Capitol Hill Eagle Scout Reception last night with Rep. Pete Sessions (R-Texas) of the 1970 Eagle class. Boy Scouts of America prepares youth for adventure, for service, and for leadership. I’m proud of my Eagle Scout award, and I am proud of all the young people who excel and have excelled thanks to the Scouts.
One of the highlights of my week is always meeting with Nebraskans visiting DC. This week I had the opportunity to meet with members of the Nebraska American Legion and the American Legion Auxiliary. It's great meeting with our veterans and seeing familiar faces, including a good friend from Valentine. I want to thank all veterans for their service to our country!
Sequestration Should Force Responsible Action
Senator Grassley discussing sequester on Senate floor now. Watch at http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Sen. Chuck Grassley: We will go into sequester
Grassley, Goodlatte Press Napolitano for Answers on Release of Illegal Immigrants from Detention
Grassley: New GAO Report Shows FBI Luxury Jets Used for Executive Travel, Not Counterterrorism Efforts
Grassley Presses for Details about Federal Courts’ Handling of Sequestration
Grassley on Sequester: Time for President to Focus on Spending Discipline | The Iowa Republican
Obama Memo on ‘Sensitive’ Jobs Stirs Whistle-Blower Fears
Want to hear my thoughts on today’s sequestration votes? Watch here:
ICYMI: I asked panelists at the Veterans’ Affairs Committee hearing about the backlog of U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs claims in Nevada.  Currently, the VA Regional Office for the State of Nevada is facing a backlog of more than 10,000 cases.
I applaud my Democratic colleagues who stepped across the aisle today to vote for my bill despite a veto threat from the President. My number one goal all along has been to avert defense cuts, but until we find that solution, we must at least give our military leaders the ability to mitigate the devastating impacts of these arbitrary across-the-board cuts. At the end of the day, my concern is for the men and women in uniform. http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=22e0e586-e9ed-c84c-bbae-d414b317ef88
The President has issued a veto threat on the sequestration flexibility bill Sen. Toomey and I introduced today. It's clear the President is concerned about the bill because he knows this is the bipartisan solution that places the onus on him to mitigate the devastating impacts of sequestration cuts he set into motion this year. This veto threat simply continues the sad and broken narrative of President Obama that the only way to protect our national security and critical federal services is by asking hardworking Americans to pay more taxes. But sequestration is not about taxes. Sequestration is a law solely focused on cutting federal spending, and that must be the focus of this debate. http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=222cbfcd-9e86-bdeb-249b-480d8317a03a
Today I introduced a bill with Sen. Pat Toomey to mitigate the impact of sequestration cuts by giving flexibility to the Office of Management and Budget for how the cuts are implemented. This bill allows the President to listen to the advice of his military leadership and, in a manner consistent with the FY’13 National Defense Authorization Act, offset some of the devastating impacts of sequestration with modest reductions to lower priority programs. It will also ease the necessity and duration of furloughs and help prevent millions of taxpayer dollars from being wasted over contract terminations costs. This bill is not the substitute for fixing sequestration and putting a stop on further defense cuts. However, until that solution is found, this bill would make a potentially devastating situation a little more manageable.   More on my bill here: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=21d5911e-d7e3-46fd-53b3-f2123e1a084c&Region_id=&Issue_id=
As Congress contemplates new restrictions on the Second Amendment, we must not fall into the trap of hastily adopting proposals that offer no additional safety. I hope that you will take a moment to read my opinion piece in the Oklahoman.   http://newsok.com/inhofe-enforcing-current-laws-is-crucial-in-gun-debate/article/3759329
Glad to join with Sen. Casey to introduce a bill to prevent bullying and harassment in schools.   Bullying affects an estimated one out of every three students in America ages 12-18 years, and can have a significant impact on school engagement and academic achievement.
Under our Constitution, responsibility to authorize and spend money is Congress’s job, not the president’s. The American people expect Congress to do its job and get our budget under control.  I introduced legislation months ago that would have replaced the sequester, as well as a balanced budget proposal.  They both contained tough choices and specific spending priorities.  Unfortunately, Washington isn’t willing to listen to the American people.  I appreciate the work my colleagues have done to address a bad situation, but I cannot support ceding our authority to the president on the one hand or postponing the cuts and raising taxes on the other. The federal government wastes billions of dollars each year.  Congress can and should target, reduce, and eliminate wasteful and redundant programs in order to protect our real spending priorities.
Let's cut improper food stamp payments before we reduce aircraft carrier deployments.
Sen. McConnell will be speaking about the President's sequester on the Senate floor this morning. Watch live on CSPAN2.
Following the New Year’s Eve "fiscal cliff" negotiations, Americans demanded that Washington get serious about spending. Instead, the White House is calling for yet another eleventh hour, closed door meeting tomorrow just like the ones that got us into this mess. Americans are tired of backroom deals that don’t address our spending problem and they are ready for tough decisions. What will it take for Congress and the President to put an end to this crisis-to-crisis mode of governing?
As the snow begins to melt, it’s important to thank National Guard members in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas who were ready for the storm system and provided aid to stranded motorists and affected Americans.
Today I voted to give the administration flexibility in how the $85 billion in sequestration cuts are made.  Here’s why: The Administration has said they do not have the flexibility to make the truly painful cuts, and former Defense Secretary Panetta said last week that he wished there was some discretion built into the process.  So today I voted to give the federal government more judgment when it comes to spending cuts instead of the blunt, indiscriminate instrument of sequestration. We need smart, targeted cuts to begin to responsibly address our nation’s debt.  Countless Alaskan families sit around the table and decide against certain unnecessary expenses.  Since the Pentagon needs to make cuts, is it too much to allow them to prioritize the expenses of combat training over activities like Air Force flyovers at sporting events?  The Administration has been vocal on the threats of the cuts, but disappointingly silent when it comes to allowing for a more common sense amount of flexibility.  This attempt to score empty political points has done nothing but scare Alaskans at home and Americans nationwide.  Sequestration boils down to automatic spending cuts to the tune of $1.2 trillion over ten years.  Smarter, more strategic cuts must be made, but that’s just one piece of the puzzle.  We also need comprehensive pro-growth tax reform, and America must also come to terms with the ballooning automatic federal spending increases and understand reforms are needed to important mandatory programs like Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security to keep them sustainable, as well.  The bill put forth today by the Senate Majority was a short-sighted band-aid approach just to get us through the next 10 months, when we desperately need to focus on a comprehensive approach.
I am heading down to the Senate floor to talk about this week's developments when it comes to getting that life-saving gravel road from King Cove to Cold Bay, and share what the people of King Cove told me during the last two days.  Should be getting my floor time around 12:30pm in Alaska. http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
I am thrilled that the Violence Against Women Act has passed Congress!  This is such an important bill for our nation and state, which is why I have been working so hard to convince my colleagues to support VAWA.  A huge thank you to the folks at AWAIC for their encouragement throughout this process.
Alaska's legacy wells are one of the worst examples of the federal government's 'do as I say, not as I do' mentality. If a private company were responsible for this environmental threat, the government would rightfully throw the book at them. I thank the Alaska State Legislature for inviting me to testify from Washington today about this hypocrisy.
It has been 1,400 days since the Democrat-controlled Senate has passed a budget. We need to get our fiscal house in order and it starts with a budget.
"Our nation has a serious spending problem that must be re-evaluated. Last week I unveiled a plan that would reduce the anticipated layoffs by cutting spending, such as government travel budgets and the rehiring of federal employees. I am encouraged to hear that the White House is adopting these two measures in their assessment of the sequester cuts, but these cuts barely begin to scratch the surface of the problem."  Click below to read my press release in its entirety.  http://paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=720
NA
Senator Rubio Responds To Constituent Letters On School Choice Bill: http://1.usa.gov/YL6VwI
Senator Rubio Hails Passage Of Key Anti-Human Trafficking Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/XdCyzc
Senator Rubio Asks For Review Of Stock Assessments To Protect Fisheries & Fishing Communities In Gulf  “Stock assessments are the foundation of sound fishery management,” said Rubio. “It is vital that, as we work to preserve the waters and resources surrounding Florida and other states, we base our management decisions on sound science.  The report we’ve requested today will shed light on the decision-making process within the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and will help us to determine the best path forward so that we can ensure the economic livelihood of the fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic and the industries that depend on them.”
Sen. Shelby: "“I have heard from many members of the Alabama Gulf Coast community who are growing increasingly concerned with the quality and accuracy of fisheries stock assessments in the Gulf region.  Stock assessments are an essential component of any regional fisheries management plan, and these assessments must reflect an accurate evaluation of the population.  I am pleased to join my Gulf State colleagues in asking GAO to examine the accuracy of this process and look forward to examining its findings.”   READ MORE: http://shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=7108082d-640e-4e06-a749-00a615460316
Sens. Shelby and Landrieu: "The Clean Water Act fine, as it will be distributed by the Restore Act, is transparent and immediate, and is the most efficient way to get funds to the Gulf now so we can get to work on restoration projects"  READ MORE:http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/02/shelby_landrieu_say_bp_fines_s.html#incart_river
NA
NA
Moulton Advertiser: Senators Pay Visits To Area
Sen. Sessions said at his Hackleburg stop that he was impressed with the way the area has seemed to bounce back following the tornado outbreak in April 2011, especially the new Wrangler distribution plant that is near completion. “It is so great to see the plant come back… I really felt, and I know a lot of us felt, that it was important that this plant come back here, psychologically as well as economically.”
While disappointed that the Senate voted down my bill ease the sequester with smarter cuts, I'm thankful to those Democrats who crossed the aisle and voted 'Yes.' We'll keep at it.
If the savings of the sequester go into effect, total spending of the government in 2013 will still be greater than spending was in 2012. Let's look for waste, inefficiencies and redundancies where we can trim a little. That's what any competent business manager would do. That's what families would do. This bill enables us to make the cuts with the least disruption.
What to cut in the sequester: $50,000 for a Cowboy Poetry Festival. $5M for sports diplomacy. $1M to taste test food on Mars. Think we can manage?
I'll be speaking on the Senate floor on the sequester and my plan to allow for smarter cuts at about 12:15. Tune in here:
