This week Senator Ayotte met with Deputy Secretary of Defense Christine Fox- the highest ranking female official in history to serve at the Department of Defense.
Enough stalling. More American energy means more American jobs – and the Keystone XL Pipeline would create tens of thousands of American jobs at no cost to taxpayers. President Obama needs to use his pen to approve this shovel-ready project now.
Instead of accelerating the approval process, President Obama has been reviewing the Keystone pipeline permit for almost as long as he has been in office. He is literally trying to study the project to death. Despite the President’s unwillingness to help, progress is being made. Read how the project took a big step forward today in the blog post below.
Recognizing National School Choice Week. Education decisions need to be made by parents, teachers, and community leaders at the state and local level—not Washington.
"Our veterans shouldn’t be the ones bearing the burden for irresponsible spending. We need to cut spending and put our country on the path to fiscal responsibility, but it should not come at the expense of our nation’s military retirees." 
Following the State Department’s fifth environmental review of the Keystone XL pipeline, there is absolutely no reason for President Obama to slow-walk this project any longer.  The State Department report released today reaffirms prior studies that concluded the Keystone XL pipeline does not present any significant environmental risks. The president should accept these findings and authorize the final leg of the Keystone project so Americans can benefit from the pipeline’s job opportunities and increased access to energy.  The $5.3 billion, privately-funded Keystone XL pipeline is the largest, ready-to-build infrastructure project in the United States. The complete route of the pipeline will run from Alberta, Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast. The pipeline would transport an additional 830,000 barrels of oil per day to U.S. refineries, which includes 100,000 barrels a day from the Bakken region of North Dakota and Montana.
It is unconstitutional for the federal government to require faith-based institutions and businesses to betray the fundamental tenets of their beliefs. I joined my colleagues in sending an amicus brief on behalf of Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood Specialties. The administration’s rule disregards the freedom of religion – a core American principle guaranteed by the First Amendment.
Army Chief Warrant Officer Tyler Wright, a Boise native, will be part of the pregame flyover at Super Bowl 48 on Sunday.  What a special moment for Tyler—I  know all of Idaho will  be cheering him on. 
Cold, but beautiful day here in Washington, D.C. #idpol
Senator Collins had a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of Mr. Gedeon Corriveau of Frenchville.  Mr. Corriveau is a charter member of the Frenchville Fire Department and served 66 years in the department. The department dedicated a truck in his name and changed its number to... #66!  Congratulations Gedeon!  (Mr. Corriveau (r) is seen here with Phil Bosse, who runs Senator Collins' constituent service center in Caribou.)
Cornyn: After Latest Report, It’s Time to Approve Keystone
NA
Had the privilege to speak at the Texas Veterans of Foreign Wars Mid-Winter Annual Conference this morning on the need to ensure our veterans are receiving the highest-quality benefits and services.
WSJ: "It would be a sad irony indeed if the signature legislative accomplishment of an Administration committed to reducing income inequality cut living standards for middle-income and low-wage workers."
"Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest." -- Mark Twain [Samuel Langhorne Clemens] (1835-1910)
With the State Department report today, President Obama should approve the Keystone XL pipeline construction and the thousands of good paying jobs that will come with it.
Secretary Sebelius’ visit to Dallas won’t do anything to make up for the fact that millions of Texans and Americans are hurting as a result of Obamacare. Premiums are rising, millions are losing their health insurance and their doctors, small businesses are reluctant to hire, and workers’ hours are being cut.   To help the American people, we need a full repeal of Obamacare — not another sales pitch.
"We will never forget them, nor the last time we saw them ... as they prepared for their journey and waved goodbye and 'slipped the surly bonds of earth' to 'touch the face of God.'"  President Reagan spoke those words hours after the Challenger disaster just over 28 years ago. They ring just as true today as NASA marks a 'Day of Remembrance' for all our fallen astronauts from the Apollo 1 fire, the Challenger explosion, and the Columbia disaster. As we pay tribute today to those American heroes who paid the ultimate price while serving our nation, I commend President Reagan's timeless address to you:
Telling: Obamacare's unpopularity is on the rise with the very Americans it was supposed to help -- the uninsured. #FullRepeal
Amnesty is wrong in any circumstance.
The U.S. State Department came out with a report today that said the Keystone XL Pipeline would have minimal impact on the environment. The pipeline has been under review since 2008. It’s a shame that the president’s indecisiveness stands in the way of supporting more jobs and strengthening our relationship with Canada. According to the New York Times, nine government agencies will weigh in on the pipeline by the time a decision is actually made. Jobs are in our national interest. That should be obvious even to this Administration. The president should use that pen he’s so fond of to approve this pipeline.
The EPA expanding the Wind River Indian Reservation’s boundaries was a blatant overreach by the EPA (0:34). The federal government stealing money that doesn’t belong to it, including PILT funding, will be an ongoing fight for states (2:33). These were just some of the comments I made in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
Next week, my staff will be holding local office hours in Minden, Franklin, Alma, Holdrege, Albion, Humphrey, Howells, Plattsmouth, and Nebraska City. These hours offer a more convenient opportunity to meet with my staff in person about requests and concerns my office can assist with. Check here for details.
Herb was one of the most likable and earnest members of the South Carolina State Legislature.  He was a fine man and dedicated public servant.    It was a privilege to know and serve with him. 
This week negotiations on the farm and nutrition bill came to a close.  After two years, the House of Representatives passed the bill on Wednesday by a vote of 251 to 166.  In a weekly video address, Senator Grassley explains why he will vote against it when the bill comes up for a vote in the Senate.   
The U.S. State Department’s final EIS released today is a step forward in that it poses no reason for President Obama to deny approval of the Keystone XL pipeline project. Although not explicit, this finding is consistent with four previous findings that affirm the need to begin construction without delay. 
Had a good meeting with ag groups in Fargo this morning. We're discussing progress this week to pass a long-term farm bill that provides our farmers and ranchers with the tools they need to run their operations.   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-holds-roundtable-with-north-dakota-ag-groups-to-discuss-farm-bill-progress
Yesterday I questioned Continental Resources CEO Harold Hamm during a Senate Energy Committee hearing on the best ways for the federal government to help industry produce the energy necessary for our nation to become energy independent.  Watch video of our conversation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxmVTSB7-I0&feature=youtu.be  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-hamm-talk-energy-independence-crude-transportation-safety-energy-infrastructure
President Obama and his Administration no longer have a valid reason to stall the final stages of the Keystone pipeline, but they will continue to do so to appease their environmental base that will likely be upset with this report. This is one thing the President can do today with his pen that will create thousands of well-paying jobs and help us take another step towards energy independence. Building the Keystone pipeline is in the best interest of the United States not only economically but also for the sake of our national security. http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304428004579354500301464382
Yesterday the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee held a hearing to discuss nuclear safety and the regulatory impacts the Fukushima accident had on the US nuclear industry. You can read my opening statement here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-opening-statement-at-epw-full-subcommittee-oversight-hearing-on-nuclear-safety
The President failed to mentioned the Keystone pipeline during the State of the Union address because his environmental base is keeping him anchored to the losing side of the argument. The President continues to sidestep approving the pipeline application at the cost of much-needed economic activity and hundreds of jobs. Please take a moment to read more about his failure to approve the pipeline and its impacts by clicking here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jan/30/okla-reacts-to-no-mention-of-keystone-project/
Tell President Obama to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline now!
These office hours will allow constituents to meet with the senator’s staff to receive information on resources available to assist with propane shortages in Wisconsin.
During Utah's legislative session, you can visit my mobile office in the Utah State Capitol every weekday from 10:00 a.m. - 2:00p.m. #utleg #utpol
Today, Sharon and I are praying for Deputy Greg Sherwood and the family of Sgt. Cory Wride are in our thoughts and prayers.  Deputy Sherwood and Sgt. Wride courageously defended our communities and are heroes to us all.
Click the link below to read Senator McConnell's op-ed from Bloomberg. 
Today's release of the Final Environmental Impact Statement of the Keystone XL Pipeline should bring us one step closer to moving this job-creating, domestic energy-producing project forward. Despite the Administration’s continued reluctance to approve this necessary project, the overwhelming majority Americans agree that we should proceed immediately. After five years of delay by the White House, President Obama is out of excuses. His decision should not be about special interests, it should be about the energy security of our country and job creation. 
This morning, the Veterans Health Administration’s (VHA) announced that today it will halt emergency room services at the Colmery-O’Neil VA Medical Center until the current physician shortage is remedied by the Department of Veterans’ Affairs (VA). Veterans who have served our nation with duty and honor deserve access to quality health care when they need it. Because Kansas is a rural state, many of our veterans are already forced to travel long distances to visit a VA hospital. Now, Topeka veterans are losing access to the emergency care services they could need at any moment. This is outrageous. It is far past time for Secretary Shinseki and the VA to do their job. I have asked time and again about their failure to address the tremendous shortage of VA physicians, nurse practitioners and physician assistants. It is causing a new VA backlog – a backlog of our nation’s heroes who are not receiving the health care they need. The news today reaffirms my commitment to making certain the VA provides answers and takes action.
Russia just unveiled its new state-of-the-art icebreaker earlier this month.  It’s an impressive craft, but also a reminder that America needs to really step up in the Arctic.  I’m worried that with non-Arctic nations like India and China investing in icebreakers, America is falling further behind with all the new possibilities opening up in the north.
One of the distinct honors I enjoy every year is to nominate promising and enthusiastic young Alaskans to our service academies.  Today I announced my nominees, and I know all of Alaska wishes them luck!
Eye opening  must-read: "Dear America, I Saw You Naked And yes, we were laughing. Confessions of an ex-TSA agent."  Read more: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/01/tsa-screener-confession-102912.html#ixzz2rzJCbkqG
Great to have the support of Americans for Prosperity for my legislation to keep the federal government out of local education decisions.   “AFP Kansas applauds Senator Roberts for introducing legislation that asserts our belief that education is best administered at the state and local level—not by bureaucrats in Washington. Like most other federal mandates the Common Core takes control away from local educators and leads to higher school costs. AFP supports increasing educational freedom and economic opportunity by increasing school choice." - Jeff Glendening, State Director - Americans for Prosperity - Kansas  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6b189f99-cd40-4f5f-bc69-01d1eec3ac95
Senator Majority Leader Harry Reid only supports free speech when he agrees with the speech. His continuous attacks on the Koch Family are unfair and unfounded.   I applaud Koch Industries, a great Kansas company, for standing up for what's right by announcing that "Charles Koch and David Koch will continue to exercise their First Amendment rights to advocate for their fundamental beliefs in individual liberty, limited government, and the promotion of policies that help people improve their lives."  I support them all the way.  http://www.politico.com/story/2014/01/koch-brothers-harry-reid-102914.html?hp=f2
Senator Rubio Calls On Administration To Address Provocative Chinese Behavior: http://1.usa.gov/1lpSewD  ...  “These harassment and interference actions are unacceptable, dangerous, and we should be making every effort to ensure that Chinese officials put an end to them.” Rubio wrote. “Furthermore, I am concerned that if China feels free to violate these international conventions, other nations will question Chinese assurances to respect other, still undefined agreements that could affect Chinese maritime operations in the South or East China seas.   “The United States and the vast majority of Asia Pacific nations believe that regional stability is fundamental to ensure a peaceful and prosperous future for our peoples,” Rubio added. “Therefore, I urge the administration to raise this issue at the highest levels of the Chinese government and to make clear that such actions are unacceptable and will have implications for the U.S. relationship with China and our security posture in the Western Pacific.”   ...
NA
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' statement today:  "The White House and Senate Democrats have embraced a plan that not only allows illegal immigration to continue indefinitely, but proposes to double the flow of new legal immigrant workers and triple the number of mostly lesser-skilled immigrants who will be given green cards. Unfortunately, it seems several House leaders are contemplating a similar approach. We need to move Americans off of welfare and into good-paying jobs—not replace them with lower-wage workers from abroad. Gene Sperling has said there are three jobseekers for every one job opening.  Has anyone asked the American people whether they want these large increases to current record immigration levels now being proposed?  Lawmakers must decide who they represent: immigration activists and powerful interests, or millions of struggling and unemployed Americans. Republicans have an opportunity to stand alone as the one party dutifully representing the legitimate interests of the American worker. They should seize it. They should boldly and unapologetically articulate policies that end the lawlessness and advance the national interest.”
Sen. Sessions responded this evening to the House GOP leaders' "immigration principles" by making the following comments:  "Once again, we have the same recycled talking points—crafted, it would appear, with the help of the same consultants and special interests. Each time, the talking points are followed by legislation that fails to match the promises—legislation that, at bottom, ensures only the amnesty and not the enforcement. The leadership talking points look like an attempted repackaging of the tired Gang-of-Eight-style formula that has been proposed, rejected, and re-proposed for years. It is no surprise then that Senator Schumer and former Speaker Pelosi are so encouraged by these developments. But while Democrat leaders and interest groups appear satisfied, this document was not voted upon by the GOP conference and clearly does not represent the consensus of Republican members. Is it not time we pushed aside the stale proposals stitched together in concert with the same lobbyists, and asked what is in the best interests of the hardworking American citizen—and the nation?  In three fundamental respects, the House leaders’ emerging immigration proposal appears to resemble the Senate plan: it provides the initial grant of amnesty before enforcement; it would surge the already unprecedented level of legal lesser-skilled immigration to the U.S. that is reducing wages and increasing unemployment; and it would offer eventual citizenship to a large number of illegal immigrants and visa overstays.  Rank-and-file House Republicans are the last line of defense for working Americans. Now is the time for rank-and-file House Republicans to claim the leadership mantle and to say, firmly: our goal is to transition millions of struggling Americans from welfare and joblessness to work and rising wages. The President has not only dismantled enforcement but has delivered for a small group of special interests and CEOs by forcing through the Senate legislation that drastically surges the future flow of new immigrant workers competing against unemployed Americans. There is a reason why these increases are never mentioned in the slick TV ads and radio spots: the American people reject them. Americans earning under $30,000 prefer a reduction to an increase in current record immigration levels by a 3-1 margin. Republicans have the chance to be the one party giving voice to the real-world concerns of the everyday worker whose wages have been flat or falling for more than 10 years.  House leaders should support—not ignore—the immigration officers pleading for help. They should stand with—not against—unemployed American workers. And they should expose—not join—the President’s campaign to pass an immigration plan that will hollow out our shrinking middle class."
I'll be on Meet the Press this Sunday morning, check your local listings here!  http://www.nbcnews.com/id/3080248#.UuvTH3ddUb4
Please share if you agree that schools should perform background checks on all new and existing employees and not "pass the trash."  And click on this WGAL story for more info. http://www.wgal.com/news/susquehanna-valley/state/lawmakers-state-officials-take-aim-at-child-predators/-/9758860/24221468/-/dwcf6m/-/index.html
Happy Friday Pennsylvania! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/ta2VV. Thanks for reading!
Jason Kelce out in the first round?  Mom from Nebraska shatters the Wing Bowl record book. Good times!  http://www.philly.com/philly/sports/wingbowl/Wing_Bowl_22_under_way_eating_.html
Thanks to Attorney General Kathleen Kane, State Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams & DA Ed Marsico for working with me to better protect children from sexual and violent predators.
Obama should approve the Keystone XL pipeline without delay.
I'm still fighting for America's real heroes. 
