Getting to know some terrific NH students who will be serving as interns in Senator Ayotte's office this summer.
NA
Talked with veterans visiting the WWII Memorial in Washington, D.C.
After much hard work, I am pleased to announce a bipartisan compromise on #StudentLoans that will provide a permanent, market-based solution to addressing our nation’s student loan problem.   To read more about it, click below.
NA
In a letter sent today, members of the Arkansas and Missouri Congressional delegations asked Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to answer a series of questions concerning the Administration’s designation of the White River as a National Blueway. Read the full release and the letter by following the link.
NA
NA
NA
http://www.eaglecountryonline.com/news.php?nID=5839
NA
Shackling a pregnant detainee is an unnecessary and outdated law enforcement practice that is strongly opposed by the medical and criminal justice communities, yet it is still legal in 32 states across the country.  Senator Patty Murray (D-Washington) and I are working to place a federal ban on the practice of shackling pregnant detainees who are in immigration detention to their hospital beds during childbirth.  The United States is a nation of laws, but also a nation of compassion, which is why this practice must end.
News Release: I am continuing my efforts to improve S.744, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act, commonly referred to as the “Immigration Reform bill” currently being debated on the Senate floor. As part of this reform, we must clarify when E-Verify photographs can and cannot be used. This amendment is in response to concerns that the federal mandate to implement E-Verify would result in a national, searchable database of vital biographic information and photographs of every American, similar to a national ID system. Americans have continually expressed opposition to a national ID system, and I will work to make sure the Department of Homeland Security is not added to the list of agencies collecting and misusing private information.
The Palmer family, from Meridian, ID, stopped by the office. It was great to take a minute out of a busy day to visit with them. #idpol
PHOTO: Proud to carry on a tradition & present @SenTedCruz w/collection of photos of past TX senators who held his seat:
VIDEO: Cornyn Addresses De Facto Earmarks in Immigration Bill:
SAEN: Brady, Cornyn Try to Kill the Death Tax:
Today the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment to the Senate immigration bill passed overwhelmingly in a 69-29 vote.  The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb de facto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits.  Senator Corker said, “Today we saw a strong vote on the toughest border amendment to ever pass the Senate.  Passing this amendment gets us one step closer to securing our border in a dramatic way and to solving the immigration problem that we have struggled with for decades.”  Read highlights of the Hoeven-Corker amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/132d2SG
In Case You Missed It: This morning, the Washington Post’s Glenn Kessler writes, “Sessions and his colleagues protest too much when they say no one has had a chance to read a 1,200-page bill. Given that they had a role in ensuing that the Corker-Hoeven amendment was folded into the overall bill, their complaints of a rushed bill are overblown. Comprehensive legislation, by its nature, is complex, with unpredictable outcomes. But virtually all of the bill — and the amendments — has been available to read for weeks.” Read the complete article here: http://wapo.st/1clzTqz. And for additional clarification of some common mischaracterizations of the Hoeven-Corker border surge amendment, review a Myth vs. Fact document here: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3.
Saying a prayer of support for those fighting for the unborn tonight in the Texas Senate.
Instead of giving a speech in Washington, President Obama should visit Wyoming and talk with energy workers out in the field. He’ll leave with more insight into how his policies are affecting the country than he ever could back in D.C. The plan he announced today won’t lower energy prices, generate jobs, or get our economy back on track. It does, however, amount to a national energy tax that the country simply can’t afford. When the price of energy goes up, it’s the consumer that pays.
ICYMI: Yesterday, I delivered remarks on the Senate floor outlining in detail my concerns with the immigration reform bill. This includes shortfalls with the Gang of 8’s bill, the limited opportunity for senators to amend it, and problems with the so-called Schumer-Corker-Hoeven border surge. I provided specific examples of how this border security measure was weaker than the plans offered in 2006 and 2007 – and weaker than the amendment I offered, which has not received a vote.   Did you know that in 2006 and 2007, a biometric entry/exit system at all points of entry – air, land, and sea – was a key border security provision? In the Schumer-Corker-Hoeven amendment, a weaker electronic screening system will be installed only at air and seaports, not land points of entry. Watch my speech to learn more:
I believe in the traditional definition of marriage. South Carolinians have repeatedly said that is the definition they support as well.    I have been a strong supporter of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA).  I voted for it as a member of the House of Representatives, and as a Senator wrote a brief to the Supreme Court to uphold this important law.  I was disappointed with today’s outcome, but respect the Court’s decision.  One key point, today’s Supreme Court ruling will not change South Carolina law and I will continue to fight for and defend the traditional definition of marriage.
Mr. President, what are you thinking?    Even if we don’t build Keystone XL the Canadians have made it clear they will sell oil from the oil sands.  Some of the highest greenhouse gas emitting countries in the world, like China, are already lining up to purchase this oil if we don’t.     If the Obama Administration rejects Keystone XL it will be one of the most short-sighted decisions in memory.  The choice is simple – build the pipeline, create jobs in the United States, and lessen our dependence on oil from the Middle East.  I would much rather buy oil from our Canadian allies and friends than rely on oil imports from Russia, Venezuela, or Middle Eastern regimes who hate our guts.   I was one of the first members of the United States Senate to visit the Canadian oil sands to see first-hand how this resource could benefit our country.  I know from my own experience, and in spite of all the heated rhetoric, issues like Keystone XL really don’t get much simpler to resolve.   We need oil and Canada has the means to deliver it to us.  There’s nothing more common-sense than expanding our long-standing, mutually beneficial relationship with Canada.
Grassley: March IRS Letter Exposes IRS’ Dubious Claim About Bonus Payments to Union Employees
“We are again excited and grateful to welcome some of North Dakota’s best and brightest young men and women to work as interns in my Washington, D.C. and state offices. These interns represent North Dakota’s future leaders, and we hope their congressional internship will cultivate their knowledge and skills as they gain an invaluable firsthand look at the legislative process, learn about the issues facing our nation and have the chance to serve the people of North Dakota.”
The Bulk of U.S. #sugar loans going to only three companies is a waste of taxpayer money. #Sugarreform
The #GreatLakes economy supports over 1.5 million jobs, and I am proud to join Senator Levin in introducing this bill to improve the quality of the Great Lakes for future generations. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=793
NA
Look: Republicans are all for developing the fuels and the energies of the future. We just think that it all should come about as part of an all-of-the-above strategy, which is exactly what the White House said it supported too – before the election. But now, with the election over, the truth comes out.’
I welcome today’s Supreme Court decision to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act because the federal government should empower households, respect the decisions of states and otherwise get out of the way.  This ruling represents victories for states’ rights and equal treatment under the law. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=5ba7e147-6917-4c8a-908a-60d6daefa3cc
Introduced bill today to strengthen Medicare by keeping seniors healthy. Better Health Rewards info here:
"As a country we can agree to disagree.  As a Republican Party, that’s kind of where we are as well. The party is going to have to agree to disagree on some of these issues."  http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2013/06/rand-paul-on-gay-mmarriage-gop-needs-to-agree-to-disagree/#.UctYGxU0snI.twitter
Congratulations to Miles Wobbleton of Greenville, NC on being my 100,000th follower!  Click the link below to hear my message for all Facebook users.   http://bit.ly/18gzHvu
In case you missed it, here's my appearance on Fox's Hannity last night: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdeIgIMYvi4
Got the chance to meet with some 4-H students from Riley County today as a part of their Citizenship Washington Focus Trip.
Rubio Addresses Conservatives On Immigration Reform: http://1.usa.gov/17COUHO
Senator Rubio Comments On Today’s Supreme Court Rulings
WATCH: PART 2 of Sen. Shelby's floor speech opposing immigration legislation  "This legislation is projected to increase Americans’ difficulty in finding a job, and then reduce their paycheck when they get one.  In my judgment, that’s reason enough to oppose any legislation."  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYKb_iChMho&feature=youtu.be
WATCH: PART 1 of Sen. Shelby's  floor speech opposing immigration legislation  "“The child of Simpson-Mazzoli will become the mother of all amnesties… Compounding the mistakes made a generation ago will ensure that the problem of illegal immigration revisits generations to come on a much grander scale.”    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFnCwuCOd4w&feature=youtu.be
ALERT: Senator Shelby  will be speaking on the Senate floor tonight at 6:30 P.M. EST to voice his opposition to proposed immigration legislation.
Sessions will be returning to the Senate floor MOMENTARILY to discuss the immigration bill. The final Senate vote is tomorrow. You can watch live here:
Sen. Sessions is speaking MOMENTARILY on the Senate floor about the immigration bill, continued revelations about what’s in the 1,200-page substitute proposal, and Majority Leader Reid’s effort to shut down process in order to rush through the bill by the end of the week. You can watch live here:
Falls Park on the Reedy, Greenville. #southcarolina
The President's ill-conceived National Energy Tax released yesterday is certain to do two things: kill jobs and raise energy prices. Instead of creating new #RedTape and expanding the EPA’s already out-of-control regulatory reach, let's move forward with an all-of-the-above approach to energy - utilizing the resources we have while continuing to develop new, more efficient technologies.
Happy to host Dr. Steven Altschuler, CEO of Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, and Carolyn Jackson, CEO of St. Christopher's Hospital for Children, to discuss Medicaid reform for children suffering from complex health issues. Steve’s 30 years of service at CHOP are a remarkable testament to both his expertise and his commitment to caring for our sickest young people. Carolyn’s enthusiasm and leadership for innovative healthcare solutions are helping St. Christopher’s provide excellent care for children in our state.
I agree with York Daily Record/Sunday News: Congress should act now to expand Gettysburg National Military Park. "The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here..."
One-third of the Union troops at Gettysburg were from Pennsylvania, as were their commander, George Meade, and two of his lieutenants, Gens. Reynolds and Hancock.
I will vote against passage of the immigration bill. Although the Corker-Hoeven amendment has, in my view, improved the enforcement provisions, the legislation is still deeply flawed and if enacted would not fix our broken system.
