Congratulations and good luck to the Wyoming Men's Basketball team who was just ranked 25th in today's USA Today Coaches Poll.
NA
As the national debt continues to rise, each day wasted is a day closer to our country hitting its borrowing limit. Rather than take a break from the Capitol, congressional leaders should immediately call lawmakers back to Washington to begin working now on a long-term deficit reduction plan to address our unsustainable $16.4 trillion debt.
My column in the Indianapolis Star on Sunday
My friend from Michigan and Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Dave Camp, gave the GOP Weekly Address.  Our focus must be on the real problem and dealing with our debt and deficits. We must reduce spending, and reform our entitlement programs and our anti-competitive tax code.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Hagel is 'wrong on a number of the most important national security issues'
Hagel and the draft
More reasons to be concerned about food for fuel
Talking to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC about my opposition to Chuck Hagel's nomination to Secretary of Defense. Tune in if you can.
Chron: Texas Senators Cornyn, Cruz Emerge as High Profile Critics of Chuck Hagel
Appearing in a "CBS This Morning" special report, Sen. Corker said the 80 percent error rate in Medicare's power wheelchair benefit "makes [his] blood boil" and is "taking total advantage of taxpayers" and seniors who have a legitimate medical need for a chair.  In September, Corker held a hearing of the Special Committee on Aging to examine a pilot program in seven states that will require prior authorization before chairs are delivered in order to reduce the rate of faulty claims. Watch the report here: http://bit.ly/UB876t
Quick Poll. The big game is tonight. Who will come out on top?   Will it be the Luck of the Irish or will the Tide Roll?
#99countymeetings MonticelloHS CONSTITUTION class Issues;   Gay marriage Drugs legal Gunrights FiscalCliff Bipartisanship ObamaCare SenReid
Trillion$ deficits continue w/no Plan 4 spending Reforms. Need leadership&work from President/Senate sooner not later Don't delay til March.
It has been an honor to work with Frank Fahrenkopf and to get to know him well over the course of many years.  http://1.usa.gov/109EzPQ
On an Asia Pacific Congressional Delegation tour of military capabilities and new strategic initiatives.  Here are my thoughts on Obama's nominations of former Senator Chuck Hagel and John Brennan to head the DOD and CIA respectively.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=16280f35-f632-d466-c33b-add5aef8e149
Interested in receiving email updates from my office? Sign up for my newsletter here: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=newsletter&type=nlQuick "
NA
"The United States continues to face significant national security challenges and it is critical to have strong leadership at the Pentagon that can respond to our evolving and emerging threats.  The nomination of Senator Hagel presents an opportunity to discuss not only his qualifications for the position and his approach to defending the United States and her allies, but also the specific ways in which he would seek to strengthen, modernize, and reform our national defense. I look forward to hearing Senator Hagel’s answers to questions involving these important issues."
Looking forward to the Soybean Expo in Topeka this week.
Click to see the latest chart from Sen. Sessions and the Senate Budget Committee regarding the total amount spent each year on food stamps and other food assistance programs.
Sessions will be appearing on the Matt Murphy radio show momentarily.
Great speaking at the Columbia Rotary this afternoon. Looking forward to visiting all 46 counties across our state!
Two of my senate colleagues celebrate birthdays today: Sens. Rand Paul and John Thune. Happy birthday guys. It's a pleasure to serve with you.
Sen. Hagel's nomination for Defense Secretary is very concerning to me. His opposition to sanctions against Iran suggests he does not fully understand the risks facing us in the Middle East.
Tune in to KQV Pittsburgh at 10:32 to hear PJ Maloney & I discuss the 911th Airlift Wing, Sen. Chuck Hagel's nomination for Defense Secretary and the debt limit.
