This morning, I delivered the GOP's Weekly Address on how Americans will have real sticker shock when the Obamacare exchanges go into effect.
NA
NA
How much will Obamacare raise your health insurance premiums? Find out below.  It isn't too late to stop it. #DefundObamacare
I enjoyed a delicious lunch today in Hutchinson at the Anchor Inn. It was great to visit with Greg Flores and his son Antonio who is a freshman at Trinity Catholic High School.
Access to quality, affordable housing for seniors is vital to communities across our state because it determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home. Today, I was proud to participate in the grand opening ceremony for Riverview Senior Residences, a 36-unit senior housing development that provides increased affordable housing options for senior residents in the South Hutchinson community. It is the first project in South Hutchinson to receive Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and the first multi-unit residential development in a decade.  I was glad to have the opportunity to take part in this initial groundbreaking for the complex last October (top photo), and it was great to see the whole team again today at the grand opening (bottom photo). Thanks to South Hutchinson Mayor Dave Pitman, the South Hutchinson City Council, Builders Development Corporation Executive Director Michael Snodgrass, Kelley Hrabe and Rudy Manes with Prairie Fire Development Group, and Fred Bentley and Dennis Mesa of the Kansas Housing Resources Corporation.
I encourage you to tune in or listen live to WIBW radio now to hear Senator Roberts and me speak with the Kansas Ag Network's Kelly Lenz.   www.wibwnewsnow.com
This morning at the Kansas State Fair, I joined Governor Brownback, Senator Roberts and Congressman Huelskamp – along with agriculture leaders from across the state – at the annual Ag Leaders Briefing. With the continued drought and the uncertainty surrounding the Farm Bill I appreciated talking with producers and getting a good dose of Kansas common sense before I head back to Washington this week. It’s vital that we make certain agriculture  is profitable and sustainable to allow future generations of farmers and ranchers to continue this tradition in Kansas. Thanks to President Steve Baccus and the Kansas Farm Bureau for hosting this long-running event.
I hope you'll join me in celebrating a century of the Kansas State Fair in Hutchinson, which runs through Sept. 15. Members of my staff will be available throughout the 10-day event in the Pride of Kansas Building to provide information, listen to feedback and answer questions.
Tonight, we attended the 12th Annual Treads & Threads gala benefiting patients at the University of Kansas Cancer Center. Since 2002, Treads & Threads has raised nearly $6.4 million to improve and advance cancer patient care. Proceeds from this year’s event held at the Kansas Speedway will support personalized care for KUCC patients – a tailored cancer treatment plan for patients based upon their unique genetic identity and the genetic identity of their cancer. A great night for a great cause. Now I'm getting on the road and heading for Hutchinson for the State Fair tomorrow. Hope to see you there.
It was an honor to see Robba inducted into the Hall of Fame at Van Horn High School in Kansas City. She was recognized for her efforts in teaching, music and education. I also esteem my wife for her role as wife and mother. Thank you and congratulations.
It is no secret that I am passionate about the Arctic, but I have to say there is nothing like getting a briefing on the latest science and research on a tundra hillside.  The Toolik Research Station is an amazing place!
Tomorrow I will be joining Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday.  Be sure to tune in!
Always a treat to meet a fellow Marine while working my booth at the @KansasStateFair
Great to see my friends from the American Legion at the #KansasStateFair today. Folks are very concerned about the IRS scandal and jumping into Syria without a plan. I assured them I am voting no on the Syrian resolution.
Governor Brownback (@govsambrownback) Senator Moran (@senjerrymoran) and I getting ready for our live radio hour with WIBW 580am and the Kansas Ag Network. Tune in to check it out!
@KSFarmBureau breakfast is the first stop at the @KansasStateFair today. Dutifully wearing my wildcat purple this Saturday.
NA
