Rachel from Columbia wants the government out of her health care decisions and states, “Don’t tell us what we should be doing, we can take care of ourselves.” Share this post if you agree with Rachel.
If President Obama is granting ObamaCare waivers for U.S. employers, why won’t he do the same for American families? Doris from Lexington calls for a delay of ObamaCare for all Americans.
There has been a great deal of misinformation surrounding the vote to invoke cloture during the debate over the first House-passed continuing resolution. In an effort to clear up the confusion Senator Boozman penned a personal letter to his constituents. Read it here: http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve?File_id=a54ebee4-8f58-40d9-9e69-a1497382832d
NA
NA
Hoosiers - this issue is very important to our state.
We commend the Capitol Police for their hard work and quick reaction yesterday, and every day, to protect the Capitol Hill community! #idpol
James Baker III notes there have been 17 shutdowns since 1976
WSJ: (POTUS must disavow) a senior administration official: "We are winning...It doesn't really matter to us" how long the shutdown lasts "because what matters is the end result."
WSJ: a divided Congress that passed the 2011 debt-limit increase included the Budget Control Act which aimed to reduce the deficit by $2.4 trillion over 10 years and included the automatic budget sequester that kicked in on Jan. 1.
WSJ: 28% say "the debt ceiling should be raised when necessary, with no conditions."
WSJ: 6 out of 10 Americans say "it is right to require spending cuts when the debt ceiling is raised, even if it risks default," according to a Sept. 26 Bloomberg poll.
POTUS: on CR, will not negotiate; on debt ceiling, will not negotiate.  Maybe he should go to Asia.  Not contributing to solutions here.
Wash Times: Senate Dems Block Reopening of NIH, National Parks:
Cornyn: "The House has offered numerous proposals only to be given the Heisman:"
POTUS cancels trip: will he engage or continue to refuse to negotiate/lead?
If my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle simply stoop up right now and withdrew their objection, by the end of the day the VA would receive its funding #HarryReidsShutDown
We've got Republicans and Democrats in the House agreeing we should fund the VA. We have Republicans in the Senate and a Democratic President of the United States agreeing we should fund the VA. And sadly, we have Democrats in the Senate, a Majority Leader in the Senate, objecting to the VA being funded. #HarryReidsShutdown
I was honored to greet World War II and Korean War Veterans from the Quad Cities at the WWII Memorial yesterday.
As was warned and expected, the rollout of #Obamacare has revealed many of the core promises that were made to sell Obamacare are turning out to be false.  Many Americans are now learning that they don't get to keep their previous healthcare plans.  Many are finding increases in premiums for decreased benefits.  They are being forced to buy coverage they don't need.  Meanwhile, Democrats are becoming the "Obamacare Party."  It is the only thing that matters to them.  They are willing to deny benefits to veterans, keep national parks closed, and stall cancer research unless Obamacare is fully implemented.  If you are finding that Obamacare isn't living up to its promises you can let me know by visiting: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
President Obama and Democrats in the Senate won't even consider passing bills to fund veterans benefits, cancer research and our national parks unless #Obamacare is fully implemented.  The president has issued veto threats on funding for the things he asked Congress to fund because the bills don't include Obamacare:
Click the link below to read the op-ed that Senator Mitch McConnell and Senator Rand Paul wrote for the Cincinnati Enquirer regarding Obamacare. Please share with your friends. Thanks.
"Who would have thought that World War II veterans would have to storm the barricades to see their own memorial when they came up here on an honor flight?" the five-term Kentucky Republican asked in an exclusive Newsmax interview. "This is an absurd effort to try to make it look like the shutdown was designed to adversely impact everybody."
Today, Senator Manchin and I were joined by forty-eight Senate colleagues in writing a bipartisan letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel urging that the National Guard and Reserves, as well as the civilians who support our soldiers and airmen, receive pay during the government shutdown. Congress made it clear with the passage of the “Pay Our Military Act” that the financial well-being and readiness of those serving our country must not suffer due to gridlock on Capitol Hill. We have given the Department of Defense the authority and latitude to maintain pay and benefits for all service members and the civilians who support them. While dysfunction continues in Washington, I was pleased that a total of fifty Senators could put their misgivings aside, quickly come together in a bipartisan manner, and join me in making our position clear to the Department of Defense. All members of the Armed Services deserve fair and equitable treatment under the law.
I call upon the White House to stop the political posturing and come to the table so we can find common ground, end this government shutdown, and negotiate something sensible on the debt limit.
While the government is shutdown, I’m donating to two causes close to my heart. I’ve been involved with wounded warriors for many years, including kayaking with Team River Runner. I also support Ride to Recovery, another great group that supports wounded warriors. The Wounded Warrior Project is a great organization dedicated to helping our brave injured veterans. Another issue I’ve been working on in the U.S. Senate is to end the horrible practice of human trafficking. I founded the Senate Caucus to End Human Trafficking along with Senator Blumenthal (D-Conn.), and have passed the End Trafficking in Government Contracting Act and introduced the Child Sex Trafficking Data and Response Act of 2013. I’m proud to support central Ohio through the Salvation Army’s efforts toward the cause.  Learn more about where I am giving my salary during the shutdown here:
"Scheduled maintenance," or are the exchanges just not working.....
NA
NA
NA
