As we continue to witness disturbing violence against religious minorities around the world, I’m pleased the Senate passed my bipartisan bill to show the U.S. takes religious freedom very seriously. I hope the House will pass this updated bill quickly and the president will appoint a special envoy to promote religious freedom and call attention to all persecuted religious communities in the Middle East. 
Several months ago I introduced the Russian Weapons Embargo Act of 2014, bipartisan legislation that would end the use of American tax dollars to enter into contracts with Rosoboronexport – Russia's sole state agency for export of Russian weapons systems. The United States must not do business with an agency that has instigated violence in eastern Ukraine and is the chief arms supplier to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who has murdered over one hundred thousand civilians.
Senator Collins will be at the Moxie Festival in Lisbon tomorrow!  Maine's got Moxie!
NA
Absolutely devastating news about the fire at Helen's Restaurant of Machias.  Sen. Collins always stopped for lunch (and pie!) when in town.  Our thoughts are with Dave and Julie and their wonderful employees as they recover from this tragedy.  
Always great to visit a true Texas treasure — the Spoetzl Brewery. Creating jobs and Shiner Bock for Texas!
Pleasure speaking with Victoria area business leaders about promoting policies that encourage more jobs, growth, and opportunity for all Americans!
#DontRepeal1A because Congress shouldn’t have the power to ban political satire like this from SNL:
40 years ago Congress passed a law to make it easier to spend. We need a law that makes it harder, like Rep. Tom Price suggests.
Remember when President Obama repeatedly promised to reduce health care premiums?   More hikes are coming. #FullRepealNow
NA
The Department of Defense has decided to stop helping states fight forest fires because the old vehicles they donate don’t meet EPA air quality standards. EPA air standards are preventing resources being used to fight air-polluting forest fires. I’ve joined some of my Senate colleagues in asking the Department of Defense to make a common sense course correction
I sent this letter with South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley and Senator Tim Scott in support of reauthorization of the Export-Import (Ex-Im) Bank.    As the official export credit agency of the United States, Ex-Im is a vital export finance tool to the businesses in our state – at no cost to American taxpayers.  Ex-Im allows South Carolina businesses to compete globally on a level playing field.  Without Ex-Im our local businesses would be forced into a global market with foreign competitors that receive extensive support from their own export credit programs.  Allowing Ex-Im to expire will deliberately disadvantage American businesses and lead to increased unemployment.
NA
#TBT 1996: Racing in the Outlaw open class at Fuji Park Cc: The Nevada Appeal
“One of the most tangible ways we repay our tremendous debt to our veterans is by providing them with the quality health care they need when they leave the service. To meet this objective, it is imperative that veterans living in more rural parts of North Dakota have good access to health care providers. We have been working hard to improve this access, and the VA grant to North Dakota is an important step in ensuring that our veterans have the transportation needed to receive health care.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/7/hoeven-announces-grant-to-improve-health-care-access-for-north-dakota-veterans
The Constitution assigns Congress with the responsibility to care for our nation’s military and our infrastructure. In August, the Highway Trust Fund will run out of funds to maintain and improve our nation’s roads and bridges. While a bill has been announced in Congress to fix this problem, don’t get too excited because it is not yet paid for. While the core of the bill is good, we must find an offset to pay for it, and I’m working with my colleagues to find that solution. I appreciate Case Construction Equipment for visiting my office to talk about this important issue: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhklpTykdvQ&list=UUdxVToScI3jlA4wp0brNdiA
Are you going to #TasteofChicago2014 this weekend? Share a photo on Instagram w/ #tastychi: http://instagram.com/senatorkirk
"Meanwhile, there is a reasonable argument for the federal government to get out of transportation infrastructure funding altogether. The states actually own and operate the sections of the national highway system within their borders, and states typically have a lot of leeway when deciding how to spend federal tax dollars used to fund highway projects. Conservative Republicans like Utah’s Mike Lee ask, why not just leave the responsibility for funding transportation systems with the states as well?"
It was great to welcome Kansans with the Sunflower Foundation to Washington, D.C., this week to discuss issues related to the health of folks in our state. The Sunflower Foundation works to improve the health of Kansas communities by focusing its resources on promoting healthy living and access to health care.
This morning the Kansas delegation urged the FCC to delay today's vote on E-Rate proposal. The FCC plan falls short of providing all students opportunity to 21st Century education. The E-Rate program – which is meant to close the digital divide – is actually making it worse for rural schools. We need commonsense reforms, including simplifying the application process and providing certainty to schools, which could fix that.
An Alaska-sized congratulations and thank you to Alaska Air National Guardsman Master Sergeant Roger Sparks for receiving the military's 3rd highest honor -- the Silver Star Medal -- for his bravery and valor in Afghanistan.
I'm not normally a Buzzfeed 'listicle' person, but anything that so clearly and enthusiastically proves that Alaska is "pure bliss in the Summertime" gets a thumbs-up from me!  Alaska = The Great Land!
Great to see OSU students and Brutus the Buckeye this afternoon.
In case you missed it: My interview with Fox's Greta Van Susteren on my legislation to reform our broken criminal justice system.   Watch HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os48tcXarjU&feature=youtu.be
Great to visit with the good folks at the Independence Rotary Club today. We had good chat about the transportation bill, the crisis at the border and the IRS scandal.
Bipartisan Maritime Security Resolution For The Asia-Pacific Region Approved By U.S. Senate: http://1.usa.gov/1qrLVHg  “Freedom of navigation in the Asia-Pacific region is what makes trade and peace possible, and this resolution reinforces the Senate’s commitment to this goal,” said Senator Rubio, ranking member of the Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs. “As countries like China attempt to disrupt the region by violating international agreements and making illegitimate territorial claims, it’s a key time for the U.S. government to remind our allies, partners in the region and the entire world that America is fully committed to continued peace and prosperity in Asia.”
Rubio Discusses the Border Crisis on FOX Orlando
Senator Shelby in yesterday's Senate Appropriations Committee hearing to review the President’s emergency supplemental request: "I personally have no confidence that pouring billions of dollars into our current immigration system will solve this crisis."  Read the full statement here: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=1b2113f1-9f48-4206-a051-1de192a934d8
Today, Sen. Sessions offered a comment on the recent New York Times op-ed penned by Mr. Gates, Mr. Adelson, and Mr. Buffett:  “The President cannot be trusted to enforce any immigration law.  We are in the midst of a border disaster—created by the President’s lawlessness—and Mr. Adelson, Mr. Gates, and Mr. Buffett want to implement a massive amnesty bill.  Such a plan would wreak havoc on our nation’s laws and borders, which mean a great deal to the good and decent citizens of this country. It is clear that three of the richest billionaires in the world have no clue what Congress ‘owe[s] to the 318 million who employ them’. We owe them our loyalty, our compassion, our devotion. It is precisely because of our duty to the working people of this country that we must stop legislation that would import tens of millions of lower-wage workers to replace them.”
Sen. Sessions spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about Reid's strong-arm tactic of blocking all Senators from offering amendments:  “The reason the Majority Leader will not allow amendments is because he wants to protect his members from actually being held accountable by the voters of the United States of America… That’s what it’s all about. It’s gone on way too long. It’s demeaning this Senate, and he demeans the loyal opposition who are doing the only thing they have as a tool, which is refuse to move forward with a bill if the Majority Leader is going to use parliamentary maneuvers to block anybody’s amendment…   It’s not a question of time. It’s a question of control [and] domination of the Senate. The Majority Leader is not entitled to do that. He’s just not. It is not going to continue, and this is going to be broken sooner or later.”
My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Bill Drake - the voice of Spartanburg for decades and a great man. We were honored to have him emcee our Korean War veterans ceremony in Spartanburg last year.
Every Wednesday when the Senate is in session, I invite South Carolinians to come to my office in Washington at 11 AM for great conversations and some southern hospitality.  Please contact my office at (202) 224-6121 for more information or to let us know you’ll be joining us!
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://ow.ly/z3Gdh. Thanks for reading & please share!
Happy birthday this weekend to #PA's legendary artist Andrew Wyeth. You can find his beautiful artwork at the Brandywine River Museum in Chadds Ford! #visitPA 
Like many Pennsylvanians, my family and I have seen firsthand just how devastating #Alzheimer’s can be.
