Recently, Senator Alexander laid out Republicans’ step-by-step proposals for taking health care in a different direction. He explained to the president’s nominee to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Mathews Burwell, how these proposals would provide Americans with more choices, more freedom, and lower costs. To read more, click here: http://tiny.cc/d0lmgx.   To keep up with the senator on the ongoing health care debate and other issues facing our nation, sign up for his monthly newsletter here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Newsletter  
Today Senator Ayotte visited Enterprise Center at Plymouth where she learned about the services the center provides to entrepreneurs and business owners throughout central New Hampshire.
Senator Ayotte was in Manchester today for Business NH Magazine's 2014 Business of the Year Awards.  Congratulations to all of this year's honorees!
The Columbia Tribune reported on my visit to the Truman Memorial Veterans’ Hospital this morning. I met with hospital administrators to discuss #mentalhealth treatment for our veterans and the need for mental health illnesses to be treated like other physical illnesses. 
Talked with officials at the Harry S. Truman Memorial Veterans' Hospital about improving the access and quality of #mentalhealth treatment for our veterans.
Had a great meeting w/ #mentalhealth professionals & patients at Preferred Family Healthcare in Kirksville this morning.
The American Legion National Headquarters calls for VA employees involved in cover-ups to be investigated and prosecuted. #VAaccountability  
With the Greater Greenwood Chamber of Commerce
Great visit this morning with the staff at the Amazon Fulfillment Center in Whitestown. This facility is one of many Amazon centers where orders are processed and shipped. The Whitestown facility is one of five Amazon Fulfillment Centers in Indiana and the first to open up in the state.
NA
NA
Cornyn Hosts Veterans’ Roundtable, Calls on Obama to Direct FBI to Investigate: 
Appreciate Secure America Now making this fact-finding mission to hear from Ukrainian leaders possible.
Spoke with the press about the latest on my trip to Israel, Ukraine, Poland, and Estonia and discussed US relations abroad. The complete Q&A session is here.  Hope you'll listen and share!
Last week, Congress and the president came together to honor the World War II “Doolittle Raiders” by bestowing on them one of the nation’s highest honors, the Congressional Gold Medal. Their brave air raid on the Japanese homeland signaled a turning point for the American people during the early stages of the Pacific conflict in World War II. I am proud to have been a part of the effort to award these brave service men for their outstanding act of heroism and valor.
Sage grouse, the army’s future, the fight against repressive regulation and more in the latest Enzi Insider.
Chariton town meeting 26 ppl Topics-GMO labeling, immig, debt, Peace Corps, defense budget, VA, guns, EPA regs, Fast&Furious, Benghazi
NA
Q&A tour w89 ppl East Penn Manufact Corydon Topics-Obamacare,Crimea, VA, CleanWaterAct, guns, WelfareReform, SocialSecurity, immig, pipeline
Q&A w 37 students&teachers Central Decatur HS Topics-student aid, livestock disaster help, debt, Rural Dev, Afghanistan, Term Limits, guns
Q&A tour w 29 ppl at Miller Products Osceola Topics-debt,FEMA, Fast&Furious, FreeTrade,middle class, Obamacare, CorpTaxes, paying fair share
VA IG interim rpt shws widespread probs. Need to learn if delays led to prevntble deaths. When IG done, need hold people accountable
Had a great visit to the Washoe County, Nevada Senior Center yesterday. Thanks for having me and for all the great conversations. Always great to see Commissioners  Vaughn Hartung, David Humke, and Bonnie Weber.
NA
NA
NA
#TBT to June 2012, one of the many opportunities I have had to welcome Oklahoma’s World War II veterans to their memorial in the heart of Washington, D.C. Please take a moment to learn more about Oklahoma Honor Flights and how you can help our heroes visit the national memorials that have been built in their honor.
President Obama addressed the graduating cadets at West Point yesterday, and said that "America must always lead" and called the military the "backbone" of that leadership. Unfortunately, the president's rhetoric doesn't match his actions. Since he took office, President Obama has put into motion $1 trillion dollars in budget cuts to our national security, while increasing domestic spending by 30 percent. Because he is decimating our military, our enemies don't fear us and our allies no longer trust us. We see this with Russia's recent aggression in Eastern Europe and with Al-Qaeda holding its largest public meeting in years in Yemen last month. As the Washington Post summarized the president's foreign policy speech, our allies and our enemies will be more impressed by "a change in U.S. behavior, not the president's rhetoric." http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/president-obama-in-his-west-point-speech-binds-americas-hands-on-foreign-affairs/2014/05/28/f3db48fe-e66d-11e3-a86b-362fd5443d19_story.html
A new report on the Phoenix VA says veterans waited nearly 5x longer for care than officially reported. I am meeting Friday with veterans to learn if Illinois VA hospitals have the same issues.   #ShareYourStory: vets@kirk.senate.gov
Last night, I hosted a dinner to honor high school graduates that I personally nominated to attend U.S. military academies.  These students go through a very rigorous interview process, they have impeccable grades, outstanding test scores, and they've also demonstrated an aptitude for leadership and high performance in every aspect of their lives.  I expect great things from this bright young group of students, and I am grateful that they are choosing to apply their talents in the service of our country.  Of the seven high school graduates from all over the state of Utah that have been accepted into these academies, four are going to the Naval Academy, two to West Point, and one to Air Force Academy.  I wish them the best in their future endeavors.   Read more here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/utah-first?ID=0a99debc-181e-4166-afff-174988e5f96b
Community-Based Outpatient Clinics are critical to quality of life and access to health care for many veterans in Kansas, especially folks living in our many rural communities who would otherwise be forced to drive hours and hundreds of miles to receive care at a VA hospital. Some of the services provided by CBOCs to veterans include mental health, management of acute and chronic medical conditions, and pharmacy benefits. Today I visited the Hays VA Outpatient Clinic - one of 15 CBOC locations in Kansas - and spent some time visiting with veterans and staff about any complaints or suggestions they have to improve VA care for our nation's heroes.
Congrats to Alaska's two-sport star, Scooter Bynum from Monroe Catholic in Fairbanks, for winning state basketball player of the year a few months ago and top baseball player this week. (And he's a National Honor Society member, too!)
Had a great conversation with Defense Secretary Hagel during his time in Anchorage.  We talked about the Pentagon's strategy for the Arctic, my concerns about the VA and budget constraints facing the military.  Alaska takes care of our men and women in uniform, and I'm glad he got a first-hand look at the Alaska military community.
Spent the morning with veterans in Dayton to hear about their experiences with the VA. Yesterday's report makes it clear there's a failure of leadership and demonstrates systemic problems throughout the VA. If I were President Obama, I would immediately remove VA leadership, hold those responsible accountable, and fire Secretary Shinseki.
Many thanks to the folks who came out to the Kinsley Drug Store for my Town Hall meeting this afternoon.
Thanks to the Pawnee County folks who turned out to the Town Hall meeting in Larned. These folks are well informed and fully engaged.
NA
NA
NA
VA Secretary Shinseki should resign.  Read my statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-calls-veterans-affairs-secretary-eric-shinseki-resign
April 30, 2014
NA
May 21, 2014
This weekend marks the 125th anniversary of the #Johnstown flood. 20 million tons of water. 2,000+ lives lost. It was also the first major relief effort of the American Red Cross.
Amphibious ships have been called the “Swiss Army Knives” of the sea and America’s “911 force.”  They are versatile and responsive, making them one of the most valuable assets of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.  That is why we turn to them time and again – from major combat missions to humanitarian assistance and disaster relief.  
