Today, Senator Alexander joined the efforts of Senators Cruz and Rubio to call on Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro to end the country’s human rights abuse and free Leopoldo Lopez, a political leader imprisoned for opposing the oppressive socialist regime in Venezuela. Read more here: http://tiny.cc/wp7ejx  “This sort of human rights abuse in Venezuela, a country badly in need of public discourse and leadership, is something we should not ignore. We should say to President Maduro: Free Leopoldo Lopez. By locking him up for five months, you are not silencing him. You’re helping make him the Nelson Mandela of Venezuela.”  Watch Sen. Alexander’s floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rhw82siPjVk&feature=youtu.be 
Senator Ayotte welcomed Granite State visitors from Nashua, East Kingston and Bedford to Washington today.
Today, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ruled that President Obama’s health care law authorizes subsidies only through state exchanges – not the federal exchange. The court is just upholding the plain text of the president’s health care law, which was terribly written and poorly implemented. President Obama continues to ignore his constitutional duty to uphold the law, and this is yet another reminder that Congress must hold him accountable. 
The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs is holding a hearing on Robert McDonald’s nomination to be Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs. You can watch my opening statement below or read it here: http://1.usa.gov/1mB2ufY 
The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs is beginning its confirmation hearing for Robert McDonald to be the next Secretary of the VA. You can watch the hearing here http://www.c-span.org/video/?320559-1/va-secretary-nominee-confirmation-hearing&live
NA
NA
NA
Today is the groundbreaking ceremony for the Fort Hood memorial, honoring those killed in the Nov. 5, 2009 terrorist attack. I applaud the hard work of the talented Troy Kelley and the supporters who have made the Fort Hood Memorial a reality. It is an important day for the families of the fallen and the larger Fort Hood community.   It is also a somber reminder that Congress must do its part to bring justice to the fallen and their families by approving legislation awarding the Purple Heart to the victims.
Democrats, GOP Agree: 2008 Trafficking Law Must be Changed:
Proud to work alongside Marsha Blackburn on critical legislation to solve the border crisis and #StopObamasAmnesty!
The D.C. Circuit's decision today in Halbig v. Burwell is a repudiation of Obamacare and all the lawlessness that has come with it. The Obama Administration, through the Internal Revenue Service, has attempted to dispense revenues to the states without proper congressional authorization, robbing Congress of its constitutionally-provided power of the purse.   This decision restores power to Congress and to the people and if properly enforced, should shield citizens from Obamacare's insidious penalties, mandates, and subsidies.   This is a significant victory for the American people and the rule of law, but we must not rest. Americans will continue to lose jobs, pay higher premiums, and receive fewer healthcare choices because of this disastrous law. Every last word of Obamacare must be repealed to restore jobs, growth, and opportunity in our country.
Thanks to Senator Jeff Sessions for supporting my legislation to #StopObamasAmnesty!
Today’s conflicting court decisions on Obamacare shows what happens when one political party, or the White House, presses its agenda heedless of the opposition of millions. It creates a huge mess and no one gets what they want. Some of my colleagues and I are working on plans to lower health care costs and help individuals get what they want by giving them back the power to make their own health care decisions. We’ll continue to move forward whether the courts help us or not.
Today the president signed into law a bill that I’ve been working on for more than a decade. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act will help workers learn the skill they need to get meaningful jobs. As our economy changes, our workforce will be better prepared. It’s important to remember that having a skilled workforce shouldn’t be a partisan issue. This should be an area where we can always find common ground and work together to ensure our workers have the skills they need to compete in the ever-changing global economy.
NA
“In a potentially crippling blow to Obamacare, a top federal appeals court Tuesday said that billions of dollars worth of government subsidies that helped nearly 5 million people buy insurance on HealthCare.gov are illegal.”  ObamaCare remains a fundamentally flawed and unworkable law. “Like” if you agree the only solution is to start over and implement reforms that will truly lower health care costs for Americans and expand access.
NA
Senator Grassley today met with Peyton Bayne of Garnavillo who is the Iowa winner of Tar Wars.  Tar Wars is a tobacco prevention program provided to 4th and 5th grade students by the American Academy of Family Physicians.  Peyton’s winning poster is pictured below, and more information about Tar Wars can be found here: http://www.iaafp.org/en/advocacy/tar_wars/.
Congrats to @kenzienimmo & my son Harris for the top trending and top music vine over the weekend with over 6M views: goo.gl/yp3LiH
“We have been working hard to ensure that Fargo receives this DOT grant so the airport can undertake its taxiway construction and runway rehabilitation projects. Securing these DOT grants is an important way we are working to ensure that we continue to improve infrastructure at Hector Airport and airports across North Dakota. We are the fastest growing state in the nation, and this rapid growth means busy airports and new infrastructure needs. These DOT grants for Fargo, Williston and Hettinger are good news for our state, reflecting our ongoing efforts to invest and develop our airports and meet the new needs of our state.”
Today the D.C. Circuit upheld a challenge in Halbig v. Burwell that government subsidies given to 4.7 million people on the federally run Healthcare.gov were not legal under the Affordable Care Act. President Obama sold his signature legislation on the merit it would make healthcare affordable. The Administration has been breaking the President’s own law in order to give the appearance of a promise kept, but as we’ve seen with the number of people losing their preferred healthcare plans and doctors as well as the skyrocketing costs, ObamaCare has only been a promise broken. Today’s decision is similar to litigation that Oklahoma’s Attorney Scott Pruitt filed in 2011 challenging ObamaCare’s overreach into 34 states that have refused to set up exchanges. Courts are beginning to agree that ObamaCare is riddled with problems and that the current Administration is deliberately ignoring its own flawed law. Here is a picture of some of the latest Oklahoma stories I’ve received into my office on ObamaCare:
Today I spoke with Bill Hemmer on America’s Newsroom about Secretary Kerry’s trip to Cairo, and Egypt’s attempts to negotiate a ceasefire to the conflict in the Gaza strip. Unfortunately, Hamas has repeatedly refused to agree to the terms, and instead is choosing to perpetuate the violence. Hamas is using innocent men, women and children to shield the weaponry the terrorists are using to attack Israel. As Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, “Israel is using missile defense to protect our citizens, and Hamas is using their civilians to protect their missiles.” I strongly support the right of Israel to protect itself from terrorist attacks and hope that you will take a moment to watch the video here:   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/news/video-and-audio/view/inhofe-joins-fox-news-americas-newsroom-to-discuss-sec-kerrys-visit-to-egypt 
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe will be on FOX’s America’s Newsroom at 8:35AM CST to talk about the conflict in the Gaza Strip and Secretary of State John Kerry’s visit to Cairo.
The Obama Administration has quietly decided to extend the stay and expand the capacity of our nation’s military facilities for housing unaccompanied alien children that have crossed the border illegally.  Yesterday the Oklahoma delegation, Congressman Tom Cole, Congressman Jim Bridenstine, Congressman Markwayne Mullin, Frank Lucas, Rep. James Lankford and I said it’s time the President reconsider his use of Fort Sill as a housing location for UAC. Should the President ask Fort Sill to continue housing the children past October, it could impede on the installation’s responsibility to train new troops and become a serious national security issue.  President Obama needs to stop putting the onus on our strapped military to manage his crisis, and instead prioritize solutions that will quickly reunite these children with their families in their home country. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/oklahoma-delegation-urges-obama-administration-to-reconsider-use-of-ft-sill-to-house-unaccompanied-alien-children
Proud to join Christians United for Israel (CUFI) group from #Illinois in standing with #Israel and working to prevent a nuclear #Iran.
Today’s ruling in Halbig v. Burwell is an important step for this case, which is probably headed to the Supreme Court.  Today the appeals court agreed with the plain language of the Affordable Care Act, which says that subsidies can only be offered in exchanges set up by the states, and that the Obama Administration’s IRS rule asserting otherwise was wrong.  Unsurprisingly, the Obama administration, one of the most lawless in American history, has already announced that it will ignore the ruling, so there will be little practical impact. But how this question is ultimately answered by the courts remains a critically important test not just for Obamacare, but for the future of the separation of powers and the rule of law.
My mobile office will be in Fillmore, Delta, and Richfield today.  My staff will be there to hear your feedback on important issues, answer your questions, and provide assistance if you need help working with federal agencies: 
This afternoon, I called on the Senate to not recess in August until a conference committee report on the Veterans Choice Act of 2014 is finalized. Yesterday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid predicted that the conference committee would fail to come to a compromise. We should not let that happen. While it’s been easy to criticize the VA for their failure to our veterans, if we don’t reach a conclusion on this legislation, the United States Senate is deserving of that same condemnation. 
In case you missed it, click the link below watch my interview today with Gretchen Carlson about the need for the Senate and House to come together and pass the Veterans Bill before August recess.
I encourage you to read #KansasCommonSense, my weekly newsletter. Stories this week include — broken VA must work to restore trust, signaling support for the VA Secretary nominee, sending the Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act to the White House, and more.
At 1 p.m. CT today, I'll visit with Gretchen Carlson on Fox News about what I plan to ask the nominee for Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Bob McDonald, at his Senate hearing today. I believe the VA bureaucracy must be reformed, and look forward to hearing how Mr. McDonald will take on the many challenges that lie ahead. I will also discuss the tragedy in the Ukraine of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 and next steps toward finding answers. Please tune in.
Happy 91st Birthday to U.S. Senator Bob Dole, a true Kansan and statesman. We are forever indebted to Senator Dole for his service on behalf of Kansans and Americans.
Yesterday, I visited the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), our nation’s health protection agency, to learn more about how CDC works to safeguard the United States from health, safety and security threats. As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee, which has funding jurisdiction over CDC, it is important for me to understand how the agency allocates its scientific expertise, tools and resources to promote health, prevent disease, and prepare for new health threats.   We toured the Emergency Operations Center (EOC), Influenza Lab, and visited about how Kansas utilizes CDC support to bolster vaccine immunization coverage. We also discussed CDC’s plans to strengthen oversight of government laboratories handling dangerous microbes in the wake of several disturbing safety lapses recently. Thanks to CDC Director Dr. Frieden and his team for their hospitality and their commitment to keeping our country safe and healthy.
Today former US Army Staff Sgt. Ryan Pitts was awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic 2008 actions in Afghanistan. 
This will sound familiar to Alaskans: the Department of Interior is keeping a critically-needed road from being built in a wildlife refuge.  This time, it's along the southern border and is posing a huge logistical challenge for our men and women patrolling the border.
My book donation drive to Alaska schools and non-profits just broke the 10,000 book mark!  The 10,000th book was Aesop's Fables and it was part of a 142 book donation to Chester Valley Elementary to honor the memory of longtime librarian Beverley Fonnesbeck. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=f41695af-775b-471e-9b27-54e21f481536
Our secret is out! It's been made official what we in Alaska have known a long time: JBER and Eielson are two of the best military bases in the nation. 
Whether we are discussing national security, diplomacy, or commerce in the far North –it’s important that we in Washington, as well as capitals across the Arctic region, hear your voices and concerns directly. Here’s my message to the Inuit Circumpolar Council as they meet this week: http://youtu.be/rbNk3HhiFWg
If American families are reining in spending then the federal government should be forced to do the same. I discussed solutions to rein in our growing debt on Fox News today. 
Check out my op-ed in The Wall Street Journal on the need to rein in the soaring debt and reform Social Security. Just recently, the non-partisan CBO said the national debt will soar by a staggering $40 trillion over the next two decades. That would bring the debt to nearly $250,000 per household. 
Discussing the restoration of voting rights with Sen. Cardin at our bipartisan panel
Can't make it to today's bipartisan panel on Restoring Voting Rights? Tune in here at 2pm ET to watch the discussion live: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ej_VpZoN2Dw 
The biggest impediment to voting and employment in our country is a criminal record. Many young people could escape this trap if criminal justice were reformed, if records were expunged after time served, and if nonviolent crimes did not become a permanent blot preventing employment.  Read my entire op-ed HERE: http://www.wcpo.com/news/opinion/op-ed/sen-rand-paul-us-drug-policies-legal-system-hurt-african-americans-most-
Today's MUST-READ: Small-arms treaty, big Second Amendment threat--Ceding Senate constitutional authority to the U.N. would be unwise  Read more HERE: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jul/16/lyons-small-arms-treaty-big-second-amendment-threa/#ixzz38CxI1lfU  
In case you missed it- Last night, I joined Fox's Greta Van Susteren 'On the Record' to discuss the REDEEM Act, my upcoming speech at the Urban League conference and the future of the Republican Party.    WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thj5VWroGv8
Just two weeks ago, EPA Administrator McCarthy was in Missouri to meet with producers regarding the proposed Waters of the United States regulation. Farmers and ranchers hoped they would be able to persuade her to recognize the negative impacts of the rules. I was outraged to hear that their concerns were categorized as ‘silly’ or ‘ludicrous.' I take issue with the EPA campaign calling these concerns myths. I again called on Administrator McCarthy to #ditchtherule.
Happy Birthday to my friend and Kansas' Favorite Son, Senator Bob Dole.
"In a potentially crippling blow to Obamacare, a top federal appeals court Tuesday said that billions of dollars worth of government subsidies that helped nearly 5 million people buy insurance on HealthCare.gov are illegal." 
I was pleased to meet with State Representative Marvin Kleeb and others dedicated to working together to advance research, support patients and create hope for those affected by pancreatic cancer.
Rubio Comments On Latest Court Ruling Against ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/1kQfSNU  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding a federal appeals court ruling against the Obama Administration’s implementation of ObamaCare:   “Once again, a court ruling against ObamaCare has reminded us that this law was poorly conceived, poorly written, and has been poorly executed by an Obama Administration that believes it can just make up and change the rules as it goes.   “It’s just the tip of the iceberg with a law that’s also destined to either crush patients with obscenely high costs, lead to a taxpayer bailout of health insurance companies, or both. ObamaCare is a bad piece of public policy that needs to be repealed and replaced.   “With two conflicting appellate court rulings on ObamaCare today, I reaffirm my belief that this law ultimately will fall apart.”  
ICYMI: Rubio: Holding Iran Accountable: 1.usa.gov/UmdWFT  Last week, negotiators from the P5+1 group of countries and Iran agreed to extend their talks regarding a comprehensive nuclear deal until late November.   Missing from the discussion about the extension is a fundamental question that the Obama administration is glossing over. What is the U.S. relationship with Iran going to look like after the negotiations even if a nuclear deal is concluded? Administration officials have avoided discussing this, just as they did before finalizing the Joint Plan of Action (JPOA). At that time, the administration was loath to admit that an Iranian enrichment capability would be acceptable after years of U.S. policy that clearly stated that Iran must halt all enrichment. The reality is that no credible deal with Iran would allow for domestic Iranian enrichment at any level.   Similarly, the White House claims that the JPOA and now this four-month extension of negotiations do not limit America’s ability to target ongoing Iranian support for terrorism or its human-rights abuses. But the administration has avoided any provocative actions on these issues since the negotiations began.  ... 
Senator Rubio remembers Oswaldo Payá and Harold Cepero, and their efforts to bring freedom and democracy to Cuba: http://bit.ly/1nQCEVG  Two years ago the Castro regime murdered Oswaldo Payá and Harold Cepero. These two men had devoted their lives to bringing freedom and democracy to Cuba, only to be fatally run off the road as they drove on a Cuban highway - a plot orchestrated by the regime which they attempted to cover up.  We have seen too many instances like this of regime aggression and murder that goes unpunished. At every turn, foreign governments and international bodies like the OAS and UN have been stymied in their attempts to investigate this crime.  The U.S. government and the international community must continue pushing for the Cuban regime to allow an impartial, third party investigation into the circumstances surrounding the death of Oswaldo and Harold.  Since a Spanish citizen was with them and survived the car crash, it is incumbent on the Spanish government to hold the Cuban regime accountable for endangering one of their citizens and for their subsequent attempts to silence him as a witness.  Today we remember Oswaldo and Harold for their courageous efforts and extraordinary lives. We stand in solidarity with their loved ones - particularly Oswaldo's daughter, Rosa Maria, who last year visited the Senate asking for assistance seeking justice. We need to make sure that not only is justice served but that we not allow Oswaldo's and Harold's sacrifices to have been in vain by enabling the regime's grip in power.  ...
This morning, a federal appeals court panel dealt a major blow to ObamaCare. Read more: http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/federal-appeals-court-panel-deals-major-blow-to-health-law/2014/07/22/c86dd2ce-06a5-11e4-bbf1-cc51275e7f8f_story.html?wpisrc=al_comboPN_p
The late Alabama Senator Jeremiah Denton was laid to rest today at Arlington National Cemetery. Sen. Sessions delivered a eulogy at the service. To view Sen. Sessions’ earlier tribute to Jeremiah Denton on the Senate floor, please click here:
Key components of my SKILLS Act were signed into law today, bringing easier access to job training services and cutting duplicative programs.  Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/key-components-senator-tim-scott%E2%80%99s-skills-act-signed-law-today
Reviewing plans for Delaware River dredging with Lt. Col. Michael Bliss of the Philadelphia District U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. #Philly
Congratulations to the Henry-Stonewall family of Easton, Northampton County -- celebrating 154 years of service in the United States military.  Last weekend, my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended a celebration at Saucon Park in Bethlehem in honor of the family.  Pictured here with Marta are Gloria Taylor; Korean War Veteran Clyde Freeman, Sr.; and Vietnam War Veteran Edward Mathis.
The York Dispatch gets it: The Senate needs to pass my bipartisan bill to protect kids before the school year starts.
