The Senate voted 97-0 tonight to pass legislation Senator Ayotte authored with Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) to address sexual assault in the military and better protect victims.  
Congratulations to Josiah Boggs of Nashua on receiving the Gen. Carl A. Spaatz Award and achieving the rank of NH Civil Air Patrol cadet colonel!
Join Lean In & Girl Scouts to encourage girls to lead.
As a one-time college soccer player, it was a thrill to visit with the 2012 NCAA champion Indiana University men's soccer team, in town for a celebration at the White House.
NA
Today I am introducing legislation to help Hoosier job creators. Please take a moment to read more. 
Late last week, a member of my staff in Twin Falls attended a naturalization ceremony. What a special moment for these new U.S. citizens. #idpol #usa
In 1962, the U.S. Senate passed a resolution to establish the U.S. Senate Youth Program (USSYP), recognizing the important role of talented youth who understand our nation’s governmental functions in strengthening our country.  The USSYP provides 104 delegates the opportunity to travel to Washington, D.C., to learn about Congress and the federal government.  The program was created to increase an understanding of the interrelationships of the three branches of government, the responsibilities of federal officials and the importance of decision making.  This year, Taylor Adler of Sun Valley and Catherine Yenne of Nampa were chosen to attend the program’s Washington Week. Good ideas often come from bright minds viewing challenges through new eyes.  As we confront our national issues, ensuring our nation’s youth have access to firsthand education opportunities can inspire lasting solutions to national challenges and develop knowledgeable leadership that can strengthen our nation. 
Cornyn Supports Victims Protection Act: 
You don't have to take it from just conservatives.   Take it from the unions who say Obamacare "threatens the middle class with higher premiums, loss of hours, and a shift to part-time work and less comprehensive coverage." #FullRepeal
Actual quote from the Washington Post: "Underestimate Texas at your own peril." #MakeDCListen
American leadership is critical in the world. When the United States doesn't stand for freedom, tyrants notice:
Can we repeal Obamacare?   Every. Single. Word. #FullRepeal
The Administration is backing off proposed Medicare changes that would have limited access to certain medications for seniors. I joined a bipartisan coalition of senators in February, led by Senator Hatch (R-Utah) and Senator Wyden (D-Ore.), which expressed serious concerns with these proposed changes to Medicare. We wrote the CMS Administrator to point out how the Administration’s proposal would disrupt care for millions of Part D beneficiaries and unnecessarily interfere with a successful program. 
Amtrak ought to stop taking free rides from taxpayers before giving them out to bloggers #AmtrakResidency 
Very proud of the Senate’s work today to pass the bipartisan Victims Protection Act, legislation I introduced with Senators McCaskill and Ayotte to end sexual assault in the military. This bill puts in place meaningful reforms to protect our servicemen and women from these violent crimes. It also increases accountability to bring offenders to justice. While this is progress, our work here isn’t done. Congress has an important role in oversight to ensure these reforms are effectively implemented and fully enforced. 
Not yet signed up for my eNewsletter? Click here to start receiving the Monthly Record and get updates on my latest efforts to represent Nebraskans in Washington. http://fischer.enews.senate.gov/
A report from a major labor union finds it “ironic” that Obamacare will actually decrease wages and increase income inequality. Even President Obama’s political allies are pointing out how Obamacare is hurting hardworking Americans and middle class families. It’s more important than ever that we scrap this failed health care law. http://cdn.ralstonreports.com/sites/default/files/ObamaCaretoAFL_FINAL.pdf
“I just hope we don’t lose Alaska. The more [President Barack] Obama talks to Putin the worse we do,” the South Carolina Republican cracked on “Kilmeade and Friends” on Fox News Radio. 
A decision by the Inspector General for the Department of Health and Human Services to disqualify a dental management company from the Medicaid program is a victory for accountability, Senator Grassley says.  More here: 
Wall Street must pay taxpayers $614 million in latest case thx to 1986 Grassley whistleblower law recovering 10s of billions $ since passage
Congratulations to my friend Ken Santor on being named the State of Nevada Veteran of the Month. #BattleBorn
Sexual assault is a heinous crime and needs to be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, in the military as in civilian life. The legislation crafted by Senators McCaskill, Ayotte and Fischer gets to the heart of the problem, which is making it easier for victims to report sexual assault and harder for anyone to overturn a conviction. The McCaskill-Ayotte-Fischer legislation achieves both of these goals. 
With the passage tonight of the Victims Protection Act, we have concluded the most comprehensive revision to military justice since 1983. Since 2009 alone, Congress has enacted 47 provisions either directly addressing sexual assault within the military or instituting reforms to the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) to improve how these cases are managed. These important reforms, along with today’s passage of the Victims Protection Act, will help to ensure justice for victims, improve the environment where men and women can serve together, and sustain the fabric of our Armed Forces, the chain of command. As these measures are being implemented, the Senate Armed Services Committee will closely monitor the performance of the Department of Defense and our military leaders. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-supports-victims-protection-act-of-2014
Three ways the United States can help in Ukraine without putting boots on the ground, including natural gas exports to Europe: http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/government/sen-jim-inhofe-says-u-s-could-do-three-things/article_4243a80f-8f50-5af5-a493-d2f6fdf16ed6.html 
Human trafficking is modern day slavery. Backpage should stop allowing underage girls to be sold on their website.
Tune in tonight!
Sitting down with the Late Show with David Letterman this evening - tune in!
Yesterday, CNN reported that in a first-of-its-kind study, researchers developed a blood test to predict whether a healthy person will develop Alzheimer’s disease. It predicted who would get Alzheimer's or mild cognitive impairment with more than 90 percent accuracy. This test is in the preliminary stages, but there is potential it could someday be administered in a doctors’ office to predict the disease. The earlier scientists can predict who will develop Alzheimer’s, the better positioned research efforts will be to treat and prevent it.   The blood test is a step in the right direction, but we must prioritize Alzheimer’s research to improve health outcomes for individuals living with the disease and to lower health care costs. As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that funds the National Institute of Health, I am committed to advancing research to test for, treat and cure this terrible disease.
I just called in to testify before the Alaska House Resources Committee in support of building a lifesaving road to King Cove.  HJR 30 urges Sec. Sally Jewell to reconsider the Izembek land exchange in order to build the road and shows that Alaskans are united on this issue.  I’m not backing down on this and it’s good to know the Legislature isn’t either.
Today I proudly joined 96 other members of the Senate to pass the Victims Protection Act which removes the ability of a commanding officer to overturn punishments for perpetrators of military sexual assault.  But, much like there are many battles in a larger campaign, this is just one positive step towards the end goal of creating an environment where there are far fewer sexual assaults among the ranks – and that victims feel free to speak up.  I will continue to fight for tougher measures in an effort to stop military sexual assault completely:
Ohio students interested in learning more about the U.S. Senate: my office has extended the internship application deadline to Friday, March 14th. You can apply here: http://1.usa.gov/1cuMgo3
National Review caught up with a few young CPAC attendees over the weekend to get a feel for what issues are important to them. WATCH: http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/372975/what-matters-youth-cpac-2014-andrew-johnson
Every Republican likes to think he or she is the next Ronald Reagan. Some who say this do so for lack of their own ideas and agenda. Reagan was a great leader and President. But too often people make him into something he wasn’t in order to serve their own political purposes.  Read my entire op-ed 'Stop warping Reagan's foreign policy' HERE: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Peace/2014/03/10/Rand-Paul-Reagans-Foreign-Policy 
Like Dwight Eisenhower, I believe the U.S. can actually be stronger by doing less. However, I recommend a number of specific and decisive measures to punish Putin for his ongoing aggression.  Read my recommendations HERE: http://time.com/17648/sen-rand-paul-u-s-must-take-strong-action-against-putins-aggression/
Today I was pleased to meet with the City of Ottawa Kansas Municipal Government including Mayor Sara Caylor and City Manager Richard Nienstedt.
Real reform and savings for nutrition programs in the Farm Bill? I don’t think so. States like New York and Connecticut have already figured out a way to continue gaming the system for additional federal SNAP funds through the LIHEAP Loophole. (The Farm Bill only become law last month) This is exactly what I have warned against and why I introduced a bill (a year ago) to stop it. 
It was great to meet with the folks who are launching our next generation of farmers and ranchers -- our FFA advisors and agriculture instructors. Thank you for the work you do!
34-0 going into the NCAA Tournament has not been done since 1991. Go Shockers!
Senator Rubio Proposes New Economic Growth Agenda:  Rubio: “In order to harness the promise of a new era and build another American Century, we will need millions of new middle and higher-wage jobs.  We will face unprecedented global competition for these jobs. It is a competition we can win, but not unless we reform our current polices in Washington."
ICYMI: Here is a video excerpt of Sen. Sessions' comments earlier tonight siding with American workers and consumers over special interest groups pushing baseless energy restrictions:
Sen. Sessions is delivering remarks now on the unfounded push for climate and energy regulations that would hurt American workers. You can tune in here:
I am a strong supporter of school choice. Watch my CPAC speech here: http://youtu.be/tqoivHUmtIU
John Frick, my Johnstown regional manager, gave his time and talent to craft furniture for the 9/11 museum on board the USS Somerset. Using lumber from the Somerset County area, John and fellow-woodworker Keith Martin spent 200 hours on this remarkable, touching memorial to the heroes of Flight 93. Photos here:
NA
Congrats! 2:00.09! #usatf
Last Friday, Phil Innamorato from my Philadelphia office met with Classical Conversations (Northeast Philadelphia chapter) which is a  group of home-school students and parents. The children recited parts of the Constitution and detailed world and U.S. historical events as part of the program.
... I served in a company of heroes... http://tinyurl.com/jvugtwv 
Read my op-ed in today's Fox News Opinion section: "Obama’s Defense Budget Puts America’s Ability to Lead at Grave Risk"
Wicker Report | Individuals, families, and businesses across the country recognize the importance of having a budget. Budgeting is both a means of financial responsibility and a compilation of priorities. President Obama has put politics first with this year’s budget proposal. In doing so, he misses a chance to work with Republicans and Democrats on constructive ways to lower the debt and create new jobs.
