Senator Ayotte's staff will hold office hours tomorrow, Wednesday, August 6th, in the following towns to assist local residents with federal matters:   WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 6:  New Ipswich Town Hall, 661 Turnpike Road, 9:00 - 10:00 AM  Springfield Town Offices, 2750 Main Street, 10:30 AM - 11:30 AM  Greenville Town Hall, 46 Main Street, 10:30 - 11:30 AM  Wilmot Town Office, 9 Kearsarge Valley Road, 9:00-10:00 AM  Andover Town Office, 31 School Street, 10:30-11:30 AM  Salisbury's Academy Hall, 9 Old Coach Road, Noon-1:00 PM  Brookline Town Hall, 1 Main Street, 12:15 - 1:15 PM  Hollis Town Hall, 7 Monument Square, 1:30 - 2:30 PM  Sutton's Pillsbury Memorial Hall, 93 Main Street, Sutton Mills, 2:00-3:00 PM  Unity Town Office, 13 Center Road, 2:30 PM - 3:30 PM  Bradford Community Center, Lower Level, 134 East Main Street, 3:30-4:30 PM  Mason Town Hall, 16 Darling Hill Road, 6:30 - 7:30 PM  More info: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=community_outreach
NA
Thanks to this great group of students who spent the summer in our office helping the people of Arkansas. If you know of a qualified candidate who might be interested in serving as an intern either in one of our seven Arkansas offices or in Washington, you can find an application here. http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships
NA
In Midland talking with local stakeholders about federal overreach with endangered species listings, such as the lesser prairie chicken, that do not take into account local conservation efforts and put a damper on economic development and job creation.
This year alone, Hamas has attempted to murder innocent Israeli civilians with over 3,000 rockets. #StandWithIsrael
This month, I'm traveling across the state meeting with Nebraskans, holding roundtables with various groups, visiting local businesses, and hosting constituent listening sessions. Looking forward to these valuable opportunities to hear from you and discuss how we can promote policies in Washington that help middle class families, strengthen our communities, and bolster economic growth.
Tour and Q&A at Edgewater Retirement Community 116 ppl Topics-taxes & debt, Medicare, health care reimbursement
Finished tour and discussion Primary Health Care in Des Moines w  27 patients doctors medical residents about health care policy
“Our entire state is growing, in terms of both people and our economy. That’s especially true of Minot and the entire western region of North Dakota. Infrastructure like the terminal, runway and other construction at Minot Airport is designed to keep up with the growing demand for air travel that comes with general economic growth.”
Yesterday, the Obama Administration said it would stop using Fort Sill in Oklahoma after August 8 to house children who have crossed the border illegally. While this is welcome news for the various training missions on post that would have been affected if the children’s stay had continued through January 2015, the Administration is still not addressing the policies that led to the unprecedented flow of children in the first place. We are a country made of immigrants, with more than 1 million coming to our country through the proper legal process each year. We should be enforcing the policies Congress put in place to keep our nation and border secure, while respecting those who have made the concerted effort to abide by our laws. http://newsok.com/immigrant-children-to-be-moved-from-fort-sill/article/5125431 
The completion of the environmental cleanup of Waukegan Harbor is a critical first step to spurring economic redevelopment in Waukegan and Northern Illinois. This restoration has cleared the way for business development, property value increases, and a significant economic boost for the region, and is a huge milestone in the years of work between federal, state, and local stakeholders.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1pBdhf0
Read Senator McConnell's latest column: Kentuckians Deserve to have their Voices Heard by the EPA in President Obama’s War on #Coal:  
I am distressed to learn Alan Gross is losing hope for his release from a Cuban jail as his health continues to deteriorate. For nearly five years, Mr. Gross has been unjustly detained by the Castro regime, and his suffering – and that of his family – has lasted five years too long. The situation is dire, and I implore the Obama Administration to exercise every diplomatic and economic tool available to bring Mr. Gross home immediately. 
It's primary day in our state, and I encourage Kansans to visit the polls. As Americans, we have the opportunity to elect the individuals who represent us at the local, state and national level. By exercising your right to vote, you can help make certain the next generation has the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. This morning, I voted at Westview Community Church in Manhattan.
I encourage you to read my weekly newsletter, #KansasCommonSense. This week includes stories about the Senate and House-passed VA reform legislation, touring A&E Custom Manufacturing in Kansas City, encouraging President Obama to listen to Kansas businesses, introducing the Toxic Exposure Research Act and more.
I'm in Fairbanks today--just had round table discussions with women in the mining industry to talk about current issues and challenges.
Way to go, Goldpanners!  Down in Wichita, the Alaska Baseball League champions won last night to stay alive for what could be their 7th national title!  Next up, the San Diego Waves tomorrow. http://www.newsminer.com/sports/baseball/goldpanners-keep-series-dream-alive-with-win/article_5e123616-1ba1-11e4-bf79-001a4bcf6878.html
In Shelby to see the world-class ArcelorMittal welded tube factory & discuss better policies needed out of Washington to help with expansion.
Visited Navistar International's Springfield Assembly Plant today for a tour and townhall meeting with the impressive workforce.
Moving ceremony to honor 15 previously unknown veterans at Dayton National Cemetery. Their remains were identified through the Missing in America Project. Honored to thank those who helped pass the MIA bill which is now law & for their efforts on my new bill to obtain headstones for veterans.
NA
NA
Saturday was truly a great day as we welcomed 2,500 people to our Vietnam Veterans Honor Ceremony. Watch a little here: ow.ly/zZ0lQ 
Great to visit with the companies of ICMI Business Park in Dunbar, Fayette County.  Thanks to Fay-Penn Economic Development Council for hosting me!
An example of excellence in teaching. Congrats to #Philly charter school teacher Dayna Perry for being honored by the KIPP Foundation!
Beautiful morning in Greene County today! So pleased to be on campus at Waynesburg University to host a town hall discussion.  Thanks to Waynesburg University president Douglas Lee, State Senator  Tim Solobay and State Representative Rep. Pam Snyder  for joining me!
Discussed how to create #jobs yesterday in Beaver County – they are ready to work!
There are too many stories of children being abused by teachers. Here’s what I’m doing about it.
