Here are a few pictures from the Defense Trade Show that took place on Tuesday. This event was put on by the North Carolina Military Business Center and the hundreds of businesses that joined the event at Fayetteville Technical. I was pleased to be able to join NCMBC and all of the wonderful North Carolina business offering cutting edge products and services.
NA
NA
A full house at today's New England Council luncheon and discussion of topics that impact Maine and our economy.
Sen. Collins recognized for securing funds to renovate and expand Casco Bay Lines terminal on Portland waterfront.
"Our children are everything to us": Rachel Fraenkel on how the loss of her son -- who was murdered by Hamas terrorists -- may have saved Israel.
Hamas using civilians as human shields is much more than just "extraordinarily irresponsible." It is evil and depraved. #StandWithIsrael
This week I sent a letter to all my Senate colleagues asking them to support my Penny Plan. It’s a common sense way to balance the budget in just 3 years by reducing government spending by one percent each year. Click the link below to find out more and to read the letter.
This week’s Enzi Insider updates you on what I have been working on in Washington for you. Stay informed on various legislative activities, ranging from amendments to the Bring Jobs Home Act to the efforts to provide more resources to forest restoration programs. 
Great to be at the Legislative Summit in Ashland this morning. I look forward to this event every year when Nebraska lawmakers at the state, local, and federal level come together to discuss the impact policies are having on economic development throughout our state.
Please keep my friend Jack and his family in your prayers. Love this guy. #TeamJack
“The summary objective of the Nuclear Force Improvement Program is to modernize and strengthen the nation’s nuclear forces. Minot Air Force Base, with both a bomber wing and a missile wing, is clearly a vital part of that mission, which this increase in personnel signifies.”
“We asked Chairman Rose to come to North Dakota to meet directly with producers, both to hear their concerns and explain what BNSF is doing to fix the delays,” Hoeven said. “The rail industry has made progress on clearing out the backlog, and we will continue to push them to resolve the delays in North Dakota in time for the fall harvest.”   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/8/hoeven-hosts-roundtable-with-bnsf-agricultural-producers-on-improving-rail-service-agriculture-shipments
Watch Senator Johnson’s appearance earlier this morning  on the Appleton Post-Crescent show, Newsmakers.
Yesterday Senator Johnson toured Exhibit Systems, a company that designs trade show displays in Brookfield, WI.
Watch Senator Johnson present the 30-year federal budget outlook: it’s worse than you think.
The people of Chicago are safer today, and I applaud all those who worked to get these dangerous gang members off our streets. I worked to secure critical federal resources for the fight against gangs of national significance, and as long as these gangs continue to threaten the lives of Chicagoans, I will keep working to provide law enforcement the resources they need to defeat violent gangs like the Gangster Disciples.
Yesterday I joined Rep. Peter Roskam for a discussion on how we can empower businesses in Illinois. My bill, s. 2747, would cut red tape for small businesses.  More photos: http://instagram.com/senatorkirk
After 14 years of supporting the cleanup of Waukegan Harbor & economic revitalization of Waukegan, we celebrated the completion of work to clean the harbor! A clean harbor means economic boom, more jobs, & a flourishing community.
“I was proud to support this legislation,” Senator McConnell said. “When veterans are denied care, it’s a priority deserving of bipartisan attention, and this legislation will help ensure the VA lives up to the promises that we made to our veterans. We owe them no less.”
I traveled to Harvey County today to visit and tour Newton Medical Center (NMC). NMC is a 103-bed acute care hospital providing comprehensive health care services to residents of Harvey County and the surrounding area. In May, NMC announced that its patients now had access to the latest CT scan technology with the acquisition of a new CT scan system that works to minimize patients’ exposure to radiation during the scan. I appreciated Dr. Kent Bradley (pictured with me here) taking time to visit with me about physician recruitment and retention, importance of primary care, and federal regulatory burdens. Thanks to NMC CEO Steven Kelly for hosting my visit.
Yesterday I visited Wamego Health Center & Wamego Family Clinic (WHC), an 18-bed Critical Access Hospital (CAH). During my visit, we visited about concerns regarding Obama Administration proposals that would cut reimbursements to CAHs and eliminate hospitals from the CAH program. Whether Kansans may remain in the communities they call home, and whether their children will return to raise families of their own is dependent upon access to quality health care. When federal policies fail to take into account the realities of providing care in rural communities, we risk losing access to important health care services provided by Kansas hospitals and other health care providers. Thanks to WHC CEO Shannan Flach for hosting my visit.
I kicked off yesterday's tour of Salina Regional Health Center (SRHC) with an incredible view of the city from the hospital roof's helipad. The helipad is used about 200 times a year to transfer patients to and from Salina Regional. Here, I'm pictured with SRHC Executive Director of Governmental and Public Relations Tom Bell.
Good news for Alaska's military community! I just got off the phone in Haines with the Air Force Secretary, who told us that Eielson Air Force Base has been named a 'preferred' location -- in other words, the front runner -- for two squadrons of F-35 II's.
Today I had the opportunity to go out and look at the Blue Lake Dam Expansion Project...from 650 feet in the air! (In a crane basket) It is impressive to see what Sitka has done, in spite of the obstacles that were in their way. Sitka is a leader in our state in many ways, especially when it comes to hydro power.
What a great day in Sitka today!  I want to thank the Chamber of Commerce there for inviting me to talk about the latest news on delivering health care for our veterans, renewable energy through hydropower and why I'm not giving an inch in my fight against Frankenfish. I really enjoy visiting with Alaskans across our state to take the pulse of everyone's concerns and conversations.
Rubio, Kirk Urge Kerry To Address Burma’s Stalled Political Transition During Visit: http://1.usa.gov/1nwLQi1  Washington, D.C. –  U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Mark Kirk (R-IL) today urged Secretary of State John Kerry to address the issues challenging Burma’s democratic reform process during his upcoming visit to the country.   In a letter to Kerry, Rubio and Kirk expressed concern over the Burmese government’s lack of progress toward meaningful democratic reform, including the ruling party’s opposition to key constitutional changes that would encourage a fair outcome in the 2015 elections.   “The ruling party has opposed constitutional changes that would level the playing field heading into the 2015 elections, including restrictions on Aung San Suu Kyi’s ability to run for president and the military’s control over key levers of authority,” the senators wrote. “The military controls access to all significant constitutional change, an arrangement that cannot be acceptable in any society that aspires to democracy.”   “The government’s continued failure to stop violence at the community level and address the regional and national environments fueled by intolerance and xenophobia is unacceptable,” the senators continued.   “To that end, we request that you spend at least as much time during your visit talking to civil society groups, representatives of political ethnic nationalities, and non-state armed groups as you do with government officials,” the senators added. “We also urge you to make absolutely clear to your official interlocutors that the status quo in Burma is unacceptable and that meaningful and irreversible progress on these issues is necessary to further advance our bilateral interest in normalizing relations.” 
FOX Orlando: Rubio Calls On NASA, Air Force To Make Florida More Competitive In Commercial Space Industry
In a recent interview, Sen. Sessions reiterated his call for Americans to ask their Senators about their stance on the Administration's plan to unilaterally authorize an additional 5-6 million illegal workers to fill jobs in the United States. Sessions then posed the choice lawmakers in Leader Reid's Conference ought to consider: "I think the Majority Leader Harry Reid is the palace guard of the Obama agenda...The choice is: Do they stand with Harry Reid and the palace guard and protect President Obama’s unlawful plans, or do they support their constituents?"
In the mid-sixties with my Aunt. #tbt #throwbackthursday
The skills gap is a very real factor that is keeping folks out of the good-paying jobs that would improve their lives.    I strongly support the Senate-passed Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to help improve job training and get people back to work.   http://www.thestate.com/2014/08/06/3604368/part-time-workers-find-full-time.html?sp=/99/101/ 
On #PurpleHeartDay, I am especially grateful for those wounded or killed defending our country. #hero www.purpleheart.org
Happy 12th birthday #SarahMurnaghan! Thank you for bravely fighting for kids who need lung transplants. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1383
The Pennsylvania ICAC Task Force and NCMEC are taking child predators out of our kids' schools. http://bit.ly/1kL6xMX We should help.
