“Howard Baker was Tennessee’s favorite son, one of America’s finest leaders and for Honey and me an indispensable friend. He built our state’s two-party political system and inspired three generations to try to build a better state and country. It is difficult to express how much we honor his life and how much we will miss him.”  Alexander was Senator Baker’s first legislative assistant in 1967 and 1968. He also met his wife Honey while he was working for Baker and she for Texas senator John Tower.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1qfJCun
Always great to welcome Granite Staters to Capitol Hill!  Yesterday Senator Ayotte greeted visitors from Hanover, Tilton, Lebanon and Harrisville.
Yesterday Senator Ayotte welcomed Jack Facey of Amherst and his family to Washington.  Jack, who is a senior at Souhegan High School, is one of New Hampshire's Presidential Scholars.  The U.S. Presidential Scholars Program recognizes our country's outstanding graduating high school seniors.  Congratulations Jack, and good luck at Brown University in the fall!
At an official ceremony in the Capitol rotunda today, Senator Ayotte helped present Israeli President Shimon Peres with the Congressional Gold Medal.  Peres, the last surviving member of Israel’s founding generation, is the first sitting president of Israel to receive the Congressional Gold Medal, which is the highest civilian award in the United States and recognizes individuals, organizations, or events that have made a tremendous contribution to the history and culture of our country.  “I cannot think of a more deserving person to receive the Congressional Gold Medal than President Shimon Peres,” said Senator Ayotte. “As one of the founding fathers of Israel, for 67 years, President Peres has been a selfless servant of his beloved country during times of war and peace.  Providing a steady hand, he has been a constant and passionate voice for peace, but most of all not only is he a great leader, he is a man who has a pure heart and the depth of his love for all humanity has made him a drum major for justice not just in Israel but throughout the world.”
Enjoyed spending time with some terrific Mizzou alums last night.
“Lost” IRS emails. EPA regulatory over-reach. Cherry-picking which ObamaCare provisions to delay. Any way you look at it, this administration has a bad habit of ignoring the law – and the Constitution. Yesterday, House Speaker John Boehner announced his plans to pursue measures to sue President Obama “in an effort to compel the president to follow his oath of office and faithfully execute the laws of our country.” The Speaker is right. It’s time for Congress to tell President Obama: You cannot ignore the law. The president’s ‘pen and phone’ do not supersede the U.S. Constitution.  That’s why I’m urging the Democrat-controlled Senate to allow a vote on a bill I introduced, the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” to ensure the president upholds his constitutional obligation to “take care that the laws be faithfully executed.”
Congressional investigators uncover emails revealing that former IRS official Lois Lerner tried targeting a United States Senator. #IRSscandal
Best of luck to our nation’s soccer team today as they play Germany – Go USA! #USMNT #WorldCup2014
The Supreme Court ruled that President Obama violated the Constitution’s appointment clause while appointing members to the National Labor Relations Board during a pro forma session of the Senate in January 2012. This decision reaffirms our Founding Fathers’ vision of a checks-and-balances system that ensures no branch of government has majority control. The President is not above the law. Read more about the ruling below.
NA
Today, the Supreme Court restored a measure of balance to our system by unanimously ruling that the president’s attempts to make recess appointments while the Senate was in session were unconstitutional, and I applaud the decision. The Founders defined the powers of the president in Article II of the Constitution and set a clear limitation on his authority to make appointments, stipulating that he must obtain the "advice and consent of the Senate." This check on executive power is essential to maintaining the integrity of our republic. As a former senator and lecturer on constitutional law, this president should have known better. President Obama has frequently boasted of his intention to bypass Congress on a range of issues, and I hope this unanimous rebuke will cause him to reflect on what it means to exercise executive authority with respect for the elected representatives of the American people.
Big game today. Let's go USA! 
ICYMI: I called on federal officials in Washington, D.C., to intensify the investigation into the political targeting of conservative groups by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the agency’s inability to produce a record of emails and other electronic information related to the reported misconduct of senior IRS officials. To learn more, click here: http://1.usa.gov/UNgFsd 
Pleased to welcome Pamela Kenzie from Easton to DC for the National Association for Music Education 2014 Hill Day and to discuss the importance of music education.
Congratulations to Kyle Hietala, who attends Morse High School in Bath.  Kyle is a 2014 Presidential Scholar which honors high school seniors for academic excellence, artistic accomplishments, and civic contributions.
VIDEO - Cornyn Addresses Sen. Reid's "Offensive" Comments:
Cornyn Statement on NLRB Supreme Court Decision:   “For too long, our president has operated by fiat, bypassing Congress and overriding the will of the American people.  Today’s ruling sends a clear message against President Obama’s power grabs and restores more constitutionally-required accountability for all nominations going forward.”
Cornyn, Rubio Resolution Calls on President to Take Action in Border Crisis:
Senator Corker issued the following statement today on the passing of former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Howard H. Baker, Jr. (R-Tenn.):   “When I think of the ultimate statesman, the very first person who comes to my mind is Howard Baker.    “Howard Baker was one of those people who had the unique ability to bring out the very best in those around him. He always put our country’s interests first, and lived a life of service that everyone in public office should aspire to emulate. I have cherished the privilege of being able to sit down and talk with Howard on many occasions, and I will always value his words of encouragement. He was a source of great pride in our state.   “Elizabeth and I extend our thoughts and prayers to his wife, Nancy, the Baker family and all those who have been touched by Howard’s remarkable life.”   In this 2007 photo, Senator Corker is pictured with (from L to R): former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.), Senator Baker, and U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.).
Eric Holder should be impeached if he doesn’t appoint a special prosecutor with meaningful independence to investigate the #IRS scandal!
Hamas, give those kidnapped boys back now. The full weight of the world should bear down on Hamas to give them back safely and immediately.   If they do not, we should use all of the available means to stand unequivocally with Israel for however long it takes to find these boys and to bring them home.   These are teenagers who were targeted for who they are, who have done no wrong, who have done nothing that comes near to deserving what has happened to them that day while waiting at the bus stop to go home from school.
If Eric Holder won't appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the #IRS scandal, he should be impeached!
Today, the Supreme Court invalidated President Obama’s unlawful abuse of the President’s recess appointments power. President Obama ignored the plain text of the Constitution and attempted to make unilateral recess appointments—circumventing the checks and balances of confirmation—when the Senate was not, in fact, in recess. Today, a unanimous Court rightly rejected that presidential abuse of power.    This marks the twelfth time since January 2012 that the Supreme Court has unanimously rejected the Obama Administration’s calls for greater federal executive power.
Wishing #TeamUSA the best from the nation's capital! #USA #USAvsGermany
We have a humanitarian crisis on our border. We must enforce the rule of law and finally #SecureTheBorder!
Today I was joined by Senator John Barrasso and others to introduce legislation to make July 26 the National Day of the American Cowboy. First introduced by former Senator Craig Thomas, the ninth annual celebration will honor the tradition, spirit, and culture of cowboys in our state and country. Their reputation for honesty and hard work embody the way of life we in Wyoming strive for every day. The National Day of the American Cowboy is our way of acknowledging the contributions cowboys have made throughout history and the continued impact they have on our nation today.
The Senate Finance Committee began consideration today of a new proposal for funding the nation’s highways and bridges. Two years ago, during consideration of the same topic, a provision was snuck in that took away a large portion of Wyoming’s Abandoned Mine Land (AML) money. I have been working tirelessly ever since to get it back. Today I received commitments from both Chairman Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and Ranking Member Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, to resolve the AML issue after highlighting the importance of the millions owed to Wyoming. Click the video to watch a clip from today’s meeting.
The Supreme Court ruled 9-0 today that President Obama violated the Constitution when he appointed members of the National Labor Relations Board while the Senate was in session in 2012. This president has shown a high level of contempt for the Constitution anytime it gets in the way of his agenda. It’s refreshing to see the court take a unanimous stand against executive overreach. I hope we see more of this not only from the courts and Congress, but from the American people themselves.
Congratulations to Wyoming’s 2014 Congressional Award Gold Medal Winners.
When the government decides to censor and harass groups that have contrary political views, it is a serious matter. The IRS holds taxpayers accountable. It’s Congress’ job to hold the IRS accountable and that is what we are asking of those who control the Senate. We also are requesting emails from the Department of Justice, Department of the Treasury, and the Federal Election Commission that will help us fully understand the involvement the IRS had in targeting political groups. 
My letter with Sen. Dianne Feinstein and 40 other senators calling on Barack Obama to send a clear, personal message to those seeking entry to the U.S. illegally that they will not receive special treatment when it comes to enforcing our immigration laws. 
I’ll be on KLIN's Drive Time Lincoln with Kevin Thomas at 5:10pm CT to discuss the Supreme Court’s decision striking down the President’s unconstitutional recess appointments. Be sure to tune in!
Great seeing Ed & Kelly Christ today as they visit Washington, D.C. with their granddaughters.
Today the Supreme Court confirmed the President’s disregard for the law in January of 2012 when he skirted congress and made unconstitutional appointments. He took matters into his own hands and ignored the will of the people, much like he has done on a number of other issues during his Presidency from costly cap-and-trade regulations to the rollout of ObamaCare. Today's ruling serves as a reminder that the Constitution will always govern this land and must be respected, even by the President. 1.usa.gov/UMVgzo
Today’s #AdventuresInDairyland photo comes from a member of the Senator's staff who was driving in Westby, Wisconsin. In honor of #JuneDairyMonth, Sen. Johnson has launched an Instagram #photocontest ! Wisconsinites are encouraged to take a picture of a dairy farm in their area and to share it on the senator’s Instagram account using the hashtag #AdventuresInDairyland. The contestants with the most likes will get their photos displayed on the senator’s Instagram and Facebook pages and one lucky photographer will get her or his photo featured on Senator Johnson’s personal desk.
My daughter, Carey, gave me this picture on her wedding day last year in a frame etched with the following sentiment: ‘I’ve loved you since my heart was the size of a plum.’ For those of you who don't know Carey's story, she was born with a serious heart defect and was treated by wonderful health care professionals who saved her life by performing medical miracles during her first year of life.  Those doctors could do their life-saving work, and Carey’s mother, Jane, and I could access that care because we had the freedom to seek out the most advanced treatments.  We need to preserve that freedom and what is best within our health care system. – rj #TBT
Show your support & join me in congratulating U.S. Soccer on advancing to the knockout stage! #OneNationOneTeam #USA
Do you believe #USA is going to beat #GER? #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #USAvGER
Not every case in which the president has exceeded his authority has made it all the way to the Supreme Court. The fact that his track record is as bad as it is in the Supreme Court is yet another indication of the fact that we’ve got a president who is playing fast and loose with the Constitution.
I just came out of the Supreme Court where the justices determined in a 9-0 decision that President Obama violated the Constitution when he made recess appointments when the Senate wasn't in recess.  Here is why this decision should be important to all Americans. #scotus
Today I introduced an amendment to the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act that would cut the Department of Labor Secretary's budget if the Department failed to produce and make public required evaluations of taxpayer-funded programs.  The amendment was defeated as it only received 40 votes.  I am disappointed that we couldn't pass this good governance measure to ensure that programs we fund actually work.
Former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker was a true statesman who dedicated his extraordinary life to serving our country. From the South Pacific in World War II and the Watergate trial, to his leadership of the U.S. Senate and the Reagan White House, Senator Baker was an iconic political figure and remarkable American. I am honored to have met him. I wish to send my deepest sympathies to Howard’s wife, former Kansas Senator Nancy Kassebaum. I ask all Kansans to join me in keeping Senator Baker’s family and friends in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously overturned President Obama’s unconstitutional “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012. I joined my Senate colleagues in filing an amicus brief in the case. The Obama Administration has a bad habit of sidestepping Congress and ignoring the Constitution when they find it politically convenient. This decision by the Supreme Court puts both the U.S. Constitution and best interests of Americans first.  
I commend the Supreme Court's upholding of free speech today in McCullen v. Coakley. The right to protest peacefully is vital to our democracy. There is no greater purpose than standing for life and the most vulnerable among us.
Survive and Advance! Alaska's lunch hour plans are officially set for next Tuesday!  High Noon, Alaska time, the U.S. World Cup soccer team takes on its next opponent. Where will you watch?
Rhubarb surprise! I'm making rhubarb blueberry crisp tonight (with rhubarb fresh from my garden in Anchorage) for a treat for my interns. Tomorrow is my last day with our first session summer interns. They are enthusiastic young Alaskans from around the state who have been with me for a month. They have all been great ambassadors for our state as they meet people from around the country and learn the ins and outs of the US Senate. It has been great to get to know each of them: Nicole, Alphonso, Emily, Lindsay, Deirdre, Austin, Rachel, McKenzie, Michaela, and Maria. Thanks for working so hard as we serve Alaska!
Glad to be named a Great Lakes Task Force Vice-Chair. The Great Lakes are an invaluable economic and environmental resource to Ohio, and it’s crucial we’re actively working to protect them.
I urged for the overhaul of our corporate tax code on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning. We must ensure that America is the best place to do business. Watch the interview here. 
Let's go Team USA!! # IBelieveThatWeWillWin
It was wonderful to be with several generations of Kansas veterans at this morning's Honor Flight.
I took to the Senate floor today to call for a vote on our bill to block the EPA's attempt to regulate water on private lands including farm ponds, dry creek beds and ditches. For more on our bill, go here: http://goo.gl/hEqE2B
Rubio Comments On Obama Announcement To Seek Aid For Syrian Opposition: http://1.usa.gov/1miE0Yy  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s announcement to seek $500 million from Congress to aid members of the Syrian opposition:   “There should no longer be any question that what is happening in Syria directly impacts U.S. national security. The consequences of the Obama Administration’s inaction and inability to articulate and implement a coherent Syria strategy is now painfully evident across the Middle East, especially in Iraq, and now threatens U.S. partners such as Jordan.   “While I await the details of this announcement, I'm supportive of the President’s decision to seek $500 million in assistance to train and arm vetted, moderate rebels in Syria. This is long overdue and the U.S. must lead, with European and regional partners, in helping to develop a cadre of fighters who will alienate ISIL and al Nusra Islamic extremists, and take the fight directly to Bashar al-Assad.     “The current turmoil in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and elsewhere was foreseeable and the result of a rudderless foreign policy that has only contributed to endangering American interests and emboldening our enemies. We must act now to reverse this trend with a robust commitment on behalf of the Department of Defense and Department of State to tackle this problem while ensuring any weapons we provide do not end up in the wrong hands. We do not have any more time to waste.” 
Rubio On Venezuela Sanctions Legislation: Let’s Get This Done: http://1.usa.gov/VrKm2X  Rubio: “So we’re going to try to get this done one more time through unanimous approval, and we’re going to work over the next 10 days to hopefully get everyone’s support. But if we cannot do it that way, I hope we can schedule a vote on the Senate floor on this bill so we can go after and sanction those criminals in Venezuela who are stealing the money of the Venezuelan people, and using the strength and the power of that government to attack their own people.”
Today, Senator Sessions urged the Senate not to adjourn for recess but instead to take action to address the legal and humanitarian crisis on the border. Sessions asked for the Senate to take up and pass two bills: one to prevent companies from hiring illegal workers, the other to prevent those here illegally from receiving large taxpayer benefits. Sessions’ measure was blocked by Sen. Reid’s Majority, through Senator Dick Durbin. Sessions asked:   “They want to adjourn this chamber, go home to their barbecues, work on their reelection campaigns… How can any of us relax at an Independence Day barbecue next week knowing at this very moment the nation's sovereignty is being eroded?”
At approximately 3:00 p.m. CT today Sen. Sessions will make an important Senate announcement regarding the growing emergency on our border. You can watch live here:
Sen. Sessions made the following comments today in response to the Supreme Court’s unanimous ruling against unconstitutional executive appointments that bypass Congress:  “President Obama has circumvented Congress and ignored the Constitution whenever it is convenient for the implementation of his agenda. Today’s unanimous Supreme Court decision is a powerful repudiation of a White House that believes it is above the law.    The White House engaged in a clear, dramatic and willful violation of the Constitution’s ‘advice and consent’ clause. Any President who respected the limits of their constitutional power should be shamed by this unanimous rebuke from the Supreme Court.  The task ahead for Congress is to work each day to reassert its constitutional authority and to reign in an Executive Branch that seeks to make its own laws. This will not be possible merely by filing lawsuits: Congress must be willing to use its constitutional authority, including its appropriations powers, to protect the American people and the rule of law.”
I will be on Fox News with Greta Van Susteren at 7:10 tonight to talk about the Supreme Court's ruling that the President's NLRB appointments were unconstitutional. Be sure to tune in!
One half left! #IBelieve #WorldCup
The Supreme Court just confirmed what we have known for a long time: President Obama's "recess" appointments to the NLRB while the Senate was in session were unconstitutional.   Read my statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-supreme-court-decision-regarding-recess-appointments
My state director, Bob DeSousa, presented Harry L. Hage with the Purple Heart today. Harry earned it during his service in the Vietnam War, but it was never awarded to him. I'm very glad to be able to secure it for him. Thank you Harry.
Wasn’t how you’d script it, but a big congrats to the #USMNT on advancing in the #WorldCup.  #IBelieveThatWeWillWin
#USAvsGERMANY today! Good luck to U.S. Soccer & the #USMNT!  #Ibelievethatwewillwin #1n1t
President Obama’s blatant disregard for the separation of powers established by the Constitution is finally laid bare. No one, including the President, is above the law. I am pleased the Supreme Court has recognized this executive overreach.
