Touring Polartec's facility in Hudson today
During a forum today at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics, Stuart Bowen, Jr., the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction (SIGIR), praised bipartisan legislation introduced by U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) aimed at keeping U.S. taxpayer dollars out of the hands of America's enemies.
  
 As the "taxpayer's watchdog" in Iraq since 2004, Bowen has overseen more than $60 billion in U.S. contracting funds. In his remarks today, he praised Senator Ayotte's legislation as "common sense" and said it "plugs the holes" that exist in current law to help stop the flow of funds to bad actors.
 http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=960
Wrapping up several meetings in the Kansas City region today. Small business leaders and health care providers across Missouri have serious concerns about how President Obama’s health care takeover will impact the local economy and patient care.
We presented the Defense of Freedom medal to the family of John Deuley who was killed in Afghanistan in 2004 while working as a contractor.
A windy day in Twin Falls, but that did not stop our tour of the @Chobani plant—a fantastic facility!
Thanks to the Mini-Cassia Chamber of Commerce for having me. It was wonderful to visit with all of you.
We had a great discussion this morning at the Traumatic Brain Injury Summit on the campus of Idaho State University. This was Idaho’s first major forum on TBI injuries and treatment.
Are you on Instagram? You can follow my account by clicking the link, or by searching “Mike Crapo” within the Instagram application on the iPhone, iPad or Android devices.
Just arrived back home in Idaho Falls after speaking at the Field of Heroes closing ceremony at Century High School in Pocatello.  The event was a great way to remember and honor the service of our military members who have given so much for this great country.  Thanks to all those involved in this event.
Enjoyed touring Texas A&M Corpus Christi business innovation center:
Cornyn Set to Tour TAMU-CC Business Innovation Center:
Cornyn: "US Atty. Machen is a far cry from the beacon of independence and impartiality that...this investigation demands:"   http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/05/24/us-attorney-ally-leak-probes/#ixzz2UbD3BvVy
Sen. Grassley in USA Today:"The truth is, President Obama has nominated people for fewer than 30% of the vacant judgeships in the federal courts: 55 of 79 vacancies have no nominee. Only eight of 32 judicial emergency vacancies have a nominee. We can't act on nominations that haven't been made."
Texas State University demographer Dr. Lloyd Potter: 85% of Texans live within a short drive of I-35.
Texas State University demographer Dr. Lloyd Potter estimates there are one point six million Texans who are undocumented workers.
A majority of Americans want to repeal Obamacare.   LIKE if you are one of them!
Advice to my grandkids tip #4: It doesn't matter if you are a doctor or a lawyer or a ditch-digger – whatever you choose to do, do it so well people associate the good work with your name.  That’s a Mike Enzi ditch.
Thank you for helping me reach 1,000 “Likes” on Facebook! Hearing from Nebraskans is the most important part of my job, and I value the feedback I receive from all constituents through social media. Please help me spread the word to more Nebraskans by “sharing” this page as an additional way to stay updated on my activity in the state and in Washington. I look forward to continuing the conversation with all of you!
NA
Will be speaking with Fox News Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10:30 pm about the latest on Benghazi investigation.
On the way to Spartanburg to address the Rotary Club.
Grassley:  U.S. Air Force Academy Selects Waterloo Youth
Pleased to join Rep Joe Heck, Congresswoman Dina Titus, and Congressman Steven Horsford for Memorial Day events. Photo via KTNV Channel 13 Action News.
I spent Memorial Day with my fellow Nevadans paying tribute to all of Nevada's heroes. It was an extraordinary opportunity to show our gratitude for the sacrifices made by our nation’s military men and women. These American heroes set aside their individual needs and personal ambitions so that their fellow Americans could live in peace, safety, and security. While today we honored the memory of our fallen servicemembers, we must never forget their families, friends, and loved ones for their extraordinary sacrifices as well.
 
 As today comes to a close, let us be grateful for the sacrifices made by all of our men and women in uniform. Thank you to our veterans and military men and women for your service and everything you have given to this great nation. 
 http://1.usa.gov/1ar066j
“This Memorial Day, we set aside time to remember and pay tribute to our military, the men and women who risk life and limb in the service of our nation with courage, devotion and dignity. We gather at ceremonies in small towns and big cities all across the nation to express the admiration and gratitude we share for the members of our armed services.   “This year, we recall in particular Sgt. 1st Class Darren Linde and Spc. Tyler Orgaard, who made the ultimate sacrifice this past December serving in Afghanistan, and we also remember Spc. Ian Placek, who was injured in the same incident. We thank you and we continue to keep you and all of our wounded veterans in our thoughts and we pray for your recovery.”
I hope you have all had an enjoyable weekend. May we remember those who have died in service to our nation on this Memorial Day as well as family members and friends who have past away.  I also think we would do well to spend some time remembering the principles, freedoms and liberties so many have fought to defend.  By taking a few moments to properly remember and revere those who have “given the last full measure of true devotion,” we may just remember what unites us as a nation.
As tornado threats continue in NE Kansas, I urge Kansans to use caution and be aware of issued watches and warnings. http://1.usa.gov/10ysa6G
Tomorrow morning at 7:35 a.m. CT I'll be discussing the Farm Bill and immigration with KBUF Ag and Information Leader's Lory Williams. I hope you'll tune in.
It was great to join Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, Governor Sam Brownback, Sen. Pat Roberts, Rep. Lynn Jenkins and Congressman Tim Huelskamp (KS-1) today in Manhattan to celebrate the groundbreaking of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility’s Central Utilities Plant (CUP). Construction of the CUP is a step in the right direction to make certain the United States is protected from foreign animal disease threats.
I’m relieved to hear no serious injuries were reported after at least four tornadoes touched down near Marysville last night. Thank you to the emergency responders who are continuing to assist Kansans who were affected.
A beautiful day for a boat ride from Kodiak to Ouzinkie. Can't wait to get out on the water!
Learning a bit about Alaska's crab species at the new Alaska Dept. of Fish and Game building in Kodiak - it's 4 times the size of their old building and absolutely beautiful!
Meeting with Native leaders from all around Kodiak - the big issue they're hearing about from tribal members is the Affordable Care Act and how it will impact their families.
Just landed on Kodiak and I am looking forward to spending the next few days in the community and others around the island like Port Lions and Ouzinkie.
Commerce Department must defend Ohio-based companies from illegal Chinese trade practices.
It was fun to meet & congratulate some of the newest Junior Rangers at Cuyahoga Valley National Park yesterday. More info about the program here:
In case you missed it: I appeared on ABC's This Week with George Stephanopoulos where I raised the question, "Is President Obama losing the moral authority to lead our nation?"  Click here to watch my entire interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ze4I5jOIuY
Had the opportunity to chat about the Farm Bill and NBAF with KSN's John Jenkinson this afternoon. Tune in at 12:30pm tomorrow to check out our conversation.
After last night's tornado in Marysville I am glad all are safe. There was considerable damage to property, so remember to take warnings seriously as more severe weather is predicted.
Breaking ground at NBAF with Governor Brownback, @jerrymoran, @replynnjenkins and @conghuelskamp
NA
In Greenville today for the launch of Silent Tears - proud to be a part of this important initiative to stand up for those who need it.
 
 Read more: http://www.greenvilleonline.com/article/20130528/NEWS06/305280057/New-ideas-offered-fight-against-child-sex-abuse
With the editorial board of the Centre Daily Times.
It was great to meet with the Juniata Valley Chamber of Commerce in Lewistown's historic courthouse. Thanks to all for joining in the conversation.
Glad to be able to meet with the PA Community Bankers Association in Mifflintown in Juniata County. Bankers from Mifflin, Snyder, Perry and Juniata Counties were all present.
