Sen. Alexander made the following statement on the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King, Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech:  “On that August day 50 years ago, I was a law student and summer intern in the U.S. Department of Justice. I found a spot at the back of the crowd gathered on the Washington Mall. I can still hear King's booming voice and the cadences of his speech. I especially remember the power of ‘not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.’ This was a time of sit-ins and civil rights marches in the South. Even some major universities were just beginning to end segregation by race. During 50 years so much has changed, but his words are important words to remember today." http://1.usa.gov/1493Dn1
It’s clear the administration’s policies regarding Syria have not worked. The president is the one who drew the so-called red line. And if the response isn’t adequate, we run the risk of sending the wrong message to the region – particularly to Iran. Troops on the ground would be a mistake, and measures that achieve no real results would also be a mistake.
On the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s March on Washington, we are reminded of the sacrifices made by so many to ensure justice and equality for all Americans.
The United States and our NATO allies must send a clear message to the Syrian regime and others in the region that there will be consequences for the use or spread of chemical weapons.   http://1.usa.gov/19NDtL3
This day in history: 50 years ago more than 200,000 people listened as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his "I Have a Dream" speech in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. His words endure today and continue to inspire us. #mlkdream50
I'm looking forward to sitting down with Greta Van Susteren on FOX News tonight at 10:30 pm (ET) 8:30 pm (MT) to talk about the latest Obamacare delay.
Many of you are asking my thoughts on Syria.  Syria is a difficult and tragic situation and one that I continue to monitor.  U.S. involvement in Syria must be consistent with protecting our national security interests.  It is paramount that the President engage in a full dialogue with the American people and with Congress before taking any action.
Fifty years ago today, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. gave his famous “I Have a Dream” speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., and forever changed the course of our nation’s history.  Take a moment today to listen to these powerful words.
Austin #1
FACT: Obamacare encourages health care service venture investment to move overseas.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
A real honor to join the American Legion National Convention this afternoon. Our service men and women do not check their constitutional rights at the door when they step forward to defend us.
Recently, I sat down with Tracee Davis of the Sheridan Press and talked about my concerns over the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). This agency can look into your financial records without asking and there is no way to opt out. We have already seen the sort of privacy invasions that can occur when the government’s ability to collect information on American citizens goes unchecked. Congress has less control over the CFPB than the NSA. Click the link below to hear my other thoughts on the topic.
NA
Fifty years later, the March on Washington and bold leadership of Martin Luther King Jr. inspire us to continue the fight for individual liberty and equal opportunity for all. Today, we honor their dedication to these values and the spirit of those Americans who gathered to create a "more perfect union."
Spirit Lake Town Hall 128 ppl Topics-immigr,Syria, Obamacare, deficit,NSA, UNGunTreaty,sequestration, KeystonePipeline, ExecOrders, FarmBill
Sibley Ocheyedan HS - More Topics-religion in school, guns, Common Core, Social Security, work with President, History Channel 2of2
Sibley Ocheyedan HS 80 ppl Topics-FFA, Syria, gas prices, Keystone Pipeline, immigration, tuition, debt, same sex marriage 1of2
Rock Rapids Town Hall 55 ppl Topics-hospital rules, Obamacare/Congress, min wage, immig, RFS, Lewis&Clark, housing, FarmBill, trade, Syria
Good tour and TownHall-124ppl-Link Mfg-Sioux Center. Topics-KeystonePipeline, Lewis&Clark, Obamacare, UN GunTreaty, immig, Welfare, debt,NSA
Le Mars Town Hall 87 ppl Topics-Obamacare/Congress, COOL, credit unions, energy regs, NSA, debt, Syria, farm bill
What we are seeing in Syria is abominable as thousands upon thousands of innocent children and families are being murdered while millions more are being driven from their homes. Today I told the Administration that I cannot support military action in Syria unless the President presents to Congress his broader strategy in the region that addresses our national security interests and the budget to support it. President Obama has decimated our military beginning with his first budget four and a half years ago. He has underfunded overseas contingency operations (OCO) fund, reduced base defense budget, and put into motion sequestration. Our military has no money left. Will the President pay for this operation with more furloughs and by grounding squadrons again? By continuing to raid the already underfunded base defense budget, the Administration Obama further undermines future military readiness and capabilities.   The United States should also not consider a strategy without thoroughly consulting and heeding the advice of our partners in the region, which include Israel, Jordan and Turkey. It is vital we avoid shortsighted military action that would have little impact on the long-term trajectory of the conflict.  We can’t simply launch a few missiles and hope for the best.   We must not forget this President has put us on the brink of a hollowed force. Our troops are stretched thin, the defense budget has been slashed to historic levels, and we are facing an unprecedented time of unrest across the Middle East amid growing concerns about Iran’s influence on the region and its nuclear ambitions. No red line should have been drawn without the strategy and funding to support it.
Meeting with #Rockford officials and area law enforcement to discuss ways to combat violent crime in Winnebago County.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=848
Reflecting on the importance of the Lincoln-Douglas debates in #Freeport - the site of the second debate on this day in 1858.
I am expecting another great town hall meeting tonight in Farmington.  Here is the information if you would like to attend.
I believe the situation in Syria is not an imminent threat to American national security and, therefore, I do not support military intervention.  Before taking action, the president should first come present his plan to Congress outlining the approach, cost, objectives, and timeline, and get authorization from Congress for his proposal.
The 50th Anniversary of Martin Luther King, Jr.’s March on Washington is a time to celebrate that we live in a nation where democracy rules and where our children and grandchildren can achieve the American Dream.
Congrats to Lenexa, Kansas, for recently being named the 2013 Google eCity for our state. Google worked with an independent market research company to determine which city in each state across the country is best embracing online technology and has the strongest online business community. Through the web, businesses in Lenexa are finding new customers, connecting with existing clients and fueling the local economy.
 
 http://www.google.com/economicimpact/ecities/
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: Monitoring veterans' treatment at Walter Reed Medical Center, meeting with Leadership Kansas in KCK, visiting Kansas Cadets at the US Air Force Academy (Official), traveling across Northwest Kansas, and more.
My first Fair food this year: the best Gyros ever!
Here at the Wasilla Food Pantry, they are serving 3,900 people a month - not even including the 19 other food pantries in the area they distribute food to.  That's a substantial increase from just 6 months ago, and with winter is on its way even more Alaskans will need a helping hand.
I am spending the morning at Wasilla Middle School talking to students about their educational future, and state and federal issues.  One of the top things on their minds: how to better use technology in their classrooms to prepare for the job market.
In the 50 years since Dr. King’s “I Have a Dream” speech inspired a nation much progress has been made, yet there is more to do, together. Let us continue to build on his legacy and his advocacy of equality and opportunity.
Jane visited Flying Horse Farms in Mt. Gilead today. Impressive camp that has amazing impact on kids with illnesses & disabilities.
Senator Barack Obama in 2007: President of the United States lacks Constitutional authority to unilaterally authorize military attack w/out “actual or imminent threat to nation.”   http://bo.st/6sTzx
NA
Here is my statement today regarding reports of potential military action by the Obama Administration in Syria:  "The United States should condemn the use of chemical weapons. We should ascertain who used the weapons and we should have an open debate in Congress over whether the situation warrants U.S. involvement. The Constitution grants the power to declare war to Congress not the President."   "The war in Syria has no clear national security connection to the United States and victory by either side will not necessarily bring in to power people friendly to the United States."
Its always positive and challenging to interview with Ralph Hipp, the popular and experienced News Director at WIBW. Ralph, thanks for taking the time to discuss the issues with me today.
Rubio Marks March on Washington's 50th Anniversary in TIME Magazine: http://1.usa.gov/15grxU1  Keeping Our Promise  By Senator Marco Rubio  Time Magazine  August 26, 2013 Edition  Online by Subscription Only: http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,2149602,00.html  A half-century has passed since Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. stood on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial to awaken our nation’s conscience. His vision was simple yet profound: that America must fulfill the promise made in her founding documents by allowing every citizen to access their God-given rights.   Dr. King helped bring hope to men and women of all backgrounds who wished to contribute to American exceptionalism. That included immigrants like my parents, who made a new life here after coming from Cuba. They immigrated in 1956—the year Dr. King led the Montgomery bus boycott—and raised my siblings and me in the wake of his legacy, telling us our dreams were possible regardless of the circumstances of our births.   I have taken my own children to the Lincoln Memorial, and shown them where Dr. King spoke to the unfulfilled promise of our nation. Standing in that place, I was filled with pride to know my children live in a nation where the cultural landscape is dramatically different from the one that Dr. King saw just 50 years before.   Dr. King reminded us that opportunity and freedom are American ideals, belonging to no singular demographic. His message and legacy must live all around us, and his dream must continue to lead us as we move toward America’s brightest days.
My op-ed in The State on the 50th anniversary of the #MarchOnWashington.   http://www.thestate.com/2013/08/28/2945100/sen-tim-scott-march-on-washington.html
Joining Fox&Friends at 7:15 this morning, make sure to tune in!
At my town hall in DuBois in Clearfield County.
NA
Great to chat with some Clarion University Volleyball players here in the Eagle common dining hall. We spoke just after my lunch with Clarion University of Pennsylvania president Karen Whitney.
Regarding Syria: It appears to be an established fact that Assad has used chemical weapons repeatedly in an indiscriminate slaughter of his own civilians. These weapons and his behavior pose a national security risk to the U.S. This calls for an American response, being mindful to avoid a long-term military engagement in the Syrian civil war.  The President must explain to Congress and the American people the objectives and risks of any action.
Thanks to Captain Rick Iuliucci and his team at Vane Brothers for showing my Southeast Director Mitch Vidovich around their Delaware River operation on Monday and for talking with him about the issues affecting the maritime community in Philadelphia. I have been a big proponent of the Delaware River dredging project which will make our region more competitive internationally.
50 years ago today, thousands converged on DC.  It was the largest demonstration at the time.  Today, it is remembered as the most effective.   It’s worth watching Dr. King’s speech in its entirety.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UV1fs8lAbg
This morning, with business owners and job creators in Venango County. Great to be in northwestern PA again.
I agree.  http://www.lehighvalleylive.com/opinion/index.ssf/2013/08/editorial_congress_needs_to_fi.html
A Sept. 30, 2013, application deadline has been set for students who want to be one of the two Mississippi high school students who will represent the state at the 52st annual USSYP Washington Week, March 8-15 in Washington D.C.  High school seniors or juniors involved in student government at public or private schools are eligible for the week-long program.  The selection process is based, in part, on academic achievement, leadership capabilities and public service.   “This exceptional learning experience brings together students from all over the country to help build leadership skills and a commitment to public service,” Wicker said. “It also provides Mississippi students with the opportunity to see firsthand how the U.S. Senate and federal government functions.”
Enjoyed spending time with the William Carey University Ambassadors and Miss Mississippi
