Senator Ayotte today applauded Senate passage of bipartisan legislation she helped introduce that would reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) - the landmark law aimed at preventing domestic and sexual violence and helping victims. She also pledged to continue her efforts to ensure that the Defense Department takes the necessary steps to improve care for servicewomen who are victims of sexual assault.
NA
I strongly believe we must protect victims of domestic abuse and violence, which is why I voted for Senator Grassley’s VAWA reauthorization bill. Unfortunately, the bill the Senate considered today has been politicized and includes elements that are irrelevant to the core purposes of VAWA, including an unconstitutional provision related to tribal courts.
Watch my questions for Deputy Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and the Joint Chiefs of Staff at today’s Armed Services Committee hearing about how the looming sequestration cuts will impact jobs in Missouri and nationwide.
Tonight President Obama delivers the State of the Union. What issues do you want him to talk about? I'll be talking to KASU about what I think is important for him to discuss. You can listen to our interview beginning at 8:18 a.m. central.
I'll join Jon Scott on FOX News at about 12:10 pm (ET) 10:10 am (MT) to talk about my Washington Times Op-Ed previewing tonight’s SOTU speech.
I wrote in the Washington Times today about how the President’s SOTU speech tonight should focus on jobs and putting Americans back to work. He should also use it as an opportunity to lay out a plan for a responsible budget, tax reform, cutting red tape and approving the Keystone XL pipeline.
North Korea’s provocative nuclear test is the latest reminder of the consequences of allowing rogue nations to develop the world’s most destructive weapons. For years, successive U.S. administrations called a North Korean nuclear weapon unacceptable, the same words used today to describe an Iranian nuclear weapon. If we repeat the mistakes of the past, the brinksmanship we are witnessing on the Korean Peninsula will replicate and multiply in the Middle East, a region already stretching the limits of security.
While jobs and the economy received barely a passing mention in his second inaugural address, I hope President Obama will focus on specific ways he will work with Congress to fix our nation’s fiscal house so we can strengthen our economy and help Americans get back to work.
News Release: The U.S. Senate has passed the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) and I join Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) in commending the passage of this bipartisan bill, co-sponsored by 62 Senators.  For nearly two decades, VAWA has served as the centerpiece of our nation’s commitment to end domestic, dating and sexual violence, and if we can help prevent even one instance of domestic violence, then our work has been worthwhile.  I commend my colleagues and again state my commitment to work with the U.S. House to get VAWA to the President’s desk.
We currently spend $1.6 trillion on Social Security and health spending, but the Congressional Budget Office projects an increase to $3.2 trillion a year over the next decade that will only cause our national debt to rise faster.  If we do not reform these serious drivers of our debt to protect the current generation, these programs will be unsustainable for our children and grandchildren.
PHOTO: Great meeting with Bell County DA Henry Garza today:
Cornyn Statement on Violence Against Women Act:
Heritage Action on Cornyn Amendment to VAWA:
Former Texas State Representative Suzanna Hupp, testifying before Senate Judiciary Committee, will share her tragic personal experience with gun violence and will offer her, surprising to some, suggestions for improving public safety.
VIDEO: Cornyn: The President's Past State of the Unions Offer Unfulfilled Promises:
Will be on the Mark Davis Show at 7:33am CT to preview the State of the Union. Listen in if you can:
Will POTUS propose US nuclear weapon cuts the day after North Korea conducts another nuke test?
The Texas Jobs Machine
VIDEO: Past State of the Union Addresses Offer a Series of Unfulfilled Promises:
Senator Corker said he hopes President Obama will focus on fiscal issues when he delivers his State of the Union address tonight. "I think President Obama’s agenda should be one line: get our fiscal house in order. Two weekends ago I was in Munich with our allies and their greatest concern for our country is whether we’re going to have the courage and the will to put our fiscal house in order. It’s the number one national security issue, the number one economic security issue, and the number one issue that’s going to affect the quality of life of future generations," said Corker. "In order to honor the commitments that we have made to seniors, we have to reform Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. I hope the president tonight will move beyond platitudes – there’s been a lot of that over the last several years – and move to specifics to save these programs. If we can put these issues in the rearview mirror, our nation can begin putting all of our energies toward doing those things that will continue to make this the greatest nation on earth." http://bit.ly/WGUcuT
Statement regarding my VAWA vote, which defends states' jurisdiction over criminal law.
One of the largest straw purchasers we have seen in recent years was, sadly, the United States of America in the Fast and Furious program, which sent thousands of firearms -- deliberately allowed them to go into the hands of violent drug cartels -- which in turn were used to murder hundreds of innocent citizens in Mexico and at least one federal law enforcement officer.
Today I joined some of my colleagues to introduce legislation that would place a hard cap on the farm payments an individual farmer can receive in a year and close long-abused and well-documented loopholes in the farm payment program. Click on the link to read more.
I am concerned that our nation is on an unsustainable fiscal path. A recent Congressional Budget Office report makes it clear that while we might see a short-term reduction in deficits, the long-term outlook is far from positive. We need to take steps now – reforming our entitlement programs and our broken tax code. I spoke with Dr. Elmendorf, Director of the Congressional Budget Office at a Budget Committee Hearing today. Click the link below to see part of the exchange.
NA
At 10 am this morning, a Senate Judiciary Subcommittee will hold another hearing on gun control.
Grassley, Johnson, Enzi, Brown Push for Legitimate Farm Payment Limits
SEC’s Revolving Door Blurs Line Between Regulator and Industry
Corporate wrongdoing should not be tax deductible
Proud to vote for VAWA. This bill provides much-needed help to those affected by domestic abuse. http://1.usa.gov/14QKsjA
Thanks DREAM Big Vegas for stopping by the office to discuss immigration reform.
On FOX America's Newsroom this morning, I reiterated my request for a 60 vote threshold to confirm Sen. Hagel as Secretary of Defense.   The Joint Chiefs of Staff testified this morning that the United States is currently facing more national security threats than ever before. The role of Secretary of Defense will be critical to maintaining a national defense that does not leave the U.S. vulnerable to countries like Iran or North Korea. It is not too much to ask that the incoming Secretary of Defense be confirmed with 60 votes rather than 51. This has been done numerous times in the recent past, and no time could be more important than now. I hope Majority Leader Reid will understand just how important this is and require 60-votes for confirming Sen. Hagel as Secretary of Defense.  http://bit.ly/V3Jxf8
I'll be on FOX America's Newsroom at 8:15AM CST to give the latest update on the Sec Def nomination of Hagel.
I invite you to read my blog post about ending violence against women.
McConnell on SOTU: Will the President have a serious plan tonight—or just another campaign speech?  ‘I also hope the President will use the big stage he’ll have tonight to finally level with the American people about the consequences of ObamaCare. They deserve to know what’s about to hit them – the cost increases, the premium hikes, the taxes. And they deserve to know that not only may they not be able to keep the health plan they like, but that CBO tells us there will also be fewer jobs. I know those things won’t be easy for him to say. But that’s what it means to be a statesman; to be honest with the people you represent; to admit when something doesn’t turn out the way you said it would.’
The Violence Against Women Act just passed the Senate by a vote of 78-22.  I am so glad my fellow Senators agreed in a bipartisan way to say “yes” to this important piece of legislation!
The Violence Against Women Act saves lives & you don’t give up when the cause is right.  I have heard from Alaskans across the state about how important this bill is, and today, I urged my Senate colleagues to vote “yea” on VAWA.
Reports say the President plans to refocus on job creation and economic growth tonight.  While I wonder why he’d lose focus on these issues to begin with, it is worthy of debate.  What do you think is the best way to grow our economy and create jobs?  
2 big wins for the Senate Caucus to End Human Trafficking -- passing our amendment to VAWA & reauthorization of TVPA
Rare 100-0 vote on Senate Floor. Great to see the strong support for my amendment to VAWA in effort to stop human trafficking.
"Washington acts in a way that your family never could – they spend money they do not have, they borrow from future generations, and then they blame each other for never fixing the problem."
"Not only should the sequester stand, many pundits say the sequester really needs to be at least $4 trillion to avoid another downgrade of America's credit rating. Both parties will have to agree to cut, or we will never fix our fiscal mess"
More from the Tea Party response I will be giving at 10:30 p.m. ET:  "Both parties have been guilty of spending too much, of protecting their sacred cows, of backroom deals in which everyone up here wins, but every taxpayer loses. It is time for a new bipartisan consensus. It is time Democrats admit that not every dollar spent on domestic programs is sacred. And it is time Republicans realize that military spending is not immune to waste and fraud."
An excerpt from tonight's Tea Party response to the State of the Union:   "We are the party that embraces hard work and ingenuity, therefore we must be the party that embraces the immigrant who wants to come to America for a better future. We must be the party who sees immigrants as assets, not liabilities. We must be the party that says, 'If you want to work, if you want to become an American, we welcome you."
Tonight I will be delivering the Tea Party response to the President's State of the Union Address. You can watch it live online here around 10:30 p.m. ET: www.teapartyexpress.org
Ready for the Sunflower Showdown tonight. This could get interesting.....Will it be the Wildcats or the Jayhawks?
You can watch Senator Rubio give the Republican response to the State of the Union online. He’ll be speaking around 10:15pm EST http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN/
If you’re on Twitter, make sure you’re following @SenRubioPress. Our press team will be live tweeting Senator Rubio’s State of the Union response there. Make sure to share this with your friends & use #GOPResponse in your tweets tonight!
Sessions sent a letter to Office of Management and Budget Acting Director Jeffrey Zients after Zients replied to a letter regarding Jack Lew’s role in the Administration’s four-year refusal to comply with a law requiring legislation to shore up Medicare’s finances:  “In order to properly consider Mr. Lew’s nomination, Congress will need documents pertaining to his role in the violation of this law, as well as a concrete legislative proposal that brings the Administration into legal compliance. Failure to do so could make it difficult for Mr. Lew’s nomination to move forward.”
Kris & I welcome PA state Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams to D.C. tonight. Tony is my guest for tonight's State of the Union, a friend, and a hardworking legislator for Philadelphia and Delco.
I’m pleased Sen. Bob Casey will also be on the Senate Finance Committee and looking forward to working together for all of Pennsylvania.
Well look who came by the office today!
I just voted 'yes' on final passage for the Violence Against Women Act.
Happy Fastnacht Day, Pennsylvania. Local bakeries are ready to help you celebrate Fat Tuesday in the Pennsylvania Dutch way. Enjoy.
"With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in." Happy birthday, President Lincoln.
Members of West Lake Fire Department conducted training exercises with the Coast Guard last weekend. I was happy to write a letter on behalf of their grant application to enhance water rescue in the region. Thanks for the photos and thanks for all you do to keep Erie families safe.
At a Budget hearing, the Cong. Budget Office Dir. told me they cannot score Pres Obama's plan to avert sequestration because it's just a speech.  Watch it here: http://alturl.com/zv5n2
