Vietnam Veterans Welcome Home Ceremony
WSJ: Among the 10 fastest-growing metro areas last year were Raleigh, Austin, Las Vegas, Orlando, Charlotte, Phoenix, Houston, San Antonio and Dallas. All of these are in low-tax, business-friendly red states. Blue-state areas such as Cleveland, Detroit, Buffalo, Providence and Rochester were among the biggest population losers.
ICYMI: US economy grew a pitiful 0.4% in the second quarter, held back by bad policy choices in D.C. and uncertainty.
More head scratching over Kim Jong Un's choice of targets, including Austin
Lincoln has been named the top US city for well-being. No surprise for us in Nebraska. Nebraskans are truly living 'The Good Life.' http://bit.ly/Ydcqoq
Like many Nebraskans, I'm concerned about recent developments w/ the UN Arms Trade Treaty. With Iran, Syria, and North Korea asserting they have no intention of abiding by the terms of the treaty, it is clearer than ever that we have nothing to gain from this flawed international pact. That's why I support S. Con. Res. 7 – a bipartisan resolution with 33 cosponsors that makes it clear the Arms Trade Treaty undermines Constitutional freedoms of American gun owners should not be ratified by the Senate.
In this video clip I further explain my reasoning for opposing the gun control measures that have been introduced in the Senate.    The point I make in this statement about universal background checks is important.  A universal background check system cannot fully function without a national gun registry.  The federal government has no business creating massive surveillance programs to monitor how Americans choose to exercise their Constitutionally guaranteed rights.  The federal government has no business monitoring where and how often you go to church.  It has no business monitoring what books, magazines, and newspapers you read.  It also has no business monitoring the lawful exercise of your 2nd Amendment rights.  The Constitution was written to maximize the convenience of government.  It was written to protect individual liberty.
Despite having only seven players on their roster, the K-State Women's Basketball Team is advancing to the WNIT Final Four. Congrats, Wildcats!
This afternoon, Robba and I are cheering on the K-State Women's Basketball Team at Bramlage Coliseum. Good luck to Coach Patterson and the team—a win will mean advancing to the WNIT Final Four.
I had a blast at Central Middle School in Anchorage today!  I was there for the 90% by 2020 initiative and I talked to the kids about the importance of graduating high school- then they taught me a few things on the basketball court.
Today, Ohio commemorates Vietnam Veterans Day. To all vets, thank you for your service.
First half looking good so far! Let's go Shockers!
Tough loss. Jayhawks will be back. They made Kansas proud this season.
Senator Rubio Calls For Open And Transparent Consideration Of Immigration Legislation
