NA
Raining in Austin; we never complain about rain
Senator Corker will discuss the crisis in Ukraine tomorrow morning on Fox News Sunday. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm. 
More than 300 Christians arrested in Iran for their faith since 2010.  This is not "moderation." #savesaeed
It was almost like the Senate was operating as it was intended to when this week senators were offering amendments on the floor and voting. Unfortunately that has been the exception and not the rule for years now. I’m pleased to join Senator Grassley and cosponsor his Stop Cloture Abuse Resolution (SCAR). This would help ensure senators are able to represent their constituents and not rely on the whim of the majority leader. Cloture is designed to bring debate to a close after a supermajority of the Senate is satisfied that a matter has received adequate consideration. What has been happening is that the majority leader is filing cloture immediately without any debate, let alone any amendments being offered. Senator Grassley’s proposal would prohibit filing cloture until at least 24 hours of debate. It seems like a small change, but it could have a large, positive result.
ICYMI: My thoughts on how America can best to address Russia's aggression in Ukraine in today's NYT:
This morning, I continued my statewide listening tour in Hays at the Center for Health Improvement. It was great to be back in Hays, and I enjoyed visiting with nearly 40 area residents and friends about a number of issues including access to health care in rural Kansas, the VA claims backlog, aviation and government spending. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
Since I'm back home, I'm enjoying March Madness, Alaska style.  I got to watch a great game today between the King Cove T-Jacks and the Wainwright Huskies -- Huskies won by one point in the final seconds!
Heading to Fairbanks for the Arctic Winter Games. First flight on the new Q400. Love the look!
Thousands of Alaskans are still coming to terms with the injustices within the Justice Department’s treatment of Ted Stevens. Americans pledge to seek and protect ‘Liberty and Justice for all,’ not ‘Liberty and Justice for Most,’ -- and those enforcing the law themselves cannot break the rules to get convictions; everyone in America must be held equally accountable.  I’m proud to co-sponsor the Inspector General Empowerment Act because it does just that: 
Critical that we close the skills gap in Ohio. Visited RAMTEC & Tri-Rivers Career Center in Marion today to discuss job-training.
In Kenton today to visit International Paper. Excited about their expansion that will create 120 new jobs here.
What an idyllic place for our last town hall of the day. Lebanon, KS, the geographic center of the US.
Singing our state song in front of the cabin it was written in. A big thanks to El Dean Holthus and the folks in  the Smith County who worked so hard to restore this important historical site.
What a great visit to the Home On The Range Cabin. Our state motto as well as our state song certainly ring true here. Ad Astra per Aspera - to the stars through difficulty. Our ancestors handled a lot of difficulty, and Kansans today, following their lead, are as tough as ever.
On my way to the Home on the Range Cabin with Smith Center mayor Trey Joy. Dr. Brewster Higley wrote our state song in the cabin in 1871.
2nd town hall of the day in beautiful Osborne, KS. Great discussion on Keystone pipeline, regs, and of course our three Kansas basketball teams.
Great town hall meeting this morning in Stockton with the KS Farm Bureau, KS Rep Travis Coture-Lovelady, and KS Senator Elaine Bowers. We had a great discussion about the EPA, Obamacare, the IRS investigation, and the Farm Bill.
