On the twelfth anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Sen. Alexander said: “Now 12 years after the tragic attacks of Sept. 11, we still mourn those we lost that day, and we honor the fighting men and women who have made sacrifices on our behalf since. One good way to remember Sept. 11 is an idea I call ‘Pledge plus Three’: Start each school day with the Pledge of Allegiance—as many schools still do—followed by a teacher or student sharing for three minutes ‘what it means to be an American.’ This would help put back into its rightful place the teaching of U.S. history in our schools so that every child grows up knowing what it means to be an American, which is especially important on Sept. 11.” http://1.usa.gov/1aCgKFL
One year since the Benghazi attack, Senator Ayotte is demanding answers from the president of Libya and FBI Director James Comey following reports that the Libyan government has not fully cooperated with efforts to arrest the suspects in the attack who remain on the loose.  Click the link below to read the letters she sent today with Senator Graham.
Moments ago, Senator Ayotte joined colleagues on the steps of the U.S. Capitol for a special 9/11 remembrance ceremony.
NA
Today we remember those we lost 12 years ago on September 11, 2001 - including the brave first responders who gave their lives.  They and their families remain in our hearts and we will never forget.  We also honor the memory of Ambassador Chris Stevens, Tyrone Woods, Glen Doherty, and Sean Smith, who were killed in the Benghazi attack one year ago today - we must bring to justice the terrorists responsible for their deaths. #NeverForget
I was honored to spend time with Kansas City veterans visiting their WWII Memorial. We are forever grateful for the sacrifices these heroes made to protect our freedoms.
On this day and every day, let us never forget the innocent victims -- as well as their families and friends -- who sacrificed so much on 9/11.  Twelve years later, we still live in a dangerous world with enemies who wish us harm. We were reminded of this just one year ago, when four Americans were killed during a deadly terrorist attack in Benghazi.  We're forever grateful to our men and women in uniform and our intelligence professionals who work tirelessly each and every day to keep us safe from another attack.
Over the past two years, Bashar al-Assad has brutally murdered over 100,000 of his own people and has used chemical weapons 12 times, with the loss of civilian life increasing with each attack and the latest culminating in the death of over 400 children. These facts are indisputable and demonstrate the serious threat that these weapons of mass destruction pose to the security of the region and the world. It is my preference to see this situation end diplomatically. However, that requires the threat of military action moving the international community to pressure Assad to accept a certifiable and enforceable solution. Should these efforts fail, the United States must be prepared to take necessary, punitive military action against the Syrian regime to protect our long-term security and send the message to the world that the use of these weapons will not be tolerated.
Today marks a solemn day for our nation as we remember with great sadness the many precious lives we lost in the attacks of September 11, 2001. The perpetrators of those senseless acts of violence sought to challenge our freedoms and tear down our way of life, but were instead met with the strength of our resolve, our capacity to care, and commitment to each other.  This anniversary, we must tragically open our hearts for four more souls. Chris Stevens, Glen Doherty, Sean Smith and Tyrone Woods were taken from us during the attack on our embassy in Benghazi last year and we will never forget their bravery and service to our nation.  We will never forget those who died and the survivors, but let us also always remember the heroes and those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our safety and freedoms since that fateful morning.
President Obama has already delayed several key provisions of Obamacare. Now it appears that the administration is seriously considering moving forward, once again, with another special exemption from the law. I joined Senator John Thune (R-SD) to introduce the "Union Bailout Prevention Act" which would protect taxpayers from double-subsidizing union members’ health plans. Read more about it in this post from my blog.
Our latest newsletter went out today. This piece, providing an update on the Syria situation, as originally published in that newsletter. Please read this piece to learn why I oppose U.S. military involvement in the conflict. And if you are not already a newsletter subscriber, be sure to sign up while you are on that page.
I visited with Mark Smith at KASU this morning about Syria, Obamacare, the farm bill and 9/11. Follow this link below to listen to the interview in its entirety.
Today, we remember the victims of the 9/11 terror attacks & all the heroes who sacrificed tremendously to keep us safe in the aftermath. We will never forget.
NA
We will never forget the nearly 3,000 brave and innocent people killed in the September 11th attacks 12 years ago today.
I'm looking forward to sitting down with Greta Van Susteren on FOX News tonight at 10:20 pm (ET) 8:20 pm (MT) to respond to President Obama's remarks on Syria.
NA
NA
NA
Today is a day for remembrance and recommitment to patriotism and our country.  Like all Americans, I will never forget the fateful day of September 11, 2001.  I recalled my own experiences of the tragic day 12 years ago, during my weekly teleconference.  To listen, click below.
#Sept11 remembrance ceremony on the steps of the east front of the Capitol. #idpol #neverforget #USA
Remembering the two Idahoans, Ronald Vauk and Brady Howell, who lost their lives 12 years ago today. #idpol #Sept11 #NeverForget
News Release: The United States should engage in military strikes against another nation only when our national security requires it, after other options have been ruled out.  The national security interest necessary to justify this intervention in Syria has not yet been sufficiently shown.  And the limited, narrow response being proposed is more likely to harm, rather than protect our security interests.  The prospect of a negotiated resolution of this matter has been raised, involving Syria agreeing to join the 189 nations of the world who have signed the Chemical Weapons Convention.  Of course, we should pursue this option, but let’s not forget with whom we are dealing.  Such an agreement must be prompt, binding, verifiable and subject to predetermined sanctions for noncompliance.
I will be listening carefully to what the President has to say tonight on the subject of #Syria. Are you watching the address to the nation? Let me know your thoughts.
On the 12th anniversary of 9/11, Senator Collins joined her colleagues in Congress on the steps of the U.S. Capitol Building to sing “God Bless America.”
A photo from this morning's September 11th Remembrance Ceremony in Lewiston.
"The attacks of September 11th did not create American unity and resolve. Rather, they revealed the enduring qualities that have been our nation's strength throughout history.  We will never forget, and standing together and standing strong, America will always stand up to any challenge."
NA
DMN: Cornyn to Introduce Bill Tomorrow to Help Fort Hood Victims:
"I cannot support an operation that is so poorly conceived, so foolishly telegraphed, and virtually guaranteed to fail.”
Cornyn Denounces President’s Poorly Conceived Syria Plan:
Cornyn: Only way Assad will leave power "is in a pine box."
Just announced on Senate floor I will vote No on the Syria resolution. Pres. failed to make the case.
El recuerdo de ese día nunca caerá en el olvido. #NeverForget http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=2fd9bed6-ac0d-40db-b398-26f2fb4c282c
Today, our hearts are heavy as we remember the attacks on American soil just 12 years ago.  Nearly 3,000 Americans lost their lives, many in the attempt to save others from harm.  Their acts of courage stay with us, inspiring every American as we have rebuilt from that day.   We keep the families of the victims in our prayers, as well as the service members, intelligence professionals, and law enforcement personnel—including so many Texans— who have served and sacrificed since that fateful day to keep us safe.   We keep our promise to never forget and vow to remain vigilant to ensure the safety and security of all Americans.
12 years ago - 9/11; one year ago - Benghazi: we will never forget
In an interview on CNN today, Senator Corker expressed disappointment in President Obama’s address to the nation on Syria last night. “I really do think [the administration has] hurt our credibility around the world just in the muddled way that they have dealt with this Syrian issue… The president just seems to be very uncomfortable being commander-in-chief of this nation,” said Corker. “I would think that most Republicans yesterday would have believed last night he was going to make the greater case, the strategic case, for us in Syria... He just cannot follow through.” http://bit.ly/18VoDPz
In an appearance on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” today to discuss President Obama’s address to the nation on Syria, Senator Corker expressed his disappointment in the president’s failure to emphasis the importance of protecting U.S. credibility in response to the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons.  “Whether you support him or not, when our commander in chief draws a bright red line and a country passes that, to me, it’s about our credibility as a nation…and…he did not make that case,” said Corker.  “So I think the president's done more in a short period of time to damage American credibility around the world than any modern president.”  Watch the interview here: http://youtu.be/y714PWvUnPg
Senator Corker made the following statement marking the anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States. “I think the best way we can mark September 11th is by remembering the lives lost and honoring them by working to make the country that was attacked that day even stronger,” said Corker.
FACT: Complying with Obamacare is so complex many business owners are just giving up on the small business tax credit.  #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Wow! What a magnificent work of art by Steve Penley.
#NeverForget #September11 and an update on #Syria and #DefundObamacare on the radio with Matt Patrick this morning. Listen and SHARE!
The Stars and Stripes at half-staff outside of our office. #NeverForget
I filed an amendment today that would prevent the EPA from trampling on a state’s right to address regional haze locally. The haze we most need to regulate, in fact, seems to be the one that is clouding the vision of the EPA as it promotes a plan that would impose onerous regulations on power plants that will in turn pass those increased costs, in the form of higher energy prices, on to consumers.
One year after Americans died in Benghazi we still don’t know the full story of what happened and how.
I warned people about the blatant privacy intrusions of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It's getting worse.
More than a decade ago, America showed the world our resolve, our strength, and our commitment to our principles as we stood together as one nation in the face of the worst act of terrorism in our nation’s history. Let’s remember September 11 and the feelings we had for our country and each other. May we rekindle the sense of community, country and world that we felt then. May lasting good come out of the chaos.
Throughout discussion of US military action in Syria, I have called for the president to present the American people with a coherent plan. While he made an impassioned moral case in his address last night, his argument regarding a significant U.S. national interest remains weak.  I do not believe the president made an effective case, and I will not be supporting any military action at this time. Click here to read my full statement.
Today we pause to honor the memories of the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans lost in the September 11 terrorist attacks. We will never forget the images of blazing skyscrapers, a smoldering Pentagon, or a scarred Pennsylvania field. These horrific events forever changed our nation’s path as the new century began.    These tragedies also revealed once again the bravery and strength of our country and our people. Ordinary Americans commuted to work on a sunny morning, and in an instant, transformed into heroes running toward – not away from – burning buildings to save others still trying to get out. In the aftermath of the attack, among the rubble, first responders planted an American flag, signaling to the world our nation remains resolute and our values endure.    We also remember the four Americans, including our U.S. Ambassador, who were tragically killed while serving abroad in Benghazi one year ago today –  we have not forgotten. Let us keep all of the victims of these attacks, the survivors, and their families in our prayers. Today we honor the memory of those lost, we salute those who have served our nation in the years since, and we renew our resolve to defend our freedom.
Today, we honor the memories of those who tragically lost their lives twelve years ago in the attacks on our homeland in New York, Washington, and Pennsylvania.  I still remember that terrible day, and I will never forget the fear we all felt and the grief we experienced seeing our nation attacked.  On September 11, 2001, I was walking to my Washington, D.C. office when I received a call from South Carolina. My staff told me to turn on the television because a plane had just struck the World Trade Center in New York. I went back home and almost immediately after turning on the television saw the second plane hit the Twin Towers.  It was then and there that I, like almost all Americans, realized this was not an accident. Our nation was under attack.  The House and Senate offices were evacuated and my staff came over to my house to watch the horror of what was unfolding around us. I remember walking outside and seeing the unbelievable sight of smoke rising from the Pentagon and hearing the roar of fighter jets circling the Capitol.  Watching our nation come under attack and seeing our fellow citizens killed by terrorists was a sickening feeling. We must never let our country be exposed like that again.  Tragically, 9/11 now also marks the one year anniversary since the terrorist attack on our Consulate in Benghazi that took the lives of four brave Americans, including Ambassador Chris Stevens.  President Obama promised the American people we would track down those responsible and bring them to justice. One year after the attack, no one has been held accountable.  Questions about what happened in Benghazi remain unanswered and the American people deserve answers. But most of all, we owe it to the victims’ families. I have met many of them, and I will not stop pushing for accountability and for answers so I can look them in the eye and tell them the truth about what happened.  America must never forget September 11. We must continue to confront the radical ideology behind both of these evil attacks and remain diligent in our efforts to prevent them from ever happening again.  One of the most vivid memories from that day twelve years ago was when Members of the House and Senate gathered on the Capitol steps to show our resolve and spontaneously began to sing God Bless America. If we can recapture that spirit of unity in our country, I am confident we can defeat Radical Islam.  On this special day, let’s be mindful of the threats we face, appreciative of our freedoms, and thankful for the first responders and brave men and women in uniform who protect us.
NA
Wish Pres didn't cancel secure Senate briefing that Republicans asked for 2day-- still many Qs abt Syria
12th observance of 9-11 on steps of US Capitol. Sang National Anthem & heard from House/Senate leaders. Closed by singing God Bless America
"Remember 9-11" like "remember Pearl Harbor" so neither happens again
Please join us in Reno at the California Building in Idewild Park on Thursday, September 12, 2013 at 11:00am for our TRICARE/United Healthcare/VA Public Forum. The event will feature professionals prepared to answer any questions you may have and is open to anyone interested in learning more. RSVP required. For further information or to RSVP, please contact Samuel Crampton in Senator Heller's Reno office, at 775-686-5770.
It is impossible to forget what happened twelve years ago when America awoke to tragedy. On that day, enemies of freedom and equality targeted innocent Americans and completely altered our sense of security here at home. Today we honor those who lost their lives and remember the sacrifices made by our nation’s courageous first responders.
 
 Since that day, our men and women in uniform have been willing to stand up and defend the freedoms we enjoy amid incredible adversity. The resilience they have shown in an effort to spread freedom and democracy represents the very best of this nation, and we are all grateful for their service.
This morning I spoke with Bill Bennett reflecting on 9/11 and also discussing the President's speech last night on Syria. You can listen to a recording of it here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jdz0aTsuufA&feature=youtu.be
Our hearts will never forget the mothers and fathers, children and siblings that were lost or the pain that Americans felt during the violent acts of terror on September 11, 2001. The nearly 3,000 innocent Americans in New York City, Pennsylvania, and Virginia whose lives were stolen that day will continue to be our foundation of reason to see terrorism silenced throughout the world. The Global War on Terror has been strenuous for our servicemembers who have been tasked with the mission to preserve our national security and promote freedom. Their courage and selfless service, along with those from previous conflicts, serve as the cornerstone of our American patriotism. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-our-hearts-will-never-forget
Today we remember those we lost and those who continue to fight for our freedom. God bless America.
An estimated 30 million Americans rely on the #GreatLakes for drinking water, jobs and public health. Learn more: http://glweek.org/about-us/ #GreatLakesWeek
On September 11th, our enemies sought to break our will as Americans; they failed and today we stand shoulder to shoulder, reaffirming our commitment to the core values that continue to make our nation a beacon of freedom throughout the world.
 
 For the full statement click here:
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=860
We will #NeverForget the victims of #september11, the heroic first responders, and those who keep us safe and bring our enemies to justice.
Sen. McConnell speaking at 9/11 Remembrance Ceremony outside the U.S. Capitol today.
NA
‘We remember today all those who were killed, as well as the families they left behind, with renewed sorrow. And we remember all who have lost their lives or been injured in the line of duty defending our freedoms since 9/11.’ Senator McConnell will make remarks on Senate floor @ approx 10am ET regarding the 12th anniversary of 9/11. Click on the link below to watch his speech live
Tonight, I encourage you to join me at a town hall meeting over the telephone. It will be an opportunity for you to share your thoughts and provide feedback, as well as a chance for me to hear from you about a number of critical issues facing Kansas and our nation.  The call will begin at 5:30 p.m. CST. Dial 877-229-8493 and enter passcode 111963 to join the conversation. I look forward to speaking with you.
After meeting with President Obama yesterday, and reviewing his speech to Americans last night, I remain strongly opposed to the use of military force in Syria. It is becoming increasingly clear that the President does not have a coherent strategy for intervention. He continually fails to detail the parameters of our national security interests, goals and an exit strategy.  A vote in Congress has been put on hold as the Administration waits to see whether Russia’s interest in a diplomatic solution is genuine. I have serious doubts, and should the negotiations result in nothing, I expect the President to return to Capitol Hill and allow Congress to use its Constitutionally-vested power to debate and vote on whether to intervene in Syria. Our country cannot afford another conflict that taxes our resources without achieving goals that advance American interests.
Twelve years after the attacks of September 11, 2001, we recall the terror of that morning and those who bravely acted on behalf of America in the seconds, days and months following. The world has changed since that horrific morning, but the American spirit remains resilient and strong.   We also pause remember the four American lives lost in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi just one year ago today. As the families of those lost continue to search for answers, we must reaffirm our commitment to protecting this country and its ideals from those who wish to do us harm.
It’s important to remember that Alaskans lost one of our own twelve years today: Ronald Hemenway of Wasilla was working at the Pentagon on the morning of 9/11 when that symbol of American strength was attacked.  May we never forget 9/11 and always keep Hemenway’s family, and the families of all those who lost their lives, in our thoughts and prayers.
God Bless America, today and every day.  We will never forget.
I’m headed to the Senate floor right now to say America needs to make our energy more abundant, clean, secure and – a big step forward – efficient.  It deserves to be a larger part of our nation’s policy and I’m talking about how it’s good for our economy and our environment.
It has now been twelve years since the horrific attacks on 9/11 that took thousands of American lives in New York City, at the Pentagon and in an airplane crash that broke the stillness of a Pennsylvania farmland morning.  Though Alaskans were thousands of miles away from those sites, we were all a single community, worrying and grieving with the entire nation.
 
 Americans didn’t allow ourselves to be daunted or divided.  Instead, we faced down fear and sprinted into dangerous situations to rescue survivors, and millions of us rallied together to bring relief, aid and comfort to families impacted by these violent acts.
 Now more than ever, it is clear that 9/11 was not a single incident but the beginning of a new era of complications and struggles in the Middle East that have impacts and repercussions on America a full dozen years later.
 
 On behalf of a grateful state and nation, I want to thank our military men and women who continue to fight terrorism abroad and to all our nation’s first responders for all they do to help protect our homeland, and thank you Alaskans for your faith in America and the liberties we stand for.
As I and the American people wait to hear what the President says tonight regarding Syria, I remain concerned about the Syrian government's use of internationally-prohibited chemical weapons on its own citizens. The indiscriminate massacre of innocent people is a heinous act which must not be tolerated.  Given the incredible stakes at play globally, I will look critically at the proposal to require Syria to turn over their weapons. Moving forward, the devised plan must include a series of binding protocols to secure all of Syria’s chemical weapons, destroy them, and allow verification that such actions have occurred.  While I do hope President Assad cooperates with the proposal, I remain concerned and I know many Alaskans agree that this administration does not have a coherent strategy for the region. The President needs to clearly articulate how this Syria plan lines up with any broader vision for the Middle East and how our national security interests are protected.
After 3 years, overwhelming support from the Energy Committee and over 260 endorsements, I am proud to have my bipartisan energy efficiency bill make it to the Senate floor.
It’s been twelve years since terrorists launched attacks against our nation. I don’t think any of us will ever forget where we were on that day, what our country went through, or the friends and neighbors that we lost. We also won’t forget the sacrifices of our men and women in uniform, who even now are fighting against our enemies abroad. I remain committed to making sure that our military has all the resources it needs to defend our nation from those who would do us harm, and to ensure, to the extent possible, the safety of our soldiers in combat. I hope that you will keep all of those military personnel who are in harm’s way in your thoughts and prayers.
In case you missed it: Earlier I appeared on Fox's Cavuto to discuss the issue in Syria.    Watch here:http://bit.ly/17r4O4I
Want to hear my response to President Obama's  Syria speech? Click here to watch now:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gE8jeD-uB7U …
Pres. Obama's speech didn't convince me.  Tune in to Fox News now to hear more
Beautifully moving image of the Field of Honor at the Fort Scott National Historic Site taken by my staff who attended the Symbols of Sacrifice ceremony today.  There is a flag honoring all those we have lost since the attacks on 9/11. #neverforget
I spoke with Greg Akagi at WIBW this morning about Syria and the latest with the farm bill.  Click the link below to listen.  http://kansasagnetwork.com/2013/09/kansas-ag-issues-podcast-09112013/
Reflecting on the anniversary of September 11, 2001. #NeverForget   http://go.usa.gov/DBVm
Rubio On The Passing Of Former Congressman Clay Shaw  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement mourning the loss of former Congressman Clay Shaw (R-FL):  “For over a quarter century, Clay Shaw epitomized everything a public servant should be and made South Floridians proud.  I was always impressed by Clay’s work on the causes he was most passionate about.  Clay’s impact on America will forever be felt through the important reforms he championed on welfare reform, Social Security reform and Everglades restoration.  My wife Jeanette and I are praying for Clay’s wife, Emilie, and their family in this time of grief, and I hope they will find some comfort in knowing he lived an extraordinary life in the service of his community and his country.”
Rubio: Many Questions, Scant Justice From Obama White House One Year After
Rubio Statement On The 12th Anniversary Of The Attacks Of September 11, 2001  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement remembering and reflecting on the attacks of September 11, 2001:     “This is a day for remembrance and quiet reflection. For most of us, we can hardly believe that 12 years have passed since the attacks of September 11, 2001. These attacks will forever be a part of our lives, not only because of the pain they caused, but because they reminded us of how resilient we are as a people.   “We were reminded of the greatness of America through the brave men and women who saved lives on the ground by fighting the hijackers in the air on Flight 93.  We were amazed by the first responders who rushed to the aid of the victims, with no thought to the personal risks that lay ahead. We were filled with pride as millions of Americans raised flags above their homes and storefronts to show solidarity with those who had lost loved ones.   “This is also a day to show gratitude to the men and women in our armed forces and intelligence services, who have fought and worked tirelessly to bring those who planned 9/11 to justice.  Their sacrifices and vigilance have largely kept the American homeland safe in the years since, so we are able to go on with our lives free from the fear that our attackers were so desperate to instill in us.   “Finally, this is a day to rededicate ourselves to our patriotic duty. We must always keep in mind the freedom that unites us as Americans, and we must remain vigilant in our daily lives to ensure the uniqueness of our nation remains a reality for many generations to come.”
NA
NA
NA
Today we also remember those who lost their lives in #Benghazi a year ago - Ambassador Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty. Their families, and the American people, deserve answers to what happened that night. We'll continue working to find them.
September 11, 2013
NA
We remember.
I've just introduced an amendment to repeal the Renewable Fuel Standard.
My Johnstown regional manager, John Frick, is working to keep alive the memory of #Flight93 heroes in the USS Somerset (LPD 25).
Proud of my wife, Kris, and her work on behalf of #Flight93 families. Bridget, Patrick and Duncan were also on hand to help mark the memorial.
Army musicians performed several songs for the 9/11 memorial ceremony, including “Amazing Grace” and “God Bless America.”
With Representative Mike Kelly on the Capitol Steps for the 9/11 memorial ceremony.
Twelve years ago today, as a member of Congress, I was on the Capitol Steps and joined colleagues in a sign of bipartisan unity singing “God Bless America.” I was honored to do the same again today.
A year ago, Ambassador Stevens, Tyrone Woods, Glen Doherty, and Sean Smith were killed in Benghazi, Libya. It’s a shame that no one has been brought to justice for this attack. More investigation and answers are still needed.
Kris Toomey: Sometimes it is forgotten, that 40 people had a choice. They chose to fight back, take the plane down.  #flight93 #shanksville
Remembering our nation's loss, let's be grateful for all we have, proud of who we are, and certain of our future together. #Honor911 #NeverForget
NA
NA
NA
NA
About to join Aaron Katersky on ABC News Radio to discuss the President's speech tonight about #Syria. Listen here: http://abcnewsradioonline.com/live
