ICYMI: Sen. Alexander’s op-ed in the Knoxville News Sentinel: “Student loan bill will make cost of borrowing easier and cheaper.” Alexander writes: “A new law I worked to help enact lowers interest rates for every new federal student loan this year, making it easier for 11 million borrowers — including 200,000 Tennessee students — to pay for college.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you’re glad student loans will be “cheaper, simpler and more certain,” and follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1aJ6H0G
We're on our annual Agriculture Tour. We've already visited with Bibler Brothers Lumber Co. in Russellville. Now we're in Dover visiting the Churchill Tree Farm. Thanks for the warm welcome.
Some of my staff shared this photo of our beautiful state taken just south of White Bird Hill. #idpol #idaho #Highway95
Weekly Op-Ed: After meeting with Idaho onion growers and irrigators this past month, I am concerned with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) proposed fresh produce rule.  The rule was created pursuant to the 2011 enactment of the Food Safety Modernization Act, which was driven by concerns with high profile incidents of food contamination.  I voted against this legislation due to concerns with its large cost and far sweeping federal regulations.  I support ensuring the safety of our water and food supplies, but we must be reasonable in our approach.  The proposed regulations will prove costly to farmers, limiting their ability to provide an abundant, safe food supply for Idaho’s families—which they have successfully done for hundreds of years.  FDA should focus its efforts on proven risks, not impose costly regulatory burdens on producers based on hypothetical evidence.  Ultimately, food safety measures must work to fix problems without crippling production.
10 quotes from Mother Teresa on her birthday
FACT: Obamacare will drive thousands of physicians out of the workforce. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Hearty congratulations to Army Staff Sgt. Ty Carter on his very well deserved Medal of Honor. Our country thanks you for your service.
Pres Obama considers waiting on UN for permission to intervene in #Syria, but will he wait on the US Congress?
Looking forward to joining Drive Time Lincoln on KLIN Radio today at 5:10pm CT. Be sure to tune in! http://player.tritondigital.com/2981
Congratulations Lincoln on winning the 2013 Google eCity Award for Nebraska. The award recognizes the strongest online business community in each state. I was happy to speak at Licorice International to discuss the importance of the Internet in creating jobs and commerce.
NA
Onawa Town Hall 27ppl Topics:education, IRS, Obamacare,Congress rating, VoterID, E15, MedMal, immig, guns, Corps of Eng,highway bill,budget
Sioux City Rotary 80 ppl Topics: balanced budget amendment, Wrestling in the Olympics, Syria, partisanship, guns, budget, status of GOP, NSA
Senator Grassley on the costs of the Affordable Care Act: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=46835
Ida Grove Town Hall 47 ppl Topics:Fed/debt, Obamacare, farm bill, Syria, Sequester, IRS, Benghazi, F&F, Imm, Judges, Congress underObamacare
Toured the Rock Island Arsenal Joint Manufacturing and Technology Center with Mayor Thodos, MG Wharton & Col. Luders. Discussed public private partnerships creating jobs & benefiting national security. #QuadCities
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=846
Congratulations to #USArmy Staff Sgt. Carter on his Medal of Honor. His heroic actions are well deserving of this award.
 
  http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/08/26/20197651-afghan-battle-hero-ty-michael-carter-to-receive-medal-of-honor
Toured Lock & Dam 15 with Col. Deschenes of the Rock Island District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Discussed waterway infrastructure,WIN P3 bill, & job creation. #QuadCities
ATK is one of northern Utah's largest employers.  I had a great meeting with this large group of rocket scientists who are concerned that our tax code is too complicated.  We also discussed the economy, #Obamacare, and the conflict in Syria.
Share this clip of Senator Ted Cruz if you are part of the grassroots tsunami:
Last week, it was brought to my attention that the IRS intends to audit veteran service organizations by requiring the local American Legion or other veteran service organization to provide DD-214 Forms from every post member. If an organization is unable or not willing to turn over this personal information, they could face a fine of $1,000 per day.  I am concerned about this news, and am reaching out to Acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel to insist on answers. At an absolute minimum, the IRS should cease carrying out this mandate until further review, as we must make certain the IRS is not overstepping its bounds of privacy and respect for our nation’s heroes. Surely the IRS has higher priorities than targeting our servicemen and women and our country’s veterans.
Here's a photo from my 999th Town Hall Meeting at the Liberal Lions Club. I'm visiting with Kay Burtzloff, Seward County United Way Director and United Way of Kansas President-Elect.
Startling news from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) today: In 2011, while the VA disability claims backlog ballooned by 155 percent, more than two-thirds of the individuals who process those claims shared $5.5 million in bonuses. The Washington Post reports that more complex claims were often set aside by workers so they could keep their jobs, meet performance standards or, in some cases, collect extra pay. All Americans should be outraged – as these VA employees enjoy bonuses, more than 600,000 veterans are stuck in the claims backlog, some waiting more than 1,000 days for wartime disability compensation.
I spent time this morning seeking the thoughts of Kansans in the county seat of Haskell County, Sublette. One of my stops was at USD 374 where I had conversations with Superintendent Rex Bruce and Central Office Secretary Paula Leverett. Students will head back to the classrooms on Thursday.
Today at noon, I'm holding a Town Hall meeting in Liberal at the Seward County Community College Area Technical School in conjunction with the Lions Club. Please join us if you can - I'm looking forward to getting a good dose of Kansas common sense.
A little work this Sunday evening with a visit to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center/Reno County EMS. I listened and toured the facility with CEO Kevin Miller and CFO Ken Johnson. We had a good discussion about the Affordable Care Act and other financial pressures on health care in Kansas. Even so, it's evident great things are happening here to provide quality care to the residents of South Central Kansas.
Affordable housing is incredibly important, and here in Alaska there are far too many communities that don't have it.  Here in Anchorage, the new Trail Side Heights Town Homes complex is providing 66 new low income and rent controlled units and more are scheduled to be built.  So proud to have played a small part in making these new homes a reality and we couldn't have asked for a more beautiful day for the ribbon cutting.
I was recently up in Wainwright, and as I do in most all Alaskan communities I visit, I took a trip to the store.  This box of Tide costs $49.91.  That’s the price WITH bypass mail.  Some of my Senate colleagues back in Washington, DC want to take bypass mail away.  Can you imagine what this box of Tide would cost if that happened?!  This is just one of the many reasons I fight so hard for our state.
Great memories listening to 40 years of Reds games with Hall of Famer Marty Brennaman behind the mic.
I'm really pleased to share a few ideas with the thriving Salina Rotary Club. So many good friends.
Rubio: “Defunding Obamacare in the short-term budget is the first step to rejecting the diminished future Obamacare guarantees, while restoring the free market principles that have made our economy the envy of the world and that offer the best way to reform our health care system.”
Congratulations to Army Staff Sergeant Ty Carter on being awarded the Medal of Honor today. #ThankYou for your service and sacrifice.
Thank you to Michael Trotman of Isle of Palms for this week's cover photo--the McClellanville oyster harvest! This is our South Carolina.
Great talking with folks in McCormick County this morning!
Heading to McCormick, Greenwood and Abbeville counties today, where we'll complete our 46 county listening tour.
With Rep. Glenn Thompson at Lock Haven University for a jobs forum with the Clinton County Economic Partnership.
Coffee with Chris Brady, editor of the The Standard Journal Newspaper in Milton, Pa.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended the ribbon cutting for Dunkelberger's Sports Outfitter's new store, their second location in Monroe County. This store brings the small business’s total employment to 58 people. With her are Harry Forbes, Governor’s Action Team;  PA State Rep. Rosemary Brown; Jere Dunkleberger, store owner; and Bob Phillips, President of the Greater Pocono Chamber of Commerce.
Some terrific news: Sarah Murnaghan will leave the hospital this week. Thank you to everyone at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia who helped care for her and to everyone who kept her in your prayers.
Waiting to speak with some business stakeholders in Union County.
Pennsylvania Fact of the Week: Following his graduation from Morehouse College in 1948, Martin Luther King, Jr. left Georgia and enrolled in the multi-denominational Crozer Theological Seminary in Delaware County. He would go on to graduate as class valedictorian with a bachelor of divinity degree in 1951 at the age of 23.
Kicking off my first town hall in Danville.
Wicker Report | For the past eight years, the last week of August has reminded us of one of the most devastating events in our state’s history.  The arrival of Hurricane Katrina on our shores took lives, destroyed communities, and left a swath of damage unprecedented in its magnitude.  http://www.wicker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-report?ID=fc5c9b57-4fad-4b0f-8e6e-d32bc23c9f27
