Defense Bill Includes Ayotte Legislation to Combat Military Sexual Assault, Provide Support to Victims
The White House still doesn’t understand, no amount of exemptions or changes to this law will make it workable or affordable. It’s time for a real solution.
Tonight the president signed the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act into law. While no law can bring back this wonderful wife and mother, I hope it will bring some sense of closure to the family and help preserve the integrity of our national cemeteries for our heroes. I am thankful the Koehl family brought this situation to my attention last year, and I am grateful for Congresswoman Susan Brooks' effort in the House to help me get this bill across the finish line. By enacting this bill into law, the VA can finally fix its mistake and ensure our veterans are resting in peace next to fellow heroes.   http://www.coats.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/president-signs-coats-bill-to-protect-national-cemeteries
Must read piece by Charles Krauthammer on the story of the year: Obamacare sold on deception and now the nation is learning how radical it is.
ICYMI: I called on U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to provide detailed information about current and projected premium rates under Obamacare after questioning the secretary during a U.S. Senate Finance committee hearing in which she could not deny that premiums are on the rise.  President Obama repeatedly promised premiums would go down by $2,500 for the average family.  As we now know, this is simply not the case.  The administration’s continued efforts to further sell the president’s signature health care law to the public by making misleading claims and comparisons is only hurting Idahoans and the American people.  In order to fully understand the serious impacts this law is having on our health care system and economy, it is essential we have updated and transparent information from the administration.  All Senate Finance Republicans joined me in asking that the president and HHS be forthcoming with actual premium rate data post-enactment of Obamacare. Moreover, the health care law has increased taxes, forced millions of Americans from health insurance plans and doctors they had and liked, ballooned out-of-pocket expenses, cut Medicare services and undermined the employer-based health insurance market that so many families rely upon.
Headed to Texas.  Merry Christmas one and all.
WSJ: Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew warns of a debt crisis as soon as late February if steps aren't taken to suspend or increase the debt ceiling; what about rising interest rates on the $17 trillion the US already owes?
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, today announced he cannot support Senate approval of the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD), citing concerns that U.S. ratification could undermine the constitutional balance between the state and federal governments and the legitimacy of our democratic processes.  In doing so, Corker urged the U.S. to pursue different means of advocating for the rights of the disabled throughout the world.   “Ultimately, I’m unable to vote for a treaty that could undermine our Constitution and the legitimacy of our democratic process as the appropriate means for making decisions about the treatment of our citizens,” said Corker.  “I’m disappointed I can’t support the treaty, but I stand ready to look at other ways to enhance ongoing U.S. efforts to improve circumstances for the disabled both at home and around the world.”  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1bWav9J
Today I voted against the National Defense Authorization Act. I am deeply concerned that Congress still has not prohibited President Obama’s ability to indefinitely detain U.S. citizens arrested on American soil without trial or due process.  The Constitution does not allow President Obama, or any President, to apprehend an American citizen, arrested on U.S. soil, and detain these citizens indefinitely without a trial. When I ran for office, I promised the people of Texas I would oppose any National Defense Authorization Act that did not explicitly prohibit the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens. Although this legislation does contain several positive provisions that I support, it does not ensure our most basic rights as American citizens are protected.  I hope that next year the Senate and the House can come together in a bipartisan way to recognize the importance of our constitutional rights even in the face of ongoing terrorist threats and national security challenges. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee toward this common goal.
Obamacare isn’t working. If politicians in both parties would have listened to the American people, this train wreck could have been avoided. #MakeDCListen
The Senate passed a bill this week that would help parents of internationally adopted children correct errors on their child’s birth certificate. Senator Barrasso and I cosponsored the Accuracy for Adoptees Act. The bill would require the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service to recognize state court orders that amend a child’s birth date. We were inspired by the Sweeney family of Sheridan.
OSHA is trying to illegally regulate family farms.
The Administration has fought so hard to convince people that the president’s health care law is the answer, but no amount of marketing can fix this disaster. Neither can carving out one exemption after another. This week Health and Human Services quietly announced it is (illegally) delaying the individual mandate for those who lost their health insurance because their plans did not meet the law’s specifications. The law is rotten to its core. The approach the law’s authors took was wrong from the beginning. Tinkering around the edges will not fix the fundamentals. We need to repeal the health care law, start over, and do it right. Supporting state high risk pools or catastrophic insurance options would better protect those in most need of coverage. Encouraging the development of new insurance products that provide better health incentives for patients and doctors would help lower costs. There is another path forward. See my website for my 10 step plan to reform health care.
Despite frustrating political games that hold back progress, we’ve been able to get some good things done this year for Nebraskans. This new video recaps a range of issues that I've fought to address through legislation and collaboration with my colleagues.
Late last night, I was pleased to support the NDAA, which funds and sets priorities for our military. The legislation provides our service members with the tools they need. It bolsters STRATCOM’s missions, strengthens missile defense and nuclear deterrence, and addresses sexual assault in the military. Read more about initiatives that I fought to include in the final bill here...
Clearly, I’m no Carrot Top, Kim Kardashian, Kanye West or Brittney Spears. Sorry you lost last night Rick Harrison. I thought your card looked good. #SomeOldDude #PawnStars  WATCH at 13:43 and 38:59 http://bit.ly/1gL0nsn
“This legislation is about helping to cut red tape and making the federal permitting process more timely and efficient. Right now, it takes about 180 to 270 days to permit an oil well on BLM land in North Dakota, compared to about ten days on private lands. There are currently about 525 permits awaiting approval. This will help us to alleviate the backlog and other delays that are costing us jobs and economic growth. The BLM Streamlining Act will help us to achieve our goal of true energy independence.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=af5ad287-a6be-4e1c-b57e-b1ca724b964f
“Today, I joined a bipartisan majority in the U.S. Senate to pass the National Defense Authorization Act. This legislation includes important provisions for our troops, including increased pay, and measures to address sexual assault in the military. It also contains measures important to our bases including the authorization of three new military construction projects at Minot Air Force Base, language that protects and upgrades the B-52 fleet at Minot, and a provision that prevents the retirement of the Global Hawk Block 30 unmanned aircraft.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=344ba724-2b97-46da-90ab-d6b5a0a36d59
ICYMI: Krauthammer in the Washington Post argues that ObamaCare has enforced the "public option" with the way the Obama Administration is dictating every aspect of the insurance market from deadlines to coverage requirements: http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/charles-krauthammer-story-of-the-year/2013/12/19/1d862c98-68f9-11e3-ae56-22de072140a2_story.html
Many Oklahomans and those across the nation have expressed concerns of the President’s ability to indefinitely detain United States citizens at Guantanamo Bay. As a member of the Armed Services Committee I have worked over the past several years to ensure rights of United States citizens are protected. In last year’s NDAA, I worked closely with my colleagues and achieved a major victory when an oversight provision was included to ensure a U.S. citizens’ right under the Constitution to challenge detention in federal court. This oversight provision remains law of the land today.   The tide of war is not receding. Our nation’s leaders continue to face a serious and critical dialogue of what it means to protect the United States in this day and age of terrorism. Part of that dialogue must involve how we protect the freedoms and rights of United States citizens that generations before us have fought to preserve. I will remain vigilant to ensure we keep this promise to Americans.
Congratulations to Congressman Markwayne Mullin for the passage of his first piece of legislation through Congress. I know first hand that he worked diligently on this bill that honors our country's Native American veterans, and I was proud to see passage of his bill in the Senate. It goes to show the great pride he has in the district and the people he represents in Oklahoma. http://newsok.com/house-passes-mullin-bill-for-native-american-veterans-memorial-at-dc-museum/article/3913553
This bipartisan enforcement bill will give the American people an insurance policy against the #Iran regime's deception. http://1.usa.gov/1dSGdrx
Last night I spoke on the Senate floor in tribute to six soldiers, including five based at Ft. Riley, who were killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan this week. In just a few short days, families will gather around dining room tables across our nation to celebrate the holidays. In the instance of these six families, there will be an empty chair at the Christmas table. For those of us who are Christians, we celebrate Christmas as the arrival of the Prince of Peace, and I would ask that we have peace in our land, peace in our world, and no more wars. And I would ask that these families find peace knowing that their son, their husband, their father – they sacrificed for something more important than life itself; they sacrificed for others. May they find peace in knowing what worthy lives their loved ones lived.
Good news for Rural Alaskans: we were able to get a land transfer through to allow the Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium to build a new a patient housing facility to create a ‘home away from home’ during critical times for Alaska Native families who must remain in Anchorage for loved ones to receive vital health care:
Alaskans and Americans want, need and deserve health care reform that allows for better access to care and lower costs – but that is not what is happening.  Tonight’s flip-flop from the White House on the health care bill allowing a new set of exemptions is a stunning admission that its signature achievement is clearly not ready for prime time.  Just weeks ago, President Obama vowed that Americans needed to be ‘protected’ from these basic plans.  At this point, I think Alaskans need to be protected from this bill and the anxiety and frustration it has created for people who just want to know that they and their loved ones can get medical care.
Is it just me, or is this strange?  Why on earth is Iowa getting an Arctic research center when Alaska is the rightful place for this sort of research to be done?
Proud to host the Central State University Chorus at the U.S. Capitol today for an inspirational performance.
It's a holiday tradition for my office to support the Marine's Toys for Tots foundation. Thanks to the Marines for this wonderful program.
 
 If you'd like to donate, you can click here for more information: http://www.toysfortots.org/
Senator Rubio Comments On New ObamaCare Fire Sale: http://1.usa.gov/J8YQ0y   Washington, D.C. — U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today regarding reports about the Obama administration’s announcement that it will offer hardship exemptions for Americans whose health care plans have been cancelled under ObamaCare:   “The Administration is recognizing the grim reality that more Americans have lost health insurance than gained it under ObamaCare. Holding a fire sale of cheap insurance is not a responsible fix for a broken program. This is a slap in the face to the thousands of Americans who have already purchased expensive insurance through the ObamaCare exchanges. ObamaCare as originally conceived is a flawed policy and must be repealed.”
Sen. Sessions expressed his concerns on the Senate floor last night that the rights of all Senators' were being eroded, and urged members of both parties to defend the historic role of the Senate as a Chamber as the place where the great issues of our time are brought before the nation for thorough amendment and debate.
NA
What's left to delay or change in Obamacare? New Year's?? Let's repeal and use free market solutions instead.
Christmas tree at the U.S. Capitol.
Congratulations to Albert Boscov of Boscov's on the groundbreaking of his Doubletree Hotel in Reading, Berks County today. Glad my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, could be there.
My bill with Senator Cornyn will strengthen and modernize U.S. bankruptcy laws and protect U.S. taxpayers from future financial industry bailouts. http://tinyurl.com/kyvk5sb
I’ve signed onto this bill to impose sanctions on Iran. POTUS threatens veto http://tinyurl.com/knype5s
Senator Cochran and I have signed a letter to Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez that pointedly asks that the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) cease taking regulatory actions against small farms with grain storage bins. Small farms, defined as those employing 10 or fewer workers, have been specifically exempted by Congress from such oversight since 1976.  This is yet another example of Washington bureaucrats meddling in the lives of Americans. OSHA has no business regulating grain storage bins on family farms, and the agency should put a stop to it immediately.
Funding our military and defense operations is essential to the safety and security of every American. Passing the NDAA bill ensures that our troops receive the resources necessary to protect America’s national interests here and abroad.  I successfully included several provisions to bolster the military’s ability to carry out its missions and keep our troops as safe as possible. I also authored a prohibition on foreign governments constructing satellite GPS stations in the United States.
