NA
At Saint Anselm College today, Senator Ayotte hosted a roundtable discussion with college administration officials, students, campus police, and local law enforcement to discuss efforts to prevent sexual assaults on campus.  She also received input on bipartisan legislation she recently helped introduce to stop sexual violence on campus and better support survivors.  Today’s meeting was the first in a series of discussions focused on this issue that Senator Ayotte will hold at colleges and universities throughout the state.
Senator Ayotte joined Fred Kocher, Dean Kamen, and others to speak at the NH Forum on the Future breakfast at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics this morning.  The discussion was focused on NH education and workforce needs.
This is Mental Illness Awareness Week. I’m fighting in Washington to ensure we are treating #mentalhealth challenges just like physical health. #MIAW2014
Our state is home to world-class research institutions and innovative manufacturers. Read my op-ed on why we need pro-growth policies to put Missourians back to work. 
The Arkansas Small Business and Technology Development Center is a university-based economic development program that assists entrepreneurs with every aspect of business creation, management, and operation. On Friday ASBTDC is hosting a small business forum in Fort Smith so you can ask the experts topics concerning small business ownership, management and best practices. If you’re interested in attending register at the link below.
NA
It was great to be back in the studio this morning at WFFT in Fort Wayne
We mourn the loss of Corporal Jordan Spears, a brave Hoosier who answered his nation’s call and made the ultimate sacrifice for his country. We will not forget his heroism and service. I extend my deepest condolences and prayers to his family at this difficult time.
Thanks, Senator Shawn Keough for helping to spread the word!
NA
NA
Mosaic House
When Congress returns to session, I will be introducing a constitutional amendment to prevent the federal government or the courts from striking down state marriage laws.
Embracing the Great American Energy Renaissance empowered Texas to set record-breaking export numbers. Let's take it nation-wide!
Touring the Microsoft Data Center in Cheyenne was a fascinating look at how companies like Microsoft store data and their efforts to make sure it is always available and protected. The data center is part of a $274 million investment by Microsoft in Cheyenne’s new LEADS North Range Business Park. Thanks to Lance Gold, Danny Horton, and Chris Tetlow for showing me around their facility on Monday. With our affordable energy, fiber optics and a cool and dry climate that helps limit the costs of daily operations, more and more tech companies are finding out that Wyoming is the perfect location to house these important data centers. #WyoWorks
The importance of Wyoming’s small businesses to our communities cannot be underestimated. On Monday I spoke to members of the Greater Cheyenne Chamber of Commerce about what I am doing in Washington to help those businesses be able to grow, such as my Small Business Fairness in Health Care bill, designed to allow businesses to expand and hire new employees by minimizing the Obamacare employer mandate. #WyoWorks
The new emergency department and regional cancer center at the Cheyenne Regional Medical Center are quite impressive. I toured the new facilities yesterday as part of my Wyoming Works Tour. The facilities are very thoughtfully designed in a way that reflects the needs of patients and the community. #WyoWorks
A study confirms what Sen. Grassley and other Iowans already know:  Iowa ranks high among the states for its job climate, safety and renewable energy.
From the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier:  Sen. Grassley expresses appreciation and tells child welfare advocates, “I see myself as ... a conduit and a representative of a lot of ideas that come from advocates like you and also a lot of ideas that come from young people in foster care,” Grassley said after receiving a certificate recognizing his work.  To learn more about becoming an advocate or mentor for foster youth in need, visit https://childadvocacy.iowa.gov/staticpages/index.php?page=CASA
NA
Thank you National Association of Manufacturers for the Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence. I am proud to fight for Oklahoma’s businesses and our manufacturing industry, and I will continue to work to provide clarity for our nation’s job creators as they seek out regulatory certainty in a maze of red tape.
On Monday, Senator Johnson continued his Wisconsin Manufacturing Month tour by visiting MacLean-Fogg, a great business in Whitewater.
Heroin kills one of us every 3 days in our suburbs.  Check out my website for resources about the symptoms of heroin use and what you can do to stop the spread of this epidemic: http://kirk.senate.gov/heroin
Today in Palatine, #IL companies have over 2,000 #jobs available for #veterans.  My #VetsJobFair starts soon!  I hope to see you there.  More info: http://bit.ly/veteransjobfair
VETS - #IL companies will have over 2,000 jobs available for you at my #VetsJobFair tomorrow in Palatine. See you there! RSVP: http://bit.ly/veteransjobfair
This is a picture of Brent Glines as a proud 2nd Lieutenant upon finishing initial F-4 training at Homestead AFB, Florida around 1978.  36 years later, He is still in the Air Force, although He is no longer in the cockpit.  He is currently a civil service software engineer at Hill AFB, developing F-16 software.  He will retire in December, 43 years after He first enlisted in the USAF in 1971. #honorutahveterans
Enjoyed a fun visit with kids from the Gila River Indian Community's Head Start Program today!
Senator Mitch McConnell talking about his fight against President Obama's War on #Coal during a visit to Floyd County in eastern #Kentucky today.
Over the noon hour, I spoke to members of Oberlin Rotary Club at the Gateway Civic Center and thanked them for their service to the community. I believe service organizations like Rotary Club help to make Kansas communities strong. There were 70 area residents in attendance including Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School, so my remarks focused on the importance of education, as well as the dysfunction in the United States Senate. Thanks to John Sater for the hosting my visit.
The fourth stop of my Western Kansas town hall tour was in Atwood. Thanks to the folks who came out this morning to discuss issues important to our nation and the state including immigration, Medicare, dysfunction in the Senate, overregulation, transportation, and keeping our freedoms alive and well. I appreciated Lee Skiles for allowing me to host the conversation with about 25 area residents at Mojo Espresso & Bistro.
I began my morning in Saint Francis at Fresh Seven Coffee hosting a town hall meeting with about 25 area residents. We discussed a number of issues including agriculture, the Clean Water Act rule, education and costly EPA regulations. Thanks to Kale Dankenbring and Heidi Plumb for allowing me to host the event at their coffee shop.
Yesterday, I kicked off a series of town hall meetings in Western Kansas. My first stop was in Logan County at Oakley's Northwest Kansas Educational Services Center. We had a good discussion about overregulation, the threat of ISIS, the legislative process and the Ebola response. Thanks to Tricia Runkle for coordinating my visit.  My next stop was at the Wallace County Senior Center in Sharon Springs. There, we discussed the need for a functioning Senate, veterans issues and the importance of Critical Access Hospitals. Thanks to Jayne Pearce for helping to coordinate my visit. For a full listing of my upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops, visit my website—moran.senate.gov.
Attention all Alaska readers: it's Alaska Book Week!  What's on your reading list?  Here's a good list of all the events happening statewide to commemorate our love of the written word.
As part of my effort to visit as many schools in Alaska as possible, I toured Seward Middle School, a fantastic building with a great design and a great use of space. The students here are bright young Alaskans, who asked me some good questions about my role as US Senator.
In case you missed it: I joined Sean Hannity on Fox News to discuss the upcoming midterm elections.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHxrzr9BnYc
I am supporting a new bill that will turn the National Labor Relations Board back into the neutral arbitor that it was always supposed to be: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-announces-support-new-bill-significantly-reform-national-labor
