Sen. Alexander praised the announcement of 900 new jobs at Nissan, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary in Tennessee: “When Nissan came to Tennessee we had high hopes, and 30 years later it has meant more than 7,000 good-paying jobs and the growth of an auto sector that now accounts for one-third of the manufacturing jobs in the state.” [Photo Credit: Pavel L Photo and Video] http://1.usa.gov/10pXFzA
Senator Ayotte is cosponsoring a bipartisan compromise bill that would prevent student loan rates from doubling next week
"This vote is also significant because it demonstrates that members of both parties can work together to get things done. I hope that this spirit of bipartisan cooperation will extend to other issues that urgently need to be addressed, especially our nation's fiscal situation."
Today marks one year since the U.S. Supreme Court decided the individual mandate – the core of ObamaCare – is a tax. And in light of recent the IRS targeting scandal, the last thing Americans need is for the IRS to have more involvement or greater access to Americans’ personal information. I’ll keep fighting to repeal the most onerous parts of ObamaCare and replace it with solutions that put patients in charge of their health care – not Washington bureaucrats at the IRS or elsewhere.
A busy week in Washington wraps up with the Senate passing a flawed immigration reform bill, big Supreme Court decisions and the President’s misguided energy tax initiative.
I'd like to thank the first session of 2013 summer interns in our DC office--Aly Humphrey, Amy West, Ashleigh Davenport, Austin McCollum, J. Ryan Johnson, Kelby Czerwonka, Kevin Kanavy, Sam Clark, Spencer Smith, Stephanie Channell, and Thanh Le--for their help over the past five weeks. We hope you got a lot out of your time here. Y'all have been a tremendous help to me, my staff and most importantly, the people of Arkansas.
GRAPHIC: Today marks the one year anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision to uphold #Obamacare as a tax. The court’s ruling further confirmed that the law violates the President’s pledge to not raise taxes on any American family making less than $250,000 per year. Idahoans overwhelmingly want solutions that deliver what they need—access to high-quality, affordable health care.  This law threatens our country’s financial strength and the American way of life.
A few nights ago on Fox News, Charles Krauthammer said, “I would personally oppose the bill if border security is just a goal and not a requirement.”  Making border security a requirement is what the American people expect and exactly why me and some of my colleagues tried to add stronger border security provisions to the bill.  When these efforts were unsuccessful, I was forced to vote against the bill despite my belief that we need rational immigration reform.
News Release: I voted against final passage of the Immigration Reform bill in the U.S. Senate.  Throughout the history of this country, our immigration laws have been periodically altered and adapted to meet our changing needs and circumstances.  It is clear that necessary reforms are past due.  However, S. 744 does not provide the types of reform to stop illegal immigration at the border while ensuring fairness for both current Americans and immigrants alike.  I co-sponsored several amendments to try and improve the bill, especially in regard to border security, but unfortunately many of these amendments were blocked and never allowed a vote.  At the core of the national character of the United States stand two principles: One, we are a nation of immigrants; within our borders every culture and ethnicity in the world is represented.  Almost all who live here can easily trace their ancestry to a foreign country.  Two, we are a peace-loving, compassionate, law-abiding society.  The United States, more than any other country, has a stable political and economic system because we respect the rule of law that maintains the peace and prosperity we enjoy.  As a U.S. Senator, I have pledged to advocate for what is best for both Idahoans and our nation.  The Senate bill is not in that interest.  We must not forget the lessons of the 1986 bill and make the same mistakes.
DOD Moving Forward with $771.8 Million Purchase of Aircraft that the Afghans Cannot Operate and Maintain
Heartwarming story.  Check it out.
McConnell, Cornyn Urge NFL, Other Leagues Not to Promote Obamacare
The Hill: GOP Senate Leaders Warn NFL, NBA Against Promoting Obamacare:
Top GOP Senators Warn Prof. Sports Organizations Not to Work With Sebelius on Obamacare:
Cornyn, Carter Request Six Month Extension for Salamander Decision
Smart words from Senator Deb Fisher
Cornyn: "The voters in Texas have spoken. We passed a constitutional amendment embracing traditional marriage."
Deeply honored to join the National Right to Life Conference today and stand for life.
 
 Every baby is a gift from God and deserves to be protected.
Earlier this week, the Supreme Court agreed to consider a case that challenges the legality of President Obama’s “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board last year.  I am pleased that the Supreme Court has decided to address the Executive Branch’s unparalleled decision to overstep the Senate’s constitutionally prescribed role in the appointment process.  Two lower courts have previously ruled the appointments unconstitutional. The president’s claims that he can declare the Senate “unavailable” and thus in “recess”, even though it is holding regular meetings, would demolish the checks and balances inherent in our Constitution.
Celebrating Freedom:  Salute to Frederick Douglass
Surprise. Still more history on history channel.  Now.   Cleopatra
History on the history channel.  Yes history.  Attila the Hun   Rite now
Grassley Statement After Comprehensive Immigration Reform Bill Clears Senate
Grassley meetings in Southwest Iowa start Monday
The Senate-passed immigration bill creates an incentive for employers to hire illegal immigrants over U.S. workers who are already struggling to find jobs in Obama’s stagnant economy. I joined Senator Ted Cruz and Senator David Vitter in an effort to defund Obamacare to prevent employers from hiring illegal immigrants over U.S. citizens and legal immigrants in order to avoid penalties under Obamacare’s oppressive employer mandate. Unfortunately, Senate Amendment 1580 did not come to the floor for a vote, despite proponents of the bill recognizing this problem.  If the Senate Immigration bill becomes law, the economic disaster caused by Obama’s Health Care reform will get unbelievably worse.
My statement on today's immigration vote.
ICYMI check out the National Journal article by Matthew Cooper about my return to the Senate.
I welcome the decision to keep #Illinois Air Contract Towers open, keeping our skies safe. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=796
To prevent the spread of #AsianCarp U.S. Army Corps of Engineers should consider the impacts of closing #Chicago District office.
Read and share the letter I signed with 25 other senators that was sent to Director of National Intelligence Clapper to ask him to publicly provide information about how secret government surveillance programs have exposed how secret interpretations of the USA PATRIOT Act have allowed for the bulk collection of massive amounts of data on the communications of ordinary Americans with no connection to wrong-doing.
Watch the latest hearing I had with Interior Secretary, Sally Jewell.  We discussed ways to improve public land management in Utah.
Senators McConnell and John Cornyn-TX urge sports commissioners to resist and report any Obama administration efforts to pressure sports leagues on #Obamacare promotion.
It was good to see representatives from Pittsburg, Kansas, this week and discus Highway 69’s much-needed improvements. We also talked about its significance to Southeast Kansas’ economy. On Monday, I’ll experience first-hand why the upgrades are necessary when I visit the Pittsburg community. Summer intern and Pittsburg-native William Mitchelson (pictured on the far left) also joined the conversation.
Harvesting the amber waves of grain is a sight to see every summer in Kansas. Over the next few weeks, I invite you to upload your favorite harvest photos to my Facebook page, and I’ll choose some to feature. Thank you to all who make harvest possible and keep the agricultural industry alive and well in our state.
Today was the final workday for my first group of summer interns, and they gave me a great throw blanket with our photo on it. I want to thank each of them and let them know I appreciate the work they did for Alaska.
These FBI/NSA surveillance tactics have Alaskans angry and concerned about government infringements on our privacy rights.  Today, 25 of my Senate colleagues and I asked the Director of National Intelligence tough questions and want answers.  Some of the questions:  *  Are they collecting and tracking our locations using cell phones signals? *  We know they're collecting our phone logs.  What else are they collecting on us? *  Who has access to these records?  Is it military members, federal employees, private-sector contractors? *  Can you give us concrete examples of times watching our phone records helped avert a plot?
Alaskans are deeply connected to our military community and we salute them for their bravery and courage.  I'm honored to introduce you to Sergeant Tyler Hall - the first Alaskan to be injured during Operation Iraqi Freedom - in my 13th Veteran Spotlight today. If you have a neighbor, friend or family member you think deserves a shout out, please send a suggestion to spotlight@murkowski.senate.gov
There's a reality we Alaskans understand that I make everyday to Americans in the Lower 48 and Congress: the United States is an Arctic Nation and we must seize the opportunities opening up for us in the region -- or risk falling behind other countries, and missing the economic potential it holds for those who prioritize it.
A $16 trillion deficit means making difficult decisions and smart cuts.  I’ve cut my office budget without furloughing employees or cutting constituent services, and today I was able to work with the Appropriations Committee to design a FY2014 Energy and Water Appropriations bill that is almost $2 billion less than last year’s bill – while still providing resources for a lot of Alaska’s needs.
Supporting the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act -- Senate Democrats should put what’s best for students ahead of scoring political points.
On the anniversary of the Supreme Court's ObamaCare decision, the implementation is looking like a train wreck. There is a better way.
One year later,Obamacare is even more concerning. In addition to potentially causing upward of 20 million Americans to lose their private health insurance policies, it could destroy an estimated 800,000 jobs.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/28/obamacare-one-year-after-supreme-court-approval/#ixzz2XWBJ4R9R
This Saturday I will be delivering the National Weekly Republican Address. It will be aired nationwide and can also be viewed from my website tomorrow, http://roberts.senate.gov.
“I wanted to thank everyone for their kind words and support during the Senate immigration debate. I am endlessly impressed and humbled by the insights and wisdom of the people we are so privileged to serve. Too often—as the immigration bill reminds us—elected representatives forget that they work for the people. Rest assured, the debate over immigration reform has only begun. We can succeed in establishing a truly just system of immigration—one that strengthens the rule of law, advances the national interest, and reflects the good and decent values of the American public.” – J.S.
Excerpt from Sessions' statement after the immigration bill passed the Senate:   "This legislation demonstrates that the governing body in Washington has become severed from the people it is supposed to represent. It is a broken promise 1,200 pages long."
Tune in to WORD radio in the #Upstate at 510 today, I'll be joining Bob McLain! #southcarolina   Stream: http://www.newsradioword.com/
NA
A year ago today the Supreme Court ruled Obamacare was a tax. Today, 42 percent of Americans say that in the long run, the law will make their family's healthcare situation worse, and Democratic Senators are calling its implementation a "train wreck."  http://www.gallup.com/poll/163253/americans-wary-health-law-impact.aspx
Steve Meredith, my constituent advocate for Pittsburgh, attended a National HIV Testing Day event in Homewood and spoke with attendees about issues with federal agencies. The event was sponsored by the Christian Evangelistic Economic Development group. Pictured with him is Terry Fluker, who hosted the event.
I am glad the Senate passed a resolution to commemorate the Battle of Gettysburg.  I was pleased to work with Senator Casey to ensure the Senate recognized the 150th anniversary of the battle and encourage Americans to come to Gettysburg to discover, study, and appreciate our history and those who made it fighting there.
Go Mountain Hawks.  CJ McCollum is the first Lehigh player drafted into the NBA. http://tinyurl.com/nhc45wj
For those of you without a Memphis Commercial-Appeal subscription, you can read my Obamacare op-ed on my website:
Read my op-ed in today's Memphis Commercial Appeal regarding the one-year anniversary of the Supreme Court's ruling on #Obamacare.
