NA
Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor yesterday to make the case for her bipartisan legislation that adds tough new reforms to prevent military sexual assault and better support victims.  Watch video here: 
We’re bringing our office to you, the President submits his budget to Congress, the Senate confirms a new federal judge for Arkansas and much more in this edition of the “Week in Review.” 
There's one more week to turn in the application to be considered for a summer internship. This is  a great opportunity to do rewarding work on behalf of the people of Arkansas. You can find more information below.
NA
NA
Senator Jim Risch and I voted yesterday to enact new measures to increase protections for military personnel from sexual assault.  The Victims Protection Act empowers victims, increases protections against retaliation for reporting sexual traumas and further increases accountability in the military justice system.  Just as in the civilian world, where we continue to make tremendous progress in increasing awareness about and combatting domestic and sexual violence, we should enhance the protection for service personnel and aid victims, punish offenders and deter future violence.  I have heard from passionate supporters on all sides of the debate on how to address this issue within our Armed Forces.  At no point in time was there a question of if something should be done, but rather how to address the issue in a way that provides increased support for victims, improves their access to justice and works to change military culture to be absolutely intolerant of sexual assault.  The measure was successful on a procedural vote with final passage expected Monday evening. 
The Administration announced yesterday that it would now allow people who fell victim to the president’s oft-repeated pledge, ‘if you like your plan, you can keep it,’ to renew their health insurance policies for two more years—pushing the issue well beyond the midterm elections. The Administration, in a failed attempt to fix one of the many problems with the law, previously announced it would allow consumers to extend their policies for only one year from the initial planned rollout date.  The White House has repeatedly delayed key parts of the law because of the entirely-predictable problems that have arisen and made selective interpretations of the law to advance the Administration’s political interests.  We must work to repeal and replace this damaging law with true reforms that improve access to affordable, high quality health care for all individuals and families. 
Looking forward to talking accounabilty - or lack thereof by Obama administration - at CPAC this morning.
We win by standing unequivocally for principle & inspiring people that there is a better tomorrow. #CPAC2014 #MakeDCListen 
"Texas, according to a new paper, outstrips the rest of the country when it comes to creating not just jobs, but jobs that pay well." #MakeDCListen
31 years ago tomorrow, President Reagan delivered his speech declaring the Soviet Union an "evil" empire.
The truth is Washington is corrupt #CPAC2014 #MakeDCListen
If a nation wants to be treated as a member of the civilized community in the world, then it should behave as a member of the civilized community in the world and not use its military to oppress its neighbors. #Russia #Ukraine
I’ve received a lot of questions on President Obama’s budget proposal (0:22) and the majority leader prohibiting senators from voting on amendments (2:31). Check out my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” to see my response to your questions and comments on these important issues.
A good perspective from Senator Barrasso on President Obama’s executive actions on health care.
My Tucson office staff is holding office hours Tuesday, March 11 in SaddleBrooke. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.   Where: Pinal County Sheriff Substation             63701 E. SaddleBrooke Blvd., Suite C             Tucson, AZ 85739  When: Tuesday, March 11             9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m.  Appointments are not necessary but are recommended. For more information contact Melissa Martin in my Tucson office at (520) 575-8633.
The White House Easter Roll ticket lottery opens today and will close on Monday, March 10, at 7:00 a.m MST. Signing up for the lottery is free of charge and can be done at www.recreation.gov.  
More and more national publications and studies are recognizing Nebraska’s growing economic success. My column this week explores the factors that drive this growth and what Washington can learn from the Cornhusker State.
Very pleased the Senate voted unanimously yesterday to advance bipartisan legislation I introduced with Senators McCaskill and Ayotte to combat the sexual assault crisis confronting our military. The very least we owe our men and women in uniform who put their lives on the line for our freedom is to ensure they are safe from violence within their own ranks. 
Senator Grassley met this week with the Iowans in Washington with the Quad Cities Chamber of Commerce.  The group discussed projects and policy issues including the I-74 bridge, the Rock Island Arsenal, advanced manufacturing in the area, flood insurance reform, and EPA clean air ozone regulations.
An honor to welcome 50-60 new U.S. citizens today. All looked proud to take the oath of citizenship & the responsibilities that come w/ it
ICYMI: Bill aims to cut backlog of VA benefits claims via Las Vegas Review-Journal: http://bit.ly/1g6CXMF  #EndTheVABacklog
Bob Casey, Jr., Senator David Vitter, Senator Jon Tester, and I unveiled our VA Backlog Report and legislation today.  WATCH: http://bit.ly/1gVFqaC  #EndTheVABacklog
15-year-old Brody Roybal from Northlake, Ill. is the only athlete from #Illinois competing for #TeamUSA in the #Paralympics beginning today. Share to join me in wishing him good luck!  Learn more about Brody: http://1.usa.gov/1dzPDKW
18 veterans & active duty service members are competing for Team USA in the Paralympics starting today.  Share to join me in wishing them luck.  Learn more: http://bit.ly/paralympic-veterans
The fully paid-for, 5 month unemployment benefits legislation I signed on to would bring relief to thousands of #Illinois families.
I am joining with the Red Cross this month to honor everyday heroes in #Illinois. In recognition of Severe Weather Awareness Week, I commend the 182nd Airlift Wing of the Illinois Air National Guard and all of the volunteers who helped the victims of Washington, Ill., and the other towns in our state affected by the deadly tornadoes this past November.  Learn more about the 182nd Airlift Wing: http://1.usa.gov/1cHGPiz
"Obama simultaneously could ruin Putin’s day and brighten the lives of millions of Americans. All Obama needs is the courage to tell the environmental Left to let him do the right thing."  Today is the last day for the public to comment on whether the State Department should approve a presidential permit for the #KeystoneXL pipeline.  This article should give you some ideas of things to include in a comment.  Here is where you can leave your comment: http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=DOS-2014-0003
A new generation of conservative ideas must come from a new generation of conservative leaders, and for the first time in a long time, they are.  Leaders like my friends, Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Rand Paul, Senator Marco Rubio, John Cornyn, John Thune, Tim Scott… and Congressman Mike Pompeo, Jim Jordan, Jeb Hensarling, Congressman Tom Graves, and Paul Ryan, among others are developing policies that, taken together, are delivering a new, conservative reform agenda to once again clarify and unify the Republican Party.  We have concrete, specific proposals to help lower-income families overcome welfare, improve education and job training, and rescue at-risk communities with too few jobs, too few fathers, and too little hope.  We have solutions to end cronyist privilege and corporate welfare, to close the Beltway Favor Bank, and put America’s political and corporate elites back to work for the rest of us.  And we have introduced legislation to rescue America’s working families from the middle class squeeze. To make it more affordable to raise and educate their kids, and afford health insurance and a home of their own: 
Thanks to KRSL Radio's General Manager Mike McKenna for allowing me to stop by and visit about my tour of Ellsworth County Medical Center, health care in rural America, the Farm Bill and my town hall meeting in Hays next weekend.
This week the American Israel Public Affairs Committee AIPAC held its annual policy conference in Washington, DC. Nearly 14,000 people attended this event to participate in educational sessions and hear both policy experts and lawmakers speak about issues related to the United States’ relationship with Israel. I had the pleasure of meeting with most of the 80+ people who came out from Kansas. Thanks to all who attended and spoke up to make their voices heard on these important issues.
We don’t truly address our long-term unemployment problems by merely throwing money at them – what we need is structural reforms that get people back to work. That’s why I’ve been working with six of my Senate colleagues on a bill that that combines ideas from both sides of the aisle to help provide relief to over a million Americans impacted by the sluggish economic recovery, strengthen our current unemployment programs with real reforms, and not add a dime to the nation’s debt.
Those who have volunteered to serve our great nation should NEVER be put in a position where they would be made a victim of a military sexual assault and be put in a situation where they don’t know where to turn.  While I'm disappointed the Military Justice Improvement Act I supported didn't advance to a yes or no vote, I am encouraged that the Victims Protection Act that I also support did.  Today we are one step closer to ensuring victims of military sexual assault get the justice they deserve. 
Some great news for Ohio workers today: Ford is moving production of their all-new truck from Mexico to Avon Lake, Ohio.
I'm speaking at #CPAC2014 in 1hour (2:45pm ET). If you couldn't make it to #CPAC this year, you can still watch my speech live HERE: http://therightscoop.com/watch-live-cpac-2014-live-stream/
Just spoke with Greta Van Susteren at #CPAC2014. Very excited to be here!
Sen. Sessions comments on today's jobs report:  “Since 2007, the population has grown by 15 million. Yet there are 1 million fewer Americans who are working. The result is a shrinking workforce and expanding welfare rolls. Even over the last year, there were 13 percent more workforce dropouts than job gains, and 1 in 5 households are now on food stamps. The economy has consistently produced too few jobs to keep up with population growth, and did so again this month, falling 20,000 shy of the 195,000 jobs just needed to stay even. This is now the 74 straight months beneath the employment levels at the beginning of the recession. The President’s plan to spend and borrow and add debt in order to revive the economy has proved to be one of the most costly failed gambits our nation has seen.  Government debt has increased 64 percent since 2009, from $10.6 trillion to $17.4 trillion. Yet, median household income has decreased 4.5 percent over that same time—that’s $2,268 per household, or $278 billion in total lost income.  Not only did this unprecedented accumulation of debt drain the nation of its wealth, but it failed to provide even the temporary benefit promised. Indeed, this massive build-up of debt has weakened growth and dampened job creation. Yet this week the President submitted another tax-and-spend budget that would add $8 trillion to our $17 trillion debt. He would add more than $1 trillion in taxes to an already weak economy, further growing Washington and shrinking the middle class.  Clearly, we must pursue a new course that creates jobs and that does not add to the debt. Here’s how: more American energy; a streamlined tax code; elimination of harmful regulations; a trade and immigration policy that serves American workers; making government leaner and more efficient; and a plan to balance the federal budget and restore confidence in the future.”
Yesterday at CPAC I talked about the importance of school choice, my Opportunity Agenda and the American Dream.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqoivHUmtIU
A victory for Pennsylvania and for those who believe in justice... http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/20140307_Honoring_the_good_guys_who_said__No_.html
What character trait is one of the most valuable?
NA
