CHECK OUT Sen. Alexander’s guest post at National Review’s blog, “The Corner,” about his “Scholarships for Kids Act.” Alexander said, “I introduced legislation that would allow $2,100 federal scholarships to follow 11 million low-income children to any public or private accredited school of their parents’ choice. This is a real answer to inequality in America: giving more children more opportunity to attend a better school.” http://1.usa.gov/1eQNTPi
Yesterday Sen. Alexander voted “NO” on increasing the federal government’s debt limit “because Congress took no steps to address the federal government’s most urgent need: reducing the growth of mandatory entitlement spending that is driving our $17 trillion debt.”  LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Alexander that Congress needs to address “out-of-control entitlement spending.” http://1.usa.gov/1jan8Eo 
NA
Happy to hear that the members of the Wyoming National Guard’s 133rd Engineering Company made it back safely to Wyoming this morning. Everyone in Wyoming is proud of you and incredibly grateful for everything you do to keep us safe and free.
In December 2013, I opposed the legislation that originally created cuts to military retirement pensions, because it made our retired military personnel and their families pay for Washington’s inability to control spending.   I support a plan to pay for a full restoration of military pension benefits by requiring tax filers to submit social security numbers for their children in order to qualify for the additional child tax credit. An estimate from the Congressional Budget Office found that this fix would save approximately $20 billion over 10 years. Unfortunately, Democrats refused to allow a vote on this proposal.   Yesterday the Senate passed legislation that addresses the cuts to military pensions in exchange for alternative spending reductions that won’t take place for 10 years. I opposed this bill because repealing these cuts now with only a promise to pay for it later is fiscally irresponsible and again delays making the hard choices needed to get our financial house in order.  My vote against this measure was based not on military families but on forcing Washington to pay for its spending. While I am glad the benefits have been restored, I remain dismayed by the reality that since this bill will not be paid for until a decade from now, Congress has plenty of time to undo its obligation.
News Release: I recently co-sponsored legislation to prevent further targeting of conservative and social welfare groups by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  Using tax scrutiny to silence political dissent is intolerable and undermines the very principles our nation was founded up. It is paramount Congress conclude the investigation into the wrongful IRS activity and enact reforms to safeguard Americans’ ability to express their political beliefs.
The United States has won three gold medals thus far in the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi-- and two of those three have been won by Idaho natives.  We are very proud of Kaitlyn Farrington, a Sun Valley-native, for taking the gold medal in the Snowboard-Halfpipe competition.  #TeamUSA
Aroostook County’s own Russell Currier will be competing in the biathlon 20 kilometer tomorrow at 9 AM ET.  All of Maine and America will be rooting for him!
Snowing big time in D.C.  Look forward to getting back to Texas Friday.
Senator Corker’s Washington, Tri-Cities, Knoxville and Chattanooga offices are closed today due to weather. If you need assistance, please contact our Nashville, Jackson or Memphis office. For complete contact information, visit: http://1.usa.gov/1jBr6Jn. 
We must protect the rights of citizens of the states to define marriage and not have the definition dictated by the federal government.
The #DebtCeiling provides critical junctures to take action to promote fiscal accountability.
Proud to work with United States Senator Mike Lee to introduce the State Marriage Defense Act to safeguard the ability of states to preserve traditional marriage for its residents.
#FullRepeal looks better and better.
In light of the #IRS targeting scandal, the last thing we should do is give the IRS more power to suppress speech. 
Sorry, California.
“An increase in the debt limit should be accompanied by structural reforms that deal with excess spending.  This measure did not."
While at state Capitol I was invited to address Senate Caucus.  I enjoyed Q&A w those state Senators
Wash DC shut down bc blizzard I got out last nite Came to DesMoines   Visiting Iowa House where grandson Pat serves
Proud to cast my vote to restore retirement benefits for our nation’s heroes.
DC's experiencing a major snow storm today.  While the weather feels a bit like home, it's no challenge for my crew.  My office is open for business.
I am always happy to welcome young adults to intern in my Washington, D.C. and state offices.  Individuals interested in interning this summer should submit an application by this Saturday, February 15.  Find application details on my website. 
Good luck to #IL athlete Ann Swisshelm & Team USA curling against Japan tomorrow.  Follow all the athletes: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to Jason Brown in the Men's Short Program at 9:00 a.m. CT tomorrow.  Follow all the athletes: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
Greta: A number of states already have this? Me:  Yes, a number of states already have it. And so what we want to do is to make this system-wide within the federal system, create more transparency among the states and make the whole program more effective and efficient so it doesn't have to be so big. Greta: What's the response from the the democratic side of the aisle? Me: There hasn't been much of one yet which I'm taking to be a good sign. It's difficult for them to push back on something that helps people to get out of poverty. That's the whole purpose of our welfare system in the first place is to alleviate poverty. We want to get people out of poverty, they are going to have a hard time contending against that.   Watch the rest of the interview below:
We hit most of these topics during tonight's tele-townhall.  I appreciate everyone who participated in the event.
You can still participate in the last 30 minutes of my tele-townhall.  Come join us here: 
My February tele-townhall is starting now. You can participate on Facebook here:
This week, I had the opportunity to visit with leadership at several Kansas community colleges — including Dodge City Community College, Hutchinson Community College, Johnson County Community College, Kansas City Kansas Community College, Pratt Community College and Seward County Community College/Area Technical School — to learn more about the issues impacting their institutions. They were in Washington for the Association of Community College Trustees’ 2014 National Legislative Summit.  As a member of the Senate Appropriations education subcommittee, which has authority over the budget of the U.S. Department of Education, these conversations are critical to helping me assess how the Department’s higher education initiatives are serving Kansas students and colleges.
I want to thank my friend and colleague Senator Ron Wyden for his leadership working with me on the Energy Committee. Today he passed the Chairman's gavel over to Senator Mary Landrieu, who I look forward to working with and building on the momentum as one of the few committees following regular process and advancing legislation to improve our nation’s energy and public lands policy.
I can’t speak for other offices on Capitol Hill, but my staff is here and hard at work for ALaska come snow, hail, or high water.
Get well soon Mike Stepovich - you are a true champion for Alaska and I wish you a speedy recovery.
Today I was proud to cast my vote for a bipartisan, responsible bill that restores our early military retirees' full pensions. The 1% cut to their cost of living adjustments as a part of the bipartisan budget agreement is something I’ve been fighting to repeal since before that bill was passed in December.  It passed the House of Representatives yesterday, so it's headed to the President's desk now.
Read my latest weekly column: Obamacare's Unintended Consequences 
TOMORROW, Friday, Feb. 14, I will be in Northern Kentucky for a community forum with Rep. Thomas Massie.  CAMPBELL COUNTY COMMUNITY FORUM  TIME: 2:15 p.m. ET LOCATION: Wilder City Building, 520 Licking Pike, Wilder, KY 41071  I will also visit Northern Kentucky University to speak to the Chase College of Law chapter of The Federalist Society. Click here for more info: http://chaselaw.nku.edu/chase-news/federalistsocietyrandpaul.html
Senator Rubio: World Must Wake Up To What’s Happening Now In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1dLx2Y2  
Senator Rubio Discusses Reforming Higher Education, Restoring The American Dream on PBS NewsHour:
Senator Rubio on BuzzFeed: 8 Ways To Improve Higher Education: bzfd.it/NFWr0t  
I am pleased that small family-owned farms will not be subjected to unlawful scrutiny by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.  I’ve said all along that OSHA has no business regulating grain storage bins on family farms. I am encouraged to see that the agency finally seems to have come to its senses on this issue.
