"Ray's commitment to improving the lives of his constituents truly raised the bar for public service in our state. Always quick to share wit and wisdom, he served with tremendous enthusiasm, remarkable diligence, and a deep and abiding love for the people of the North Country. Ray touched so many lives and he will be deeply missed."
Sunrise from Mount Washington
NA
Unbelievable. Fewer than 50k people have been able to sign up for ObamaCare while millions of Americans are being forced to lose their current coverage. Even former President Bill Clinton is calling on President Obama to keep his promise and let people to keep their current health care plan. Share this message if you agree.
Did you miss Friday’s newsletter? Click below to read about legislative updates in the Senate and to view videos of my questions to HHS Secretary Sebelius and CMS Administrator Tavenner.
NA
We had a great time at events honoring our veterans. We also were honored to attend the dedication of the Hall of Honor Cornerstone for the U.S. Marshals Museum in Fort Smith. Marshals Service Director Stacia Hylton unveiled the memorial stone along with family members of fallen Marshals.
Even former President Clinton thinks President Obama should keep his promise to the American people.
Weekly Op-Ed: As a husband, father and grandfather, I understand the challenges of balancing time with family and our professional lives.  It often seems that there is just not enough time in each day to accomplish all we need to accomplish and also have quality time with our loved ones. In recognition of the value of time with family, for the past several years, Congress has designated a “National Work and Family Month.”  The resolution emphasizes the importance of work schedules that allow employees to spend time with their families and urges public officials, employers, employees and the general public to work together to achieve more balance between work and family.  Achieving a balance between work and family life is often challenging for both employees and employers.  However, the benefits of trying to achieve this middle ground are apparent in productivity and the well-being of our families.
In Houston yesterday supporting Charlie and all the others out there fighting type 1 diabetes.
Cornyn: Navigator Program Should Stop Immediately:
We can do better than Obamacare
Liberal groups outspend conservatives
50K signed up in exchanges; 4 million get cancellation notices.
President Obama told Americans "if you like your health care plan you can keep it."  LIKE if you want to hold him to his word!
SHARE if you agree Obamacare is wrong for Texas!
Steven Hayward at Forbes predicts a #FullRepeal of Obamacare is on its way.  LIKE the sound of that?
Biggest env disaster in Gulf of Mex belongs 2 Big Oil – not farmers #APfactcheck
Obamacare: Oct 2013 Consumer Reports even said to stay away frm http://t.co/zjL1JDc6xw while the mess is cleaned up
Total corn cropland going down: 2013 corn acres = 97 M 1930s = 103 M- New corn acres from switching crop switch not new acres #APfactcheck
No wetlands R filled bc Ethanol -  Wetlands Reserve Prog hd RECORD 2.65 M acres 2012 WRP lands Can't B Farmed for 30 yrs #APfactcheck
I agree with President Bill Clinton, if you like your insurance, you should be able to keep it.  WATCH: http://bit.ly/1cl5ERE #ObamaCancellations
Thank you to all who have served, who continue to serve and the families who support these veterans. #ThankAVet
Yesterday North Dakotans marked Veterans Day at ceremonies held across the state, and I feel privileged to have joined the Fargo community at the Civic Center to celebrate, remember, and honor the sacrifices of our veterans and their families.
NA
George Boesen of Arlington Heights helped save civilization in WWII. Today it was my honor to present the medals he earned. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=news&id=925
I am always amazed by the generosity of Americans, and Utahns in particular.  Here is the page for the Red Cross response effort for the recent typhoon in the Philippines if you are wanting to help those affected by this storm:
"This wouldn’t be the first time that a health care entitlement was repealed.  The same thing happened in the late 1980s with catastrophic coverage for seniors.  Because seniors were made to pay for their benefits under that scheme, the uproar forced Congress to repeal the measure barely a year after it went into effect.  #Obamacare looks to be on the same political trajectory, and for the same reason.  Obamacare represents the crisis of big government; the limits of administrative government have finally been breached."  Comment whether you AGREE or DISAGREE with this author's assessment:
Today, as in Reagan’s generation, conservatives must reapply our core #conservative principles to fit the challenges of our time. We need to be aggressively pro-reform and show Americans we have alternatives – superior alternatives – to unaffordable and unfair big government.  Specifically, and most especially, this new conservative agenda must speak to the challenges and aspirations of those Americans too often ignored by both parties: the poor and middle class families and communities that big government is leaving behind.  Read and share the rest of this op-ed that I submitted to RedState:
Because of Obamacare, Kansans and Americans are losing their health care coverage, facing the prospect of higher premiums, and in some cases losing their doctor. I encourage you to read the story submitted by Michael of Newton, and share your story about how the new health care law is affecting you and your family at republican.senate.gov/YourStory.  “We were notified by our health insurance carrier that premiums on our small business plan will increase 24 percent…because of the coverage mandated by the ACA starting in 2014. As small business owners in our late 50s we have struggled to find affordable health insurance for years. About two years ago we were able to sign up for a plan offered to small businesses through a well-known carrier. It was not a 'Cadillac' plan… Unfortunately the premium increase is going to put this plan in the not affordable range again.   “I have not yet been able to get on healthcare.gov. The few times I’ve tried it has either been down or locked up during access. As a business owner with employees and a lot of responsibilities, the time I have to spend messing around with a slow or non-responsive website is limited and personally expensive.” —Michael of Newton
If you live in or near Wichita, I encourage you to attend the public hearing hosted by the United States Air Force tonight to show your support for McConnell Air Force as the home of the KC-46A.  http://www.kake.com/home/headlines/Public-Hearing-for-McConnells-New-Tankers-231506671.html
The Indian Health Service has only received its funding on time once in the last 15 years.  Once!  And, it's throwing our clinics and health care providers into needless and counterproductive chaos when it comes to accounting and planning.  We fund the Veterans Administration in advance to deliver on our promise to veterans, so today I joined the Alaska Delegation in pushing to have our I.H.S. ‘forward-funded’ to deliver on our Federal Trust Responsibility to our nation’s first people.
Last week I co-sponsored the ‘If You Like Your Health Care, You Can Keep It Act.’ Today that bill got another voice in support: former president Bill Clinton.
Veteran’s Day may be over, but our efforts to honor those who served should never be done.  Part of that must be giving them the support they need.  Unfortunately, many of our brave warriors are returning home to struggles so deep they might not know what to do.  If you, or anyone you know is having a hard time adjusting to life back home, the folks at the Veterans Crisis Line are stand ready to serve you.  Call: 1-800-273-8255 or visit: http://veteranscrisisline.net/
Laying a wreath at JBER National Cemetery in Anchorage
The Veteran's Day March in Ketchikan
Erik Ludwig, intern in my Fairbanks office participates in the Veteran's Day celebration in Fairbanks.
Col Peter. B. Andrysiak, Executive Officer to the Chief of Engineers and Commanding General USACE speaking at the Mat-Su Veteran's Day Ceremony at the Wall of Honor
Kenai veteran Herb Stettler recites the poem "In Flanders Fields" at the Kenai Peninsula Veteran's Day ceremony.
Kenai, AK
As we honor all those who have served on this Veteran's Day, we also remember those who have fallen.  Today at the National Cemetery on JBER, I was honored to lay a wreath for Canadian Remembrance Day so that we man honor all those who have fought and died for us.
Obamacare is fundamentally flawed. It’s clear that it isn't ready for prime time and should be delayed and repealed.
At 11:15 a.m. ET, I will be speaking to cadets at The Citadel. You can watch it live online here: http://citadel.wp.icblivetv.com/
I was proud to let the Air Force know that McConnell Air Force Base and Wichita is the best home for the KC-46A Tankers.
Senator Rubio Talks About Coaching His Son's Pee Wee Football Team On NBC Miami
Senator Rubio: Protect Americans from ObamaCare Con Artists (English & Español): http://1.usa.gov/1i5GevW
"Analyses of the Senate's 'Gang of Eight' bill show that the legislation would add 30 million additional immigrants to the United States over the next decade, at a time when the number of Americans not in the labor force has reached record highs... Experts say adding millions more to the labor force would harm working class Americans by taking away jobs and lowering wages. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated wages would decline by 0.1 percent in the first decade...  'First thing to keep in mind is it's not a good time to push through anything even remotely resembling the Gang of Eight bill,' said Peter Kirsanow, a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, in an interview. 'Even in a roaring economy it would be a spectacularly bad idea.'"
Thank you to Curt Hiott from Mount Pleasant for this week's cover photo--the Angel Oak Tree in Charleston.  This is our South Carolina.
College juniors and seniors: want to serve South Carolina,  learn more about how our government works, and be a part of a fast-paced Senate office?   I am accepting applications for internships for my Upstate, Midlands, Lowcountry, and D.C. offices!    Learn more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-accepting-internship-applications
This afternoon, I met with Federal Reserve Vice-Chair Janet Yellen to discuss her nomination to be Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. I am grateful to have had a frank and candid discussion with Ms. Yellen about monetary policy and the regulatory approach the Fed is pursuing for financial services. I look forward to participating in a confirmation process to consider her qualifications to be the chairman of the Federal Reserve.
Former President Bill Clinton: "the president should honor the commitment" and let people keep their health care plans. I agree.
Honored to be at Media's 54th Annual #VeteransDay Parade this weekend. Thanks to Mayor Bob McMahon for working with me to help our vets.
Great celebration honoring the bravery and sacrifice of our veterans today in Media.
NA
Wicker Report | It is becoming more and more clear that the Obamacare law is not Americans’ prescription for success.  Real reforms – not big-government policies – would give patients more control over their care and not burden them with higher costs.  It is past time for the Administration to take an honest look at the law’s harmful mandates and regulations.  Americans expect better and are right to demand change. |
