This morning I joined David Gregory on NBC's "Meet the Press" to discuss the civil war in Syria. Click on the link to watch our discussion and share your thoughts and questions in the comments below.
"All of this initiative does not interest us. Russia is a partner with the regime in killing the Syrian people. A crime against humanity has been committed, and there is not any mention of accountability."  GEN. SALIM IDRIS, a rebel leader, on an agreement that calls for Syria's arsenal of chemical weapons to be removed or destroyed.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" this morning to discuss the latest on Syria. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
I hope you'll take a moment to pause and say a prayer for those impacted by the Colorado floods.  Also, here's how you can help:
Great start to the morning at First Baptist Church in Midland. Religious liberty is a vital principle that animated our founding and is so important to who we are as a people.
UNI WINS MATCH 0vr green bay 3/0
Estoy orgulloso celebrar #HispanicHeritageMonth con Latinos a través de Illinois y los Estados Unidos.
As the fair winds down today, I hope you had a chance to enjoy the exciting rides and the delicious food, but also checked out the exhibit halls, livestock barns, and countless educational opportunities. Hopefully, you left with a greater appreciation for the farmers and ranchers who work hard to make certain Kansas remains the special place we love to call home. Thank you to the Kansas State Fair Board Members and staff who put in countless hours of planning to ensure the success of the 100th Kansas State Fair.
Today is day two of the Special Olympics Fall tournament in Anchorage.  The athlete oath is: "Let me win, but if I can't win, let me be brave in the attempt."  I think that's a good motto for us all!
My weekly column on the next step in the all-of-the-above strategy we need to achieve energy independence.
Important piece by Robert Moran in today's Philadelphia Inquirer that details the heroism of Medal of Honor winner and Philadelphia native, Michael J. Crescenz.  http://goo.gl/HQjxim
