On Senator Ayotte's visit to the North Country, she met with officials at Androscoggin Valley Hospital, visited the biomass plant and downtown businesses in Berlin, and made stops at NTI, Gorham Paper and Tissue, and The Morrison Assisted Living Community.
NA
NA
The VA claims process has been plagued by errors, delays, and backlogs for many years.  Click below to watch a short segment on the backlog issue.
NA
Despite the United Nation's approving the Arms Treaty, I will continue to oppose it in the U.S. Senate.  International regulations and treaties must not infringe on the 2nd amendment rights of Idahoans.  “Like” if you agree.
Even if you like your health coverage, it may not be good enough for Obamacare
President Obama is expected to sign the UN Arms Treaty, but I promise to fight this and all other efforts to infringe on our Second Amendment rights.  Hear more from my interview with Ben Ferguson this morning.
Looking forward to speaking with the Ben Ferguson Show this morning on WBAP in DFW. Hope you'll listen at 9:25 AM CT.
Will join The Chad Hasty Show live around 9:05 AM CT on KFYO in Lubbock. Hope you'll tune in or listen online:
Congratulations to the Jackson Hole High School RoboBroncs, who placed in FIRST’s (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) regional robotics building competition in Utah and will now be heading to St. Louis, MO for the international competition at the end of April. The competition was to build a robot to shoot Frisbees through goals and climb a pyramid. Their robot, ‘Cowboy Joe,’ won the team 13th place of 44 teams. Of 20,000 students who will be attending the international competition, the RoboBroncs will be the sole representatives of Wyoming. I am looking forward to hearing of your success in Missouri!
Will be joining “Drive Time Lincoln” with Kevin Thomas on KLIN News Talk Radio 1400 AM/94.5 FM at 5:40 pm CT. You can tune in here:
ICYMI: Enjoyed talking with Norfolk Daily News about my efforts to establish strong bipartisan relationships in Nebraska and DC. This week I'm meeting with constituents throughout the state and had a great visit with constituents at the Norfolk Area Chamber on Monday.
While in Norfolk on Monday, I toured a Nebraska farm equipment company, Dinkel Implement Co., which was started in 1952 and continues to be a thriving family business. It is important to provide the necessary tools for Nebraska businesses to succeed and one of the many ways is by eliminating unnecessary regulations. If you haven't yet submitted your ideas for regulatory reform, be sure to send me what specific regulations you believe should be rolled back on my website here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/3/fischer-invites-nebraskans-to-help-roll-back-burdensome-regs
As I mark my first 100 days as a U.S. Senator, I’ve been working hard to cut spending and reach across the aisle on bipartisan efforts that address the concerns of Nebraskans. Read more in my op-ed looking back on my work thus far in Washington:   http://m.journalstar.com/news/opinion/editorial/columnists/local-view-my-first-days-as-u-s-senator/article_e9e6606f-3c41-5a39-b015-aefd857f8684.html
“Controlling who comes into this country is a sovereign right of this country, and I will insist on sovereignty,” Graham explained. “You can come [to this country] but on our terms, not yours.”   He also pushed for an E-Verify system to help employers make sure they are not hiring someone illegally.
Q&A w employees- MackayMitchell envelope co. in Mt Pleasant. Qs abt Postal Service reform, job growth, health care, Rep Party, taxes/budget
Libertyville town mtg w 35ppl. Qs abt guns, UN gun Treaty, Obamacare, Medicare, obesity, DOMA, RFS, Fast&Furious, DHS bullets, sequester
Grassley: N.C. Hospitals Draw Attention to Concerns in Discount Drug Program
Grassley holds town hall in Tama
250 ppl at Ottumwa Job Corps - 1/2 questions abt Job Corps freeze&future of Job Corps. Other 1/2 minimum wage, committees, advice 4 trainees
26ppl at Hedrick town mtg- Qs abt guns, DHS bullets, F&F,energy, EPAregs, Global warming, UN gunTreaty, debt, Dodd-Frank, sequester,Benghazi
#99countymeetings After 5meetings 2day I had pleasure of watching Iowa Hawkeyes beat Maryland NIT semi 71/60 in my Super8 motel  6 meets Wed
88ppl- Oskaloosa town mtg. Qs abt Social Security, airport, Guns, UN Treaty on guns, DHS bullets, Immigration, exec orders, Debt, Obamacare.
SGT Timothy Hall raises the flag at his new home. Thanks to Homes for Our Troops and The Nevada Military Support Alliance for making this happen.
The fight to protect the 2nd Amendment is escalating on several fronts. Fortunately, enough Senators support Sen. Jerry Moran's S. Con. Res. 7, which would prevent the ratification of the UN Arms Trade Treaty. I have joined 34 of my colleagues to signal to President Obama that the Senate won't be complicit in his efforts to undermine our Constitutionally protected rights and our sovereignty through international treaties.
Yesterday at Garnett Elementary, I had the opportunity to observe students from Ms. Brownrigg’s 6th Grade Class dissect owl pellets to learn what owls eat and how their digestive systems work.
 
 As ranking member of the education appropriations subcommittee, it’s important I stay up-to-date with what’s going on in Kansas classrooms. I will continue to do my part to see that teachers have both the resources and flexibility to effectively meet the needs of their students.
Yesterday, the U.N. General Assembly held a hasty vote to pass the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty after Iran, North Korea and Syria blocked the U.N. ATT last week. By agreeing to the hasty process that sent the treaty to the General Assembly for a majority vote, the Administration abandoned its previous insistence on consensus.   The passage of a treaty that Iran, Syria and North Korea have made clear they have no intention of abiding by will only serve to constrain law-abiding democracies like the United States. The U.S. Senate is united in strong opposition to a treaty that puts us on level ground with dictatorships who abuse human rights and arms terrorists, but there is real concern that the Administration feels pressured to sign a treaty that violates our Constitutional rights. Given the apparent support of the Obama Administration for the ATT, I will continue to lead the U.S. Senate's effort to make clear that any treaty that violates our Second Amendment freedoms will be an absolute nonstarter for ratification.
It was great to visit Marshall Elementary School in Eureka yesterday. Last year, Marshall was named a National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education—the only elementary school in Kansas to receive this honor.
 
 I am committed to doing everything I can back in Washington to make certain every Kansas student has the opportunity to receive a quality education. Congress plays an important role, but must be careful not to pass federal mandates that restrict ingenuity, responsiveness, and development for education at the state and local levels.
On live with Dave on the Dave Stieren Show right now.  Listen on KFQD 103.7FM and call in!
Touring the amazing new Covenant House Alaska building today.  When kids enter these doors there will be no question they are loved, supported and safe. It's not only a beautiful building, it was designed and built to be the best and most functional space for young people in need.
Not able to make it to Bethel yesterday for my subsistence public meeting?  You can still weigh in online:
I had such a great day in Bethel yesterday that I forgot what day it was!
In Dublin visiting Smiths Medical to see firsthand how the new medical device tax is costing jobs in Ohio.
Grateful for AFP's support.  This is a commonsense step to reigning in wasteful government spending. 
Rubio Congratulates Jim DeMint On His Installation As Heritage Foundation President
Last year, Senator Sessions hosted a law enforcement press conference with ICE and Border patrol officers and other members of Congress. For those interested, you should definitely listen to this audio of a conference call today hosted by ICE Officer and representative Chris Crane. You can access the audio at this link hosted on Senator Sessions YouTube page.
Sessions visited Coffee County yesterday and spoke about key issues impacting the state:
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has answered my letter: They are reversing a decision that would shrink Medicare Advantage benefits for millions of seniors. I'm relieved to hear it and I appreciate their consideration of my concerns.
For all that we do know about the human brain, we still have much more to learn about this organ that is most fundamental to our very humanity. I commend the president for his leadership in setting an ambitious, but achievable, goal of mapping the functions of the brain. As we progress toward this exciting milestone in science, we will inevitably help healthcare professionals develop more and better ways to predict, prevent and treat the many serious illnesses and injuries that can afflict the brain. I look forward to working with the president and my colleagues in Congress to help our scientists achieve this worthy goal.
Very glad for the chance to sit down with the region's Hispanic business leaders. I appreciate them taking the time to meet with me. Thank you.
NA
ICYMI, you can listen to my interview this morning with Philly's Dom Giordano here. Great discussion of yesterday's visit to Lancaster County to talk sugar reform.
Among other topics at yesterday's business roundtable, we discussed upgrades and improvements to the Route 222 corridor and what that will mean for the region.
Great to meet with regional Hispanic business leaders in Wyomissing yesterday. Thank you for taking the time for Congressman Joe Pitts and I.
On with Philly's Dom Giordano in ten minutes to give an update on Washington. Hope you can tune in:
Great explanation of how harmful the government's sugar subsidies really are to our local businesses and consumers. Congressman Joe Pitts and I visited Pepperidge Farm yesterday to urge reform of this taxpayer bailout of Big Sugar.
I'm very grateful for the opportunity to sit down with Lehigh Valley's Hispanic business leaders yesterday afternoon. It was a great discussion. Thank you for taking the time!
