Yesterday, Volkswagen announced its decision to build its midsize SUV at the Chattanooga facility. Senator Alexander, who recruited the auto industry to Tennessee when he was governor, praised VW’s decision today at the celebration in Chattanooga with Governor Haslam, Senator Corker, VW executives, and other community leaders. Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=285fc630-a3c2-4850-a69a-270ed33e4fd9
I spoke today about the Supreme Court’s recent ruling on #HobbyLobby that ruled that the Obama Admin’s Dept. of Health and Human Services Mandate infringes on the First Amendment’s guarantee of religious freedom.
I’m very pleased my colleagues on the defense appropriations subcommittee have agreed to fund the production of 12 additional Growler aircraft. This important move preserves our nation’s airborne electronic attack capability and continues to support an irreplaceable defense industrial base in Missouri.
Last evening, the witness from the VA Office of Inspector General delivered a damning testimony during the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs hearing. The testimony shows the utter dysfunction and deeply systemic problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs.  I cannot see how VA can continue to claim success in their reduction of the backlog or their charge of caring for our veterans.  Clearly, VA has not been upholding its responsibilities either to veterans or to taxpayers. #FixtheVA #VAaccountability  
NA
We have a huge humanitarian crisis at our border and a moral responsibility to swiftly solve this crisis. We need to also understand that this crisis involves more than just unaccompanied minors. We cannot ignore the national security implications of a weak border. For the sake of the rule of law, our national security and the safety of these children, it is imperative that we get this right. Watch me discuss this issue on the Senate floor.
Have comments, questions or concerns? Need help with a federal agency?  Contact one of my offices for assistance. #idpol
VIDEO - Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Cuellar Discuss Solution to Border Crisis on Morning Joe: 
S. 1696 is extreme legislation designed to eliminate reasonable restrictions on abortion that states across this country have put in place.   It is legislation designed to force a radical view from Democrats in the Senate, that abortion should be universally available, common, without limit and paid for by the tax payer. That is an extreme and radical view.   It is a view shared by a tiny percentage of Americans, although a very high percentage of activists in the Democratic Party, who fund and provide manpower politically. It is also a very real manifestation of a war on women, given the enormous health consequences that unlimited abortion has had damaging the health and sometimes even the lives of women.
A new report from the Congressional Budget Office predicts that long-term government spending will far exceed its revenue. Budget deficits are projected to rise steadily and push federal debt as a percentage of the economy up to levels seen only once in U.S. history just before WWII. My penny plan would prevent that from happening. Learn more at www.enzi.senate.gov/pennyplan
In 2009 I warned that the Dodd-Frank Act was creating a new, huge, and unaccountable government bureaucracy with great power over people, but the majority voted to create the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau anyway and not make it answer to Congress for funding. Now the same bureau that can make it harder for you to get your mortgage loan if it doesn’t think you manage your finances well enough isn’t keeping its own house in order. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau estimated the cost to renovate its rented building at $55 million in 2010, now the bureau wants to spend $215.8 million and counting, but still have no accountability to Congress.
Congress must act but Barack Obama also has the power to stem the flow of unaccompanied minors now. He ought to use it. 
Congress must act but Barack Obama has the power to stem the flow of UACs now. I'll discuss how on the #Senate floor at 4:50 ET / 1:50 PT. Watch live at the link below:
This bill aims to get ahead of the massive wildfire threat that plagues communities throughout the country by making fire suppression and proactive forest management priorities. Enacting this measure would prohibit the crippling practice of fire borrowing, while responsibly budgeting for wildfire management at levels commensurate with the size of the problem.
2day SenateJudiciary will have hearing on Demo sponsored bill that wld strike practically all all state laws putting restrictionsON abortion
Considering the large drop in price of corn in last two weeks I expect corn price to go up considering autumn weather in Midwest this week
“We have been in contact with the North Dakota Attorney General, as well as local law enforcement officials, to determine how to best help them to keep our communities safe. They indicated that we need more DEA agents. That’s why we’re requesting that DEA station additional agents in North Dakota to help us investigate drug crimes and prevent drugs from coming into the state.”
In an increasingly dangerous world, the Senate needs to consider and debate the National Defense Authorization Act before fiscal year’s end — for the safety of our men and women in uniform and for the security of our nation. I continue to urge Majority Leader Reid to bring the NDAA to the floor. Join me too -> http://youtu.be/Y-SH3QJRyY0
Senator Johnson at a Foreign Relations Committee hearing earlier today, asking the ambassadorial nominee to #Turkey about a possible independent #Kurdistan .
Bob McDonald has the military and private sector leadership experience to reform the VA. I will vote for his confirmation. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1139
Congrats to @armymedic604, the winner of my #ILJuly4 Instagram photo contest
I encourage you to read #KansasCommonSense, my weekly newsletter. Stories this week include the urgent child migrant crisis, changes to the E-Rate Program, ensuring rural fire departments have resources needed to protect local communities, working to protect producers from consequences of lesser prairie chicken listing, and more.
Today the University of Kansas Hospital announced it was ranked by U.S. News and World Report on their annual “Best Hospitals” list for 2014-15. Twelve of KU's programs are in the top 50 of their kind in the country, and it's the first time any Kansas City-area hospital has ever been ranked in all 12 areas. The rankings are based on data, patient safety, structure and reputation. I applaud the physicians, nurses and staff who continue to provide outstanding care for patients in Kansas and throughout the region.
Great to hear about members of the McConnell Air Force Base aircrew who were awarded the Air Mobility Commands’s 2013 Gen. James H. Doolittle Trophy. The award recognizes Air Mobility Command aircrews who epitomize the qualities possessed by Gen. Doolittle — valor and leadership. Gen. Doolittle was an aviation pioneer who served during World War II. He earned the Medal of Honor as commander of the Doolittle Raid.
Alaska's military community deserves our respect and our full support.  I'd like to thank my Senate colleagues for helping me address a lot of Alaska's military priorities through our 2015 spending bill -- like missile defense, life-saving combat rescue helicopters, Arctic infrastructure and investment and also the debilitating disease of ALS increasingly seen among our men and women who have served.  We must protect those who protect us.
I love this story about preserving Alaskan native languages by making the most of 21st century technology!
On this day in 1923, President Harding drove in the Golden Spike to signify the completion of the Alaska Railroad, one of the most significant pieces of infrastructure in our state. 
Today I introduced a resolution to help Ohio families affected by stalled Congolese adoptions. Many of these children require medical care and all have loving families waiting for them to come home. 
Enjoyed meeting Dr. Wang in Nashville. I appreciate his mission work and look forward to my upcoming mission trip to Guatemala.  READ: http://tnhealthandwellness.com/sunt-frumoasa-im-so-pretty-in-romanian/
I am proud to represent all our great Kansas hospitals recognized by U.S. News & World Report on their 2014-2015 Best Hospitals list – including the University of Kansas Hospital which was named “The Best Hospital in Kansas” for the 3rd year in a row and is the 1st Kansas City area hospital to be ranked in the top 50 nationally for all 12 specialties the report ranks.  http://www.kansascity.com/news/local/article728342.html 
GE Aviation’s announcement that it will expand its existing cutting-edge aviation research and manufacturing facility in Auburn is great news for Alabama. I am delighted that Auburn will be at the forefront of advanced technology and look forward to the jobs that the initiative will bring to the state.
NA
Great telephone town hall with veterans across South Carolina this morning.
The Senate after the storm:
NA
“When you are lying about waiting times so that you can get a bonus and veterans aren't getting the care they need, that is outrageous.”
