On news reports today that Secretary of State John Kerry plans to sign the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty, Alexander said this is a “very bad idea,” and that he will join his colleagues in opposition “to any United Nations action that could undermine the Second Amendment or any of our constitutional rights, and I’m opposed to any United Nations action that could threaten our country’s sovereignty.” Like or share this post if you agree. And check out this video clip of Sen. Alexander’s reaction the last time this was attempted by the Obama administration (when Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJPYpHT2-1E
President Obama’s health care plan is a train wreck and I’ll keep fighting to repeal, delay, and defund this flawed law. Join me in calling on Senate Democrats to join the fight and defund ObamaCare while keeping the government open.
Senate unanimously votes to consider the House-passed CR that defunds #Obamacare
We appreciate all of your calls and comments. I will be supporting the House-passed bill that defunds Obamacare.
I'll join Jenna Lee on Fox News' "Happening Now" at 11:30 am (ET) 9:30 am (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
One of the promises from the White House when Obamacare was being debated was that, if passed, the bill would lower costs and reduce premiums for families.  Now the Obamacare is law and we are finding that this is just not the case.  As I anticipated, Obamacare will actually increase health spending by $7,450 for a typical family of four.  No Idaho family can afford this and I will continue my fight against this law.
Welcomed eighth graders from Cornerstone Christian School in Lewiston to the D.C. office today.
Cornyn: Democrats, Defund or Double-Down on Obamacare?
On UN Arms Treaty: I’d like to see the UN try to send inspectors to the Texas State Rifle Association’s annual gathering
Will Red State Democrats Defund or Double Down on #Obamacare ? [audio]:
Calling in to Edd's show on KSEV Houston in 5 mins too to talk ab fight to defund Obamacare: http://v5.player.abacast.com/v5.1/player/index.php?uid=6089
Calling in to KTSA in a few mins to talk w/Trey Ware about defunding Obamacare: http://imgsrv.ktsa.com/image/ktsaa/UserFiles/File/stwSimplePlayer/SimplePlayer.html
Asserting the Senate’s constitutional role on treaties, Senator Corker in a letter yesterday warned the Obama administration against taking any action to implement the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty without Senate advice and consent.  “The ATT raises significant legislative and constitutional questions.  Any act to implement this treaty, provisionally or otherwise, before the Congress provides its advice and consent would be inconsistent with the United States Constitution, law, and practice,” said Corker in his letter to President Obama.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16Y4gEn
Any Republican who votes to give Harry Reid the ability to fund Obamacare with 51 votes is voting to fund Obamacare #MakeDCListen
Proud to help give a voice to the American people in the U.S. Senate by reading more of your tweets to #MakeDCListen.
Obamacare: Ain't nobody got time for that. #MakeDCListen
The Second Amendment was put in place to guarantee Americans a vital freedom—our right to keep and bear arms. Despite this, Secretary of State John Kerry signed the United Nations small arms treaty today that would threaten U.S. sovereignty and our Second Amendment freedoms. Wyoming gun owners have made it clear that our rights are not up for negotiation with the United Nations. Before this treaty can have the force of law and be ratified, it must pass the Senate with a two-thirds vote. I have opposed this treaty since it was first proposed and will continue to stand up for our rights on both foreign and domestic fronts. I will fight to ensure this treaty is dead on arrival in the Senate.
I joined Sen. Ted Cruz on the Senate floor tonight in support of defunding Obamacare.  The majority has not allowed the Senate to do its job.  We should pass individual appropriations bills with amendments and changes.  If we were allowed to do that, we wouldn’t be in the position we find ourselves now. I am pleased to be part of Senator Lee’s, Senator Cruz's and the efforts of others to defund Obamacare.
America will suffer under Obamacare and Congress should be no different.    I support the Vitter Amendment to end the special #Obamacare exemption and force Congress to live under this disaster of a law just like every other American.  If you agree, SHARE with your Friends on Facebook.
ICYMI: Sen. Heller: Lawmakers shouldn't receive pay if they can't pass budget via The Hill Newspaper: http://bit.ly/1aoJyNQ
Today, I filed #NoBudgetNoPay as an amendment to the CR. The only reason this nation is yet again facing the possibility of a government shutdown is because Congress failed to do its job in the first place, which is to pass a long-term budget and appropriations bills. As a result, the American people are held hostage by Washington’s out-of-control spending and forced to observe as Congress jumps from crisis to crisis. #NoBudgetNoPay demands that Members of Congress either pass a long-term budget on time or forego their pay. It’s time to put a stop to this culture of congressional bailouts.
 Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/1fDfLF1
Too many service members and their families are already living paycheck to paycheck. Men and women who risk their lives to defend our country should not have to worry whether they can pay their mortgage or electricity bills on time just because Congress has failed to do its job. Congress should do the right thing for our military and ensure that our troops receive their pay on time no matter what.
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe will be going back to the Senate floor at 9AM EST to #StandwithCruz. Submit questions here for Inhofe to ask Cruz and #MakeDClisten.
I'll be heading to the Senate floor shortly to #StandwithCruz and #MakeDClisten. Time to #RepealObamaCare. Tune in to CSPAN-2 here: http://www.c-span.org/Events/Sen-Cruz-Debates-CR-Defunding-Health-Care-Law/10737441638-1/
My statement on #ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/18puGPG
Congratulations to the Mascoutah School District's Scott Elementary on becoming a National Blue Ribbon School. Ensuring an excellent education for Scott Air Force Base families is important to protecting and preserving the base, one of my key priorities.   http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/education/five-area-schools-get-national-blue-ribbon-honor/article_526ecb46-4038-52e8-ae10-df77901687c4.html
I would like to thank Senator Ted Cruz for his extraordinary effort to #MakeDCListen
I spent the night on the Senate Floor with Senator Ted Cruz working to #MakeDCListen.  This is from one of our exchanges:   "There have been those who have argued that if you want to support the continuing resolution passed by the House of Representatives … that you must vote yes on the cloture vote on the bill.  Well, that's an interesting take on it because notwithstanding the fact that some in my party have been making that suggestion, it's anticipated that… senator reid and 53 democratic allies -- as I understand, will all be voting for cloture on that bill. That begs the question, are those same people who are suggesting that if you support the House -- the House-passed continuing resolution, the one that funds government, keeps government funded while defunding obamacare -- that you would have to vote yes on cloture on the bill, does that mean that Harry Reid and the 53 democrats likely to follow him are supporting the House-passed continuing resolution, the one that keeps government funded while defunding obamacare? I find that a little strange. I find it a little counterintuitive…"  Part of the reason we are doing this is to help Americans understand how the process in the Senate can be used to gut the House-passed CR.  When you are done watching C-span,  take a few minutes to watch this clip and share it with your friends, so that everyone can be informed about this important, upcoming vote:
I appreciate the many Americans who have added their voice to the effort to #DefundObamacare.  As I have joined Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate Floor to #MakeDCListen, I have enjoyed sharing your feedback.  You can add your voice to this effort by visiting this page on my site: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
All we need are 5 Senate Democrats to show enough courage to stand against their party and with the American people on this vote #TakeAMulligan #Obamacare
Here's a summary of the bipartisan legislation I introduced yesterday with Senator Udall — The Military Pay Protection Act — to make certain the nation's military families, including National Guard units assisting in disaster recovery, will not have their paychecks delayed in the event of a government shutdown. As indecision continues, this legislation will give our military members, critical civilian workers, and National Guard the certainty they deserve.
In case you weren't able to tune in, here's a link to my interview with Cameron Edwards that aired on SIRIUS XM Patriot this afternoon regarding Secretary Kerry signing the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty today.
Tune in to SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 at 2 p.m. CT to hear me speak on Cam & Company about Secretary Kerry signing the United  Nations Arms Trade Treaty.  http://www.siriusxm.com/siriusxmpatriot
This morning, Secretary of State John Kerry signed a United Nations Arms Trade Treaty (U.N. ATT) that undermines constitutional freedoms of American gun owners and is a direct dismissal of the bipartisan Senate majority that rejects the treaty. Throughout this process, it has been disturbing to watch the Administration reverse U.S. policies, abandon its own "red line" negotiation principles, admit publicly the treaty’s dangerous ambiguity, and hastily review the final treaty text. It is regretful that the Administration has nonetheless continued to press forward and sign the treaty today.  By failing to recognize the lawful ownership of firearms or the inherent right to self-defense as fundamental individual rights, the ATT poses a significant threat to our Second Amendment freedoms. As such, I am confident the Senate will overwhelmingly oppose ratification of the ATT and ultimately refuse to uphold its object and purpose.
Thanks to all Alaskans for being so engaged on the topic of today’s continuing resolution vote.  Moments ago, I joined all my Senate colleagues in unanimously moving forward with the House bill that keeps the government running and defunds the Affordable Care Act.  As Alaskans know: I oppose the Affordable Care Act and will continue to vote to repeal, delay, and dismantle the law.  For more information on my votes and legislation, visit:
Here is my statement in response to the KY Attorney General's letter on hemp:   "Kentucky law provides for the production of industrial hemp in the Commonwealth and we are ready to move forward. The Obama Administration has weighed in on laws in other states and I would expect for Kentucky to be treated equally in this process. I support Agriculture Commissioner James Comer's efforts on this issue and I will continue to do all I can to secure this new industry for Kentucky."
Earlier this afternoon, I joined Sen. McConnell on the Senate floor to discuss the consequences of #Obamacare in Kentucky.   Watch here: www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Jb2T9z06H4
This morning, I joined Sen. Cruz on the floor again to discuss why we must defund Obamacare.    Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jL4FhGy-lx4
Senator Cruz still going!  I'm on my way back to help him out this morning.  Tune in to hear more about #MakeDCListen  http://www.c-span.org/Events/Sen-Cruz-Continues-Floor-Speech-Senate-Procedural-Vote-on-CR-Later-Today/10737441638-1/
The fight continues! #DefundObamaCare
 
 Follow Senator Roberts on twitter: https://twitter.com/senpatroberts
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Efforts To Defund ObamaCare  Senator Marco Rubio: “The President in his own way is defunding elements of ObamaCare already. He has already slowed down the implementation of the employer mandate. They are trying to issue all kinds of waivers to exempt people from this, including members of Congress. So this notion that somehow to not fund ObamaCare means we have to shut down the government - that is all up to the President and to the Democrats in the Senate. They are the ones that have decided to make that the choice.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses ObamaCare, Iran and Pope's interview w/ Hugh Hewitt. VIDEO http://bit.ly/15U4nkg FULL TRANSCRIPT: http://bit.ly/18WRf0k  Excerpts from Interview on “The Hugh Hewitt Show” U.S. Senator Marco Rubio September 24, 2013 http://youtu.be/gaJd50e_mQY   Full transcript available on http://www.hughhewitt.com/.   RUBIO ON OBAMACARE Hewitt: “So Senator, the President had a very bad three weeks with Syria, and feels embarrassed and weak, and he then was tone deaf when the massacre happened on Monday and gave a bitter partisan speech which earned him a lot of criticism. It looks to me like he wants a shutdown, he wants to have a confrontation with Republicans, because it seems like the Republicans are the only people he can beat up on like a drum. Do you think he wants the government to shut down?”   Rubio: “I think they’re prepared to have one. I think they’ve calculated politically that it’s a winner for them, and that they’ve as a result, you see the attitude he’s taken. It’s interesting to me that if you watch the media coverage of this whole debate, and no one is pointing the fact out that the President is willing to shut down the government if we don’t fully fund a disastrous program that he himself has had to delay major portions of. So there’s a program that he’s put in place, Obamacare, that even his own allies in the labor unions are asking him to either modify or give them a waiver from. And so it’s a program that isn’t working, and he’s asking us to continue to fund it. And he’s saying I don’t care if you fund the rest of the government. If you don’t fund that, I will veto it. I will basically shut down the government. And I’m just shocked that there isn’t more attention being paid to that reality, because that’s basically his position.”   Hewitt: “Well, this takes us back to where we began, Senator Cruz’ long conversation/filibuster, whatever it is called, and the fact that some on the Republican side are throwing bricks at him, and at Rand Paul and at Mike Lee and at you for being confrontational over this, as opposed to simply disagreeing with tactics. And my question is, when’s that going to end, because it seems to me that if we’re fighting, even if you disagree on tactics, there is no upside in slagging the people with an R behind their name?”   Rubio: “Yeah, and I think that’s been a two-way street, unfortunately, but I would just say this to you about that. At the end of the day, I would tell people 100% of the Republicans in the Senate are in favor of getting rid of Obamacare. Unfortunately, we do not agree on the right way to do it. And I’m not going to sit here and criticize people who disagree with our tactics on it, but I can tell you that at least for me, me personally, this is an issue I feel very passionately about. I did so in 2010 when I ran, and I still do now. In fact, I feel more passionately about it, given the people I’ve met that are being so badly hurt. I need to be able to tell people I did everything, literally everything I could, to stop this. I wish we had more people that agreed with us on that, because I think we can make some real progress if we were united on that. And we’re not, as you’ve pointed out, and I think that’s unfortunate. I think we’re united on getting rid of Obamacare. We’re not united on the best way to do it. And I think it’s proven to be counterproductive. But you know, I’m still hopeful that that will change here in the next few days.”   Hewitt: “Do you think the government ought to shut down, at least as it…not…”   Rubio: “No. No, I don’t. I don’t think it needs to shut down. I think Obamacare needs to be shut down. And again, that’s not what’s before us. That’s a false choice. This idea that we’ve had government funded before Obamacare. We can have government funded without Obamacare. This idea that unless you fund Obamacare you can’t fund the government is absurd. It’s not true. So I don’t, my position is very clear. I want to fund the government at the levels we agreed to in the Budget Control Act about a year and a half ago or two years ago, but I don’t want to waste a single penny more on a health care law that’s undermining free enterprise, hurting the middle class, and will contribute to bankrupting America.”   RUBIO ON IRANIAN PEACE CAMPAIGN Hugh Hewitt: “Now today, the President spoke at the UN, and Iran’s president spoke at the UN, and there is this giant make nice campaign underway by the mullahs. Benjamin Netanyahu said we are not going to be fooled. I am not so certain that our president won’t be fooled. What is your concern about the Iranian peace campaign?”   Senator Marco Rubio: “Well, it reminds me of Reagan’s trust but verify. You know, certainly, Reagan dealt with the Soviets, but he always had to verify what they were doing. Bottom line is yeah, you know, if Iran has had some sort of epiphany where they’re prepared to walk away from a nuclear weapons program, that would be fantastic. I have my doubts. I think that for the Iranians, that ambition of having a nuclear weapon is tied to two things – the survival of their regime, and their ability to have a disproportionate amount, of becoming a dominant power in the Middle East. And so I am very skeptical that they will ever legitimately abandon their ambitions. And in fact, I think that it is quite possible that what they are doing is buying time. They’re basically, it’s a delay tactic to distract the world while they continue forward. So the proof will be in their actions. If they are serious about this, it won’t just be words and meetings. They’ll have to take concrete steps to ensure, and to show the world that they are not headed towards a weapons program.”   RUBIO ON THE POPE’S INTERVIEW Hewitt: “Pope Francis gave an extraordinary interview this week, 12,000 words, all about tone. I don’t know if you’ve had a chance to see it, yet, but I think there’s something instructive in there for the Republican Party. What do you think?”   Rubio: “Well, I haven’t read the full interview. I’ve certainly read media reports, and about what he has said, and I think that the Pope’s message, if you read through the lines of what I read in the media reports, is that the purpose of the Church is evangelization, you know, bringing people to Jesus, bringing people to salvation. And that applies to all people. Now obviously, the Church has teachings that are consistent with the Christian faith on all sorts of issues, and the Church is not going to abandon those. But it’s also important to understand that our role is to try to reach everybody. I think the same is true in the political process. We are fighting on behalf of people, including people that don’t vote for us, you know, quite frankly. There are people that will not vote for a Republican or a conservative, and yet we’re fighting on their behalf, because they’re out there struggling to make ends meet, they want to improve their lives, they’re looking for a job. They don’t want to be on a government check. They want a job that allows them to provide for their families and earn a better life. What they don’t understand, and we have to do a better job of convincing people, is that the policies of big government, while they claim to help the people who are trying to make it, in fact, hurt them more than anybody else.”
NA
NA
Shelby announces opposition to spending bill before the Senate   Senator Shelby: "I will also firmly oppose any attempt to fund Obamacare.  This law is a job killer that will destroy the most advanced and innovative health care system on earth.  It is a monumental waste of taxpayer dollars. Our nation is $17 trillion in debt and millions of Americans remain out of work. To get our economy back on track, we must control spending and stop Obamacare.  I reject this legislation because it will ultimately do neither."
Sen. Sessions: “Write it down: this is just the beginning… We are not going to allow this country to socialize medicine… That’s what the goal is, and we’re not going to allow it. We’re going to fight it, fight it, fight it.”
Sessions: “[Senator Cruz’s] leadership has served a valuable purpose tonight. And I am pleased to be able to support [his] effort.”  Cruz: “I thank the Senator from Alabama. I thank him for his perseverance, his leadership, and his courage. I will say there have been more than a few legislative fights in even the few months I’ve served in this body in which Jeff Sessions and I have been fighting side-by-side. And I appreciate his friendship and wisdom, and it matters in this body.”
Ranking Member Sessions is on the Senate floor with Sen. Cruz right now. Watch live here:
Sen. Sessions will appear live on the Rick and Bubba Show at 10:35am ET / 9:35am CT to discuss Obamacare.
Sessions: "Senator Reid, the Majority Leader, flatly stated a month ago he believed in a single-payer system… and of course the President [said he] did [too]…  I intend to support you [Senator Cruz], and I’m not going to vote to move a bill where we are sure we’re going to be blocked from having any meaningful discussion of one of the most historic, damaging bills in maybe the last 100 years that would basically move us to single-payer, government-run socialized medicine."
Thank you all for the calls, emails, facebook posts and tweets this week...I am a NO on #cloture. #Defund  http://youtu.be/Ag-EVw2ICX4
Obamacare has to go--I have been clear and consistent in my opposition to Obamacare and desire to defund it.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjZZ_cUtTGs
I strongly oppose the UN Arms Trade Treaty, and am disappointed Secretary Kerry signed it today.
From the start, my goal has been, and continues to be, to completely repeal the President’s health care law as soon as possible. #Obamacare hurts our economy, shrinks paychecks, and moves our health care system in the wrong direction. It is simply not fixable.    With President Obama in the White House and the Democratic party controlling the Senate, full repeal, unfortunately, cannot be achieved now.  However, I believe that, right now, we can delay and dismantle some of the most egregious flaws in this law – flaws which have been acknowledged by lawmakers in both parties. I, therefore, intend to offer reasonable amendments that would help achieve this objective, including for instance, a measure to repeal the health care law’s medical device tax which drives up costs for patients and threatens Pennsylvania jobs.  If Majority Leader Reid insists on granting himself the power to gut the House-passed bill with 51 votes, while preventing me and other Senators from even offering amendments with broad bipartisan support, I will vote against cloture on the bill.
