NA
Very important issue in northwest Indiana
Galveston, Longview, Texarkana, Houston, Lubbock, Abilene, then Austin next on Texas travel this week.  See you there.
United States Senator Mike Lee is absolutely right. The Obama Administration's blatant disregard for the law -- especially what we've seen with Obamacare -- should trouble everyone.
After wrestling meet I saw UNI women give Wichita St their first Conf loss  80/71
UNI wrestlers remain undefeated beat Purdue 24/12. My friend Joey at 141 lost his first dual this season 13/9  4th ranked team UNI beat'14
Good luck to Kendall Coyne & Team USA Women's Hockey in their first playoff game tomorrow.  Follow all the #Illinois athletes in #Sochi2014: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
I will be on Fox News Sunday tomorrow to discuss the legality of the president's unilateral changes to Obamacare.  Check your local listings and be sure to tune in.
It was good to be in Great Bend, Kansas, last night to visit with nearly 200 farmers and ranchers at the annual Water PACK meeting. I spoke about the Farm Bill as well as the importance of conserving our natural resources for the next generation of Kansans.
Thank goodness!  I made it back to Alaska late Friday. Out in DC, 7 inches of snow had shut the airports down for a day and half. They could learn some lessons from Alaskans about how to handle weather! Unfortunately, I missed the annual Salute to the Military Friday night but I'm told General Hawk Carlisle had a great speech and the tribute to our men and women in uniform was very special. I made up for that one missed event by attending 3 on Saturday. Began the night with the Alaska Outdoor Council where I won a pink hunting knife in a raffle, moved to the Sealife Center Marine Gala, and ended the evening at the wacky and wild Duct Tape Ball -- where you don't have to go to the movies to see Lego people. This morning the full moon is so bright in my bedroom window there's no sleeping in. Skiing today! I so love being home.
Proud the Senate passed my legislation to restore programs for fighting harmful algal blooms last week.  It will prioritize protection of the Great Lakes for the first time ever.  
Welcome home to the soldiers from the 437th Military Police Battalion of the Ohio National Guard. Thank you for your dedication and service.
Read my op-ed in today's Memphis Commercial-Appeal: "If politics had taken center stage this week, veterans would have been denied the right to what they have earned and taxpayers would be left wondering if Washington is serious about lowering America’s unprecedented debt.  I am glad that Congress decided to send a signal that we can make good on our word."
