Awesome time at the Glendi Festival in Manchester today!
Best of luck to Miss New Hampshire, Megan Cooley, as she competes in the Miss America pageant this weekend.  Megan, who is from Auburn, attends UNH and graduated from Manchester Memorial High School.  Tune in to ABC on Sunday evening at 8 PM to cheer her on as she goes for the crown.  Congratulations Megan, New Hampshire is rooting for you!
Sunrise from Mount Washington
The fundamental work of the Senate isn’t getting done. It seems the Democrat-led Senate is more concerned with scoring political points in an election year than debating the critical issues facing our country now.
Congratulations to AmeriCorps on 20 successful years. Thank you to all the volunteers who have made an impact in Arkansas. 
NA
NA
NA
NA
It was a pleasure to meet with Andy Wiseman of the Castleford School District and Jared Jenkins of Sugar-Salem High School this week--Idaho's 2014 School Principals of the Year.
Great meeting with the Abilene Chamber of Commerce and community leaders this week in DC
2014
Updates on defeating ISIS, #SecureTheBorder, #StopObamasAmnesty, #DontRepeal1A and more in our latest newsletter. Please read and SHARE!
Read my latest column “Raw Politics” on my website http://1.usa.gov/1m000y9 
As the school year gets under way, Iowa universities, like their counterparts across the country, are considering their approaches to preventing campus sexual assault.  Sen. Grassley describes the legislation he helped draft to address the problem and touches on the University of Iowa’s latest developments here.
“ESPN choosing NDSU for a GameDay broadcast again this year reflects well not only on the university and its players, but also on Fargo and North Dakota. We’re really looking forward to tomorrow’s celebration and game! Go Bison!”
Yesterday I joined the Oklahoma Honor Flight program and greeted WWII Veterans at the WWII memorial. It was an honor to speak with them and it was a wonderful reminder that there is no adequate compensation for what our nation’s veterans have bravely and honorably secured for us. But, we can strive to pay tribute to their service, by continuing our commitment to provide them with the best possible care and recognition. #WWIIvets
This week I joined 13 of my Senate colleagues in sending a letter to Sec. John Kerry calling for the Obama Administration to provide a plan for dealing with the large number of Westerners that are fighting alongside the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other terrorist organizations. I find it unacceptable that the administration has yet to take strong action to prevent these Westerners from entering the U.S. to carry out terrorist acts.
This is the 9/11 memorial outside of City Hall in Monroe, WI. It includes a piece of steel taken from the rubble of the World Trade Center. #NeverForget
“I have heard from many Kentucky veterans who are concerned they would not receive their COLA this year,” Senator McConnell said. “Our veterans have fought hard to defend our country and our freedom and I am honored to fight on their behalf in the United States Senate.  I am pleased the Senate has taken action to help Kentucky’s veterans, military retirees and their families.” 
It was a pleasure to visit with Lieutenant General Brown this week and get an update on Fort Leavenworth and the Command and General Staff College – the intellectual center of the Army. I also appreciated the update on the transition assistance program, Solider For Life, which is designed to support soldiers and their families during the initial transition to civilian life and in the years to follow. During the meeting, we also discussed the Army’s initiative to combine its 86 training schools nationwide into an “Army University.” The “Army University” falls under the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth.
I encourage you to attend the Kansas State Fair, which runs through Sunday. I was there last Friday and one of my favorite traditions is stopping by the Wheatland Cafe, which is owned by the Bauer Family of Hudson and is near my booth in the Pride of Kansas Building. They have delicious apple dumplings, and I always enjoyed my conversations with the patriarch of the family, Harold. Unfortunately, he passed away this spring, but his sense of humor and commitment to his community will not soon be forgotten.  Please consider stopping by my booth where members of my staff will be available to answer questions.Thank you to the Kansas State Fair Board Members and staff who put in countless hours of planning to ensure the fair’s success.
This week, I spoke at the National Automobile Dealers Association’s (NADA) Washington Conference. This event brought together more than 400 auto dealers from around the country to discuss the role the federal government plays in their industry. My remarks were focused on my role as a member of the Senate Banking Committee, which holds jurisdiction over much of the auto lending financing industry. The concerns I heard on Wednesday included the need for greater Congressional oversight of the powerful Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). I have introduced legislation to restructure the CFPB and improve its transparency and accountability. Thanks to Kansas Automobile Dealers Association (KADA) Director Dave Shepherd of Fort Scott for introducing me at the event as well as KADA leadership team for their participation: KADA President Don McNeely of Topeka, Chairman Tim Lang of Paola, Vice-Chairman Tuffy Taylor of Colby and Larry Carl of Overland Park.
Yesterday was a big day  in Haines, with a grand opening ceremony of the Soboleff-McRae Veterans Village and Wellness Center. Housing for veterans upstairs, while the wellness center is being built on the ground floor of the building. Last month I was fortunate to see this amazing project firsthand and how this center is about valuing people and community. It will surely be a huge asset to the well-deserving vets in the Southeast!
Today is a day to remember those Americans we lost on 9/11, and also how blessed we are to live here. At the Mat-Su Regional Medical Center, the hospital's CEO John Lee and Dr. John Brady planted a tree on hospital grounds in memory and honor of the heroes and the fallen.
Rubio In Washington Post Outlook: Let’s Reject The Veiled Isolationism Of Obama And Clinton: http://wapo.st/1qPelMW  President Obama’s call on Wednesday for the United States to lead an international military campaign in the Middle East has the potential to begin a departure from the isolationism that he and former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton have advocated during their years in office. There is a risk, however, that the president’s focus on a counterterrorism campaign akin to those waged in Yemen and Somalia, and his reliance on regional partners to deal with the challenge posed by the Islamic State, could lead to the continuation of what has been the most disengaged presidential foreign policy in modern American history.   From his focus on prematurely ending wars in the interest of “nation-building here at home” to his abandonment of America’s traditional allies in an effort to placate America’s enemies, President Obama has made it clear that he is different from his post-World War II predecessors. The question now is whether, facing this new threat, the president will rise to the occasion and truly reassert American leadership.   Five and a half years of the Obama/Clinton worldview has given Americans a graphic and often horrific view of the chaos that is unleashed in the world when America walks away from its traditional role as the guarantor of global security. From Syria and Iraq to eastern Ukraine and the South China Sea, we are seeing what the world will look like if our leaders continue choosing detachment: more violence, rivals and partners alike taking advantage of our inaction, and a steady increase in threats to our citizens and to our prosperity.  ...  
Great news for Alabama --> "Site selection experts rank Alabama fourth-best state for doing business."   Read more: http://www.al.com/business/index.ssf/2014/09/site_selection_experts_rank_al.html
http://www.reviewjournal.com/business/las-vegas-rail-service-plans-have-seen-starts-stops
Sen. Sessions delivered a speech earlier this week on the coordination between the White House, Senate Democrats, and immigration lobbyists in crafting unlawful executive actions. Here is an excerpt of his remarks:  "White House officials are meeting with the world's most powerful corporate and immigration lobbyists and activists who think border controls are for the little people.  The administration is meeting with the elite, the cosmopolitan set, who scorn and mock the concerns of everyday Americans who are concerned about their schools, jobs, wages, communities, and hospitals. These great and powerful citizens of the world don't care much about old fashioned things like national boundaries, national sovereignty, and immigration control—let alone the constitutional separation of powers."
Great meeting the Koenig family in town from Charleston this week!
Happy Friday PA! Check out what I've been up to this week in my latest newsletter: http://1.usa.gov/1qKHlGL #TGIF
