“As we celebrate this holiday season, I want to thank all of our brave service men and women, and your families, for your service to our nation. Many of you are away from your homes and loved ones, and we cannot thank you and your families enough for the many sacrifices you are making to protect us and defend the freedoms that define our way of life. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to all our troops – especially those Tennesseans stationed overseas – and thank you for your service.”  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RIWjHPx4QU&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ
Great morning boxing donations with my son, Charlie, and talking about the importance of charitable giving with Chad Higdon.
Mark your calendar.  The U.S. Marshals Service 225th Anniversary Commemorative coins go on sale January 29, 2015. These coins are a great tribute to those who sacrifice their lives for law and order. I’m proud to have played a role in accomplishing this commemoration and celebrating Fort Smith’s storied history with the Marshals Service. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the coins will go to the U.S. Marshals Service Museum to be located in Fort Smith.
NA
New Enzi Insider available. The Enzi Insider is by no means a full list of what I’m working on. It doesn’t cover floor activity, continuing issues and other major issues. I cover those through other social media posts and releases on my website, but the Insider does share new information folks are unlikely to find anywhere else.
NA
Great 60 Minutes profile on Tom Coburn. He's the kind of guy the founders had in mind when the #Senate was created.
Merry Christmas and happy holidays from Senator Johnson!
It’s time for the American people to expect more. Don’t settle. Expect Congress to vigorously defend its institutional authority and the constitutional rights of the American people.
My third Listening Tour stop today was in Edwards County where I held a town hall meeting at St. Bernard Parish Hall in Belpre. The folks in attendance were interested in discussing a range of topics including changes to U.S. relations with Cuba, the importance of approving the Keystone XL pipeline in the next Congress, the sanctity of life, immigration, and tax reform. The community was also thankful for the work I did to protect local Post Offices and I appreciate their kind words. Thanks again to all who came out to share their thoughts and concerns.
My second stop today was in Medicine Lodge where I visited with folks at People's Bank, including Dennis Ricke who discussed the Lesser Prairie Chicken. I also visited Medicine Lodge Memorial Hospital and Physician's Clinic where I met with CFO Tom Lee and his wife Suzanne Lee, Executive Director of the Medicine Lodge Community Health Foundation, and received a tour of the hospital. Finally, I visited with Lance and Sloane Freeman at the pharmacy in Medicine Lodge and saw their newly renovated shop in an old grocery store. Thanks again to the community for the hospitality.
Cuba is only 90 miles from our border, making it a natural market for U.S. agricultural commodities, including Kansas wheat. Wheat is Cuba’s largest food commodity import and while the United States has unilaterally erected trade barriers that harm our own farmers, other countries are more than happy to fill this market. For example, this year Cuba has purchased $150 million worth of wheat from the European Union alone.   It simply does not make sense to continue policies and regulations blocking U.S. farmers from this market only for it to be filled by our competitors. Industry experts believe that U.S. wheat could grow to 80-90 percent of the market share in Cuba if the trade restrictions are eased, similar to our market share in other Caribbean nations.   Beyond providing a new market for U.S. farmers, easing restrictions on trade and travel with Cuba may bring about reforms in the repressive Cuban government – reforms that more than 50 years of the current policy have not achieved. Current U.S. policy only serves to limit American’s freedom to trade and travel with the island nation while contributing to the ongoing misery of the Cuban people. A change in our nation's approach that can open Cuba up economically and politically through the exchange of commodities and ideas is necessary.
With Congress out of session for the holidays, I’m continuing my Kansas Listening Tour today with four stops in south central Kansas. The day started in Harper County where I met with folks at Chaparral High School in Anthony. Topics of discussion included rural access to health care, getting veterans the health care they need, the farm bill and the regulatory environment facing agriculture. Thanks again to all those who took the time to share their thoughts and concerns with me.
An Alaska-sized congratulations to the Alaska Native Science and Engineering Program (ANSEP) for being named the most exceptional program in STEM education and workforce development in the nation by the United States Department of Energy’s Minorities in Energy Initiative this week!  ANSEP attracts Alaska Native youth to the new frontiers in science and engineering, and ignites a love of learning that will reap benefits for our state for years to come.
Now that we’ve got the shortest day of the year out of the way, we start picking up daylight! Here in Anchorage, we start gaining about 18 seconds a day. Every little bit counts!
http://www.kansascity.com/news/government-politics/article4817922.html
NA
NA
http://www.kansas.com/news/nation-world/article4795260.html
NA
2014 in Review: I visit a school in South Carolina (in person or on Skype) at least once a month! Here are some highlights from this past year: http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/2014-review-visiting-schools-south-carolina#overlay-context=blog/2014-review-preserving-40-hour-workweek
Great to see Trooper Alex Douglass has returned home in time for the holidays.
The White House is showing some Pennsylvania pride today! This magnificent tree was grown in Lehighton, Carbon County and the Council Rock High School South Orchestra from Bucks County is playing for guests in the East Room!
Congratulations to Penn State Women's Volleyball on another National Championship! This marks the 7th championship in program history - more than any other Division I program. Way to go!
An excerpt from this week's Wicker Report: "The Christmas season is a wonderful time to help families in need. We can be proud of Mississippi’s enduring reputation for generosity – around the holidays and throughout the year.  In October, a new report by the Chronicle of Philanthropy found that our state again has one of the highest rates of charitable giving in the nation, second only to Utah."
