My staff hosted 19 Listening Post meetings across Missouri this week. Visit my web site to find a meeting in your region and share your questions, thoughts, and concerns with my staff on the issues that matter most to you.
The controversy surrounding John Brennan's nomination, new veterans and agriculture bills, Keystone XL update and the White House makes a political decision to cancel public tours. All this and more in the Week in Review.
The EPA is continuing its assault on America’s farms with another excessive regulation that would be costly to our nation’s agri-businesses. This legislation will prevent Arkansas farmers and ranchers from having to spend money on equipment just to comply with another extreme regulation.
As we know too well in Arkansas, there is an elevated risk of violence in courthouses. We saw this when a gunman walked in to the Crawford County Courthouse, opened fire and was ultimately stopped before killing anyone by swift-acting law enforcement officers. As we look for fiscally responsible ways in which Washington can help our towns and cities protect their courthouses, it makes perfect sense to allow them to use existing federal money to improve courthouse safety. This bill is the smart way to give law enforcement the tools they need to help to stop these unnecessary acts of violence in our courthouses.
I'm looking forward to sitting down with Greta Van Susteren on Foxnews tonight at 10:15 pm (ET) 8:15 pm (MT) to talk about the President's decision to cancel White House tours.
VIDEO: We got VAWA done.
News Release: Yesterday, I joined Senators Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ), James Inhofe (R-OK) and Tom Udall (D-NM) to introduce the Brownfields Reauthorization Act. This bill will increase access to the brownfields grant program for communities throughout Idaho where there are currently 224 eligible sites. This program helps rehabilitate abandoned and polluted properties to increase safety and attract new business.
PHOTO: The Texas Success Story:
Wash Times: GOP Lawmaker Rips Napolitano for Released Detainees:
Cornyn Questions Napolitano’s Leadership:
Cornyn Introduces Bill to Combat Unemployment Among Veterans:
Daily Caller: Senator Cornyn: Assault Weapons Ban 'Symbolism Over Substance:'
PJ Media: Lawmakers Angry with Civilian Trial for Osama's Son-in-Law:
Cornyn: Terrorist Who Took Credit For 9/11 Belongs in GITMO, Not Civilian Court:
KLTV Tyler: Cornyn Argues for 2nd Amendment Rights in Senate Gun Control Debate:
WH seems intent on maximizing disruption from sequestration
Greatly appreciate Senator Jim Inhofe, United States Senator Mike Lee, Senator Rand Paul, and Senator Marco Rubio for supporting my amendment to Restore Growth and Defund Obamacare. SHARE if you are with us!
  
 We must restore economic growth, so we can ensure continued strength, prosperity, and opportunity for the next generations. 
  
 Obamacare does precisely the opposite, and if it is fully implemented, it will create an even further drag on the economy, killing jobs and making it harder for those struggling to climb the economic ladder.
Converse County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Sandy Tinsley from my Casper office Monday, March 11. She will be at the Glenrock Town Hall from 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m., and the Douglas City Hall from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. For more information, call 307-261-6572.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Glad to see this must-read op-ed in the World-Herald by my friend and President of the Nebraska Farm Bureau, Steve Nelson. I was able to speak with him in Washington this week about the importance of saving meat inspector jobs for Nebraska’s workers and economy. USDA should find other low priority areas to cut back instead of jeopardizing valuable jobs and national food security.
I'm pleased to offer bipartisan legislation that raises the exemption levels for fuel storage capacity to better reflect the spill risk and financial resources of farms. Nebraskans know one size does not fit all, particularly when it comes to regulations impacting the agriculture industry.
NA
Check out tonight's Fox News Special with Sean Hannity titled 'Benghazi: 6 Months of Deceit.'    I was interviewed by Sean earlier this week for this special about what we know, what we don't, and why it is important we learn from the mistakes that were made in Benghazi.
Just released this statement with Senator Kelly Ayotte about the Obama Administration's decision to bring al-Qaeda member Sulaiman Abu Ghayth to the United States for trial in civilian court instead of trial by military commission at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.  “We are disturbed by the Administration’s decision to bring Sulaiman Abu Ghayth—a foreign member of al Qaeda charged with conspiring to kill Americans – to New York for trial in federal court. The Obama Administration’s lack of a war-time detention policy for foreign members of al Qaeda, as well as its refusal to detain and interrogate these individuals at Guantanamo, makes our nation less safe.  “We are at war with al Qaeda and its affiliated groups, and America’s detention policy must reflect that reality.  “Military detention for enemy combatants has been the rule, not the exception.  By processing terrorists like Sulaiman Abu Ghayth through civilian courts, the Administration risks missing important opportunities to gather intelligence to prevent future attacks and save lives.  “A foreign member of al Qaeda should never be treated like a common criminal and should never hear the words “you have a right to remain silent.”  “Abu Ghayth’s capture and decision to try him in civilian court raises several questions. For example, did U.S. officials properly interrogate Abu Ghayth before he was read his Miranda rights? If so, for how long? Given the fact that the U.S. required repeated interrogations of detainees in law of war custody over many years in order to find bin Laden, why would the Administration believe that a few hours or days of interrogation of someone so close to bin Laden would be sufficient?  “The American people and their representatives in Congress have been clear that they do not want foreign members of al Qaeda brought to the United States. The Obama Administration’s decision to try Abu Ghayth in a New York district court clearly contravenes the will of the American people.  This decision by the Obama Administration will not go unchallenged.”
Menendez, Grassley Introduce Bipartisan Measure to Strengthen Child Support Enforcement
Grassley not happy with USDA meat inspector furlough possibility
Thx 2 Richard O. Jacobson of DSM 4 $15 million gift to #unipanthers College of Education. Great news for students &  faculty.
Proud to cosponsor Senator Richard Burr's bill to help veterans transition skills acquired through military service to civilian careers.  Considering we have the strongest military in the world, the skills and training that service members receive are top-notch. Allowing these men and women to put their skills to use immediately will lead to stronger communities and small businesses throughout the United States. I’m also pleased that this legislation includes measures to ensure surviving spouses and dependents are eligible for small business benefits after the death of a veteran, which I have also introduced along with Senator Joe Manchin III. Thank you to Senator Burr for his leadership on this common sense solution to help alleviate unemployment among our nation’s veterans. http://1.usa.gov/Wzbxrs
Today’s decrease in the unemployment rate is encouraging, and I hope this is a positive pattern for our economy. Considering this jobs report comes at a time when Nevada leads the nation in unemployment and our state’s gaming revenues declined as recently as January, we still have a long way to go towards securing the economic recovery the Silver State needs.   As Nevada and our nation continue to struggle with high unemployment, finding common ground to move our nation forward is more critical today than ever. Congress has not passed a budget in nearly four years, and our nation is nearly $17 trillion in debt. Just this week, I introduced a bipartisan jobs bill to help address the skills gap and ensure that workers are being trained for the jobs that are available. Common sense measures like this will not only place our country on the right economic path, but help get Americans back to work. http://1.usa.gov/16ejqUP
Despite being a long-serving veteran of the Central Intelligence Agency, I could not support John Brennan's nomination as the next director of the CIA. I continue to have concerns over Mr. Brennan's support of trying in our federal courts terror suspects captured on the battlefield.  These are enemy combatants, and we have established competent military tribunals to try these individuals in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Furthermore, he has advocated for closing this detention facility, a move that would transfer dangerous enemy combatants and terrorists to American prisons right in our backyards. http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=471fba2d-b8e6-43b0-0de7-2f075dda54b5
"They must be made to understand we will never compromise our principles and standards" Prez Reagan’s “evil empire” speech turns 30 today
In honor of Hadiya Pendleton my new video highlights the need to stop drug gang violence
While we need to have a broad discussion about the cost, role, and purpose of federal agencies like the Department of Agriculture, it should at least be easy to recognize that we should cut lavish food tasting extravaganzas for agency employees before we cut food inspections.
"The White House's shark-jumping moment has given these efforts new attention and threatens to take the sequester debate to a place this overconfident administration never imagined. The whole point of the White House's effort to make the cuts hurt was to convince Americans that they couldn't live without big, sweeping government. Now Americans are asking how the White House justifies living with it."
McConnell: ‘The decision of the President to import Sulaiman Abu Ghaith into the United States solely for civilian prosecution makes little sense, and reveals, yet again, a stubborn refusal to avoid holding additional terrorists at the secure facility at Guantanamo Bay despite the circumstances…Abu Ghaith has sworn to kill Americans, and he likely may possesses information that could prevent harm to America and its allies. He is an enemy combatant and should be held in military custody.’
Today, I understand that soldiers and universities were notified that the Army is suspending all tuition assistance to currently enrolled Army soldiers and have placed a hold on new enrollments. Sacrifices in sequestration are to be expected, but I find it absurd that the Obama Administration is deciding to make immediate cuts to the welfare of those who serve this country with duty and honor.  I am also disappointed with how the Department of Defense and the Army are choosing to notify soldiers—adding stress and fear to those who should be safeguarded from this budgetary mess. Soldiers seeking higher education should not have to worry about the Army’s commitment to assist with tuition.  As his first week in the Department of Defense is underway, Secretary Hagel needs to get a handle on how reductions are being decided in his Department, especially when he expressed that his biggest concern is taking care of members of the military and their families. I’m seeking answers and ground truth from the Army and the Department of Defense.
I do not believe cyber warriors should be honored above battlefield veterans.  Combat awards are sacred and I am asking Hagel not to put this new medal above honors like the Purple Heart and Bronze Star.
For starters, I want everyone to know that I do not take down any Facebook messages or posts unless there’s profanity involved.  I think we can have a solid and constructive conversation without cursing.  As for the Halligan vote this week, it was a ‘cloture vote’ to end debate and move to an up or down decision.  I did not support Ms. Halligan’s candidacy and would have never voted for her confirmation.  That said: I told Alaskans during the Bush Administration that I believe judicial nominations deserve an up or down vote except in extraordinary circumstances, and my position has not changed simply because there is a different President making the nominations.
Had a great time meeting Matthew yesterday and talking with him about the great things Special Olympics Alaska is doing for our community.  Be sure to check out to the Winter Games this weekend!
Interior Secretary Salazar visited my office today.  Before he and I spoke, he spent time with Alaska state legislators in town to discuss our federal lands and hear their concerns.
Today we launched a new webpage to help inform you and allow you to weigh in on bad regulations that are coming down the pike. We will post summaries of new regulations, as well as links to the full text, and direct you to the correct page of Regulations.Gov to submit your comments directly to the appropriate department.  Make your voice heard!   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public//index.cfm?p=regulation-review
Rubio Condemns Venezuela's Violation Of Constitutional Order
Sessions commented today on reports of a potential impasse between business and labor leaders on immigration:  “A large increase in the supply of foreign labor will reduce the value of the individual American worker, threaten his job, and reduce his salary…we cannot introduce an endless supply of foreign labor—subsidized by government food, housing, and health care—that does not replace American jobs and pull down wages. The prospects for American workers cannot be forgotten in this process.”
Had a great time visiting with the Isaacs family who are in Washington for a visit from Charleston!
