NA
The Red River Army Depot (Official) was the first stop on a four-day defense tour of Arkansas military installations, businesses and jobs that contribute to our national defense and the protection of our nation’s servicemembers. I also enjoyed talking with Texarkana Gazette staff about the importance of RRAD to our national security. Read the Texarkana Gazette Official Site story below.
Congratulations to the Fort Wayne TinCaps
NA
Had a wonderful trip to Fredericksburg on Monday and enjoyed talking to Danny Roming at JohnnyLees Something for Men.
Senator Corker today released the following statement regarding the U.S. response to the Ebola outbreak in west Africa and the need for a “robust, comprehensive response” that includes restricting tourism and non-essential travel to the United States:  “We have an obligation to protect American citizens first as we continue to work with other countries to prevent the spread of this deadly disease. Until the Ebola outbreak in west Africa is under control, the United States should, as part of a robust, comprehensive response, restrict tourism and non-essential travel from the affected region to the United States.”
My latest op-ed: Ban flights from Ebola-stricken nations.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
The risks of epidemic are far too large for us to allow unimpeded commercial flights from nations afflicted by Ebola.
I'm proud to stand with the pastors. Religious liberty is the very first protection in the Bill of Rights, the foundation of all our liberties. The City of Houston’s subpoenas demanding that pastors provide the government with copies of their sermons is both shocking and shameful.   For far too long, the federal government has led an assault against religious liberty, and now, sadly, my hometown of Houston is joining the fight.   This is wrong.  It's unbefitting of Texans, and it's un-American. The government has no business asking pastors to turn over their sermons.   These subpoenas are a grotesque abuse of power, and the officials who approved them should be held accountable by the people.   The Mayor should be ashamed. And we should all be proud to stand up and defend the pastors who are resisting these blatant attempts to suppress their First Amendment rights.
Common sense dictates we should impose a travel ban on commercial airline flights from nations afflicted by Ebola.
Last call! The deadline to apply for the spring U.S. Senate page program in Washington, D.C. is coming up on November 5. If you are a Wyoming junior in high school with at least a 3.0 grade point average, make sure to apply for an opportunity to learn firsthand how the U.S. Senate works and be a part of your nation’s history! Click on the link to learn how to apply. http://1.usa.gov/SZFh8w
With over 110 turbines, the Top of the World wind farm near Glenrock can power about 60,000 homes across the country. It’s exciting to see young Wyomingites like Bob Ross, Senior Lead Tech, and Brian Halstead, area manager, leading the way in the field for others in the state who might be interested in a career in wind power. Thanks again for the great tour and answering all my questions.  #WyoWorks
Thanks to the Johnny J’s Diner crew in Casper for being such a great team. I liked the broasted chicken if you get a chance to stop by, it’s hard to beat. Special thanks to John Johnson, president of the Johnson Restaurant Group, and General Manager Joshua DeArmon for discussing challenges faced by businesses in Wyoming, such as Obamacare. #WyoWorks
I had a great visit to #Newberry this afternoon talking about economic development and job creation.
I was with Congressman Joe Wilson and Congressman Mick Mulvaney in Columbia discussing the importance of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter to our national security.
Senator Grassley congratulates Cedar Falls on being named the 2014 Iowa “eCity” by Google. Read more here:
Nice job... CedarFalls businesses // just named the 2014 eCity for Iowa for the "strongest online business community" in Iowa
Come to CedarFalls Main St business "Scratch Cupcakery"  where Mayor Crews will receive google eCity of Iowa award at 10 am
Today at 10am CedarFalls Iowa will be recognized by google as the 2014 eCity of Iowa!
The White House’s announcement that it intends to defy Congress and continue its goal of closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay serves as a reminder that this Administration is one based on impulses and not comprehensive strategy. When our nation has gone to war with ISIL, why would the President decide to then send a message like this to the enemy that communicates our country has no intention of treating their threats seriously? The American public and their Members of Congress have consistently opposed transferring terrorist detainees to U.S. soil and any move to do so now through executive action will be met with strong resistance in the Senate.   http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2788205/obama-plans-defy-congress-order-shut-guantanamo-bay-military-prison-republican-lawmaker-vows-tries-shut-senate.html
ICYMI: The New York Times covered the Pentagon’s increase emphasis on climate change and my disdain for the distraction. It is disappointing, but not surprising, that the president and his administration would focus on climate change when there are other legitimate threats in the world.   Read more here: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/14/us/pentagon-says-global-warming-presents-immediate-security-threat.html?_r=0&gwh=97F285E002F81FED133AB4221BA27AB7&gwt=pay&assetType=nyt_now
¡Es el Mes de la Herencia Hispana! Este mes es un tiempo para celebrar la comunidad hispana en los Estados Unidos. Tomemos tiempo para celebrar las contribuciones de la comunidad hispana estadounidense a nuestra nación.
Sen. Johnson visited Roehl Transport Inc. in Marshfield today where he was able to test out the equipment first hand. Check out some of the pictures from his visit.
Operating in the vital space between the isolated individual and the oppressive state, the free market and civil society are where ordinary Americans come together to meet each other’s needs, improve each other’s lives, and meet common challenges... as husbands and wives; parents and children; teachers and students; neighbors and neighborhoods; volunteers and congregations; bosses and employees; businesses and customers; clubs, teams, and associations.  Government’s job isn’t to create this space or replace the service-based institutions within it. Government’s job is to protect this space, and ensure that everyone has equal access to the networks of opportunity that thrive there.   So restoring equal opportunity in America is about restoring equal access to the institutions of our free-enterprise economy and voluntary civil society for all the individuals and communities from whom it has been unfairly taken.   This must begin with the first and most important community of them all: the family.
PADUCAH, KY – Today, Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) was named a Champion of Maritime by the American Maritime Partnership (AMP), the voice of the domestic maritime industry.  McConnell’s home state of Kentucky ranks fifth in the nation in per capita domestic maritime jobs, according to a recent study by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) for the Transportation Institute. The state’s 13,260 domestic maritime jobs pump more than $2.7 billion annually into the Kentucky economy and maritime worker income in the state totals more than $720 million.   “America’s maritime industry is critical to our nation and to Kentucky, which is home to over 13,000 maritime jobs,” said McConnell. “As a long-time supporter of our inland waterways industry and the Commonwealth’s inland waterways infrastructure like Olmsted Lock and Dam and Kentucky Lock, I was proud to help guide the recent WRDA bill through the Senate and into law this summer.  I am honored to be named a Champion of Maritime by the American Maritime Partnership here in Paducah, the heart of Kentucky’s inland waterways industry, and I will continue to advocate on behalf of Kentucky’s maritime jobs.”
Working for Alaska’s men and women in uniform means getting a better sense of their day-to-day. I want to thank the soldiers at Fort Wainwright for showing me the flight simulator. I’m proud that we landed ‘safely’, and I'm proud of their commitment to our nation and one another.
The Washington Post today is reporting as 'news' what Alaskans across our state deal with everyday: out of date maps and navigational tools that make flying dangerous.  That's why I am constantly fighting for technology and programs to give our state the safe skies that the Lower 48 takes for granted.
I stand with the pastors and churches in Houston against government interference and harassment.  #pulpitfreedom   http://t.co/XsqeC9UVoh
The $30 billion NIH blamed the tightening federal budget for its inability to produce the #Ebola vaccine. Meanwhile, it spent millions in tax payer dollars on chimp poop, a website for Michelle Obama's garden & more. We must reign in and prioritize our spending.   READ: http://t.co/UblqXl2Amp
Senator Robert's is calling for flight restrictions from #ebola infected West Africa.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=d347e19c-7240-4445-b293-67f089acdf5d&ContentType_id=ae7a6475-a01f-4da5-aa94-0a98973de620&Group_id=d8ddb455-1e23-48dd-addd-949f9b6a4c1f
Reminder: As we approach the Veterans Day holiday next month, I would like to highlight the stories of Alabama’s veterans. Visit my website to help me honor Alabama’s military heroes: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/honoring-alabama-s-veterans
Yesterday, I sat down with family farmers to hear firsthand how a burdensome potential EPA rule will harm their operations. Under the new rule, virtually all outdoor water, even ditches and puddles, could be regulated by the EPA. We need to make sure we are putting farmers first. http://bit.ly/ZsV1eI
