Today Sen. Alexander said Majority Leader Reid’s use of the nuclear option was “another raw exercise of political power to permit the majority to do anything it wants, whenever it wants to do it. It is Obamacare II." http://bit.ly/1ayUWIS
The St. Louis region is home to a skilled workforce with deep roots in the aviation industry and is an ideal production site for Boeing’s new 777x aircraft project. I’m pleased that Boeing is considering St. Louis as a top contender for this initiative, and I’ll be working hard to make the case to our friends at Boeing that St. Louis is the best place to build this aircraft.
This power grab by Leader Reid and Senate Democrats to break the rules of the Senate is simply an attempt to shift the focus away from the disastrous ObamaCare roll-out. The Democrats decided all on their own to involve the government in every American’s health care. Now, the Democrats want to make decisions all on their own about every federal judge. Neither of these things will produce a result the American people deserve.
The American people know what they get when the Senate removes the 60-vote threshold and the minority is stripped of its rights: they get unchecked power by the Executive Branch.  The President and Harry Reid might not like the American people playing a role in outcomes through the minority, but it has worked well for over 200 years.  This change is a blatant attempt to change the debate about the Democrats’ health care plan as the consequences of this disastrous law are felt around the country, but it has ramifications far beyond the debate surrounding Obamacare.
Read my statement on Senator Reid's power grab by following the link below.
I'll join Greta Van Susteren tonight on Fox News at about 7:45 pm (ET) 5:45 pm (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
The Senate Energy Committee passed my bill today that would help Wyoming livestock producers by streamlining the grazing permitting process. Now, I will urge the Senate to pass “The Grazing Improvement Act” immediately to provide hard working ranching families the certainty and stability they need.
NA
Today Senate Democrats used the "nuclear option" to change the Senate rules for confirming executive and judicial nominees. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and supporters of Obamacare want a distraction to avoid talking about the damaging impacts the deeply flawed health care law is having on the American people. Majority Leader Reid and Senate Democrats want to pretend that the stories from Hoosiers and millions of people nationwide about losing the coverage they like, losing care to the doctors they trust and facing higher costs despite the president’s many promises are not real, but Americans know otherwise. This action to change the Senate rules and weaken the Founding Fathers’ vision for checks and balances is yet another disturbing power grab and reminds the public of how the Democrats jammed through the unwanted health care law.
Today's invoking of the Nuclear Option by the Senate Majority is a terrible thing for the Senate, but more importantly for the entire country.  Breaking the rules to change the rules sets a dangerous precedent, discounting the filibuster and thus the rights of the future minorities in the Senate. Before this current movement to ‘fill up the D.C. Circuit one way or another,’ the Senate had confirmed about 200 of the president’s judicial nominees and rejected a grand total of 2. That’s a confirmation rate of 99%.  The Senate has a duty to advise and consent on nominations. If advise and consent is to mean anything at all, occasionally consent will not be given.
News Release: Five years ago, the Fed commenced its unprecedented monetary policy, aggressively pursuing quantitative easing and holding interest rates near or at zero percent.  Those policies led to a $4 trillion dollar balance sheet, now totaling almost one-quarter of the U.S. economic output.  These unconventional and untested policies continue unabated as the Fed continues to purchase $85 billion of securities per month.  Since joining the Board as Vice Chair, Dr. Janet Yellen continues to promote the policies that led me to vote against her initially.  At her nomination hearing, she gave no indication that a prompt return to normalized policy was on the horizon.  For that reason, I cannot support Dr. Yellen to be the next chair of the Federal Reserve.
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told me a few weeks ago at a Finance Committee hearing that insurance premiums are 16 percent lower than the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) projected.  The Washington Post Fact Checker gave her two Pinocchios for her misleading claim.
Notwithstanding the provocation, we are not going to be distracted from the evolving trainwreck of Obamacare.  When Ds are ready, we are happy to talk about real reforms that lower cost, improve access and don't interfere with the doctor-patient relationship.
Cornyn Rejects Democrats’ Plan to Target Texas:
The Democrats’ attempt to pivot at a time when we should be focused on protecting the American people from dropped health care coverage makes their true motives clear.  They will do anything to take the attention off the failure that is Obamacare, even if it means breaking the rules of the Senate in a raw exercise of partisan political power.
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls for Passage of Amendment to Support Victims of Fort Hood Terrorist Attack:
Following an announcement that the Senate will consider Iran legislation in December, Senator Corker introduced a bill setting conditions for an acceptable final agreement with Iran that would restrict sanctions relief until Iran agrees to eliminate the threat of its nuclear program.  “It’s important for the Senate to proceed with this debate and keep the pressure on Iran during negotiations over their illicit nuclear program,” said Corker.  “Toward that end, I've offered legislation that would ensure Iran is in full compliance with any interim agreement and agrees to the essential terms of an acceptable final deal before the U.S. could further lift sanctions.  It would further cause any sanctions relieved in the interim to snap back if Iran violates any of its commitments under such an agreement.  We all want diplomacy to succeed, so I look forward to working with my colleagues and with the administration to support a successful outcome in these negotiations that are critical for the peace and security of the U.S. and the world.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1ekmrq2
Obamacare is proving to be an even bigger disaster than was feared. Millions are losing their jobs, being forced into part time work, and having their health care plans cancelled -- and it'll only get worse.  It's time to start over. It's time for a #FullRepeal.
NA
NA
It seems that if it isn’t broke, the federal government can’t wait to fix it. The BLM can’t wait to regulate hydraulic fracturing, but Wyoming and some other states have been overseeing it just fine without the feds for more than 60 years. I’ve cosponsored a bill with Senator Barrasso and Senator Hatch that would recognize states’ authority to regulate hydraulic fracturing by prohibiting the BLM from enforcing federal hydraulic fracturing regulations in any state that already has regulations over the practice.
It’s a sad day in the Senate when Democrats are willing to ignore 225 years of precedent to distract attention away from the failures of Obamacare.
My staff is holding office hours today (November 21) in Green Valley and Sahuarita. Information about times and locations is below, and appointments aren't necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or just want to get a message to me.  Green Valley, AZ  11:30 am - 12:30 pm Green Valley Council Offices  555 N. La Canada Drive, Suite 117  Sahuarita, AZ            1:00 pm - 2:00 pm Sahuarita Town Hall Media Room 375 West Sahuarita Center Way
Yesterday, I had a great discussion about ways to improve early childhood education with Michelle from the Nebraska Association for the Education of Young Children.
Let’s call it what it was -- a raw power grab by Senate Democrats and President Obama.  Previous efforts to resist the temptation of turning the Senate into the House of Representatives were lost today and the ‘advise and consent’ clause for executive and judicial branch nominations was washed away.  But there is much more here than meets the eye.      •	After today, I fully expect President Obama to stack the D.C. Circuit Court with liberal, rubber-stamp judges.  This court has primary jurisdiction over lawsuits that challenge Obamacare regulations.  It is no accident the rules were changed to stack this court.    President Obama is committed to protecting Obamacare, his signature achievement, regardless of the damage done to millions of Americans.  He is even willing to throw the judiciary into chaos if necessary.  Any American who wants to bring a legal challenge to the thousands of Obamacare rules and regulations lost big today.  •	The hold I placed on many Obama nominees until Congress was able to speak with the Benghazi survivors has been greatly eroded.    I was very pleased my hold resulted in the first Senate interview of a State Department Benghazi survivor yesterday, 14 months after the attack.  I, along with several Senate colleagues, spoke at length to this individual who provided new and compelling information about the attacks on our compounds in Benghazi.    Unfortunately, Americans who want to get to the truth about what happened in Benghazi were hurt by today’s vote.  Without the ability to delay nominations, presidential administrations are likely to be even more successful in their stonewalling efforts.  •	Finally, one of the great concerns about this rule change is without the requirement to work with the minority party to select judges, the judiciary will become dominated by ideologues.  One of the biggest winners of this move is liberal groups who will be pushing radical, liberal judges to serve on the federal bench.
This is a sad day for the United States Senate, and a scary day for Nevada. While today we are discussing nominations, what assurances are there that today’s changes will not apply to future legislation?  The Nevada delegation has prevented Yucca Mountain from moving forward, a policy that is already the law of the land. We have been able to accomplish this using every arrow in our quiver. When you are from a small state, you have to rely on every tool in your toolbox to protect yourself. Now, the opening of Yucca Mountain is a renewed risk. It’s clear that today’s actions by the Senate have made Nevada even more vulnerable to the will of the majority. #NuclearOption http://1.usa.gov/1dlsei2
For close to 100 years, the Senate has had a rule in place to protect the minority voice by requiring 60 votes for highly debated issues. This has been important when it comes to the Senate's constitutional role to advise and consent on Presidential nominations. But now due to the stunt Majority Leader Reid and Senate Democrats pulled today called the "nuclear option," the minority has been stripped of this historical right and no longer has a say in these types of nominations.   Sen. Reid has now distracted the Senate from the National Defense Authorization Act, the bill that funds our men and women in uniform.  It is disheartening that the Democrats would disrupt any important process to fund our national security just so that liberal nominees can now easily sail through the confirmation process.  Despite this nonsense, I will continue to fight for our military and ensure a bill that has received bipartisan support for the past 51 years passes the U.S. Senate.
A nuclear weapons capable #Iran presents a grave threat to the national security interest of the United States and its allies. Over the coming weeks, I will work with my colleagues in the Senate to pass bipartisan Iran sanctions legislation as soon as possible.
I support Dr. Yellen's nomination to chair the Federal Reserve because she has the experience, intellect and courage to wind down quantitative easing as soon as possible. I will also work with Dr. Yellen on the economic issues presented by states, including Illinois, that are plagued with debts that pose risks to the broader financial system. http://1.usa.gov/18qYbS9
Senator Dick Durbin and I congratulate Ernie Banks - "Mr. Cub" - on receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom today.
Today's decision by the Democrats to break the rules of the Senate is a partisan attack on the very purpose of this institution.  The Senate protects the American people from authoritarian one-party rule by requiring at least some consensus to move anything through this body.  The Democrats have just done great damage to this principle by putting politics and partisanship ahead of the interests of the American people.
I had a good discussion with TheBlaze about the conservative reform agenda that I have been promoting recently.
ICYMI: Senator McConnell's speech: Senate Dems Want to Change the Subject from #Obamacare to #NuclearOption:
Proud to see both Lawrence, Kansas, and Manhattan, Kansas, were named the nation's best college towns by the American Institute of Economic Research.
Majority leader Harry Reid has staged an elaborate sideshow in an attempt to divert Americans’ attention away from the broken promises of Obamacare. Senate Democrats are breaking the rules of the Senate so they can continue to invoke the same procedural tactics they used when Obamacare was forced through Congress without a single Republican vote. If the Affordable Care Act had been passed with careful deliberation and input from all those elected to represent the American people, Democrats might not be watching the healthcare security of their constituents unravel before their eyes today.   The simple truth is the Senate has confirmed 215 of the President’s judicial nominees and rejected only two since 2009 – a 99 percent confirmation rate. Kansans are tired of politically motivated distractions and broken promises; 93 percent of voters want Washington to work together to fix or repeal Obamacare. Unfortunately, Democratic Senators are ignoring the real challenges Americans face and continuing to do whatever it takes to push their misguided agenda on the nation.
I'll join Jeff and Rich on Newsradio 1150 KSAL around 8:15 a.m. CT. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
Today I introduced a bipartisan amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act that would support the Kansas National Guard and Department of Defense (DoD) Reserve Components by protecting their ability to carry out cyber missions in support of DoD. The amendment's passage would halt, and likely prevent cuts to the 177th Information Aggressor Squadron based at McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita. The 177th is one of only two National Guard units executing the critical information aggressor mission focused on cyber security, information operations and cyber intelligence. It is vital that DoD protect against the unintended loss of a one-of-a-kind asset and prevent a reduction in personnel from being implemented.
Happy 40th Anniversary to the Homer Senior Center.  Four decades of doing good things for the Greatest Generation!  They celebrated in style yesterday:
Here is another example of Congressman Thomas Massie fighting for the people of Kentucky and fighting against the overzealous regulations implemented by the Federal government. Be sure to follow Congressman Massie, if you aren't already!
With this nuclear option, Sen. Harry Reid (Dictator of the Senate) has sent a clear message to America. He's saying, "I'm in charge, I'm a bully, I'm going to get my way or change the rules."  In doing so, he's causing more discord and disharmony here. There will be more dysfunction in the Senate because of this.   WATCH, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://bit.ly/1iyAA5R
In a few moments, I will be joining Wolf Blitzer live to discuss the failures of Obamacare and Sen. Reid's #nuclearoption #powergrab Tune in to CNN now!
In case you missed it- Last night, I spoke with Fox's Greta Van Susteren about the failures of Obamacare and my upcoming trip to Detroit.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8difC0l6eTY
From my floor speech today: "The majority has permanently undermined this body, robbed it of a vital tool to check the untrammeled authority of this or any other president, so this sinking ship of an Administration can make whatever appointments it wants. What a tragedy."
With Harry Reid breaking the rules of the Senate and enacting the so-called nuclear option, Democrats are again shutting out the voice of the minority just as they did with Obamacare. Senate Democrats are proving that not only are they willing to break promises, they are also willing to break rules.
 
 source: http://www.cq.com/doc/news-3087097
Senator Rubio Speaks at the Florida Family Policy Council's 2013 Awards Dinner:
Senator Rubio Announces Opposition To Fed Chair Nominee: http://1.usa.gov/17tOPEq  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today announcing his opposition to Dr. Janet Yellen’s confirmation to be the next Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank:  “Sound monetary policy established by the Fed is critical for long-term investment and economic growth. Unfortunately, the arbitrary way in which interest rates and our currency have been treated, especially over the last few years, has created asset bubbles and financial uncertainty that limits our economic potential. In the long run, the Fed should publish and follow a clear monetary rule that will help provide greater stability about prices and what the value of a dollar will be over time...
Senator Shelby votes against Janet Yellen for Fed Chief
Sessions: “We have this spectacle of members of the United States Senate, United States Senators from great states all over America, hat in hand bowing before the Majority Leader, pleading that he allow them to have their amendment up for a vote. And it’s really not right. It is an alteration of the whole concept of the free and open debate the Senate is all about. I truly believe that it is. And we’re going to have to stop it.”
NA
This unprecedented power grab to change the rules of the Senate simply to try and shift people’s attention away from the disastrous Obamacare rollout is short sighted, and it carries implications Democrats are going to have to live with when Republicans retake the Senate.
Wando High School and Darius Rucker remind us today how much good is left in the world—proud of Frankie, and proud to be a South Carolinian!   http://blog.postandcourier.com/charleston-socialscape/2013/11/21/darius-rucker-joins-student-stage-wando-high-school-talent-show/
"The tenacity he had to say it like that," Kunkle said. "He was adamant: 'If you like your health insurance, you can keep it, period.' That was a lie."
The raw abuse of power being displayed by Senate Democrats is reminiscent of their purely partisan efforts to pass Obamacare four years ago. Further, they have tarnished the integrity of the institution by ignoring 225 years of precedent and trampling the rights of the minority party and the millions of Americans we represent.  The Founding Fathers intended the Senate to be the most deliberative legislative body the world has ever seen. Unfortunately, actions taken today by the majority party have upended the chamber’s tradition of thoughtful and reasoned legislating.
