Follow this link to listen LIVE on NewsTalk 98.7: http://bit.ly/8ZGmWI
Following President Obama’s speech on Healthcare.gov, Sen. Alexander said: “The president is right—this law is more than a website that won’t work—it’s a Washington mandate that many Americans are finding impossible, and it’s an historic mistake that is raising premiums, forcing employees off insurance plans, increasing out-of-pocket costs, and pushing employers to cut jobs and hours. His speeches worked during the campaign, but today Americans are still no closer to understanding what has gone wrong with this website, or how it will be fixed, or whether it will be fixed in time for them to comply with the mandate.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree Obamacare is an historic mistake. http://1.usa.gov/1cPbrjT
NA
President Obama said today that ObamaCare is ‘much more’ than a website. American families who have seen their hours at work reduced, health care premiums go up, and insurance options limited agree that ObamaCare is more than a website with technical glitches. This law is a train wreck and I’m committed to working to dismantle it.
#DoesObamaCare that Consumer Reports is advising readers to “stay away from HealthCare.gov”?
#DoesObamaCare that hundreds of thousands of people are losing their health care plans?
After this tech disaster, the President must delay his individual mandate. By the time they fix it, many Americans will already be taxed for insurance they couldn't even sign up for online. The President focused on employing ‘best & brightest’ tech experts on his campaign instead of on his governing team. While he won election, many Americans lost any chance of accessing affordable care from unworkable site and law.
Dick Freeland was a long-time friend. His journey from the steel mills to running the most successful Pizza Hut franchise in the country is a remarkable story. Dick’s success as an entrepreneur was exceeded only by his generosity and philanthropy. The number of people Dick anonymously helped is little known but made an incredible impact on many lives. He will be missed, and our thoughts and prayers go out to Deanna and the Freeland family.
NA
Last week, the U.S. debt jumped more than $300 billion, an all-time record , raising our national debt to just over $17 trillion.  This is unacceptable and unsustainable. We must take substantive action to invigorate the economy and put our nation on a responsible fiscal path.
NA
Cornyn: What's the Price Tag For Obamacare's Tech Surge?
SHARE if you, a friend, or a family member has lost health insurance coverage or fear you will because of Obamacare #MakeDCListen
SHARE if you agree! #MakeDCListen
President Obama is in denial about his health care law train wreck and Secretary Sebelius is in hiding. If a private business did something this poorly, customers could choose to go elsewhere to get what they need, but in this case Americans will be forced to pay for and be part of a flawed system or face federal punishment. That isn’t my vision of America and I’ll continue our fight to create a health care system that is more about patients and less about government bureaucracies.
South Carolina has lost one of her strongest and most capable voices.  He explained what was going on in South Carolina government and politics with clarity and integrity.    Lee’s criticisms stung and his praise was appreciated.  There was never any doubt Lee called it as he saw it.  He was a great role model for young reporters and he will be missed.
Thank you to the #SparksShooting first responders. My thoughts are with the victims, students, families & staff during this difficult time.
Government subsidies for sugar are driving candy makers - and jobs – overseas: http://on.wsj.com/1eDlVU5
 
 My bill with Senator Jeanne Shaheen would fix this.
This afternoon, I stopped by The Fuller Brush Company in Great Bend. The company is a good example of community members coming together to make certain jobs remain in the place that they call home. It was helpful to see the plant and visit with employees to learn more about how government agencies and regulations impact the operation. We must do all we can to protect jobs and grow the economy, and that includes eliminating bureaucratic red tape. Thanks to Fuller President and CEO Brady Gros for the tour.
Today, I gave remarks and heard from Hays Rotary Club members. We discussed a number of issues including the continuing resolution, debt ceiling, Obamacare, and expanding opportunities for entrepreneurs. Thanks for your frank feedback, which I'll keep in mind when I return to Washington next week.
#KansasCommonSense: Voting to end gridlock in Washington, update on the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty, Burlington Northern Santa Fe’s Intermodal Facility Grand Opening and more.
Taking the pulse of Kansans this morning in the county seat of Rush County, LaCrosse. I visited with city officials Duane Moeder, Kim Jay and Ruth Schroter. We spent more than an hour on Main Street discussing issues facing our nation.
I stopped by to congratulate Krystal and Adam Hoke on their new small business in Girdwood. Energetic entrepreneurs with great designs at Alaska Roots. Good luck!
NA
Last week, I introduced S.J. Res. 25, a Constitutional amendment that would hold government officials to the same standard as the American people. The amendment states that "Congress shall make no law applicable to a citizen of the United States that is not equally applicable to Congress." The amendment also contains two provisions that apply that same principle to the Executive Branch and Judicial Branch of the federal government.  Read the amendment text here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1011
Senator Rubio: Delay Obamacare Mandate Until GAO Certifies Website Is Fully Functional: http://1.usa.gov/19ovYdA  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today announcing that he will file legislation delaying the individual mandate under ObamaCare until six months after the Government Accountability Office (GAO) certifies that the ObamaCare exchange website is fully functional:   "It is not fair that next year Americans will be punished for not buying ObamaCare when the website they are supposed to buy it on doesn't work. That is why I will offer legislation to delay the individual mandate to buy insurance until the GAO certifies that the ObamaCare exchange website has been fixed and fully functional for at least six months.   "I believe this entire law should, and will, eventually be repealed and replaced. But until that happens, I will continue looking for ways to protect Americans from the disaster that is ObamaCare.   "The legislation, which will be introduced when the U.S. Senate reconvenes next week, would delay the individual mandate until six months after the GAO certifies the websites and all other sign-up options (phone, mail, fax) are fully functional. Thereafter, it exempts people from paying the mandate fines if they can prove that they tried to sign up but could not because of technical or customer service issues."
Senator Rubio Warns Consumers to Take Steps to Protect Themselves from ObamaCare Website Problems: http://1.usa.gov/19WQwXz  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following warning to consumers following President Obama's remarks regarding the disastrous ObamaCare website:   "It is clear the ObamaCare rollout has been a disaster that has further eroded the American people's confidence in the federal government's ability to keep basic promises. With all the problems and errors with the ObamaCare website, people should collect as much evidence as they can from their experiences in order to protect themselves from potential fraud, double billing, and penalties once the mandate is enforced. While the errors with the website have been well documented in the media, it's important that every consumer who is unable to register keep a record of the specific errors they encounter on the website because of the threat of potential government fines for failing to enroll in the future. Make no mistake: The IRS will go after anyone who fails to meet the Obamacare requirements, so it's important that consumers document the online problems."
Enjoyed talking with the 7th graders at Gregg Middle School in Summerville this afternoon!
Going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren at 7 pm tonight--be sure to tune in!
Thank you to Debbie Smith of Goose Creek for this week's cover photo-a sunset on Lake Marion in Summerton.  This is our South Carolina.
Great talking to folks in Dorchester at the Industry Appreciation Lunch today--let's keep working to create jobs and expand opportunity.
Instead of holding a pep rally at the White House, the President should be addressing the serious problems Obamacare creates - its not just IT issues.
Terrific: Penn State-led team receives $10M from the National Science Foundation. The award program is the foundation's "single largest investment in computer science research."
From The Wall Street Journal: Government's flawed #sugar policy is sending jobs overseas. I'm working for sugar reform with Republicans and Democrats in D.C. to fix that.
For National Teen Driver Safety Week, let's set a "no distractions" example for them. Eyes on the road. Hands on the wheel. #TeenDriving2013
If #ObamaCare is raising your health care costs, please share your story. People need to know this law is harming their friends and family.
It's great to be back in Mississippi. Just finished speaking with members of the Jackson Rotary.
Wicker Report | For the first time in 50 years, discretionary spending – the funding which must be appropriated by Congress each year – has declined for two years in a row. These budget savings were first established by the “Budget Control Act” in 2011, and Republicans successfully fought for and secured their continuation in the government funding plan passed on October 16. We must not stop there.
