Having led the fight in Washington against unfair cuts to military retirees' pensions, Senator Ayotte voted today to approve legislation that restores military retirement benefits for current military retirees and protects service members who enlisted before January 1, 2014. Read more:  
I shared a few more stories on the Senate floor today from Missourians who have been hurt by ObamaCare. You can share your story with me in the comments below or by visiting: bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
The Springfield News-Leader editorialized today on my efforts to reauthorize the Victims of Child Abuse Act. They are right: “Protecting children from abuse and helping an abused child navigate the legal system is not a Republican or Democratic value.” 
Balancing the budget on the backs of our servicemembers is a reckless move that violates the commitment we made to those who wear our nation’s uniform, which is why I voted against the budget agreement. I’m pleased to be able to tell Arkansans and all veterans that the Senate corrected this injustice today.  
This afternoon I voted against legislation to give the federal government unlimited borrowing authority until March 2015. As I have said repeatedly, one of the greatest threats to America’s future is runaway debt and continued borrowing. Under President Obama, our national debt has increased by nearly seven trillion dollars. I simply cannot support raising the debt limit yet again without even an effort to address our nation’s spending problem.
It was great meeting with Ty Warner (Northwestern Indiana Regional Planning Commission Executive Director), Dave Shafer (Munster Clerk-Treasurer), Blair Milo (LaPorte Mayor), Geof Benson (Beverly Shores Town Council President), and Brian Snedecor (Hobart Mayor) this week to discuss the impact of federal policy on northwestern Indiana infrastructure.
Wishing long-time family friend Andrew Smith a speedy recovery as he fights lymphoma 
Today, I voted against raising our nation’s debt ceiling.  Congress’ unrestrained tax and spend mentality is unsustainable, and quite frankly, dangerous.  With a staggering $17 trillion national debt, we must put into place greater fiscal controls to move toward addressing the country’s dire fiscal situation before extending the Debt Ceiling unchecked.
According to a survey from the National Small Business Association, health care premiums are rising at a crippling pace for small businesses across the United States.  Many wonder what is holding back job growth in this country and here we have a clear example of Obamacare is increasing costs, forcing small business owners to hold back on hiring. 
We are all proud of Coeur d'Alene-native Sage Kotsenburg for earning gold in slopestyle snowboarding. Giving Team USA its first gold medal of these games. #Olympics #TeamUSA
Sen. Collins with Elizabeth Isele, co-founder and CEO of SeniorEntrepreneurshipWorks.org, prior to the start of a Senate Aging Committee hearing on "encore entrepreneurship."  Did you know that individuals between the ages of 55 and 64 make up the largest percentage of new business owners in the U.S.?
Bath Iron Works is a finalist in design competition for new Coast Guard cutter.  Good news for Maine's economy and jobs!
“After five years of out-of-control White House spending, including a jobless, trillion-dollar stimulus, now is hardly the time to give the President carte blanche to continue his spending spree. I voted against raising the debt ceiling because we need sensible reforms to cut down on spending and restrain Washington going forward.”
Cornyn Votes Against Raising the Debt Ceiling:
Sen. Cornyn Welcomes Home III Corps:
Proud to see Texas has become the largest exporter of technology in America.  With $45 billion in tech exports supporting over 330,000 tech jobs in TX alone, TechAmerica rankings have Texas as number one in high tech trade across all 50 states.
Today's vote is yet another example that establishment politicians from both parties are simply not listening to the American people.  Outside the beltway, Americans of all political stripes understand that we cannot keep spending money we don't have.   Some members of Congress care so much about being praised by the Washington media that they're willing to mortgage our children's future. They pretend we don't have a problem and can just kick the can down the road.  Let's be clear about the motive behind this vote -- there are too many members of Congress who think they can fool people and they will forget about it the next week. But sometimes, come November, the people remember.
Let's not allow the federal government to get in the way of an American Energy Renaissance!
Read and share the Obamacare news of the day. #FullRepeal
In the State of the Union Address, Democrats applauded when President Obama praised diplomatic achievements in Syria.  Yesterday the President admitted diplomacy was failing.   Which is it?
When even liberals admit they are getting sick of defending Obamacare... it may be time for a #FullRepeal
The Senate voted to ignore the limit on how much more debt our country can pile up until March 15 of next year. I voted against suspending the debt limit. Allowing more debt until Congress has the time, inclination or willpower to fix the spending problem results in one thing - more debt.  
Without the good jobs and affordable energy coal provides, more Americans would have a lower standard of living. If environmental extremists win the war on coal, we will lose the war on poverty. We need to be taking advantage of the clean burning coal we produce, look at how to increase productive and clean use of coal, and research other forms of energy. We all want a clean environment and cheaper energy. It would be easier to find both through cooperation rather than absolute condemnation of coal in every circumstance.
What the IRS did in targeting conservative groups was wrong and should not happen in this country. I joined Senators Jeff Flake, Pat Roberts, and John Barrasso, along with 34 Republican colleagues, in introducing a bill that would preserve free speech and prevent the IRS from targeting politically aligned groups. Government agencies should be blind to ideology and not used as political weapons. 
"...for goodness' sake, when deficit reduction measures get signed into law, surely at some point we need to stand by them."      
Today, I voted AGAINST ending Senate debate and AGAINST final passage of legislation raising the debt ceiling.    Simply raising the debt ceiling without addressing why we are $17 trillion in debt was a disappointing missed opportunity and mistake.  I’m convinced most Americans don't want Congress to raise the debt ceiling without structural budgetary reforms.
Happy birthday to Abe #Lincoln, the courageous President whose efforts brought about our #BattleBorn state.
Today we passed a bill to ensure our retired military servicemembers receive the benefits that they have earned. This bill restores the full cost-of-living-adjustments for our military and will now go to the President's desk for his signature. Supporting the great men and women who wear the uniform and serve this nation remains a top priority.
I voted against the legislation to increase our debt ceiling today because it did not include savings or reforms to address the deficit and debt. The national debt has grown to $17.2 trillion, and we need to reduce it for the sake of our country today and for the well-being of future generations.
North Dakota remains an economic bright spot in the nation. A new Gallup study shows we lead in job creation for fifth straight year.
I opposed this provision in the budget, and I have co-sponsored legislation to fix it – meaning fully reinstating the COLA for our military retirees. The bill we are considering today – and will be voting on later today – fixes the COLA problem. That’s good. That’s what we want to do. That’s what I believe the vast majority of the members in this body want to do. We should pass this bill, and I believe we will.
Yesterday at a Senate Armed Services hearing, I asked Obama's top intelligence advisors if "al-Qaeda is on the path to defeat," a statement President Obama has been promising Americans since his reelection efforts. Both of his advisors disagreed with the President, one even going as far as to say that Al-Qaeda is even "morphing and franchising itself."  Why is this important? It all goes back to Benghazi. Please read more here:   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/inhofe-informant/contrary-to-the-president-intel-leaders-say-al-qaeda-is-not-on-the-path-to-defeat
Today I met with the bright young students from Lawton High School before they took a tour of the Capitol building.
Today the Oklahoma Delegation released a statement on the announcement that 1st Lieutenant Michael Behenna was granted parole. These past five years have been challenging and difficult for Michael and his loved ones, and I am glad to learn that Michael will soon be returning home to Oklahoma and be reunited with his family. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/oklahoma-delegation-on-the-parole-of-1st-lt-behenna 
Thanks to Melinda Gates and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation for their life-saving work around the world. http://instagram.com/p/kVPbQfsqFg/
On Lincoln's 205th birthday, we celebrate his legacy of advocating for liberty & continue his fight for human dignity.
Tune in tomorrow to watch #IL speedskater Shani Davis go for gold in the 1000M. Good luck!   Follow the athletes: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to #IL athlete Megan Bozek & Team USA Women's Hockey against Canada tomorrow.  Follow the athletes: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to #IL athlete Jonathan Kuck in the Men's 1000M speedskating event tomorrow.   Follow the athletes: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
I had the opportunity today to question intelligence and military leaders on threats to national security.  I am greatly concerned with America's involvement in Syria, and our assistance to rebels could be used by terrorist groups that are targeting the United States.  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper confirmed to me that the Al-Nusra organization and other extremist groups operating in Syria harbor desires to attack the United States, and that these extremist groups are working with the moderate groups that the United States is assisting.   Director Clapper did not know the whereabouts of U.S. assistance that had been captured by extremists in Syria last year, nor did he know if any American aid is being utilized by terrorist groups.   I think Americans would agree that terrorist organizations with intentions of attacking the United States should not be able to access or benefit from assistance paid for by the American taxpayer.  If the administration cannot guarantee that U.S assistance in Syria is not getting into the hands of terror organizations, the assistance pipeline must be shut.  
Today we made our Jell-O with water from Stansbury Park, UT.  Representatives from Stansbury park were in town to claim their award for the 2nd best water in the National Rural Water "Best Water in the Nation" contest. #BestJelloEver #Utah
Poverty is not just the absence of money, but also the absence of opportunity. Today’s poverty programs place artificial restraints on those who are trying to get ahead, build careers and provide better lives for themselves and their families. Successful welfare programs are those that make poverty more temporary, not more tolerable, and we need to move current policy in that direction. The Welfare Reform and Upward Mobility Act, which I introduced today, will give all low-income Americans the opportunity to earn a good living and build a good life.
My February tele-townhall will be held on Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. MT.  If you haven't signed up to participate, you can do so here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Today, I voted to restore the Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees that was unfairly included in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013. We must keep our promise to those who served our nation with duty and honor.
Today I testified before the Foreign Relations Committee about  the multi-million dollar economic threat posed by illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing to Alaska’s seafood industry. You can catch my testimony here:  
I’m pleased that the Senate took action today to repeal the unfair cuts to current military retirees’ payments that were included in the recent budget agreement. Singling out current retirees and servicemembers is not the right approach to dealing with our nation’s deficit.
Thanks to the Ohio FOP for visiting today. Appreciate your good input and dedicated service to our Ohio communities.
Discussed the troubling CBO report and negative impact of Obamacare "On the Record w/ Greta Van Susteren" last night. Watch here the interview below.  
Packed house yesterday for a meeting with Ohio's community college leaders for a discussion on education policy and closing the skills gap.
MUST- READ: Five surveillance myths stalling NSA reform, debunked http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/feb/11/surveillance-myths-nsa-reform-freedom-act
We don't need the IRS regulating free speech!  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=87f61381-e91a-4072-8f1b-e64c02237479
Go Shockers!
Senator Rubio Delivers Remarks To Community College Summit On Higher Education Reform: http://1.usa.gov/1esq7Db  Rubio: “[Higher education reform] is a national priority of the highest order, and one that we have to confront. Because if we fail to confront it, what we will slowly, but surely, become is a stratified economy, divided between haves and have-nots — between those who have higher education and those who do not have higher education.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Has Wide-Ranging Education Discussion With Bill Bennett:  Rubio: “The Pew study yesterday found that the gap between college graduates and non-college graduates on an income basis is as wide as it’s ever been. We can close that gap, but we have got to make higher education more affordable, more flexible, and more available.”
Sen. Sessions joined 5 Senate colleagues in a letter sent to the IRS raising concerns about Obamacare enforcement. Their letter read in part: “Millions of Americans deeply resent how the [Affordable Care Act] raises the cost of their health care coverage, reduces their coverage options, and effectively dictates the type of coverage they must buy — and taxes them if they do not buy it. Certainly, in the coming months many Americans will also have strong feelings about how the IRS enforces the individual mandate tax.”
"[Traffic relief at Redstone Arsenal] comes after an announcement Thursday by U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions’ office that 20 new security guards would be hired."
Speaking on the crucial role of community colleges in providing opportunity through education
Discussing America's need for a robust all of the above #energy strategy
I urge my Senate colleagues to support my bipartisan Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act. The House has passed it unanimously. Now, it's our turn to strengthen the safety of America's school children.
While everyone is watching #Sochi2014, I'm also excited about the VA Wheelchair Games this summer in Philadelphia.
DOJ nominee Debo Adegbile's work on behalf of convicted cop-killer Abu-Jamal disqualifies him for this critical post.
Today in 1809, one of our greatest presidents was born in a tiny log cabin. Happy birthday Mr. Lincoln. And thank you.
Today, I voted to approve a bill that would restore full cost-of-living adjustments for current and future military retirees. It repeals the cuts made to the pensions of at least 27,000 military retirees in Mississippi and protects the budget savings achieved by the latest budget deal.
Sen. Cochran and I are cosponsoring legislation that would prevent the IRS from effectively curbing free speech by targeting groups based on their political leanings.
