Today, I voted against the U.S. Senate Continuing Resolution.  The CR passed by the Senate today is not the right approach to our deteriorating fiscal situation.  Congress continues to put funding on autopilot and neglect the careful work done through the appropriations process. Passage of this CR allows federal funding to continue at levels that drive us ever deeper into debt.  Making this CR particularly worse, is that funding for Obamacare was restored by the use of a procedural maneuver by the majority leader. The House must now consider the Senate version of the CR, and I will be following the process closely as they evaluate and amend the bill that will be sent back to the Senate.
Cornyn on House vote: "Conservatives...[will take] decisive action to keep govt open, delay law not ready for primetime, & repeal job-killing tax w/bipartisan opp in Senate."
Cornyn on vote tonight: “If Senate Dems force shutdown by refusing these reasonable proposals...will be clear who real extremists are.”
I wanted to take the opportunity to share my position during what has been a confusing debate on the Senate floor over the last few days.  I am concerned about the negative effects the President’s health care reform law is having on our state, our country, and future generations.  I have continued to oppose Obamacare at every turn, including efforts to repeal and defund it.   Yesterday, I voted in support of advancing the House continuing resolution that would permanently defund Obamacare while funding the federal government.  After the defunding provision in the bill was struck by an amendment that I opposed, I voted against passage of the amended bill.  The bill, nonetheless, passed the Senate with only Democratic votes, and now moves back to the House.  In the House, Republicans have the majority and can make other good policy changes that continue the fight against Obamacare.  I hope the House can send something back to the Senate that will pass both chambers.  Some have suggested that it would be better to shut down the government rather than accept a bill that lacks the Obamacare defunding provision.  But this would be self-defeating: a shutdown would not prevent Obamacare’s implementation because the funding for it is almost entirely mandatory, meaning that it occurs regardless of a shutdown.  This tactic would only divert attention from the cascading reports of the very real consequences of the law for individuals, families and American businesses.    This doesn’t mean we say “game over.”  It means we work toward actual solutions that have a possibility of becoming a reality.  I look forward to the Senate taking up the bill again after the House improves it.  -Senator Corker
Tomorrow morning I'll join Meet the Press to discuss #DefundObamacare, #MakeDCListen, and more. Please find your local airtime, tune in, and SHARE the news: http://www.nbcnews.com/id/3080248#.UkdPlxb84Tw
It is critical that we act to stop the harmful consequences that millions of Americans are feeling because of Obamacare. #MakeDCListen
UNI PANTHERS. END 3rd 31/6 over McNeese
UNI FOOTBALL.  Half. UNI 17McNeeese st 0
At Cincinnati Children's Hospital Walk for Kids with Jane. Lots of grateful families who appreciate our great hospital.
This Dayton small business owner gets it right: "the Affordable Care Act...is certainly NOT affordable."
Congratulations to Judge Jeffrey Schmehl, who was formally sworn in yesterday in Reading as Pennsylvania's newest U.S. District Judge. http://goo.gl/HtUpRu   I am proud of the bipartisan work Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have done to confirm highly qualified men and women to district courts in Pennsylvania.
