“The beheading of James Foley, an innocent American journalist, by ISIS fanatics is a tragic, monstrous action of the worst possible nature. The Obama administration needs to condemn and demonstrate that this type of intimidation and persecution of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East will not be tolerated and will be met by the strongest appropriate response possible.” – Lamar Alexander      Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=3c6d32cd-a587-418d-8ba8-6fec958d8414 
I spoke to a number of young people, clergy members, elected officials, and other community leaders in #Ferguson today. I also talked with Attorney General Holder and members of the Missouri delegation about the federal government's parallel investigation into Michael Brown's death. While the federal government can assist with that investigation, I continue to believe that the federal government should not take over responsibilities entrusted to the state and local officials.
The Senate recently took pivotal steps to follow through with our promise to veterans by confirming a new VA Secretary and passing "The Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014." While this legislation addresses many of the shortcomings within the VA system, it will take time to properly implement these changes. There is still room for improvement. Read more in this week's column about keeping our promise to our veterans.
I'm in Jonesboro this morning touring the new NEA Baptist Medical Campus
Thanks to Wayne County residents for their questions and ideas.
Had a chance to visit with several community leaders today in Muncie  and address the Delaware County Chamber.
Meeting with business and community leaders in Anderson this morning. Thanks to Madison County Chamber for hosting.
NA
The Obama Administration has stonewalled on #FastAndFurious for years.   Why is it so hard to get answers from the so-called "most transparent administration in history”?
Today we did 44miles onSandhill Journey It was a windshield tour of famous Sandhills of Nebr hiway 2 To farm tomorrow & town meetings
My office is hosting a presentation on the Social Security Administration today in Gardnerville. Please join us for an overview of the SSA, as well as information about My Social Security Online; Retirement, Survivor & Disability; Supplemental Security Income (SSI); Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP); Government Pension Offset (GPO) and more.  Details: 1:00pm—2:00pm PT Douglas County Senior Center 2300 Meadow Lane Gardnerville, Nevada 89410
The development of CNG fueled vehicles is changing the way Americans travel and transport goods. This morning I had the pleasure of speaking to the men and women of Seaboard Foods, High Plains Biodiesel, and the City of Guymon at the groundbreaking of a new CNG filling station.
Ron had the opportunity to tour Action Flooring yesterday, a small business in Mercer, WI. Read more about his visit here: http://bit.ly/1pNpG0E
Teaming up with former Bears lineman James "Big Cat" Williams on a special project to combat cyberbullying. Stay tuned!
But there is one statistic worth highlighting. To my mind it’s a key to thinking about solutions to our regulatory problems.  The figure is: 51-to-1. This is the ratio of regulations issued by bureaucrats to laws passed by Congress in 2013.  A lot of people say the explosion of the regulatory state is a usurpation of congressional authority. But it’s more like subcontracting. Congress has given the executive branch this authority for its own convenience.  We get to pass laws and boast that they “did something.” But then if it doesn’t work out, we can join the public in outrage against those incompetent bureaucrats who messed up.   Seen in this light, helicopter government is actually a win-win for Congress: all credit, and no blame. After all, as legal scholar John Hart Ely put it, "Accountability is pretty frightening stuff." 
Tom Coburn was the keynote speaker at the Solutions Summit that I am hosting today with Gary R. Herbert and the Salt Lake Chamber.  He cited the study mentioned in this article:   "While the effectiveness of different rules can vary, this regulatory accumulation is hurting the U.S. economy. A study in the June issue of the "Journal of Economic Growth" – authored by John Dawson of Appalachian State University and John Seater of North Carolina State University – estimates that federal regulations have reduced economic growth by about 2 percent per year between 1949 and 2005. They find that if federal regulations were still at levels seen in the year 1949, current GDP would be $38.8 trillion higher."
"When you talk to people in the private sector – whether people in large corporations or very small businesses, non-profit groups, too – that word comes up again and again: stifling.  Government regulations have put up so many barriers that people today sometimes feel like they can hardly move.  And the effects on our nation are enormous. For instance, our economy is becoming less entrepreneurial. Business start-ups have been declining for years. This is dulling our economy’s competitive edge. That may be tolerable for some people fortunate enough to have already succeeded in life, but for young people just starting out, for poor families trying to work their way out of poverty, for middle class families facing increasing uncertainty... stagnancy is crippling." 
I am holding a town hall meeting in Draper tonight.  Here is the information if you would like to attend:
Today I am hosting the Utah Solutions Summit with @governorherbert and the Salt Lake Chamber to discuss how to alleviate the burden of growing government regulations.  Business owners from around the state have been invited to share their experiences with regulations, and we are looking forward to a great event. #SolutionsSummit #RegulationNation
NA
#tbt to when Sen. McConnell was awarded his second "Golden Plow" by the American @FarmBureau for his commitment to #Kentucky and America's farmers. The Golden Plow award is given annually to one Senator and one Congressman who best represents America’s farm interests. 
Sen. McConnell talking w/ Kentuckians about agriculture issues important to state at the Daviess County Fairgrounds
Sen. McConnell made stops today in Butler & Grayson counties to talk about agriculture issues important to #Kentucky
Great visit to Hardin County Schools Early College & Career Center today. Senator Mitch McConnell enjoyed visiting and meeting with students from the district’s three high schools as they prepare for their future. Sen. McConnell also got a demo by the award-winning robotics team and stopped by the Culinary classroom.
Congrats to Great Bend native and Kansas State University voice professor Dr. Bryan Pinkall for his Emmy win last Saturday as an artistic manager and director of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympic Opening Ceremony.   Dr. Pinkall traveled to Los Angeles to attend the Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards Ceremony for his involvement in the nominated production. Bryan was selected to join the group tasked with the production of the opening ceremony early last year. After months of planning, Pinkall traveled to Sochi, Russia, in January to organize and manage music and artistic components of the event. With a cast of thousands, the ceremony was seen by more than three billion people worldwide, according to the International Olympic Committee.
Thanks Coast Guard, for safely medevacing a crewmember onboard a South Korean icebreaker that was in waters north of Barrow. If this had happened a month ago, there wouldn't have been any Coast Guard helicopters in the area to carry out the rescue. This highlights our need for coastal infrastructure, as we see more and more shipping and maritime activities in our waters to the north. We need to focus on our role as an Arctic nation and prioritize our Arctic investments, such as adding more icebreakers to our Coast Guard fleet.
On behalf of concerned Alaskans, I initiated an independent review with a few of my Senate colleagues about the legality of the Pentagon’s decision to swap five high-risk Taliban members from Guantanamo Bay for the release of Bowe Bergdahl - specifically, how the White House didn't consult Congress as required by law. Today, that non-partisan legal opinion was released by the Government Accountability Office and they concluded this was in fact a violation of federal law.  Click on the link to read the GAO's findings: http://www.gao.gov/products/B-326013
In Clermont County today to visit East Fork Lake and discuss my efforts to combat harmful algal blooms that threaten it.
EMAW. Kansas State University
NA
Had the privilege of meeting with 4 generations of the Burroughs family from Ninety-Six, SC at my Vietnam Veterans Honor event.     Watch Denny and JoAnn's amazing story of service here: http://youtu.be/6_p7xKsExJM
