On yesterday’s Supreme Court ruling upholding the rights of state and local governments to open with prayer, Sen. Alexander said:  “Today’s decision upholds the First Amendment of the Constitution and the idea that our Founders never intended for religious expression to be pushed from public life. In fact, the first Senate paid the first Senate chaplain, and the Senate still opens every day with prayer. The First Amendment protects religious freedom, whether it be in the U.S. Senate or a town board.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3248ea58-8fe0-41d9-9588-0a1e61b323e4
Today Senator Ayotte enjoyed hearing Quinn Griffith of Lee, one of New Hampshire's top volunteers for 2014, play the fiddle on the steps of the U.S. Capitol for students visiting Washington from Windham Middle School!
Senator Ayotte today called on President Obama to pursue severe sanctions on the terrorist group Boko Haram, which has claimed responsibility for the recent abduction in Nigeria of more than 200 girls. Ayotte joined all women Senators in writing a letter to the president urging the administration to pursue international sanctions on Boko Haram by seeking its addition to the United Nations Security Council's al-Qa'ida Sanctions List.  Read more:   http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1412
Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome New Hampshire's top youth volunteers, Caroline Carter of Dover and Quinn Griffith of Lee, to Capitol Hill today.  Caroline and Quinn received the 2014 Prudential Spirit of the Community Award for their outstanding volunteer service.
The Harry Reid gag order is not good for the Senate, and it’s not good for the country. We want a handful of energy amendments on the energy bill. Apparently in today’s Senate, that sounds like a wild thing.
As President Barack Obama renews his commitment to moving forward with his controversial climate plan, I introduced an amendment with Senator Toomey today to stop the Obama Administration from implementing a devastating carbon tax. Middle and low-income families are the hardest hit by costly and burdensome energy policies like a carbon tax – especially in states like Missouri that depend heavily on coal for affordable and reliable power. 
As a former educator, I join all Americans in celebrating National Teacher's Day today. I hope you'll take a moment to thank a teacher.
I joined my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee in sending a letter to Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen demanding answers as to how the IRS plans to prevent future bonus payments from being given to employees with conduct, performance, and tax compliance issues. Read below. 
Thank you to all of the teachers in North Carolina – you play an important role in the future of our nation. #ThankATeacher #NationalTeachersDay
Sorry I missed Electric Cooperatives of Arkansas during the visit to DC. My staff enjoyed talking with members and always appreciate the great hospitality they show us. I am proud of their recent efforts to help two Guatemalan villages receive electric power for the first time. This will improve economic prosperity and provide a higher quality of life for all Guatemalans. This is great work by these volunteers.
Today I released a new report along with Western Caucus Co-Chairs Congressman Steve Pearce and Cynthia Lummis. Our report confirms how Wyoming and other western states are leading the way when it comes to protecting our environment without hurting jobs. Instead of supporting state solutions, the Obama Administration continues to push overreaching and harmful regulations. It’s time for Washington to step aside and realize that the Americans who live and work on these lands should be managing them for the people in their states.    Click here to read the report: http://www.barrasso.senate.gov/public/_files/WesternCaucus_StateSolutionsReport_2014.pdf
Today is a special day for the Coats family. This afternoon Marsha and I welcomed our ninth grandbaby - a little girl named Maggie. Maggie is the third child for my son Andrew and daughter-in-law Angela and joins big brother Charlie and big sister Avery. I am excited to meet Maggie and can truly say that my ninth grandchild is just as exciting as the first.
Recently there has been discussion in Washington about bringing earmarks back to the legislative process. I have signed a bipartisan letter in support of the moratorium on congressional earmarking. The earmark moratorium was an important first step in addressing the deep financial crisis our nation faces, and it must be maintained.  
NA
In its ruling yesterday in Town of Greece v. Galloway, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the right of Americans to pray in the public square, including legislative prayer.  The chaplain of the United States Senate opens each legislative day with a prayer, usually appealing for wisdom and clarity. I think we all agree that Washington needs more of both, and this long-standing tradition of opening in prayer traces back to America’s earliest days.  I agree with Justice Kennedy, who said that the tradition of public prayer exists to unite, not divide. As a nation that cherishes the First Amendment, we must not sacrifice the Constitutional right to practice faith in the public square in the name of political correctness. Religious liberty is a core American principle, and efforts to constrain and restrict the exercise of religion and freedom of speech must be opposed.
According to a new USA Today/Pew research poll, Americans by a two-to-one margin rate the nation’s economic condition as poor and just 27 percent say there are enough jobs available where they live. Enough people have dropped out of the labor force in the last month to fill Lucas Oil Stadium to the brim a dozen times. Rather than point fingers or assign blame, the Senate needs to propose, debate and support measures that will increase economic growth and provide economic opportunity to those seeking to join the labor force.
NA
Use other social media sites?  Follow me for frequent updates about my work in the U.S. Senate and throughout Idaho.
Senator Collins today led the twenty Senate women in sending a letter to President Obama condemning the abduction of more than 200 girls by the terrorist group Boko Haram in Nigeria. From the Washington Post:  "On Tuesday morning, Sens. Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) were seen gathering signatures on the Senate floor from the 18 other women who serve in the Senate. Repeatedly, Collins and Mikulski approached their colleagues, handed them a pen and implored them to sign. Each of the women senators did and several were seen agreeing with Collins and Mikulski that the situation is 'horrible.'"
Sen. Cornyn, Colleagues Introduce Senate Resolution In Honor Of 15th Annual National Charter Schools Week:
Cornyn Demands Answers on IRS Bonuses; Introduces Bill To Block Awards:
Waco-Tribune: Cornyn Op-Ed: Death, neglect, broken promises at the VA:
Senators Corker and Alexander congratulated Ashlin Wildun, 18, of Nashville, and Ryan Kirst, 15, of Maryville, for being selected as Tennessee’s honorees for the 2014 Prudential Spirit of Community awards program this morning at Tennessee Tuesday. Ashlin and Ryan are among 102 top youth volunteers from across the country being honored in the nation’s capital this week for outstanding volunteer service.
Today on Capitol Hill, Senator Corker met with members of the Tennessee Bankers Association to discuss the economy, housing finance reform and other issues affecting community banks.
Sen. Corker is participating in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing now on "Countering Russian Intervention and Supporting a Democratic State” in Ukraine. Watch it live here: 1.usa.gov/Ox5qQX
Senator Corker met with the Tennessee Hospital Association this afternoon to discuss issues important to their organization, including how Obamacare is affecting their patients. The group also praised the senator for his recent work to help secure a portion of TennCare’s waiver request, ensuring Tennessee hospitals can continue to provide uninsured and low-income patients with vital health care services. To read more about TennCare’s waiver request, click here: http://1.usa.gov/QIkhu5.
Horror in Nigeria: Islamist terrorist group Boko Haram continues to kidnap innocent schoolgirls. Please keep these girls in your prayers.
The Obama Administration needs to answer these questions about #Benghazi:
Outrageous: A teacher banned Bibles during free reading time and then shamed a student reading the Bible.
For 66 years the State of Israel has been an invaluable friend and ally to the United States—and a beacon of freedom in the Middle East. #Israel66
We need to get the truth about #Benghazi and that should be a bipartisan objective!
The Senate should stand with the American people to protect them from being wrongfully singled out by the abuse of power in the #IRS: http://1.usa.gov/1jvIb6r
Today I sent a letter with U.S. Senator Pat Roberts, R-Kan., and all Republican members of the Senate Finance Committee to the IRS Commissioner John Koskinen calling for a full accounting of the agency’s practice of issuing employee performance awards and bonuses to employees who have willfully violated tax laws. The American people have once again been the victims of the of IRS’s bureaucratic failures. Every taxpayer deserves to know why the IRS thought these action were acceptable and what they are doing to fix it.   
NA
Join me in thanking Nebraska teachers for their hard work and pivotal role in our children’s lives. #TeacherAppreciationWeek
Congrats to Phoebe and Audrey for being recognized as Nebraska’s top youth volunteers of 2014! Their accomplishments in community service set an encouraging example for the rest of our state’s youth.
This week the White House is making its latest push for more costly energy regulations that would effectively ban coal-fired power plants, which produce nearly two-thirds of Nebraska’s energy. That means higher electricity costs at a time when family budgets are shrinking. This morning I discussed the need for the president to work with Congress on practical energy policies that actually lower costs for American families and strengthen our energy security. 
Thx Christine&Lorib for coming to talk to me abt S865 I support this bill It's time to end breast cancer
Here is Ofelia's safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Lynne, Emmy, and I joined some friends this weekend to support the Carson City Cancer Center. #RideForTheCure
Had productive meeting today with the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives.
Yesterday the Supreme Court agreed with our friend of the court brief in support of beginning public meetings with prayer.  This important decision upholds our Constitutional right to religious freedom.
Congratulations to Heidi Deplazes & Joanna Larson for being named North Dakota's Prudential Spirit of Community Award Honorees.  These two remarkable young women have completed wonderful acts of service, and we are proud they have received recognition for their accomplishments.
NA
If the President’s climate assessment is more than just fundraising, electioneering and social engineering, then I strongly urge the President to first start convincing the American people of his #ActOnClimate convictions by enforcing transparency and accountability within his Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). This starts with ending the political gimmickry of the systematic delaying of regulations, which is leaving Americans blinded to their devastating effects until after critical elections.  We saw the Obama Administration intentionally delay EPA regulations until after the 2012 presidential elections, and we are seeing it again today with the decision to withhold the new power plant rule an unprecedented 66-extra days so that it doesn't have to be finalized until well after the 2014 elections.  Another step the President can take is to force the EPA to abide by the Clean Air Act law that requires the agency to report the whole economic impact for each of its rules, a requirement the agency has yet to fulfill since written by Congress as an accountability mechanism more than 30 years ago. The EPA instead distorts the impact of regulations, disregards the costs, and fails to give the full picture of how these rules are making domestic energy less affordable and less reliable. Consider D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s dissent on the mercury and air toxins (MATS) rule in April. He said that the ‘problem here is that EPA did not even consider the costs,’ highlighting that the costs are ‘huge, about $9.6 billion a year – that’s billion with a b – by EPA’s own calculation.’ We can all agree that natural variations in the climate are taking place, but man-made global warming still remains a theory. The President’s climate change policies will only cause a greater disparity in our nation’s income gap and prevent our nation from achieving its full economic potential.
Last week I signed onto a bipartisan resolution with five of my colleagues that insists Nigeria hold Boko Haram accountable for their violent, extremist actions and strengthen their efforts to protect their children’s ability to obtain an education. I deplore the abduction of the 234 young female students from the Government Girls Secondary School in northeastern Nigeria, and am committed to working with my colleagues to end discrimination and violence against women in Nigeria and around the world. #BringBackOurGirls
Why did the Obama administration lie to America about Benghazi? I lay out the facts in Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. http://t.co/Hv51cZfj2F
Didn't Obama admin feel obliged to deploy every asset available until Benghazi survivors were safe? Apparently not. http://t.co/3MHpiC5VEq
Why did Obama administration lie to America about Benghazi? The truth would have hurt his re-election. http://t.co/9KNAq12Fn1
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. @HillaryClinton covered up her dereliction of duty. http://t.co/9KNAq12Fn1
The White House coverup on Benghazi does make a difference. Here is why.  http://t.co/9KNAq12Fn1
Senator Johnson on the set of Fox & Friends earlier this morning.
Happy 66th Independence Day to our friend and ally Israel.
Thanks to all the teachers who care deeply about their students & challenge them to reach their goals. I'm particularly grateful to Mrs. Pruter, my 4th grade teacher at Plainville Grade School. She loved each of her students and taught me that I had the ability to do well if I applied myself.  #ThankATeacher
Today on CNN, Jake Tapper and Drew Griffin discussed the systemic dysfunction within the Department of Veterans Affairs, the suffering of veterans, and the lack of response from VA leadership. The piece highlighted my floor remarks today demanding accountability from VA Secretary Eric Shinseki and calling for his resignation. I will continue to work to make certain our veterans have a VA worthy of their sacrifice.
Findings of a new report by The Brookings Institution suggest the US economy is experiencing the lowest levels of entrepreneurship in 30 years. This is a big problem. New businesses launched by innovators and entrepreneurs are responsible for almost all new job creation in America. This report comes after the US economy grew by just 0.1% last quarter. If we want a growing economy with better products and services at lower prices and more employment opportunities - entrepreneurship must return to healthy levels. To achieve this, I have introduced Startup Act 3.0 to make it easier for startup companies to form, grow, and thrive in America. It is crucial that we pass this legislation and get our economic engine running again. 
Today, I am demanding accountability and true transformation within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) in its culture from top to bottom and all across the country. Veterans have been waiting for action, and yet the VA continues to operate in the same old bureaucratic fashion, settling for mediocrity and continued disservice to our nation’s heroes. There’s a difference in wanting change and leading it to happen. Secretary Shinseki is seemingly unwilling or unable to do so, and change must be made at the top. I ask the Secretary to submit his resignation and I ask President Obama to accept that resignation. We must never forget that our nation has a responsibility to its veterans, and we need a VA worthy of their sacrifice.
Like thousands of Alaskans, I am still mourning the loss of two Alaska State Troopers last week. To honor their memories and their service, I shared their lives and their stories on the Senate floor. I extend my condolences to all who held Sergeant Johnson and Trooper Rich dear in their hearts.
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day!  I urge Alaskans to remember the educator that had the biggest influence on you and #ThankATeacher.  I want to say a big 'Thank You' to my first grade teacher in Wrangell, Alaska.
What an honor to meet two inspiring young women who are giving back to their Alaskan communities. I'd like to thank Homer's Katherine Dolma and Leah Smith from Palmer for visiting me at my office - they won the Prudential Spirit of Community Award last night!
Watch my interview with Fox's Eric Bolling and find out why I think Hillary Clinton needs to be subpoenaed now.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OWTvoQ0vEQ&feature=youtu.be
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day -- a great opportunity to tell your teachers how they inspired you.   #ThankATeacher. They deserve it!
NA
Heartland Honor Flight
Senator Rubio calls for the establishment of a joint select committee to investigate the Benghazi attacks: http://1.usa.gov/1uwJOpd  "Today I cosponsored Senate Resolution 225, a resolution calling for the establishment of a joint select committee to investigate the September 11, 2012 terrorist attacks against the U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya. A year and a half after these attacks, despite a limited number of public hearings, too many questions remain regarding what the Obama administration knew during the attacks and their response. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, the lack of oversight by the committee of the State Department’s response to the attacks is unacceptable. Even after the completion of the Accountability Review Board, it is unclear how many of their recommendations have been implemented despite promises by Secretaries Clinton and Kerry that all of the ARB recommendations would be adopted. Further, the SFRC has not even attempted to conduct a thorough investigation into these terrorist attacks that took the lives of four brave Americans. At this late date, there has not been a single person at the State Department held accountable for their failure to properly secure the diplomatic facility in Benghazi despite a mountain of intelligence highlighting the threat and foreshadowing the risk of terrorist attack. I hope that Senate Democrats will follow the lead of Speaker Boehner and establish a joint select committee to study the Benghazi attacks without delay. We owe it to the families of those who died and to all Americans serving in difficult posts overseas."
ICYMI: Read Senator Rubio's op-ed in The Wall Street Journal: Ukraine Needs A Lifeline—Now: http://on.wsj.com/1mwVrHd  Rubio: "One way to increase the chances of a prosperous future in Ukraine is to strengthen the nation's currency, the hryvnia—for a stable monetary foundation is necessary for economic growth. Even as the value of the Russian ruble has fallen almost 9% against the dollar in 2014, Mr. Putin takes comfort in knowing that the hryvnia is doing worse: It has plummeted 35% against the dollar since January. The currency's weakness is part of his plan to bring Ukraine to its knees."
Sen. Sessions issued the following comments today after the Administration moved unilaterally to issue an additional 100,000 work permits to guest workers:  “Yet again, the Administration is acting unilaterally to change immigration law in a way that hurts American workers. Fifty million working-age Americans aren’t working. Research shows as many as half of new technology jobs may be going to guest workers. Yet the Administration is now going to immediately add almost 100,000 new guest workers to compete against unemployed Americans—on top of the existing annual supply of approximately 700,000 guest workers and 1 million new permanent immigrant admissions. This will help corporations by further flooding a slack labor market, pulling down wages. It is good news for citizens in other countries who will be hired. But for struggling Americans, it will only reduce wages, lower job opportunities, and make it harder to scrape by. Who does the Administration represent?”
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day.  Thank you teachers for all that you do!
Looking forward to questioning the President's nominee for Secretary of Health and Human Services in Senate HELP Committee on Thursday.
Ever wonder why Americans are so mistrustful of government? Look no further than the #IRS. This is outrageous.
I’ve seen firsthand just how devastating the disease is for the patients and also for the caregivers and the families.
We are a society that believes in choices. From consumer goods to Internet providers to flavors of coffee, we want a wide variety of things from which to choose. Unfortunately, one of the areas in which we have not empowered families and parents to make the best choices for their children is in the area of educational opportunities.
