Today, Senator Alexander cosponsored legislation to give veterans the choice of a private doctor or facility if VA care is not available “within a reasonable amount of time” or if a veteran lives more than 40 miles from a VA facility. This legislation comes in response to what Alexander considers to be “completely unacceptable” reports that veterans in Phoenix have been waiting for 115 days to see a primary care doctor. Read more here: http://tiny.cc/41cwgx
In response to the administration’s announcement of a new carbon regulation on existing power plants, Senator Alexander said, “This new carbon regulation on existing power plants will drive electricity prices up and drive down job growth in many parts of the country. This is just one more example of the federal government expanding the big, wet blanket of burdensome regulations on our economy that put people out of work and make it harder to find a job. This regulation also bypasses congressional authority – it’s the job of Congress, not unelected bureaucrats, to determine whether and how to regulate carbon dioxide.” Read more here: http://tiny.cc/3rzvgx
The Obama Administration’s #EPA regulations on coal-fired power plants will destroy jobs and leave Missouri families to shoulder the costs. Today, I co-sponsored Leader McConnell’s bill to protect our families and businesses from this gross overreach. #AmericanEnergy
President Obama is making good on his promise that “electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket” under his administration’s climate change agenda. I am fighting to protect Missourians from the burden of these costly regulations. #AmericanEnergy 
Senators John McCain, Tom Coburn, Senator Jeff Flake and I have officially introduced our Veterans Choice Act. Thank you to American Legion, AMVETS, and Concerned Veterans for America for their support.
My press conference today with Senators McCain, Coburn, and Flake will focus on restoring choice, improving transparency, and implementing change at VA. #FixtheVA  #VAaccountability Watch it live.
FEMA has announced that residents of Faulkner, Pulaski, Randolph and White counties who suffered damages as a result of the April 27th storms have until the end of this month to register for state/federal Individual Assistance.  June 30th is the last day to register for disaster assistance, which can include money for rental assistance, essential home repairs, personal property losses and other serious disaster-related needs not covered by insurance.
Given the horrific reports about inexcusable delays and mismanagement at many VA facilities, we need to give veterans the choice of where to seek health care. Our country has a duty to ensure every one of these heroes receive the best health care our country can offer. This bill is one way we can start to earn back the trust of our veterans.  Today I supported the Veterans Choice Act – legislation to give veterans more options for where to receive care. Among many reforms to the existing VA system, the Veterans Choice Act would:  • Allow veterans to receive care from the doctor or provider of their choice if the VA cannot schedule an appointment for a veteran within their wait time performance metrics or if the veteran resides more than 40 miles from any VA medical center. • Enable all veterans enrolled for care at a VA facility to receive a choice card allowing them to receive care from a non-VA medical provider. • Direct the VA to report to the Department of Health and Human Services the same patient quality and outcome information as other non-VA hospitals. • Require the VA to establish disciplinary procedures should an employee knowingly falsify data pertaining to wait times and quality measures.
Enjoyed meeting students from Heritage Christian School in Indianapolis today on the steps of the Capitol
NA
NA
NA
VIDEO: Cornyn: EPA’s “New” Energy Tax Unanimously Rejected in the Senate in 1997:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Harry Reid’s Assault on Free Speech:
The so-called “unity” government of the Palestinian authority is a serious impediment to peace.
I wish there were Democrat Senators willing to defend the First Amendment rather than working to repeal it. #DontRepeal1A 
We should be defending the Bill of Rights, not debating amending and repealing the free speech protections of the Bill of Rights. #DontRepeal1A http://1.usa.gov/1h4MRBi
The Senators who put their names to this should be embarrassed that they have signed up for repealing the free speech protections of the First Amendment. #DontRepeal1A
35 years ago, Eastern Europe was bound by the grip of communism. Upon returning to his native Poland on June 2, 1979, the newly elected Pope John Paul II knelt and kissed the ground. Church bells began to fill the air, and soon over a million people lined the streets. In an address before the tomb of the Unknown Soldier, Pope John Paul II, reflected: "On how many battlefields has that solider given witness to the rights of man, indelibly inscribed in the inviolable rights of the people, by falling for 'our freedom and yours'"!  And he asked for the Lord’s blessing upon the land:  “Let your Spirit descend. And renew the face of the earth,  the face of this land.”  Let us ask for that same renewal for our oppressed brothers and sisters today, and let us remember the undying faith of the recently canonized Saint John Paul II.
Senator John Barrasso and I cosponsored Senator McConnell’s “Coal Country Protection Act” this week. The bill would prevent the EPA’s proposed emissions rule from going into effect until the Department of Labor certifies that the rule will not cause a loss in the US GDP, the Department of Energy certifies that the rule will not increase electricity rates, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission certifies that electricity delivery will remain viable.
Wall Street Journal editorial: “Carbon-Income Inequality: Obama's new energy rule is a huge tax on the poor and middle class…the government is essentially creating an artificial scarcity in carbon energy. Scarcities mean higher prices, which will hit the poor far harder … plan will also redistribute income from economically successful states to those that have already needlessly raised their energy costs…EPA's own carbon accounting, shutting down every coal-fired power plant tomorrow and replacing them with zero-carbon sources would reduce the Earth's temperature by about one-twentieth of a degree Fahrenheit in a hundred years.”
Congress can take the first step to ensure veterans choice and flexibility by passing the #VeteransChoiceAct.
While the national scandal involving scheduling irregularities in VA facilities around the country deserves swift attention, and those responsible need to be held accountable, we cannot take our focus off the fact that there are still veterans awaiting care. Instead of lengthy wait times or secret lists, this legislation provides much-needed flexibility for veterans to get the care they need in a timely fashion.
As severe storms are forecast today in central and eastern Nebraska, I encourage all Nebraskans to stay safe and closely follow local weather warnings.
Senator Grassley has been named a 2013 Taxpayer Hero by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste with a score of 94% for his work to increase transparency, minimize waste and defend taxpayer interests. Read more about the Congressional rankings here: http://ccagw.org/media/press-releases/ccagw-releases-2013-congressional-ratings and view the entire list below. 
I was on The Kelly File last night discussing the dangerous release of five Senior Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay. You don’t swap out and turn back to the fight people who have killed Americans -- people who are the brainpower of the Taliban -- especially when we still have troops in harms way. I also shared with Megan Kelly that I am working to have an open hearing in the Senate Armed Services Committee on this topic. This is a major national security concern and the American people need to know what is going on.  http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/the-kelly-file/index.html#/v/3602205601001
Retweeted PolitiFact Wisconsin (@PolitiFactWisc):  In May’s top 5 stories http://t.co/emLXkyVwdj: @GovWalker @SenRonJohnson @HillaryClinton @Burke4WI @GovWatcher @tkertscher @jamesbnelson
Does Hillary Clinton actually believe her own book? http://t.co/GuQUwz9Qq3
Today Senator Johnson was presented the Taxpayer Super Hero Award by Bill Christian on behalf of Citizens Against Government Waste.
Today the Senate Banking Committee unanimously passed the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act reauthorization legislation, of which I am the lead Republican sponsor. To protect Illinois' nearly 6 million workers, high value commercial properties, and the U.S. economy from the fallout of a terrorist event, the reauthorization of TRIA by the full Congress should come swiftly.  More in my latest blog post: http://1.usa.gov/U9cKWI
To maintain and upgrade our transportation infrastructure, we need every dollar to go as far as it possibly can.  For this reason, we should cut the federal gas tax and let states fill this role of building and maintaining the majority of our roads.
This morning before I got to the office I was on the National Mall for a little exercise and some mental health. Thank you for the opportunity to work for you in our nation's capital. Throughout the summer we will welcome many Kansans to Washington, D.C., and they will see the beauty and history I saw this morning.
Today I got to meet my first group of summer interns, and walk them through the Senate's schedule and what is in store for them.  A sharp group of young Alaskan men and women, ready to get to work!  Parents, family and friends - see anyone you know?
72 years ago today, Japanese bombers attacked Dutch Harbor in the Aleutians, opening up a violent but little known chapter in our nation's World War II story.  When Japanese forces occupied Attu and Kiska in 1942, it was the first foreign occupation of American soil since the War of 1812.
ICYMI: l appeared on Fox’s Your World with Neil Cavuto to discuss the Obama Administration’s continued war on coal.  WATCH HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIc-LjpiQYo&feature=youtu.be
Check out my latest Roberts Report we talk VA, my 105 county tour, rural health care, protecting the First Amendment and much more!  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=bce72564-0add-4c0a-84f3-c51ceac19884&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
ICYMI: Rubio: Obama Violated Law With Unilateral Release Of Taliban Prisoners: http://1.usa.gov/1l3C9un  Rubio: “The precedent that the President has set is a dangerous one. He has basically told terrorist elements around the world that if you take an American serviceman hostage, you can get five, six, three – however many number of your own folks – released. And these are dangerous people. I mean these are people that we’re returning back to the battlefield.” 
Rubio Presses Administration For Answers On Taliban Prisoner Exchange: http://1.usa.gov/1jORGJO  “In agreeing to release five, hardened Afghan Taliban leaders, I am concerned the United States is setting a dangerous precedent by negotiating with terrorists that remain at war with the United States and are responsible for daily attacks against U.S. soldiers, the Afghan people and government, and is actively working to destabilize the region,” wrote Rubio. “I am also deeply troubled that this exchange occurred just days after the President announced he was withdrawing the remaining troops in Afghanistan on an artificial timetable that bears no relation to our strategic goals in that part of the world. At the very time when we are drawing down our forces in Afghanistan, and exposing remaining forces to greater risk, we just returned five, senior enemy combatants who a year from now may be back on the battlefield.   “This exchange may further endanger American lives and encourage terrorist kidnappings of U.S. citizens as a means to extract additional concessions from the U.S. Government,” added Rubio. “Further, serious questions remain about the willingness and capability of the Qatari government to monitor these detainees, share intelligence on their activities, and ensure they are not reengaging with terrorist elements.” 
Rubio Calls On Reid To Allow A Senate Vote On VA Reform Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1pPnBit  “As the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, you and you alone control what legislation is brought before the Senate for a vote. In this important role, you can make a vital difference in the reforms that are needed to improve the quality of care our nation’s heroes receive,” wrote Rubio. “As you know, the House of Representatives recently passed the common sense and bi-partisan S. 2013 The VA Management and Accountability Act of 2014 with the support of 165 Democrats.    “That legislation is now before the Senate for consideration and is sponsored by ten Senate Democrats, including the Senators from Arkansas, California, Florida, Louisiana, Minnesota, Montana, New Hampshire, North Carolina and Virginia,” added Rubio. “Their backing means there is currently a strong bi-partisan support for this legislation which would bring accountability to VA and empower the leadership therein to make the same hiring and firing decisions you enjoy as a United States Senator with your own staff.    “This legislation alone will not solve all the problems at the VA. Problems which, to be fair, existed before President Obama took office. But this legislation will take an important step forward in helping reform this broken government institution,” continued Rubio. “It might also help restore some faith in the Senate’s ability to achieve even incremental reform to a government that too many Americans believe is no longer capable of even the most basic functions.” 
"In the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, big banks have not exactly viewed Shelby as a friend...just one of a few Senate Republicans to vote against the 2008 bank bailout law." 
NA
Sen. Sessions released the following comments today about the deteriorating situation on the US border:  “The rising crisis at the border is the direct and predictable result of actions taken by President Obama. He and his Administration have announced to the world that they will not enforce America’s immigration laws, and have emphasized in particular that foreign youth will be exempted from these laws. The world has heard the President’s call, and illegal immigrants are pouring across the border in pursuit of his promised amnesty. President Obama is responsible for this calamity, and only by declaring to the world that our border is no longer open—and that the law will be restored—can this emergency be stopped.   This is critically necessary for humanitarian reasons: it is simply wrong for the President to continue incentivizing youth and their families to undertake these perilous treks. Nor can the U.S. afford the costs associated with ‘resettling’ these arrivals, estimated by the White House to reach nearly $2.3 billion next year alone. Adding to the incentive, politicians in both parties have promised citizenship for anyone in the world who arrives illegally in the country by a certain age. The first overriding goal must always be to reduce lawlessness, not incentivize it.  The New York Times similarly reported that the knowledge of non-enforcement in the U.S. is leading to the surge in illegality: ‘back home in Central America people have heard that those who make it to American soil have a good chance of staying.’ The Obama administration may as well hang a sign saying ‘open’ across the U.S. border. Only when the President publicly and firmly declares that illegal immigration will no longer be tolerated will the crisis he created come to an end.  Unfortunately, it appears the President remains more interested in encouraging lawlessness than preventing it.”
I will be On the Record with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 7:20 pm to discuss the Taliban-POW swap--be sure to tune in!
NA
Terrific meeting with National Children's Advocacy Center's PA leaders. We're working together to protect kids from #humantrafficking & #passthetrash.
Just introduced my bill to empower #vets to sue #VA employees who falsify or destroy health records. #accountability
PA is the #Alzheimers battleground: Groundbreaking research at Upenn, tough caregivers on the front lines. #ENDALZ 
Honored to address #LVH Boy Scouts and be part of this tradition. “On my honor, I will do my best …”
