Today, Senator Alexander honors the 50th anniversary of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Alexander says that the LWCF has been an important actor in preserving open spaces in our country ever since it was signed into law in September of 1964.  “Someone once said that Italy has its art, England its history, and the United States has the Great American Outdoors. Our magnificent land, as much as our love of liberty, is at the core of our character. It has inspired our pioneer spirit, our resourcefulness and our generosity. Its greatness has fueled our individualism and optimism, and made us believe that anything is possible. It has influenced our music, literature, science and language. It has served as the training ground of our athletes and philosophers, of poets and defenders of American ideals,” Alexander said.
Mr. President, terrorists who behead Americans are not a ‘manageable problem.’ They must be stopped. #ISIS #ISIL
This week I met with leaders and citizens in Kennett concerned with the very serious impact the Obama Admin’s #EPA’s overregulation has on Kennett’s wastewater standards, on farm families, and on Missouri jobs. The EPA doesn’t understand the impact these costly regulations have on an area’s businesses and economy. Please take a minute to read Steve Patton’s article, and let me know what you think in the comments section below. I will continue to fight the Obama Admin’s EPA’s proposed water rule and burdensome regulations.
This week, a member of my staff will visit the following locations to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Wednesday, September 3  Loogootee 12:00 - 1:00 p.m. City Hall, 401 N. JFK Avenue  Lawrenceburg  1:00 – 3:00 p.m. Lawrenceburg Public Library, 150 Mary St.  Washington  2:00 - 3:00 p.m. City Hall, 200 Harned Avenue  Thursday, September 4  Bedford 1:00 – 3:00 p.m. Bedford Area Chamber of Commerce, 1116 16th St.  Friday, September 5  Vincennes  1:00 - 2:00 p.m.  City Hall, 301 Vigo St.  Osgood 1:00 - 3:00 p.m. Osgood Town Hall, 147 W. Ripley St.
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Great discussion in Sugar Land today about why it's so important we #StopObamasAmnesty and #SecureTheBorder.
Never-ending gratitude for the sacrifices of all those killed or severely hurt in the line of duty who received the Star of Texas Award today. True Texas heroes.
NA
The typical American family’s income has gone down every year since 2007. The total decline has been about 8 percent. This president and Senate majority’s “more government” policies and attempts to divide the country based on race, gender, age or income for political gain aren’t helping. We need to restore economic freedom and genuine opportunity to build a healthy economy. Government doesn’t create jobs - hardworking Americans do.
I’m so grateful for the opportunity to travel the state and visit with Nebraskans these past few weeks. Below is a video highlighting my August travels. #blessed to serve all Nebraskans. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZX57F07KGtI&list=UUrbEfZaG_WhB0PBHI1hefPQ
Mr. President, the days of trying to “manage” radical Islamic groups like ISIL needs to end.  America’s focus should be singular in nature – confront and defeat ISIL.  Anything short of that only emboldens our enemies and shakes the resolve of our friends and allies. 
Jefferson town mtg 55 people Topics-EPA regs, immigration, sequestration, ISIS, Fast & Furious, whistleblowing, IRS, Benghazi, Iraq, Syria
Just finished the "full Grassley " tour of 99 county meetings for 34th yr in row w the town meeting in  Jefferson  55 ppl attended
Q&A w 96 students Carroll high School Topics-partisanship, college aid, gangs, Hobby Lobby, school funding, ISIS, guns, legislative process
Denison Town Mtg w 37 ppl Topics-immigration, EPA, highways, Keystone, ISIS, VA, exec orders, min wage, farm bill, tax reform, GMOs
Q&A w 84 students West Monona HS Topics-guns, farm prices, Obamacare, Welfare, marijuana, same sex marriage, school funding, ISIS
Q&A, tour w 185th Air Refueling Wing Sioux City 300 ppl Topics-Tricare, sequestration, fitness, Social Security, immigration, natl debt
.
In Williston today, to continue our push for additional permanent FBI & DEA agents in western NorthDakota.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/9/hoeven-working-to-place-more-fbi-dea-agents-in-williston-on-a-permanent-basis
Sen. McConnell honored today for his "support & effort on behalf of Drug Enforcement Nationally & #Kentucky" by Kentucky Narcotics Officers' Association.
Today on Fox Business News: Senate minority leader Senator Mitch McConnell discusses President Obama’s handling of ISIS, and his plans for the Republicans in the next session of Congress before the election. Click below to watch the interview: 
U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell received the “Federal Legislator of the Year” award today from the Kentucky Narcotics Officers’ Association (KNOA) during the organization’s state conference in Louisville, Kentucky. Composed of more than 500 law enforcement officers from across the Commonwealth, KNOA works to improve intelligence sharing and training in the fight against Kentucky’s drug epidemic.   Speaking before KNOA today, Senator McConnell thanked the organization for the honor and said he was “humbled and grateful. Humbled because I’ve done what I think any elected official, and any father of three daughters, should do to forge the greatest possible partnership with law enforcement. And grateful because of the work, sacrifices, and service of all of you, KNOA, and all of Kentucky’s law-enforcement officers, who put their lives on the line to serve and protect.”  Senator McConnell also thanked KNOA for their “dedication to fighting the scourge of illegal drug use. No drug crime is a victimless crime. Drugs destroy people and tear apart families in a way unlike any other crime. As you well know, Kentucky still faces many challenges – namely with prescription drug abuse and heroin use. But thanks to your efforts, I believe we have made considerable progress toward ensuring that Kentucky communities are safe from this scourge.” 
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter #KansasCommonSense. This week's edition includes stories about the latest VA Inspector General Report, touring NBAF, a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Colby, the upcoming internship application deadline, and more.
Yesterday, I visited Wear Technology in McPherson, Kansas. As the leading manufacturer of parallel and twin screws in North America, Wear Technology’s 125 employees design and produce a high-quality product for more than 240 customers including Andersen Windows, Crestline Windows, North American Pipe, Qaunex Building Products and Thomas Conveyor. Wear Technology has been based in McPherson since 1986.  Here, I'm pictured with Chief Engineer Dave Thiessen, Customer Service Manager Bart Regier, McPherson Mayor Tom Brown and State Senator-Elect Rick Wilborn. Thanks to Mike Ruddle  and Loni Troxell for the informative visit. (Photo courtsey of Jim Griggs.)
This afternoon I traveled to Canton, Kansas, to learn more about Mid Kansas Cooperative (MKC)—a full-service farm cooperative that's been serving Kansas producers since 1965. I toured MKC's new Canton elevator, and we discussed the importance of the its proximity to McPherson. MKC works to improve profitability and provide marketing options for farmers. Thanks to MKC Senior Vice President/CMO Dave Spears for hosting my tour.
Alaska’s warehouses have tons of canned pink salmon on their shelves after last year’s record harvest.  Food banks and shelters nationwide are facing increasing numbers of Americans in need seeking food.  I appreciate the U.S. Department of Agriculture agreeing to use their existing food assistance funds to buy Alaska salmon to give those in need a nutritious option – one of the best that Mother Nature has given us. 
Before we move forward on resource development in the Chukchi Sea, it’s important to make sure we get as much data and information about the habitat to proceed intelligently.  I’m glad that I was able to help the research community get a unmanned aerial vehicle authorized and in the air to do this vital research.  Here’s a neat video of the launch of the Nanook this past weekend!   
Joined Squawk Box this morning to discuss the need for corporate tax reform to keep jobs here at home. Watch here: 
The smiles on the faces of previously blind patients is priceless and a reward in and of itself that I will never forget.   Read my first-hand account of the medical mission trip to Guatemala HERE: http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/09/03/joy-and-praise-on-my-recent-medical-mission-trip-to-guatemala/
Photos from my recent medical mission trip to Guatemala: http://www.politico.com/gallery/2014/08/rand-paul-visits-guatemala/002005-028535.html
Thank you to all our veterans for their service. My office was proud to welcome more than 100 of South Carolina's WW2 and Korean War veterans to Washington today as part of Honor Flight. #honor #respect #heroes #ThankYou
One of the great joys of my job is speaking directly to Pennsylvanians across the entire state. I'm proud to say I've made this part of my job a priority. http://bit.ly/1r23Tir
