Yesterday Sens. Alexander and Corker introduced legislation by Rep. John J. Duncan, Jr., that would award former University of Tennessee girls’ basketball coach Pat Summitt the Congressional Gold Medal. 
 
 Alexander said: “Tennesseans could not be more proud of Pat Summitt. What we have valued in her for so long is her remarkable skill, as well as her strong character; her commitment to the community, to the University of Tennessee and to the players; and her love of the game, which changed women’s basketball forever.” http://1.usa.gov/1lZhkxn
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In an op-ed in @POLITICOMag titled, “This Is the End of the Senate. It’s Harry Reid’s Fault,” Sen. Alexander writes: “…[T]oday’s Senate is destroying its capacity to forge consensus, to protect minority views from popular passions and to counter presidential excesses … Reid has set records for bringing legislation to the floor without committee approval, cutting off amendments and cutting off debate.” Follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1bWuBkq
“Obamacare's biggest problem isn't the troubled HealthCare.gov website anymore.”   LA Times is reporting that many policy holders under #Obamacare cannot confirm if they are covered, let alone receive care.
New blog post on the latest jobs report. As my colleague, and Ranking Member of the Senate Budget Committee, Jeff Sessions (R-AL) has noted, for every one job created, five people leave the workforce. It is an unsustainable pace. It highlights the failure of the economic policies the Senate Majority and the Obama Administration have pursued.
The Arkansas Congressional delegation sent a letter to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) Director Daniel M. Ashe challenging the critical habitat designation for the Neosho Mucket and Rabbitsfoot Mussell in Arkansas -- a decision that could negatively impact Arkansas’s families, farmers, businesses, and local communities. We are asking the Agency to be fair, open, and grounded in science When they say how much this proposal will cost, they cannot ignore the costs to farmers and families.  And when they set-aside a specific area as critical habitat, they need to be able to explain why.
My most recent column details how the year-end budget agreement fell short. I could not support the measure as it immediately increases spending with the promise of future cuts and finds savings at the expense of our retired servicemen and women.
But Sen. Dan Coats of Indiana, one of a half-dozen Republicans who helped advance the bill over an initial hurdle earlier in the week, said he hadn't been consulted on any compromise.  Echoing complaints by other members of his party, he said that under Reid's leadership he has been relegated to the sidelines. Indiana voters "didn't send me here to be told just to sit down and forget it," he said.
Cornyn, Colleagues Demand Answers from DOJ on Aaron Swartz Case:
Fighting Human Trafficking in Texas:
Welcomed Harris County Clerk Stan Stanart during his visit to DC this week:
Had a great discussion with Dr. Jerry Johnson, President of National Religious Broadcasters:
Sen. Cornyn Introduces Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act:
Yesterday, Senators Alexander and Corker introduced in the Senate legislation by Rep. John J. Duncan, Jr. that would award former University of Tennessee women’s basketball coach Pat Summitt the Congressional Gold Medal. The Duncan legislation is also cosponsored by the entire Tennessee House delegation.  Corker said, “The Congressional Gold Medal is awarded to America’s most distinguished citizens, and there is perhaps no one in America who has made a more indelible mark on their profession and in their community than Pat Summitt.  She set a historic record of achievement in her 38 years as head coach of the Lady Vols, an achievement that is only surpassed by her positive impact on the lives of the women she’s coached. No longer on the sidelines, Coach Summitt has taken her enthusiasm to pursue a new crusade: supporting Alzheimer’s awareness.  She is most deserving of this honor, and we are grateful as Tennesseans for the lasting impact she has had on our state and our nation.” Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1lYXjXE
We are a nation of laws and not men. If we had a system where a president can pick and choose what laws to follow at utter whim … that is seriously dangerous. #MakeDCListen
Hope you'll watch and SHARE! Video from this morning's Texas Public Policy Foundation 2014 Policy Orientation. #PO2014
Sen. Menendez' op-ed on new Iran sanctions points out Iranian bad faith since the JPA was reached. #VeryVeryBadDeal
A great pleasure to join Texas Public Policy Foundation's 2014 Policy Orientation to discuss some of the great challenges facing our nation. 
 
 Obamacare is an illustration of this Administration's lawlessness at breathtaking scale. We need a #FullRepeal!
Today's jobs numbers show that out-of-control government spending, debt, taxes, and regulations are stifling job creation. America doesn't need "Promise Zones" -- America needs jobs.
Senator Lamar Alexander wrote a great piece that sums up all the gridlock and partisanship in the Senate. No amendments, no debate, no votes. From ignoring executive orders, to illegal recess appointments, the way the Senate is run is tragic for our country.
On Wednesday night, the Senate unanimously passed a bill I co-sponsored that will help Wyoming veterinarians provide better care to livestock in rural and remote areas. Current law prevents veterinarians from carrying and dispensing some controlled substances outside their clinics. Our bill would allow veterinarians to take the medicine their patients need into the field, allowing them to better administer services around Wyoming.
My column this week touches on just a few of the ideas out there that can boost job creation and get our economy back on track.
Earlier this week, I gave a speech calling for a greater focus on job creation in the Senate. I also demanded that Harry Reid permit a more open legislative process. Since July, just 4 Republican amendments have been allowed a vote. That’s shameful. Last year, the House passed 200 bills. A dozen of these had strong bipartisan support. They all died in the Senate. Read more here: http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304347904579310683963665974
Looking forward to tonight's "Proudly Pro-Life" dinner in Columbia.  Hope to see you there.
Senator Grassley says the Fed Chair should be focused on a strong dollar and low inflation.
Poverty is a moving target.Officially15% BUT 31% for 2months ONLY 3.5% for 3yrs Fact: great deal of mobility we ignore w simple15% statistic
GAO rpt says that too many people per farm are qualifying for paymentsbased on unverifiable management only-instead of actually farming 2/2
GAO Rpt says a majority of 5000 public comments on defining a farmer say that a more rigorous definition is needed of who a farmer is 1/2
ObamaAdm issues natl guidelines on suspension fr school to discourage its use Does that include kindergarten boy who hugged girl classmate?
Obama Adm issues natl guideline on suspension fr school to discourage its use  Does that apply to 3rd grade kid suspended4 havin paper gun?
Eliot Ness took down Capone. It makes sense to name the ATF's headquarters after him as they work to take down drug gangs.
Behold my display of the 2013 Federal Register.  It contains over 80,000 pages of new rules, regulations, and notices all written and passed by unelected bureaucrats.  The small stack of papers on top of the display are the laws passed by elected members of Congress and signed into law by the president.
Meet our new puppy, a Chesapeake Bay Retriever named Gilley!
Sonny Zetmeir was a person with such optimism and so engaged in improving the lives of others. The community of Parsons lost one of their greatest champions when Sonny passed away. His humor and selflessness truly made an indelible impact on the community.
With the Senate still debating the unemployment benefits bill over the weekend, I have co-sponsored an amendment that would provide a responsible, compassionate solution for the long-term unemployed that also restores the COLA benefit cuts to early military retirees – without adding a dime to the deficit.
I am still livid about Interior Secretary Jewell deciding against the King Cove road the day before Christmas Eve.  It is clear to us in Alaska that our lives and well-being matter little to Secretary Jewell; she neither understands nor cares about the most basic needs of our remote residents. And it is quite clear that we have again received unfair treatment at the hands of our federal government.
Fun to visit Hocking College and meet with culinary students there. Great example of new training for jobs in Southeast Ohio.
Team at Ohio University's Institute for Corrosion & Multiphase Technology is working to solve corrosion issues impacting Ohio's growing energy industry.
At Ohio University Innovation Center seeing how 3D printing helps manufacturers innovate and prototype, creating jobs in Ohio.
Trying out Google Glass at Ohio University's Innovation Center with a grad student.
Senator Rubio: Share your story of struggle and what we can do to help you stake your claim on the American Dream: http://1.usa.gov/1dDs7sq  "I believe my legislation will equip people with the skills they need to not only deal with poverty, but to escape it. All Americans should be able to achieve the American Dream, no matter the circumstances of their birth. Now, let us work together in reclaiming the land of opportunity.  As we develop our legislation, I hope you take a moment to tell me more about your story of struggle and things we can do to help you get back on your feet and rise above your current situation to stake your claim on the American Dream."
Senator Rubio: Clear Signs Emerge That An ObamaCare Bailout Is Coming: http://1.usa.gov/KK4hEg  “American taxpayers should not be on the hook for bailing out health insurers, especially because ObamaCare is not working the way it was sold,” said Rubio. “Congress should take an ObamaCare bailout off the table by passing legislation I’ve introduced to repeal the so-called risk corridor provision under the law.   “If ObamaCare can only survive through a taxpayer bailout of insurers, it’s yet another clear sign that it can’t survive and isn’t worth saving,” he added.
Sen. Sessions:  “Three people are looking for every one job open and [yet] the President embraced an immigration bill that would double the flow of guest workers… We need to help struggling Americans get off of welfare, off of unemployment, and into good-paying jobs.  Byron York recently wrote an excellent column showing that the same companies signing letters demanding more guest workers are laying off American workers by the thousands.  Who do we work for?  I know who I work for, and it’s the hardworking people of Alabama—it’s not these ‘masters of the universe’ demanding more workers from Congress when millions of Americans are unemployed.  America is not an oligarchy. House Republicans need to tell the President firmly: we work for the American people. We reject any immigration plan that puts special interests before working Americans. We are going to defend the working people of this country.  A small group of CEOs does not get to set immigration policy for our country. We will not enrich the political class at the expense of the middle class.”
Sen. Sessions issued the following statement today on the December jobs report:   “Today’s jobs report underscores a deeper problem facing our economy: a large and growing block of people who are chronically jobless and completely outside the workforce.  In December, the economy added only 74,000 jobs – not nearly enough to keep up with population growth –and 347,000 left the workforce.  That means for every one job added, nearly 5 people left the workforce entirely.  There are now nearly 92 million Americans outside the workforce, resulting in the lowest participation rate in 36 years.  The President’s immigration plan will only make things dramatically worse – and no amount of ‘promise zones’ will be a sufficient remedy for the millions of displaced workers.   We must help people move off of welfare, off of unemployment, and into good-paying jobs that can support a family.  More tax, spend, borrow and regulate will only produce more joblessness, dependency and debt.  Instead, we need more American energy, streamlined taxes and regulations, a leaner and less wasteful government, better trade and immigration enforcement, and a reformed welfare system that helps struggling Americans realize the dream of financial independence.”
Today, Sen. Sessions filed an amendment to the unemployment bill that would verify whether workers were lawfully or unlawfully present in the county.  Sessions appealed to the Majority Leader to stop blocking consideration of amendments and to allow it to come to a vote on behalf of all American workers.
Last year our hard working state staff helped almost 2,000 South Carolinians navigate issues with federal agencies. We'll keep working hard for our bosses this year, and are thankful everyday for the opportunity to serve you!
Great morning at the Upper Main Line YMCA.  Discussed an important issue – protecting our kids.  http://tinyurl.com/mqetnyy
Great visit to the Upper Main Line YMCA this morning to talk with their staff and other local officials about the steps I am taking to protect children from violent predators.
