News Release: Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and I have joined together to introduce the Dairy Augmentation for Increased Retail in Yogurt (DAIRY) Act. Idaho and New York are the top third and fourth dairy producing states, respectively, and also home to significant yogurt production facilities. The DAIRY Act will help producers manage increasing demand while providing a safety net for volatile market downturns. This legislation will serve as a tool to reward savings, hedge risk and encourage future reinvestment in milk production.
During a special ceremony in Jonesport Friday, Senator Collins presented an American flag to the family of Alvin Beal, who died 40 years ago while saving his father's life.
 
 Read more: http://bit.ly/X8vJkw
SHARE if you think Congress should defund Obamacare!
 
 Reason #9 to defund it is...
Speaker Pelosi urged Congress to pass Obamacare so that we could "find out what is in it." We're counting down the top 10 things that may leave you feeling ill.  SHARE if you agree we must defund Obamacare!
I had a great sit-down with Agri-Pulse Communications, Inc. recently for its “Meet the Freshman” series. Watch the full interview to hear more about my background as a rancher and the importance of agriculture in our country.
#UNIPanthers women Illinois St ovr uni 28/23 half. This is only report bc I hv town meetings today in Charles city and st ansgar
USDA responds to Senators on Meat Inspector Furloughs
Grassley says agencies should find common-sense spending reductions and drop sequester scare tactics
Great picture of Congressman Mark Amodei on the front of Roll Call yesterday. #ToughenUp #BattleBorn
Click below to read the transcript of Sen. Sessions delivering the weekly GOP address. In his remarks, Sessions lays out a pro-worker agenda:   “We must act to create more jobs and better pay.  And we can do it without adding to the debt. Here’s how:  -Make welfare temporary and the welfare office an employment and job training office.  -Unlock America’s vast energy resources to create millions of good-paying jobs.  -Defend American workers from unfair foreign trade practices.  -Reform the tax code to make America globally competitive, creating more jobs here.  -Make government leaner, less wasteful so it produces greater results for the money you earned and sent here.  -Enforce an immigration policy that protects legal U.S. workers from unlawful competition.  -Eliminate every burdensome federal rule or regulation that isn’t needed and that destroys jobs.  -And, finally, we must balance the federal budget.  These steps will empower Americans—not the government.  They will promote family—not bureaucracy.  And they will help create a future in which the central bonds in our lives are not government rules but the love and loyalty we have for one another.”
