Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!
Fathers play an important role in our children's lives. Today I wish all fathers in Idaho a Happy Fathers' Day. Enjoy time today and every day with your family. What are you doing to celebrate your dad today?
Happy Father's Day to all fathers
Senator Corker posted a Father’s Day message on his Twitter account earlier today. If you’re not following the senator on Twitter, you can do so at http://twitter.com/senbobcorker.
I'd like to wish all the fathers out there a wonderful Father’s Day. Take your kids to the park, hug them tightly, tell them you love them, and thank God for them and for His many blessings on your family. There’s no more important job than being a father, and a strong, loving Dad gives every child the foundation he or she needs to brave this world. 
 
 My own Dad has been my hero my entire life. He is a man of faith and deep integrity, a man who loves liberty with all his heart. His truly American story of fleeing oppression in Cuba with nothing more than $100 to his name and finding success through hard work and perserverence has inspired me my entire life. Today, my Dad is a pastor, and through his life I have seen every day his love and faith in Jesus. Each Dad should endeavor to reflect our heavenly Father’s love for us, and my Dad has done that throughout my life.
 
 Five years ago, I became a Dad myself, and I learned firsthand just how strong a father’s love could be. There is nothing I would not do for my two daughters. I continue to fight each and every day to preserve this Shining City on a Hill for them–-working to ensure that my girls inherit the same blessed land of liberty and opportunity that each of us has been so priviliged to enjoy–is what keeps me going. For the first time in American history, our children are facing growing up in a country that may well be worse off than it was for the previous generation. This is completely and utterly unacceptable; we cannot selfishly spend away the futures of our children. And I know millions of mothers and fathers across the State share that very same commitment, to turn our country around.
Last night at Fort Riley, I enjoyed a beautiful Kansas sunset as the Symphony in the Flint Hills concluded its program with 5,000 Kansans singing along as The Kansas City Symphony played "Home on the Range." Thank you to Ed and Eunice Rolfs and Central National Bank of Junction City for hosting Robba and me.
Today, we take time to honor America's fathers and the important role that they play in our families.   Jane and I have been so blessed with three wonderful children, and there is no greater honor in life than helping to raise them. Building strong families is how we pass on the beliefs and traditions that have made this country great, the values that will continue to make us strong.  To all my fellow dads out there, enjoy today, and thank you for the role you play in shaping so many lives.
Happy Father's Day to all. I hope you can spend some quality time with family today.
NA
This morning, Sen. Sessions explained why "it’s time for the Gang of Eight to start being straight with the American public.”:  “When the Gang of Eight first announced their immigration bill they declared it was the toughest enforcement plan in history. They declared enforcement would come before legalization. And they declared that anyone who suggested otherwise didn’t know what they were talking about.  Now the bill has been reviewed and there can be no dispute: it weakens current law, undermines future enforcement and puts amnesty—not enforcement—first. So new promises of amendment ‘fixes’ to save the bill should be viewed with great skepticism: every time, on every issue, the promises have not matched with reality. They promised back taxes—but the requirement isn’t there; they promised tight restrictions on welfare benefits—but state and local benefits, as well as tax credits, will be available immediately and federal welfare access is granted to millions of illegal immigrants starting in five years; they promised to protect workers—but this bill would devastate workers by tripling the number of legal immigrants over the next decade and doubling the number of guest workers.  No small cosmetic fix can save this bill, with so many provisions clearly authored by special interests whose chief desires are lower wages and amnesty—rather than a lawful, rational system of immigration.  As the ICE officers’ association warned: ‘instead of cracking down on the Administration’s abuse of power, S. 744 places unprecedented new restrictions on interior enforcement—making the current situation much worse and much more hazardous. It is as if S. 744 were explicitly written to handcuff law enforcement officials—binding their hands while giving virtually unchecked authority to executive branch officials to prevent future removals, including removals of criminal aliens.’ And as the USCIS adjudications officers warned: ‘the legislation was written with special interests—producing a bill that makes the current system worse, not better. S. 744 will damage public safety and national security and should be opposed by lawmakers.’  It’s time for the Gang of Eight to start being straight with the American public.”
