House VA Chairman Jeff Miller made it to town despite the weather and we are traveling around Little Rock showing him the successful programs we have for our veterans as well as sharing concerns out their needs. We are currently touring the St. Francis House and learning about how they are helping homeless veterans.
Members of my staff will be in Portland, Spencer, Winchester and Richmond on Monday, December 9 to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. Times and locations below:  Time:  8:30 a.m. – 10:30 a.m. EST Location:  Jay County Public Library: 315 N Ship St, Portland, IN 47371  Time:  11:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m. EST Location:  Owen County Public Library: 10 S. Montgomery St., Spencer, IN 47460  Time:  1:00 p.m. – 2:30 p.m. EST Location:  Winchester Community Library: 125 N East St, Winchester, IN 47394  Time:  3:00 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. EST Location:  Morrison Reeves Library: 80 N 6th St, Richmond, IN 47374
Indiana and Illinois are demonstrating that regional problems require regional solutions. By partnering together on the Illiana Expressway, we can solve some of our region’s biggest transportation challenges. Increasing opportunities to distribute goods made all over Indiana is good for Hoosier job creation and economic growth.
NA
A big Texas welcome to Robert, whose adoption from Guatemala was finalized last month with help from my office after a six year delay.
Enjoyed chatting with Stephen Brotherton, President of the Texas Medical Association:
A majority of young Americans expect Obamacare will be repealed next year.  LIKE to see that happen? #FullRepeal
Rasmussen reports that 81% of Americans think Obamacare should be repealed or changed. What say you?
A beautiful sight of the Capitol Christmas tree fully lit in front of the U.S. Capitol on December 3. Photo by Caleb Smith.
Over the last couple weeks, I had the opportunity to catch up with several local business leaders in Nebraska. A recurring theme in these conversations was the importance of encouraging new export opportunities, which will generate new business, create jobs, and boost wages. Read more about how opening markets for Nebraska businesses can spur long-awaited economic growth.
Appreciated the Omaha World-Herald's editorial this morning on the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham today met with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Horry County officials to discuss local projects affecting the area.
One of Nelson Mandela’s most important legacies is how he handled injustice. He experienced great injustice in his life yet when his time came to lead, he did so with a great sense of justice, compassion, and grace for all.    Mandela was an incredible man who life’s work inspired the world.  His contributions to mankind will be talked about for the ages.
Congress has much to accomplish in the next few weeks. Senator Grassley reviews this unfinished business in the Cedar Rapids Gazette.
With a $17 trillion national debt, it doesn’t make sense to turn a blind eye to loopholes in the farm program being exploited by millionaires.  In an op-ed for Politico, Senator Grassley explains the $170 million in farm program payments going to people who have little or nothing to do with a farming operation.  Read it here:
Senator Grassley debunks Big Oil’s attack on ethanol in The Des Moines Register. Read here:
“Today, almost 70 years after Anton Tuhy answered the call to serve, we pay tribute to him for his service in the U.S. Army during World War II. Anton is part of America’s greatest generation, a group of men and women who sacrificed so much to defend our way of life and our values. It is an honor to present Private First Class Tuhy with the medals he so valiantly earned.” 
 
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=6727910f-a449-4f29-830e-3b9a09c1c860
I want to thank everyone who came out to Bank of Cushing to talk about various issues. You can see the story published by Sean Kelly here: http://1600kush.com/story.php?id=6525&section=1 
 
 You may also read more about how I am pushing for the keystone pipeline here: http://www.stwnewspress.com/local/x853086255/Inhofe-expects-Obama-to-delay-pipeline-project
It's time that #Illinois embraces the infrastructure legacy of President Abraham Lincoln. By unlocking the potential of private industry, we can deliver projects like the Illiana Expressway more efficiently.
"Bottom line: both parties recognize that inequality and lack of opportunity are growing problems in American society today. Perhaps the biggest. The only question is whether a bigger, or smaller, federal government can better address the problem."  You can learn more about my conservative reform agenda to address our crisis of unequal opportunity here: www.lee.senate.gov/conservativereformagenda
RIP Nelson Mandela, a champion for liberty and justice, and one of the great heroes of our age. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family, the South African people, and friends of freedom everywhere.
Since the EPA refused to host a “listening session” in coal country, U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell held a pro-coal listening session of his own today in Eastern Kentucky at the University of Pikeville. Attending the session in Pikeville, Kentucky were eastern Kentucky community leaders, small business owners and coal mining families negatively affected by the President’s War on Coal.
NA
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour today in both Jefferson and Jackson Counties. In Jefferson County, I met with residents at Kendall State Bank to discuss the Farm Bill, community banking regulations, as well as 2nd Amendment and health care issues. Thanks to Gary Coleman for allowing me to use the Kendall State Bank facility, and to Mayor Charlie Stutesman and Rep. Ramon Gonzalez for attending.
It was great to tour Hays Medical Center this week and visit with staff. Nothing at HaysMed is ever status quo. They are always looking for the next step—how do we provide better service, how do we provide more service, how do we take care of another set of patients. HaysMed continues to work to improve its practices and serve its patients, and it was helpful for me to see that firsthand. Thanks to HaysMed President/CEO Dr. John Jeter for the informative tour.
Visiting with high school students at University School in Cleveland.  Responsibility, Loyalty, Consideration
In case you missed it:  Earlier today, I presented a plan to the Detroit Economic Club that provides depressed or bankrupt areas with new economic opportunities. The Economic Freedom Zone Act of 2013 removes the shackles of Big Government by reducing taxes, government regulations and burdensome union work requirements.   Hear more: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hZqoxmyow8
TODAY at 12:35 p.m. ET, I will unveil my new legislative proposal, Economic Freedom Zones, at the Detroit Economic Club.  This is a plan to revitalize the impoverished and bankrupt areas in the United States by leveraging the human capital, natural resources and business investment opportunities that already exist throughout the country.  WATCH the speech live here: www.C-SPAN.org
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: D.C. Dysfunction Hurting Military, Veterans: http://1.usa.gov/1gcmasN  "When the Senate reconvenes next week, its dysfunction will again be on display as it considers the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), major legislation that spells out our priorities for most national security and military matters.    Given the complexity of our military and the myriad security challenges we face, this should be an opportunity to have robust debates on a wide range of issues. In the past, this has normally been the case, but there is nothing normal about today’s dysfunctional Senate..."
Grabbing coffee with Andrew Seder of The Times Leader in Wilkes-Barre.
