This morning I had a chance to spend time at the UNCW Center for Marine Science with men and women who show such passion for their research areas. You can learn more about the Center for Marine Science here: uncw.edu/cms
Thank you Wilmington Chamber of Commerce for hosting me this morning -- it was great to spend time with you all.
Reminder: Today is the deadline for intern applications for the fall semester.
If you are a Wyoming high school junior or senior, please consider applying for the United States Senate Youth Program (USSYP). USSYP will award students a $5,000 scholarship and send them to Washington March 7th through the 14th for the program’s 53rd annual Washington Week. The statewide selection process has officially begun and the deadline to apply is September 26th. This program is a great opportunity for two students from Wyoming to earn money for college while also learning about the Senate.
Nez Perce Tribal Chairman Silas Whitman, Congressman Raul Labrador and Jerry Klemm of the Lower Clearwater Exchange Project joined me in Lewiston today to celebrate a collaborative agreement to improve water supplies and fish habitat in the Lewiston Orchards Irrigation District and on tribal lands. #idpol
Look at what the Great American Energy Renaissance has done for Midland, Texas: a jobless rate of just 2.9%!
The direct cause of the border crisis that Texas is now forced to address is President Obama's amnesty.  The solutions are really quite simple: Secure the border, end the amnesty and implement a system that celebrates legal immigration. #StopObamasAmnesty
Check out the Enzi Insider for more information on what I’m working on in Washington. This week’s Insider gives you an inside scoop on legislation regarding Israel’s self-defense, returning Abandoned Mine Land payments, a letter requesting that Star Valley Ranch be provided with a unique ZIP Code, and more. Take a look!
One of the best parts of my jobs is working with my staff to provide services that directly assist Nebraskans. Members of my staff are available to offer assistance with federal agencies and regularly hold local office hours in communities across the state to ensure all constituents have convenient access to these services. Learn more in my latest column, “Here to Help.”    http://1.usa.gov/Yd9xHl
"We have worked hard to promote economic growth across all industries in North Dakota, and as a result, our state has become a leader in high-tech industry. We enjoy this success both because of the pro-business climate we implemented that encourages innovation, entrepreneurship and investment and due to the investments we make in our infrastructure. This loan supports our efforts to provide North Dakotans with the fastest internet access in the country, empowering them to better access education, healthcare and commerce.”
I visited Decatur Memorial Hospital with Rep. Rodney Davis. Centers like DMH are crucial for stroke survivors to return to work.  For more of my #AugustofAction check out this interactive map on my website: http://kirk.senate.gov/augustofaction
Gator Kabobs, Pig Pretzels on a Stick and Deep Fried Tacos were among the foods I tried at the #IllinoisStateFair.  VIDEO: 
My #IllinoisStateFair food challenge included 14 foods from IL -  which is your favorite? Tweet at me [http://twitter.com/senatorkirk] & share your photos on Instagram w/ #ILFairFoodChallenge [http://instagram.com/senatorkirk].
A renewed commitment to reform can not only put America on the path to recovery, but reunite our nation after too many years of bitter division... and empower our people after too many years of falling behind.  A new generation of problems demands a new agenda of solutions: to answer Reagan’s challenge, and to once again remember America’s forgotten families.   
Sen. McConnell spent the day visiting with Kentuckians in western Kentucky. He made stops today in Mayfield, Bardwell, Clinton and Fulton.
Sen. McConnell's column: Kentuckians deserve to have their voices heard by the EPA in President Obama’s war on #coal 
After visiting with folks in Ashland, I drove to Coldwater to hold another town hall at the Comanche County Court House. The discussion focused on the President’s executive powers and overreach, illegal immigration, and the overall future wellbeing of this country. Thanks to the Comanche County Clerk’s office and County Clerk Alice Smith for letting us use the venue. Pictured is Shirley Norton of Protection.
Here's another shot from my Kansas listening tour in Clark County yesterday at the Ranch House café. It was great to see so many local residents come by to have a conversation. The rural way of life dominated most of the discussion, which encompassed agriculture as well as access to health care, education and the VA. Thanks to Frank York for coordinating the town hall, and to Nina Glaser for letting us use the Ranch House for the conversation.
I was honored to speak to the brave men and women of the Coast Guard in Kodiak today. Alaskans love and support our Coast Guard and today was a valuable opportunity to tell them that in person. http://bit.ly/1t0FkXw 
Sometimes it can be difficult to navigate the maze of the federal government. My office can help you obtain reliable information, order forms, and inquire on your behalf with a federal agency. Although my staff cannot guarantee a particular outcome, they will do their best to help you receive a fair and timely response to your concern.
Thank you to those in Leavenworth who turned out for my town hall meeting. We discussed the Army's ongoing assessment of force structure and the potential for cuts to Ft. Leavenworth personnel. I urged them to submit public comments and said that I would continue to fight for the post to maintain its vital role in our national security and in our state.
I was pleased to bump into my friend Senator Julia Lynn of Olathe at our Olathe town hall meeting. Thanks to those that joined us to talk about the issues.
Kansans, please join me and offer your comments about what potential force reductions at Ft. Riley or Ft. Leavenworth would mean for your community or business. The public comment period is open until August 25, 2014. Help us make the Army realize that there is no place like home right here in Kansas.
This week, Sen. Sessions visited NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center to speak at a ribbon-cutting ceremony for Building 4220, a LEED certified, energy-efficient, facility that will support rocket construction and development for engineers and technology professionals in Marshall's Space Launch System (SLS) Program Office.
Big win and a great effort by Taney Youth Baseball Association today.  #MoneDavis K's the side in the 6th to wrap up another complete game shutout. Really looking forward to the team's next game on Sunday! #MidAtlantic  
Best of luck to #TaneyBaseball today as they kick off their Little League World Series slate at 3 PM on ESPN.  In preparation for first pitch, check out this incredible Sport Science piece on #MoneDavis.  
I was pleased to attend the ribbon-cutting of the state’s newest community health center today in #Southaven. As a long-time champion of community-based health centers, I believe citizens in DeSoto County will benefit immensely from this new facility.
Terrific turnout for today's #Senatobia Rotary lunch! Now, I'm off to #Southaven to see the opening of their brand new Community Health Center. #NHCW2014
Taking the #ALSIceBucketChallenge at home in #Tupelo. I challenge two great athletes: Archie Manning & Jim Weatherly. One sings better than the other.
