SHARE this post if you agree with Senator Alexander that President Obama needs to do more to fix our $17 trillion federal debt. To keep up with the senator on the debt and other issues facing our country, sign up for his monthly online newsletter: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive
Telephone townhall announced, Senate-passage of Ukraine assistance package, IRS free file and much more in this edition of the “Week in Review.” 
NA
This week, Sheridan’s Michael and Stacy Sweeney and their 10 wonderful children visited us in Washington.  I enjoyed meeting the entire family and learning about how we can help cut Washington red tape associated with adoptions. Last year, I was an original co-sponsor to the Accuracy for Adoptees Act and it was signed into law in January.  The bill helped the Sweeney family resolve inaccuracies with four of the kids’ birth certificates.
NA
NA
Senator Crapo joined with U.S. Department of Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, Oregon Senators Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkley, the entire Idaho Delegation, Idaho Governor Butch Otter and federal fire officials for a briefing on the projected 2014 fire season and a productive discussion on the bipartisan Wildfire Disaster Funding Act of 2013 at the National Interagency Fire Center
Another delay to Obamacare—an extension of the enrollment period for Americans to comply with the individual mandate—was recently announced, making the total number of major delays and extensions to this law surpass thirty. The Administration continues to make selective interpretations of the law to advance their political interests.   The complete dislocation of the United States health care economy, coupled with the law’s negative effects on the already sluggish economy and job market, should be a clear indication to Washington, as it is to the American people, that this law is simply not working. 
Welcomed Killeen Mayor Dan Corbin and officials to D.C. yesterday for a great discussion:
Thank you Larry for championing freedom at The Kudlow Report. Free-market capitalism IS the best path to prosperity. #KudlowCreed
With the Great American Energy Renaissance, we have an opportunity to jumpstart the economy and bring high-paying jobs to cities across Texas and the nation.   All we need to do is get the government out of the way. For far too long, the government has stifled opportunity and this bill will help Americans to do what they do best— dream, innovate, and prosper.
The feds spent $700K on a climate change musical, but are cutting Marine battalions to save money. Our priorities are WAY out of line.
And then they came for the crossword puzzles... #SOSVenezuela
I joined Senators John Barrasso, R-Wyo., and Mark Kirk, R-Ill., and others in wanting assurance from President Obama that his Administration has no plans to share missile technology with Russia.
Today’s Elite #8ofWaste matchup pits the Beltway Boozers against the D.O.E. GasGuzzlers. What do you consider a more egregious waste of taxpayer dollars - $1.3 million for alcohol or $700,000 for alternative fuel vehicles that the government fuels with regular gasoline? Share your pick in the comments section below.
My Tucson staff is holding office hours Monday, March 31 in Douglas, Bisbee and Sierra Vista. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are recommended but are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  DOUGLAS, AZ 10:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Executive Room, Douglas City Hall  425 East 10th Street Douglas, AZ   BISBEE, AZ  11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Mayor’s Office, Bisbee City Hall 118 Arizona Street Bisbee, AZ   SIERRA VISTA, AZ  1:30 p.m. - 2:30 p.m. Sierra Vista Public Library 2600 East Tacoma Street Sierra Vista, AZ  For more information contact Gaby Gonzalez in my Tucson office at (520) 575-8633.
The O’Care Hawkers are moving on in the Elite #8ofWaste. Thanks for voting! Next matchup tips off soon...
My column this week explains the latest on Congress’s response to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. It also discusses my efforts to fight government policies that are raising Nebraskans' energy bills and healthcare premiums.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham attended the BMW 20th Anniversary ceremony where the company announced they will expand production capacity and build the new X7 SUV in Greer.  The company will also invest another $1 billion in the South Carolina facility.
We UNI panthers will pull for Iowa st Cyclones tonite agst UConn.  Really we want u all to win
The Military Order of the Purple Heart signifies the highest form of sacrifice & loyalty. Thanks to all of America’s brave heroes.
Yesterday, I welcomed Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett before the Environment and Public Works Committee for a hearing to examine MAP-21 surface transportation reauthorization. Mayor Cornett was able to share how recent transportation improvements in the OKC Metro have contributed to the enormous growth the city and state are experiencing.
I always enjoy visiting with the folks from Elk City where we discussed over regulations of our domestic energy resources. I also received questions about the situation in Ukraine, and shared how America's leadership vacuum is now being filled by Russia. I warned this day was coming and for this reason I believe the U.S. must maintain a capable military that is fully funded and ready.
I had the honor of speaking to the Greater Oklahoma City Chamber during their visit to Washington this week. Oklahoma City is experiencing remarkable growth thanks to groups like the Chamber who are working with local businesses, community leaders and government officials to expand opportunities in our state.
My greatest concern in the Obama Administration's decision to list Western Oklahoma's lesser prairie chicken as threatened is that it is easier to list a species than it is to delist it. Oklahoma, industry participants, and others made extraordinary efforts over the past couple years to protect the bird in order to keep it from a listing. I will be fighting to reverse this purely political decision by the Administration and will work alongside local efforts to get the bird delisted: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-calls-listing-of-lesser-prairie-chicken-purely-political
Sens. Johnson, Franken bring attention to history of women stripped of citizenship. http://t.co/cBIzKGDkZ8
When the federal government tries telling people what vegetables to eat, can we agree it's overreached?  http://t.co/Dd6taFjVSW
Senator Johnson discussing Obamacare last night on The Kudlow Report with Larry Kudlow
Letting the Senate debate the reinstatement of extended benefits will give Harry Reid and his Senate Democrats a chance to prove they are serious about setting priorities in spending.  If they don't want to simply play politics with the unemployment extension issue, they will find lower priority spending to eliminate over the same period as any extension they propose.  They will also enact reforms and provide guidance as to when ‘temporary and emergency’ federal unemployment insurance will end and this function can be wholly turned back over to states, where it should properly reside. -rj
On Wisconsin! Great game! #Elite8
Let's cheer on our #Wisconsin Badgers! #SweetSixteen
Today in Parsons, I participated in the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new Sonny and Sophia Zetmeir Health Science Facility on the campus of Labette Community College. LCC has been tremendously successful in educating the skilled health professionals who have a positive impact on the lives of all those in the communities they serve.    Congratulations to LCC students, faculty and alumni on the opening this new state-of-the-art facility. Thanks to LCC President Dr. George Knox, the members of the Board of Trustees, the Capital Campaign Committee and the LCC Foundation and Alumni Association for their many years of hard work and great team effort on this project. And thanks especially to all the donors, especially Sophia Zetmeir and her late husband Sonny, for their investment in the future of LCC, their community, and our state. Here is a great picture of the mural inside the new facility paying tribute to the life and good work of Sonny in the community. He truly made a difference every day.
Today before my town hall meeting in Fort Scott, I stopped by the courthouse to visit with County Commissioners Barbara Albright, Allen Warren and Harold Coleman and County Clerk Kendell Mason, as well as made a quick stop at the National Historic Site.   I appreciated Bourbon County residents who attended the town hall meeting and shared concerns on a variety of issues facing Kansas and the nation. Thanks to the Karen Endicott-Coyan and Reta Baker at Mercy Health Systems for hosting the Kansas Listening Tour stop. Thanks also to State Representative Adam Lusker and Kansas Hospital Association President and CEO Tom Bell for attending.
As a member of the Subcommittee for Agriculture Appropriations, I had the opportunity to question U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack this week. We primarily discussed implementation of the Farm Bill, and I asked him to provide a timeline so producers know when the new farm programs are up and running.   The first set of programs to be implemented are the Livestock Disaster Programs, and signups should be available as soon as April 15 with producer payments being delivered thereafter. Right now, the USDA is working to draft the rules for the commodity and crop insurance programs, as well as educate Farm Service Agency (FSA) staff and producers on the new programs. USDA is hopeful that by late summer producers will have the opportunity to update yields and acres with their FSA office, and by early fall the final rules for the new programs will be available. Additionally, signups for farm programs should available by the end of the year.   I also reminded Secretary Vilsack that one of his primary roles is to be an advocate for agriculture within the administration. It's imperative that the issues facing rural America are explained and understood by an increasingly urban Congress. I will continue to advocate for agriculture, and implore my colleagues from rural America to do the same.
Yesterday afternoon, we received word from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services Director Dan Ashe that the lesser prairie chicken will be listed as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act. Listing the lesser prairie chicken will have real consequences on many sectors in communities across Kansas including agriculture, oil and gas development, ranching, transportation and wind energy.   I am confident there are ways to address conserving the species while not hampering economic growth and farming and ranching activities. As conservation efforts are considered, producers deserve the flexibility to implement plans that fit their operations. Additionally, it will be imperative to account for ongoing species recovery developments. I am committed to working with U.S. Fish and Wildlife to make certain the measures implemented are based on sound science and common sense, as well as represent the best interest of producers.
Glad I could connect with the young people attending the Alaska Youth Court State Conference in Ketchikan via video today.  I’m continually impressed by the dedication of the young people in our state and their willingness to sacrifice their free time to participate in such great causes.
It is my hope that Sec. Jewell opens her eyes, opens her mind and opens her heart to the people of King Cove who are pleading for a life-saving one lane gravel road. I really appreciate the people of King Cove coming to Washington, DC this week. They traveled so far to have their voices heard by the government, and also share their story nationally with ABC News-Yahoo. Watch this great story!
NOAA Administrator Dr. Kathryn Sullivan visited my office today and brought me this great picture of Southcentral Alaska from space.  If I squint, I can almost see my house!
Years after the conviction of my friend Ted Stevens was thrown out, I am still seeking closure.  Today I asked the new FBI director about what’s been done to stop this kind of injustice from happening to anyone else. Here’s what he said: 
Yesterday, I spoke with ABC in Cleveland on the bipartisan unemployment insurance agreement and the need to make significant reforms to this broken program.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbkiQNn-2lg&feature=youtu.be
14-year-old Suvir Mirchandani figured out a way to save the U.S. government $400 million per year.    Today's MUST-READ: http://www.cnn.com/2014/03/27/living/student-money-saving-typeface-garamond-schools/index.html?iref=allsearch
My full statement on the #LesserPrairieChicken: 
The Obama administration believes the lesser prairie chicken is more important than the Kansas way of life.
We are still celebrating the opening of the Mars Plant in Topeka. Here are my thoughts about the great opportunities that are ahead for Topeka and Mars on this grand occasion.  
ICYMI: Rubio: Keep The Internet Free: http://fxn.ws/1jdJPZL  ...  Above all, the NTIA must be an active participant. Just because NTIA is relinquishing this contract does not mean the United States should sit on the sidelines. The Internet and its future are too important. A lot is riding on this decision, and the United States cannot be idle or take the posture of a passive observer.  We know the world is watching how NTIA carries out this announcement and transition.   We know that enemies of Internet freedom are watching for the first opportunity to seize this process and push for more government control of the Internet.   They can be certain that Congress and the American people are watching  as well.   There is too much at stake to get this wrong, and too much is still unknown to have complete confidence that this will be done correctly. 
Shelby comments on passing of Adm. and Sen. Jeremiah A. Denton, Jr.:  “Admiral Denton will be long remembered for his service to America.  He was a war hero, an honorable senator, and a family man who cared deeply about his country.  I send my deepest condolences to his family during this difficult time.”  
From Sen. Sessions' comments on the passing of Jeremiah Denton: "Jeremiah Denton was a friend, warrior, leader, and hero. The nation will never forget his courage when, having endured brutal torture as a POW in Vietnam, he defied and outsmarted his captors and broadcast a Morse code message to the world. He was a man of grit and character that can’t be manufactured. His word was his bond and his loyalty was unshakable.  Vietnam’s most ruthless interrogators couldn’t break the iron will of this rock-ribbed Alabama native...  My wife, Mary, and I pray that his family will draw strength from the knowledge that his legacy will outlive us all"
Senator Sessions issued the following statement today on the passing of former U.S. Senator and U.S. Navy Rear Admiral Jeremiah Denton:  “Jeremiah Denton was a friend, warrior, leader, and hero. The nation will never forget his courage when, having endured brutal torture as a POW in Vietnam, he defied and outsmarted his captors and broadcast a Morse code message to the world. He was a man of grit and character that can’t be manufactured. His word was his bond and his loyalty was unshakable.  Vietnam’s most ruthless interrogators couldn’t break the iron will of this rock-ribbed Alabama native. During his videotaped inquisition he declared: ‘whatever the position of my government is, I support it fully… and I will as long as I live.’ After being freed from the Vietnamese prison camp, before returning to home soil, he again displayed his abiding sense of duty, saying: ‘We are honored to have had the opportunity to serve our country under difficult circumstances. We are profoundly grateful to our Commander-in-Chief and to our nation for this day. God bless America.’  He also had a deep religious faith that helped inspire his service in the U.S. Senate. The city of Mobile, the state of Alabama, the Navy, and the Congress have all been honored to know him.  My wife, Mary, and I pray that his family will draw strength from the knowledge that his legacy will outlive us all.  May God bless him on his next journey.”
Giving a guest lecture on healthcare at Wofford College with my good friend Congressman Trey Gowdy
Honored to offer the closing prayer at the Piedmont Women's Center 2014 Banquet yesterday evening
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update. Prefer inbox delivery? See http://ow.ly/v8snq. Thanks!
