Sen. Alexander talks with Nashville Hall of Fame member, Roger Cook, and Nashville Songwriters Association Executive Director Bart Herbison in the U.S. Capitol. Cook is the composer of hit songs performed by country music legend, George Strait, and numerous other songs, including, “I’d Like to Teach the World to Sing.”
After taking questions from students from Franklin Road Academy in Nashville, Tenn., about the Senate and Washington, D.C., at this morning’s constituent breakfast, Senators Alexander and Corker listened as the students talked about what they were most excited about in their visit to Washington. If you know any Tennessee students that would like to join Senators Alexander and Corker for “Tennessee Tuesday,” held every Tuesday that the Senate is in session, please visit our Web site for more information. http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=TennesseeTuesdays
I’m very pleased the Senate unanimously passed my amendment today, which will help protect every family from paying higher food costs, and ensure hardworking Americans who make a living at these food inspection facilities don’t see their wages cut.
I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday in support of Senator Jerry Moran’s amendment that will protect Americans’ air travel and private sector jobs from across-the-board sequester cuts.
Under the Senate Democrats budget, debt per household would increase $50,000 over ten years to over $190,000 per household.  
 
 Families across America are struggling to makes ends meet, but many in Washington seem to think the answer is to spend more money.  Share this if you think it is irresponsible to saddle American families with even more debt and pass the bill along to future generations of Americans.
Senator Pryor and I  introduced the Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act today. This bipartisan bill that gives Guard and Reserve retirees with 20 years of service the honor of being called a veteran.
President Obama arrived in Israel today for his first official visit as commander in chief. You can read the letter 77 of my colleagues and I sent him before he departed.
The Senate will soon begin debate on a budget. In this edition of "From the Mailbag" Senator Boozman discusses the importance of the Senate debating its first budget resolution in four years.
NA
NA
News Release: Almost daily, Idahoans contact me with their stories about the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  Many of the EPA requirements needlessly drive up costs affecting the bottom line for business and industry further hurting Idaho’s economy.  Do you have a story of how the EPA has negatively impacted your business or farm?  Share it with me below or my emailing EPA_Stories@Crapo.senate.gov.
It is reasons like the long bureaucratic application process that make Obamacare bad for Idahoans.
PHOTO: Enjoyed speaking to the National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW) yesterday and appreciate the award presented to me.
Senator Collins welcomed members of the Professional Firefighters of Maine to Washington, D.C. today.  They thanked her for introducing and helping pass into law the Fire Grants Reauthorization Act, which includes three grant programs that provide critical assistance to local fire departments across Maine.
This morning, Senator Collins had breakfast with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Eric Shinseki.  They discussed a wide range of issues affecting veterans in Maine and across the country, including the  VA claims backlog, suicide prevention and drug take-back programs, joblessness, Gagetown, and the ARCH program, which is intended to improve access for eligible veterans by connecting them to health care providers and services closer to home.
PHOTO: Great meeting with the Southwestern Council of Agribusiness:
PHOTO: Do you qualify for Obamacare? Here's a 'simple' chart:
Politico: Cornyn: No White House Budget, No Pay:
Examiner - Cornyn: No Pay for White House Budget Writers Until Obama Delivers One:
Breitbart: Senate Judiciary GOP Demands Open, Transparent Immigration Reform Process:
Cornyn Proposes Withholding White House Pay For Late Budgets:
Cornyn Budget Op-Ed: It’s About People, Not Numbers:
Cornyn in Houston Chronicle: Background Checks Have to Keep Guns From Severely Troubled Buyers:
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be participating in this afternoon’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing titled, “Counterterrorism Policies and Priorities: Addressing the Evolving Threat” at 4:00 p.m. ET. Watch live here: http://1.usa.gov/15rXhiE.
Today’s Washington Post editorial (http://wapo.st/ZKiToM) underscores Sen. Corker’s call for Congress to give the Postal Service the flexibility it needs to remain viable and not be a burden to taxpayers. Yesterday, Corker expressed strong disappointment that Congress will not vote on Sen. Tom Coburn’s amendment that would free the Postal Service to make one change it believes is necessary to reduce costs. The Postal Service estimates it would save roughly $2 billion a year by moving to five-day delivery for some postal products. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/YoRes7.
Today the Senate passed its version of a “continuing resolution”- legislation that will fund the federal government through September. I thought we could have done better and voted against it.
I introduced a bill yesterday with Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., that would give workers who leave their jobs up until they file their federal taxes to repay money they’ve taken out of their company’s retirement plan. A secure retirement is a secure future.
Those who served our nation so selflessly should not have their Second Amendment rights taken away based on a technicality. I cosponsored legislation introduced last week that clarifies a veteran cannot be arbitrarily stripped of their Second Amendment rights without a finding from a judge.
I spoke before the Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday in favor of the nomination of Greg Phillips for the U.S. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. Phillips is currently Wyoming’s attorney general and a graduate from the University of Wyoming College of Law.  I served with Mr. Phillips in the Wyoming Legislature and can say with confidence that he is recognized throughout the Wyoming legal community as a talented, respected and thoughtful attorney. Click below to watch the video of my testimony.
Unfortunately, the Senate passed another massive $1.1 trillion spending bill that includes more pork barrel spending. I opposed the continuing resolution because:  • A number of ‘cost-savings’ included the bill are the result of legislative gimmicks, not meaningful spending cuts. • The legislation was crafted behind closed doors and jammed through the Senate by the Majority Leader, who limited opportunity for senators to amend and improve the bill. For example, the Majority Leader would not allow consideration of an important amendment impacting service at airports in Grand Island, Sioux City, and Cheyenne; these airports provide travel services to many Nebraskans. • It failed to include needed flexibility to target wasteful spending rather than the harmful cuts to critical government services. • The legislation funds the implementation of the controversial healthcare law.  I believe we've had enough gimmicks; it's time for meaningful spending cuts.
Nebraska Ag Fact: Every dollar in our state's agricultural exports generates $1.34 in economic activities such as transportation, financing, warehousing, and production. Happy Ag Week!
Not only did we have a fantastic youth presence at the Nebraska Breakfast this morning, U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and I had the opportunity to meet with over 100 Nebraska students participating in the Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs.
will be a guest tonight Greta Van Susteren talking about the federal budget and how we must get spending under control.
Senator Rand Paul’s support for comprehensive immigration reform is another step in the right direction for the Republican Party.  I have long agreed with the assertion Senator Paul made yesterday that the current system of doing nothing is amnesty.    Finally, I applaud and appreciate Senator Paul’s support for a path to citizenship.  This is an important piece of reform.
Lawsuit Over Key Interest Rate Increases Pressure on Treasury for Fixes
Ending Meat and Poultry Inspector Furloughs
Grassley Protests Senate Leader Refusing Vote on Air Guard and Reserve Amendment
Grassley Talks about Administration's Release of More Than 2000 illegal immigrants
Grassley Welcomes Trade Promotion Authority Call from Administration
Welcomed a bright group of North Dakota high school students to Washington, DC. The students toured the Capitol building and met with Senator Heitkamp, Representative Cramer and me on the Senate steps today.
Glad to meet with a great group of high school students from the Bismarck-Mandan area prior to their tour of the Capitol.
Always good to meet with my great friends at the Illinois Road Transportation Builders to discuss my agenda to encourage public private partnerships.
Met with leadership of the New American Airlines. Must keep O'Hare Modernization on track and keep the airline's presence in the state.
Our bill will help prevent prescription drug abuse and save lives.
Today in a Judiciary Committee hearing on domestic drone use I referenced this quote from a recent Supreme Court opinion by Justice Alito: "In the pre-computer age, the greatest protections of privacy were neither constitutional nor statutory, but practical."   As we get closer to the possibility of widespread use of domestic drones for surveillance purposes, the practical limitations that have prevented constant government surveillance of American citizens will disappear.  We must now have a discussion to clarify what limits the 4th Amendment creates for domestic drone surveillance, and what statutory limits need to be created to protect Americans' privacy.  Please share this video and become part of this discussion.
McConnell: Obamacare needs to be repealed and replaced. Anyone who thinks we've given up this fight is dead wrong.
I have good news to share with Kansans – the U.S. Senate just passed an amendment to the Senate CR I sponsored that reinstates the Tuition Assistance program for service members, which was suspended for members of the U.S. Army, Marine Corps and Air Force as a result of Department of Defense sequestration decisions. If included in the final CR once the differences between the House and Senate versions are reconciled, this amendment will restore Tuition Assistance benefits and protect a program that gives our active-duty service members the quality education they deserve. Click the link below to learn more.
After a year-long deployment, I am pleased the 1st Infantry Division headquarters officially marked its homecoming to Fort Riley Tuesday. I am grateful for the soldiers’ service to our nation, but also want to express my thanks to their families for their sacrifice.
This morning, I continued my push to save 173 FAA Control Towers in 42 states – including 7 in Kansas – and asked Senator Reid to put the safety of Americans before politics. If he continues to block a vote on my amendment, which has 26 bipartisan Senate cosponsors, air traffic control towers across the country will close on April 7, 2013, putting the safety of Americans in jeopardy. There is no reason Control Towers should be disproportionately targeted for a 75% cut. If there is an accident, and somebody dies, the question will always be “what if there had been an air traffic control tower there? What if we had left the program in place?”
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of VPSO Thomas Madole today.  His is such a tragic loss to Manokotak, Bethel, and the Alaska law enforcement community.  Please know that I, and so many in our state are mourning beside you.
This is big: today Sen. Landrieu and I introduced our offshore revenue sharing plan, the ‘Fixing American’s Inequities with Revenues (FAIR) Act.  We’re making the investments and putting in the time to bring it to market, so states should get some of the rewards from future offshore energy development projects – including funds to develop clean renewable opportunities.  Under my plan, Alaska could get a share of offshore development money instead of sending nearly all of it to the federal government.  We could use that to boost emergency response capabilities, and construct critical infrastructure- like deep water ports, airfields and docks.
Frankenfish is more science-fiction than seafood.  We Alaskans have been saying for years that you shouldn’t mess with Mother Nature, and now three national grocery stores are saying ‘not on our shelves.’  That’s good news for our nation’s nutrition needs, Alaska’s seafood industry & our wild salmon.
Hands down: this video of an orphaned polar bear cub at the Alaska Zoo is the cutest video of the day!
When Alaskans can get a federal official with intimate knowledge of our unique challenges and culture, everyone is better off.  I look forward to working with new Alaska VA Director Susan Yeager to continue the momentum we have built for Alaska’s veterans:
The pattern of reckless spending is driving our long-term debt & deficits. This CR spending bill was a missed opportunity to really cut spending so I voted no.
I visited with NASA astronauts at this morning’s Buckeye Coffee. Very interesting to talk with them.
Tonight, I appeared on Fox's Your World with Neil Cavuto.    Click here to watch my interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1h85V2MoZo
It was a pleasure to meet with my friend Kansas City, Kansas Mayor Joe Reardon yesterday. Exciting things going on in KCK!
Senator Rubio Opposes Short-Term Funding Measure As "Short-Sighted Band-Aid Disguised As A Solution": http://1.usa.gov/YprhMb
PHOTO RELEASE: Rubio Meets With Cuban Blogger Yoani Sanchez, Warns Regime About Her Safety Upon Return Home: http://1.usa.gov/WEpimz
Click below to watch the Budget floor debate online. You can also see it on C-SPAN. The Budget debate is expected to continue for the next few days. Sessions will be managing the debate for the minority.
Excerpt from Sessions' remarks on the Senate floor:   “Any Senator who votes for this budget is saying to the American people: Washington is not the problem, you are the problem. They're saying we've managed your money well, we've done it all right, we did nothing wrong. The problem is YOU. YOU haven't sent us enough money. In fact, this budget says send us another $1.5 trillion in more taxes. Send more money. Now, they also say, but don't worry, you won't have to pay those taxes. We're just closing loopholes. But closing loopholes doesn't come close to getting this many taxpayer dollars. It just doesn’t.”
Senate is opening debate on the Murray Budget - the first Senate Budget proposal on the floor in four years' time. The House passed 'No Budget, No Pay' to compel the Senate to reveal their proposal. Senator Sessions is leading debate for the Minority on the floor right now.
Yesterday, Senator Sessions and Republicans on the Judiciary Committee sent a letter warning against a rush to consider the ‘Gang of 8’ comprehensive immigration proposal that is being drafted. Today, Senator Sessions issued the following statement on the purpose of the letter:  “We have an obligation to adopt an immigration policy that serves the national interest, not the special interests—whether those special interests are open-borders advocacy groups, large corporations, or the political establishment. In order to serve the national interest, it is imperative that the Judiciary Committee fulfill its responsibility to review, scrutinize, and independently judge any immigration bill we consider. We have heard many promises before only to see the text of the bill fails to live up to those promises.  The process must be open and the public must be heard. A sound process in committee will take months, not weeks. And we’d be better off taking a step-by-step approach than trying to deal with these complex and emotional issues in one massive piece of legislation. And, contrary to the wisdom in Washington circles, our first and highest priority must be to establish lawfulness at the border and within the country. The consequences are simply too profound for American workers and taxpayers to rush through some thousand-page amnesty bill to passage only to find out what’s in it later. Such an approach would violate the fundamental principles of our democratic Republic.”
NA
Got some great questions today from the 11th graders from Greenville Tech Charter High School!
While I appreciate support from Sen. Bob Casey, Jr., I'm disappointed that the Senate would rather spend taxpayer dollars on wasteful bio-fuel subsidies than support essential maintenance operations for our military. Installations like Tobyhanna Army Depot in Northeastern PA - and others across the country - play a significant role in our national security. We can make much more sensible cuts than this.
Just voted to restore tuition assistance for members of our Armed Forces. Pleased to report that it has passed the Senate. It should never have been cut in the first place.
My regional manager for Southeast Pennsylvania, James Fitzpatrick, visited Jumpstart Philadelphia at Temple University   this morning to observe the great work they're doing as volunteer mentors in elementary school classrooms. Thanks, and keep up the great work!
Teriffic news: Comcast Cable plans to open a new state-of-the-art customer support center this summer in Dauphin County. The new facility will create about 425 jobs. Welcome news and a great match.
Happy birthday to beloved childhood icon and Latrobe native Fred Rogers. Mr. Rogers would've turned 85 today. Glad he was our neighbor in Pa.
Troubling news: Senate Democrats' budget tax hike could cost Pennsylvania 35,000 jobs per year over 10 years. Our state will be the 6th worst hit in the nation.
Great win by Robert Morris University over Kentucky in the NIT last night. Congratulations!
