NA
Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas.
Wishing you and your loved ones a very Merry Christmas and thinking of those serving abroad to protect us who can't celebrate with their families today. They deserve a special thank you from us all.
Bobbi and I wish you and your family a very Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas!
The Boise State Broncos are taking on Oregon State tonight in the Sheraton Hawaii Bowl. Go Broncos!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
As the year comes to a close, I’d like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and happy holiday season. May it be filled with peace, joy, and time well spent with friends and family.
I always look forward to the Christmas season in anticipation of spending time with my lovely wife and our 20 kids and grandkids. But as you are aware our family will not be whole this year and for the years to come after the loss of our son, Perry. The letters, e-mails, phone calls, and prayers from so many of you in Oklahoma have meant more than words can express.  I spoke with NBC's Meet the Press about what this first Christmas will be like without him. While it will be difficult, my family and I find peace in celebrating the birth of the One who will reunite us with Perry again.   "O holy Child of Bethlehem, Descend to us, we pray; Cast out our sins and enter in, Be born to us today. We hear the Christmas angels The great glad tidings tell: Oh, come to us, abide with us, Our Lord Emmanuel!" -O Little Town of Bethlehem  by Phillips Brooks, 1867  From my family to yours, we wish you all wonderful Christmas and a fulfilling new year.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agML9-zoiXQ&feature=share
#MerryChristmas to all who celebrate. My thoughts are with those protecting our country away from their families.
Merry Christmas from my family to yours!
Today, Robba and I wish you and your families a very Merry Christmas. We will also take time to remember the families of the servicemen and women not able to be with their loved ones today as they serve on our behalf.
From my family to yours: Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and Happy New Year, Alaska!
May you and your family be surrounded by the warmth of the holiday season. Merry Christmas from my family to yours.
As we celebrate with our families and friends today, thinking of those serving our nation and those who sacrificed everything to keep us safe. You are not and will not be forgotten. #ThankYou
Thanks to the Marines and more than 200 volunteers who came out to deliver toys to more than 800 kids in the Lowcountry this morning! And Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
