I’m pleased to see the Corps has heeded my calls and continues to take positive steps in the rock removal process to help prevent a crisis on the Mississippi River. This is a step in the right direction, and I urge the Corps to continue monitoring water levels and to ensure the maintenance of commercial navigation.
We have very talented students in Arkansas. One of our phenomenal students from Fort Smith's Southside will be serving as a Senate Page this semester. We're excited to welcome William Jenner to the Senate.
I recently had the honor of meeting Wyoming soldier Sgt. Nicolas Wohlers, who is currently stationed at Kandahar Airfield, Afghanistan.
Congratulations to Governor Mike Pence and Lieutenant Governor Sue Ellspermann on being sworn in to serve Hoosiers
Health-insurance premiums are rising due to Obamacare. The focus of health care reform should have been on reducing cost, but the bill that passed is actually driving them up.
Important information for students and families applying for Federal student aid for the 2013-2014 school year.   This applies to students going to an institution of higher education for the first time and individuals returning for another year at school.   Please share. The doors of higher education should be open to all, particularly those who are most economically disadvantaged.
Cornyn: Closed Door Meetings, Retraction Letters Can’t Erase Hagel’s Record
Roll Call: Cornyn Raises Profile in First Weeks as GOP Whip
Government Accountability Office: No law mandating order in which government bill are to be paid, so POTUS's Treasury department can prioritize, not Congress.
Hennessey: A primer on fiscal deadlines and consequences.
Take a look at what was just delivered to the office.   Can't wait to get it up on the wall!
Fun fact: my desk in the U.S. Senate Chamber was previously occupied by Phil Gramm, Richard Nixon, and (very cool) Barry Goldwater.   Quite the legacy to try to continue.
#99countymeetings newhampton 44ppl   Ethanol Guns Czars F&F debt limit&14thAmend Fed&monetary Horse Slaughter InterestRate ObamaCare Estate
#99countymeetings Aplington/ParkersburgHS 64Students Guncontrol,ObamaCare,FiscalCliff,FarmBill,ExportingJobs,Benghazi,F&F,Iran,NorthKorea
If President refuses 2 controlspending w/debtceiling, House should pass bill&request conf w/Senate. Congr must lead in absence Pres leadrshp
Grassley says raising the debt ceiling is not the answer
Lynne and I are looking forward to Governor Brian Sandoval's State of the State address tomorrow. You can watch online here: http://leg.state.nv.us/
“Although we are opposed on issues, we are still friends.  This is one of those rare times when policy differences don’t stand in the way of personal relationships."  http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=408db8e7-94d0-3fc1-43cf-5ea21a20e624
Just met with Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki, this was his first member meeting of the 113th Congress.
If you haven't already done so already, you should like the official Facebook page of Senator Ted Cruz.  As Senators we have to maintain official pages that are different from our campaign pages, and this is his new official page.
I traveled to Clay Center today to speak to the Clay Center Lions Club at Maury’s Restaurant and listen to the members' concerns on issues including the debt ceiling, our staggering national deficit, taxes, the Farm Bill and Obamacare. Thanks to Club President Dusty Mullen for being so welcoming, and thanks to all the residents who took time to visit with me today.
This morning we officially opened a new regional office in Manhattan. The opportunity for me and my staff to interact with constituents is very valuable as I make decisions about how to vote in Washington and what issues to pursue. Thanks to the Manhattan Area Chamber of Commerce for the warm welcome.
There are a lot of big issues on the national stage right now, but there are still small victories out there for our state.  The US Coast Guard Cutter Storis helped shape Alaska - protecting our wild fish stocks from foreign vessels, aiding tsunami-stricken communities after the 1964 earthquake and even delivering vital supplies for the Trans-Alaska pipeline.  The National Park Service has put the Storis on the National Register of Historic Places, and now I hope this piece of Alaskan history will return home to our state: http://1.usa.gov/V2KDUn
When the U.S. Senate resumes business next week, I will introduce  the Dollar-for-Dollar Deficit Reduction Act to prevent Senate Democrats from using debt limit increases to kick the can down the road on spending reduction.  I was able to speak about my plan on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning.  In case you missed it, watch it on my YouTube page: http://bit.ly/10wPe7y
I also had a chance to talk about spending & the debt limit with Gretchen Carlson on FOX & Friends this morning. You can watch it here: http://bit.ly/VYpi03
Last night I had the chance to sit down with FOX's Sean Hannity to discuss why Washington must address its out-of-control spending.  In case you missed it, be sure to check it out here: http://bit.ly/VHVkxS
I'll be on FOX tonight talking with Sean Hannity about what we can do to reduce spending in the upcoming debt limit debates.  Be sure to tune in tonight at 9pm!
Senator Rubio Holds Town Hall at Firehouse Subs HQ and Visits NAS Jacksonville: http://1.usa.gov/W5SVJR
This morning, Senator Rubio hosted a town hall with Firehouse Subs employees and guest at their Jacksonville HQ.
NA
Sessions will be appearing on WHNT Huntsville for a live in-studio interview at 6 a.m. tomorrow.
Something to consider as we work to solve the debt limit: Yesterday, President Obama said interest rates went up during 2011’s debt limit discussions. Here is evidence to the contrary. Americans don’t want scare tactics, Mr. President, they want spending cuts.
As a member of the Senate Veterans Jobs Caucus, I thoroughly appreciate Wal-Mart's commitment to our veterans.
