NA
April is recognized as Financial Literacy Month. In our latest column we discuss how our ability to save and plan our finances is important to our future both as individuals and as a nation.
Thanks to the Rogers-Lowell Chamber of Commerce for visiting with us during the Chamber fly-in. We appreciate your efforts.
Please keep the people of Boston and all of the heroic police, FBI and law enforcement in your thoughts and prayers as they search for the suspect of this horrific act of terror. Hoosiers stand with you Boston.
Could not agree more with Senator Max Baucus (D-Montana) on his assessment of the implementation of Obamacare. It will be a “train wreck.”
I'll be on KPRC with Janine Turner tonight.  Hope you can listen.
"Texas isn't just a place you are from, it describes who your family is." I was reminded today.
Cornyn Tours West Explosion Site:
Joining JD Wells on his show at 2:15pm CT, listen in if you can.
Receiving an update from County Judge Felton in West, Texas. #prayforWest
Going on KPRC with Joe Pags at 9 am CT.  Listen in if you can.
Joining Trey Ware on KTSA at 8:30 CT this morning.  Hope you can listen in.
Solutions, not symbolism: What the victims at Sandy Hook, Aurora, Tucson, and Virginia Tech deserve.
Joined Senator John Cornyn to visit the site of the West explosion, get briefed on the latest, and speak with victims, volunteers and first responders.
Wanted to highlight this story from azcentral.com Arizona's Home Page about how business and agriculture leaders in Arizona are supporting the immigration bill.
If captured, I hope Administration will at least consider holding the Boston bombing suspect as an enemy combatant for intelligence gathering purposes.  If the Boston suspect has ties to overseas terror organizations he could be treasure trove of  information.  The last thing we may want to do is read Boston suspect Miranda Rights telling him to "remain silent."  The Obama Administration needs to be contemplating these issues and should not rush into a bad decision.
Grassley Asks Why Democrats are Complaining About Judicial Confirmations
Today start consideration of immigration w Secy Napolitano B4 Judiciary Comm for hearing only
So far w respect to the Boston bombing the excellent work of FBI is paying off w apprehension &/or death of one suspect
ICYMI: Nevada delegation urges speedier help with benefits for veterans: http://bit.ly/11GnJW7
“I believe the administration’s request for funds to study how to eliminate nuclear missile silos is misguided. The fact is we can achieve the force levels required under the New START agreement without reducing silos and hurting our nuclear deterrent capabilities. I will therefore oppose such funding as the Appropriations Committee considers the Fiscal Year 2014 budget for the Department of Defense.”
Foreign Policy today published an op-ed I co-authored with Sen. Bob Corker regarding the Obama Administration's failure to support its own nuclear modernization promises. I hope you'll take a moment to read:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/off-to-a-bad-start
It was an honor to host Undersecretary of the Army Dr. Joe Westphal, members of The Lawton Fort Sill Chamber of Commerce, and Army officials  this morning to discuss challenges our military and the local community will face with sequestration.
On this day 18 years ago, Oklahomans' lives were changed forever when we lost 168 of our own in the horrific bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. We will never forget the individuals lost that day nor the kindness and generosity that poured in from all over the nation. Today as Oklahomans reflect and honor those who died as well as the heroes who helped in the rescue and recovery efforts, we also extend our thoughts and prayers to the victims and families in Boston and those in West, Texas. We live in a great nation, one that endures and unifies in the throes of unspeakable tragedy and trials of many kinds, to offer unconditional support, assistance, and love to help each other rise from the ashes.
Thanks to all the Naval Station Great Lakes sailors who helped the Village of Gurnee in its time of need.
It was great to join Shawnee Chamber of Commerce Members at Weaver's Auto Center for the Chamber's Business After Hours. We discussed current legislation and its impact on their businesses. I appreciate hearing their feedback before returning to Washington, D.C.
Veterans in Kansas, as well as across the country, face challenges when they return to the workforce after serving in the Armed Forces. While the VA often focuses on job training and employment, our veterans are also great businessmen and women. It’s important for them to have the opportunity to explore starting a business of their own, which is why I hosted a State of Veteran Entrepreneurship Roundtable with the U.S. Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs yesterday. Most of the participants were veterans themselves and contributed to a passionate, dynamic and engaging discussion. It was an opportunity to highlight the success stories and insights of veterans who have lived the American Dream and established a business after serving their country. To learn more about veteran entrepreneurs in America, view the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation infographic linked here.
Alaskans, you have one more week to submit feedback on Frankenfish with the Food and Drug Administration.  A big 'way to go' goes to SeaMart in Sitka for announcing they will never sell GE salmon on its shelves.  Nat'l chains have made this decision, and now the boycott is spreading to Alaska.  Please make your voice heard to keep this science experiment off our plates, and leave 'Jurassic Park' live creature gene-splicing to Hollywood.
Alaskans are watching the Boston manhunt closely and our hearts go out to the family of the MIT police officer who lost his life needlessly this morning. We hope this search is resolved as quickly as possible, with no additional victims.
After a long & trying week for our country, this clip from last night of Teddy, the Cincinnati Reds honorary bat boy, brings a needed smile.
Joined President Ono for his investiture this morning. Very excited for the University of Cincinnati.
I penned an op-ed for the Washington Times explaining my opposition to the Marketplace Fairness Act. Taking more money from Americans is no way to do business.   http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/apr/19/an-ill-advised-internet-tax-mandate/#ixzz2QumZjJmF
We were proud to welcome LTC Trish Tilson for the Army Force Structure and Stationing Listening Session at Ft. Riley. We had a full house and conveyed ideas and concerns to LTC Tilson for her to take back to the Secretary of the Army and Chief of Staff.
MYTH vs. FACT: Federal Benefits For Illegal Immigrants
This afternoon, Senator Marco Rubio discussed immigration reform on the Senate floor. http://1.usa.gov/15q10Ss
Keeping a close eye on Boston this morning from Beaufort County. Praying for our law enforcement and the people of Massachusetts.
My regional manager for southwest Pennsylvania, Katelyn King, visited the Jewish Agency on Aging in Pittsburgh today to join in celebrating Yom Ha’atzmaut, Israel's 65th anniversary of independence.
My Northwestern PA staff assistant, Rebecca Conley, helps Crawford County resident and veteran Steve Carrol at a casework day in Sen. Bob Robbin's Meadville office. My staff holds events like these regularly across the state. Be sure to check your local newspaper for a casework day near you.
Matt Blackburn, my Western PA manager, and Sheila Sterrett, my regional manager for Northwestern PA, joined other elected officials, the Army Corps of Engineers and members of the Presque Isle Advisory Committee during the bi-annual Presque Isle beach walk in Lake Erie.
Frank Mazza, my Scranton Field Representative, presents Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania running back Franklyn Quiteh with a certificate of recognition for his phenomenal 2012 season.
Marta Gabriel, my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, joined local elected officials and representatives of the Lebanon County Area Agency on Aging to cut the ribbon at the grand reopening of the Maple Street Senior Center in Lebanon. Thanks to all who were able to attend.
Brian Langan, my northeast Pennsylvania director, with Col. Jack Jacobs (U.S.A. retired). Col. Jacobs is a recipient of the Medal of Honor.
My northeast director, Brian Langan, attended the Wayne County Economic Development Corporation’s dinner last week with featured guest, Col. Jack Jacobs (U.S.A., retired). During his remarks, Col. Jacobs, a Medal of Honor Recipient, highlighted efforts regarding the Medal of Honor Character Development Program. This program was established with the help of the Erie & Wattsburg PA School Districts and incorporates the ideals of courage and selfless service into middle and high school curriculum.
