“It's not enough for the president to wait until after the election to act on immigration. Under our Constitution, he should wait until Congress passes a law. The Founders of our country did not want a king and the American people do not want a president who acts like one. Every voter this November should take into account this shameful presidential trick of delaying action until after the election.” – Senator Alexander in response to the president’s decision to delay any action on immigration until after the November election  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=7e349b32-f633-47ad-aeaf-9b7c40cd651d 
This week, Sen. Alexander toured the Dale Hollow National Fish Hatchery in Celina. Senator Alexander has been an avid supporter of Tennessee's national fish hatcheries and has worked with TVA and the Fish and Wildlife Service to replace fish killed by federal locks and dams and keep the Dale Hollow and Erwin hatcheries open.  Alexander said that Tennessee’s hatcheries are important because "chances are pretty good that if you catch a trout in Tennessee it came from Dale Hollow," and Erwin produces brood stock for fish hatcheries across the country.
"Health spending as a share of the economy rose to 17.2% in 2013 from 16.2% in 2007 and will hit 19.3% in 2023, assuming that GDP grows as smartly as the auditors project. In other words, health care will soak up nearly one of every five U.S. dollars instead of one of six. Taxpayers will finance 48% of that spending a decade out, up from 41% in 2007."
Venezuela -- a member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries -- is set to import oil due to the catastrophic socialist policies of Chavez and Maduro.
Robba and I had a great time at Old Settlers Days in Olathe this morning. This family event is one of Johnson County’s best late summer traditions, celebrating its 116th year. Thanks to everyone who introduced themselves during the parade. I also appreciated the opportunity to catch up with Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland and learn about his literacy program that runs through the local library and benefits kids in Olathe.
It was great to be in Hutchinson for the Kansas State Fair's opening night. I encourage all Kansans to attend and explore the exhibit halls, livestock barns and countless educational opportunities. I have a booth in the Pride of Kansas building where members of my staff will be available to answer questions, and we hope you'll stop by to visit.
It was great to join my friends Jerry Moran, Congressman Mike Pompeo and Lynn Jenkins at the Kansas Chamber of Commerce lunch in Wichita. We had a very productive conversation about what we need to do to grow the economy and create more jobs.
Sen. Sessions made the following comment in response to the White House announcement concerning the President's planned executive amnesty for millions who illegally entered the U.S., overstayed visas or defrauded immigration authorities:  “President Obama has openly reaffirmed his unconstitutional plan to nullify our nation’s sovereign laws, issuing executive amnesty and work permits to millions of illegal immigrants.  In so doing, he will wipe away American workers’ lawful immigration protections.  Illegal workers will be instantly allowed to take precious jobs directly from struggling Americans in every occupation in America.  Countless more unlawful workers will pour across the border and overstay their visas.  These executive actions will incentivize a tsunami of illegality.   President Obama’s announcement that this would come only after the midterm elections is of course an attempt to protect the Senate Democrat incumbents who have enabled President’s Obama lawless immigration decrees every step of the way.    This White House, and this Senate Democrat Conference, view everyday Americans – who want their laws enforced and their borders controlled – with contempt.  They believe our nation’s immigration policy should be decided by a handful of the world’s most elite CEOs and most powerful open borders lobbyists, operating in secrecy and outside our open governmental process.   There must be no confusion on this point: not one Senate Democrat has supported the House bill to stop this executive action and demanded that Leader Reid bring it to a vote.  Every Senate Democrat is therefore the President’s direct partner in this lawless scheme.  The remedy now is for the American voter to send a message that will thunder through the halls of Congress.  Though President Obama and his Senate Democrats refuse to believe so, the American citizen is still in charge of this government and this country.”
