This morning, Sens. Alexander and Corker and Tennesseans visiting Washington were treated to a performance by some terrific musicians from Cleveland, Tenn. The “Voices of Lee,” Lee University’s travelling choir, put everyone in the Christmas spirit.  http://bit.ly/J3n2RS
Senator Ayotte said today the Defense Department has confirmed that the budget proposal pending in the Senate would reduce benefits of service members forced to retire due to injuries.  "It's appalling," she said.
Leaders from New Hampshire military and veterans service organizations joined Senator Ayotte in Merrimack today to call for replacing a provision in the budget proposal that cuts benefits for military retirees.  Read more here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1203
While I applaud Chairman Ryan's efforts to prevent another government shutdown, I have decided upon further review to oppose allowing this bill to move forward. After reviewing in detail the significant changes made to the Senate budget rules that would allow Senate Democrats to circumvent the 60-vote threshold in order to pass a tax increase or increase spending, I have determined I cannot support cloture on the agreement.
We still have Spring semester internships available in our state offices. Learn more by following the link below. Additionally, if you have already filled out the online application, please be sure to follow-up with staff at my Lowell office [479-725-0400] to complete the process.
I'll be joining Alice Stewart in just a few minutes. You can listen to our discussion about the budget proposal live.
This morning I voted against advancing the budget agreement drafted by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wisc.) and Senate Budget Committee Chairman Patty Murray (D-Wash.).   I returned to the Senate to tackle the greatest challenges facing our country, and I have devoted much of my first three years back working with both sides, including the president, to try to achieve a debt-reduction agreement that would put our nation on a path toward fiscal responsibility. While I appreciate the work of Paul Ryan and House Republicans, and I recognize the short-term stability this budget deal offers, I could not overcome the fact that this plan once again allows Congress and the administration to avoid the tough choices we must make to stabilize our long-term fiscal future.   I will remain committed to working with my colleagues to address this challenge.
The administration continues to tout Obamacare, despite the many rollout problems, claiming that the law will lower costs and provide access to quality care for all Americans.  As I predicated during the debate of the president’s troubled health care law, this has not been the case.  Instead,  millions have faced canceled coverage and the ability to choose a plan that fits their specific needs and the needs of their families.  What is the administration not saying about Obamacare?  They are not discussing the many problems Americans have yet to face under Obamamcare--limited choice when choosing a physician, longer waits to see their doctor and vast increases in premium and deductible rates.
I will oppose the budget agreement that the U.S. will hold a procedural vote on this morning. Unfortunately, the deal fits into the same old pattern of the federal government spending today and promising to cut tomorrow. This is the wrong direction for fiscal policy and I cannot support this agreement.
Weekly Op-Ed: Our water is one of our greatest resources.  Access to clean, abundant water is fundamental to our economic well-being and critical to communities, economic development, agriculture, commerce, transportation, recreation and energy.  I recently joined 29 of my Senate colleagues in once again opposing efforts to expand the federal government’s jurisdiction over our waters.  From my time practicing water law, I understand all too well the impact of an overly-aggressive interpretation of the Clean Water Act that goes well beyond congressional intent.  The administration’s efforts to control more of our water represent a blatant expansion of government regulatory power over Idaho’s water sovereignty and private property rights.  I will continue to push back against this intrusion that could negatively impact farms, ranches, small businesses and property owners and hinder economic development.
Cornyn Introduces Bill To Improve Texas Ports of Entry:
"Take nothing on its looks; take everything on evidence. There's no better rule." -- Charles Dickens (1812-1870) English writer and social critic
Today, Senator Corker announced he will vote against the budget deal before the Senate because it busts budget caps without making meaningful changes to mandatory programs.  He stated, “Because of the Budget Control Act, for three years in a row, Congress has spent less on discretionary programs than the year before.  While I appreciate the dilemma Paul Ryan was in, it's disappointing the misguided strategy of the House this fall weakened our hand on fiscal issues and that House appropriators indicated they were unwilling to live within the budget discipline laid out in the sequester.   So with the afterglow of the ‘bipartisan’ deal fading, I think everyone can see this budget deal busts the budget caps by $45,000,000,000 in the first year alone without making meaningful changes to mandatory programs, violating the only real progress we have made in getting our fiscal house in order and demonstrating that Congress continues to lack the discipline to control spending even in this small way.  Spending now and paying later is the cause of our deficit problems, not the solution.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1kSshjv
Another important step towards the bright energy future for North America.
Today the Senate voted to end debate on a bad budget bill that spends more, taxes more, and funds Obamacare, with no Republican amendments and no input from Senate Republicans.   This is more of the same DC dealmaking that doesn't fix our problems or help the people.
The Ryan-Murray budget deal will spend more, grow government more, with the "promise" of spending cuts that will never materialize. I won’t vote for it.
This morning I voted against a procedural motion for the Ryan-Murray budget deal. This plan increases spending and shows that Congress is OK with putting off the hard decisions. We cannot spend our way to prosperity. I plan to speak on the Senate floor at 9AM Wyoming time on how there is a better way forward. Click the link below to watch live.
Today I voted against advancing the Ryan-Murray budget agreement and will oppose the Senate’s final vote on the plan later today. I’m deeply troubled by proposed cuts in retired pay and survivor benefits for our military men and women, as well as cuts to payments that current retirees were promised. I was also disappointed this agreement delays nearly half of actual spending cuts until 2022 and 2023. I was elected to cut wasteful spending now, not to kick the can down the road and push the responsibility on to our children and grandchildren.
Spoke earlier today about  impact of the budget bill on military retirement packages.     According to analysis by the Senate Budget Committee, under the proposal, a Sergeant First Class (E-7) who retires at age 40 - who has served our country for two decades and most likely deployed multiple times to war - could lose approximately $72,000.
ICYMI: Veterans in 9 cities have to wait more than a year for claims to be addressed via Washington Post: http://wapo.st/1fhXQSQ
I’d like to congratulate Macy’s retail store for choosing Owasso, Okla. as their new location for opening an online fulfillment center. This establishment will create about 1,500 new permanent jobs and an additional 1,000 seasonal jobs in the area. There are many viable reasons to open business in Oklahoma, but in my discussions with Macy's, they noted the importance of the Indian Lands Acceleration Depreciation tax provision. This federal tax credit allows businesses that purchase capital equipment to depreciate it 40% faster than would otherwise be allowed. Today I introduced a bill to make permanent this tax provision that encourages businesses to invest in Oklahoma's economy and job market. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-congratulates-macys-introduces-bill-to-make-permanent-indian-lands-tax-provision
My interview with Chris Casteel of the The Oklahoman on how the National Defense Bill will prohibit more costly base closures: http://newsok.com/article/3915204
My prayers are with Bob Murray of WTAX as he fights brain cancer. I hope he's back on the air in Central Illinois soon.
I voted against the budget plan because it raises spending now in exchange for the hope of future cuts.
Due to a scheduling conflict I had to reschedule last week's tele-townhall.  I am planning on hosting my monthly tele-townhall on Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. MT. I look forward to having a discussion about your questions and concerns, observations and insights.  Here is a list of major developments from the last year that I hope we can touch on during our discussion:
One sentence in this article inadvertently sums up the tens of thousands of pages of legislative and regulatory text of #Obamacare:   "Although the steps are meant to reduce problems, insurance companies say they might actually make things worse by confusing consumers and complicating the industry’s process."
I encourage you to watch the video below, which highlights my 1000th Town Hall Meeting in Marion, Kansas.  The reality is I enjoy hosting town hall meetings—I think this is the way Democracy should work. Much of what I know and the issues I focus on in our nation’s capital are based on conversations I have with Kansans. I very much appreciate the judgment and common sense I garner from town hall meetings. Thanks to all who joined me in Marion.
I appreciate the efforts of Rep. Paul Ryan and Sen. Patty Murray to work together in an attempt to get our spending under control. Unfortunately, the final agreement falls far short of making the meaningful spending reforms we need to address our out-of-control debt and deficit.  The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 replaces sequester spending cuts with a spending increase of $63 billion over two years, split between defense and non-defense programs. This increased spending is paid for through increased aviation fees, changes in retirement pay for the Armed Forces, and the promise of future mandatory spending reductions – much of which will take place a decade from now.  What remains missing from this agreement is a genuine effort to address the real cause of our debt problems: mandatory spending. As long as the solvency and unfunded liabilities of Social Security and Medicare remain ignored in favor of minor tweaks to discretionary spending, our budget crisis will never go away.  While I didn't vote for sequestration, the reality is it forced Washington to acknowledge the hard truth of our spending and set budget caps. It is disappointing to see Congress change the law to increase spending now while delaying further spending cuts until many years in the future. With the national debt soaring above $17 trillion, we should not allow ourselves to – yet again – postpone responsible fiscal policy.
I encourage you to listen to the story I shared on the U.S. Senate Floor of a retired Kansas teacher facing real-world, negative impacts of Obamacare.  This has been a very difficult time for many, many Americans and it’s difficult for me as somebody who wants to be able to help Kansans with their problems. Surely we can develop a policy, a program to care for Americans without doing damage to people who already have insurance.
62% of Alaska is managed by the federal government, so it‘s vital that we have input in how that land is used.  This morning I questioned a number of Department of Energy and Interior nominees about Alaskans priorities, including contaminated land:
I support the bipartisan budget agreement because it takes modest steps to reduce the deficit without raising taxes, relieves the sequester’s impact on our national security, and prevents another government shutdown.  This budget agreement is far from perfect. It does not take the needed steps to reform our nation’s ballooning mandatory spending on autopilot and does not address the need for pro-growth tax reform to create jobs. We cannot continue to kick the can down the road, and I am disappointed that Washington once again missed the opportunity to fix the debt problem and get the economy moving.
I teamed up with Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) and Reps. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) and Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) to write an Op-Ed in The Hill to highlight the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act (DATA), legislation that would expand transparency and accountability for federal spending by requiring standardized reporting of federal spending to be posted to a single website.
A study released today shows that 69% of Americans claim their premiums are going up due to #ObamaCare.
 
 Source:  http://finance.yahoo.com/news/ap-gfk-poll-health-law-131659580.html
NA
NA
Earlier, Sen. Sessions announced his opposition to the budget spending package that emerged from the House, citing a number of concerns - including a provision making it easier to raise taxes in the future. Today, Sessions filed an amendment that would reverse the military pension cuts contained in the deal by instead closing the welfare loophole for illegal immigrants.
Tune into the Senate floor now to watch Sen. Sessions document and detail the administration's internal memos and directives undermining federal immigration laws passed by Congress.
I’m encouraged by the willingness we’ve seen from both sides to sit down and negotiate a budget agreement for the first time in years, but the details of this plan make me unable to support it.  This proposal asks too much from the men and women of our military, and I’m also skeptical about the way this plan structures new spending and savings.  Read my whole statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-negotiations-encouraging-unable-support-budget-proposal
In case you missed it, I talked budget and skyrocketing healthcare costs On the Record yesterday evening with Greta Van Susteren on Fox News.    You can watch here:  http://youtu.be/u0WsVNoBnF4
Welcome home to the South Carolina National Guard's 122nd Engineer Battalion! Words cannot thank you enough for your service and sacrifice. You and your families will remain in our prayers.  http://www.thestate.com/2013/12/16/3162475/sc-national-guard-soldiers-returning.html#storylink=cpy
I am proud to stand with Congressman Lou Barletta and now the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in working to ensure volunteer first responders are not subject to onerous Obamacare mandates. http://bit.ly/18UyF7T
NA
Christmas City, USA:
Happy birthday to Pope Francis.
We are appalled to learn that this legislation (Ryan-Murray budget) would even reduce the retirements of those who have been injured in the line of duty and have been medically retired as a result.  That is unconscionable, and we call on members of both parties to work with us now to replace these misguided cuts.
NA
I voted against cloture on the Ryan-Murray budget agreement which cuts retirement benefits for military retirees by more than $6 billion.  This graph shows how a Sergeant 1st Class with 20 years of service would lose almost $72,000 by the time he or she reaches the age of 62 under this budget.
