Today, Sen. Alexander hosted a roundtable at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville where he met with Vanderbilt Ebola researchers and Tennessee health experts who are developing treatments to combat Ebola and other deadly viruses. Alexander said Tennessee and the nation must be prepared to respond to the Ebola epidemic “with the urgency required of a threat as deadly and dangerous as ISIS.”  “Unless it is controlled, this will be one of the most explosive, dangerous, deadly epidemics in modern times and Tennesseans are helping in the nation’s response as well as preparing for any threat here at home,” Alexander said. “There is no known cure. Half of those who get sick from Ebola die. Each sick person could put up to 20 other people at risk, including caregivers, friends, or family. Vanderbilt researchers and state officials know we need to run toward the burning flames with fireproof suits on.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=905b5a4e-e6ed-4dd4-acb8-972902b0410d
Thank you to the Manchester Fire Department for inviting Senator Ayotte to ride along last night to see firsthand the incredible work they to do save lives. Watch video from last night's ride along here: http://www.wmur.com/news/sen-ayotte-rides-with-manchester-firefighters/28217812   
Last week, we held a hearing on the Ebola crisis in West Africa. You can read my thoughts on how the U.S. can help and watch video from the hearing in my latest blog post.
Couldn't be happier for my hometown today. Congratulations Fort Smith!
As a result of the vision of the people of Fort Smith we are standing here today to celebrate this groundbreaking. #USMarshalsMuseum
It's an exciting day in Fort Smith. I'm here celebrating the groundbreaking of the U.S. Marshals Museum. You can watch the ceremony here.
On Thursday,a member of my staff will visit Johnson, Gibson and St. Joseph counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:   Johnson Co. 10:00am-12:00pm ET Franklin City Hall, 70 E. Monroe St., Franklin, IN  Gibson Co. 12:00pm-1:00pm CT Princeton Public Library, 124 Hart St., Princeton, IN  St. Joseph Co. 2:30pm-4:30pm ET Mishawaka Penn Harris Public Library, 209 Lincoln Way East, Mishawaka, IN
NA
NA
"I believe in the power of compromise, informed by the latest scientific data, to make a difference. By sitting down and working together to find common ground, we have proven that it is possible to break through the partisan gridlock to find reasonable solutions to some of our most pressing problems."
Will be on the Hugh Hewitt Show at 5:40pm CT to discuss the airstrikes in Syria. You can tune in here: http://www.hughhewitt.com/player.html
As Rosh Hashanah begins at sundown, best wishes to my Jewish friends in Texas and across the country for a safe & prosperous New Year.
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Travis County Sheriff’s Senior Deputy Jessica Hollis.  May her family take comfort in the prayers and support of the Central Texas community.
I was disappointed by a federal judge’s recent ruling that will reinstate protections for the gray wolf in Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act. I trust Wyoming wildlife managers for how to best manage our state’s wildlife
A few thoughts on President Obama's address to the United Nations today.  First, I believe it was a missed opportunity by the President to detail a clear, decisive strategy to defeat radical Islam and deter aggressors like Putin.  President Obama rightly said radical Islamists only understand the “language of force.”   However, when President Obama then pledges not to use ground forces against ISIL he emboldens the enemy.  They hear what we WILL NOT DO to defeat them.  Second, President Obama condemning Russia without arming Ukraine is just empty rhetoric.  Putin doesn’t fear or respect President Obama’s words.  He would respect a well-trained Ukrainian army fighting for their freedom.
Tonite. IowaSt v UNI  volleyball IowaSt players Bigbee and Kuhrt played Sixpack club ball my son jay has coached for 21 yrs
Just had nice chat w the king of conservative talk show hosts Jan Mickelson at WHO studio for 30 min
WStJournal reports GenHolder compliments whistleblower reporting SEC fraud got 30m$ I hope he will encourage IRS to speed up such awards
I look forward to hearing the president and other leaders speak on the important issues facing our countries today - rj.
Paralyzed Guilford High School coach Javier Saavedra inspires players to #NeverGiveUp. He is an #EverydayHero.
This article contains some good analysis of the tax reform plan that Senator Marco Rubio and I have proposed.  Why do you think our tax code needs to be reformed?
This is one of the first entries for my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.  This was shared by Maj Terry "Rowdy" Richards, who proudly served in the USAF.  He is the pilot flying the F-16 in the rear in this picture.  You can learn more about submitting your own photo by visiting lee.senate.gov @usaf_pics
NA
“We greatly appreciate Senator McConnell being the first Republican Senate cosponsor of this important bill to update the VFW charter to more accurately honor the role of women veterans and servicemembers. Senator McConnell’s commitment to Kentucky’s veterans is unrivaled and we have no better friend in Washington,” said Brian J. Duffy of Louisville, VFW National Junior Vice Commander-in-Chief.
From the Clay County News:  “This legislation is about honoring the sacrifices of those on the front-line in protecting Kentucky communities, state and local law enforcement officers, and ensuring the surviving families of those killed in action are treated the same as federal officers,” Senator McConnell said. “I have heard from friends in Kentucky law enforcement who support this common sense measure and I proudly stand with them.”
I kicked off my day in Salina at Sacred Heart Jr. Sr. High School. There, I spoke to Mr. Hamilton's American Government class about the role of Congress, threats in the Middle East, education funding and what a typical day is like for a U.S. Senator. Thanks to the seniors for their thoughtful questions. In the bottom left photo, I'm pictured with Sacred Heart Senior Gib Schuessler. In the bottom right photo, I'm pictured with Mr. Hamilton.
Wishing a sweet new year to Jewish families in Kansas and around the world observing Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish new year holiday which begins tonight.
Russia should not be able to pass off their inferior pollock as “Alaskan” and call our quality into question, so the Alaska and Washington Delegations are urging the FDA to change the name to avoid the confusion. Russian sold Americans 113 million pounds of ‘Alaska pollock’ in 2012, and we need to defend our fisherman and our fisheries. 
In case you missed yesterday's "Daybreak," I shared my thoughts about the ISIS strikes, the Tongass and my continuing fight for a simple one-lane, gravel, emergency use only, life-saving road for the people of King Cove.
To preview my Energy Jobs Fair on Friday, I wrote an op-ed on ways we can connect Ohioans with good jobs. Check out the op-ed and hope to see many of you at Belmont College on Friday. 
Senator Rubio wishes the Jewish community a blessed Rosh Hashanah, and new year filled with lasting peace and prosperity: http://1.usa.gov/1pdfKtG  Rosh Hashanah, the celebration of the Jewish New Year, is a time of reflection and new beginnings for the Jewish community. We wish the Jewish people in the U.S., Israel and throughout the world a day of many blessings and peace as they celebrate this High Holiday.   Let us also recognize the profound influence that Judeo-Christian values have had on shaping this great nation and how they are among the many reasons we are so closely linked to Israel. Although this past year has brought tragedy and many great challenges to Israel, it also reminded us of why the Jewish state remains a friend of the U.S. like no other - one we must continue to defend and protect.  In this time of prayer and reflection, we wish all members of the Jewish community a happy and healthy new year. May this celebration bring with it lasting peace and prosperity.   Shanah Tovah U’metukah.
Leading Conservatives Welcome Lee-Rubio Tax Plan: http://1.usa.gov/1ChZm34  Senators’ plan has “great promise,” and seen as “excellent start”
Applications for United States Service Academy nominations are available now on my website. Learn more here: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/academy-nominations
In a ceremony he hosted on Capitol Hill, Sen. Sessions recognized the remarkable heroics of Medal of Honor recipient, 5th Special Forces Group member and Vietnam veteran, Opelika-native Command Sgt. Maj. Bennie G. Adkins.
L'Shana Tova to all our Jewish friends and neighbors who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah this evening.
Had to share this, thanks to Emma from Greer for the birthday card!
To those celebrating Rosh Hoshana, may you be inscribed and sealed for a good year. Shanah Tovah.
#RaiseIt !  For the second year in a row, the Pittsburgh Pirates have clinched a playoff spot on September 23rd.  Congrats to Clint Hurdle and his team.  Looking forward to October.  #BUCN
Had a great time at the grand opening of ROXUL today in Byhalia.  This new $160 million facility will employ approximately 150 hard-working Mississippians.  #MSworks
