Senator Alexander recently gave the Weekly Republican Address, in which he said Republicans want to enable Americans to create a better life while Democrats are the mandators, telling you what to do. Watch Senator Alexander’s address and keep up with him on other issues by signing up for his newsletter here: http://go.usa.gov/kA8k  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=fd75f652-13b9-4c0a-bca7-854afdcaee3c&ContentType_id=b36dc5f5-7b5b-4770-8f03-e644255bc28f&Group_id=488006a6-6cec-4a0d-a710-b4a211d50090
Senator Ayotte was glad to meet today with members of the New Hampshire Air and Army National Guard and thank them for their dedicated service to our country.
Enjoyed sitting down with Rockwood Summit High School’s Jamie Manker, Missouri’s Teacher of the Year. Congratulations and thank you for all that you do!   Find out more here: http://1.usa.gov/SacjdN
It’s time for the president and Senate majority leaders to stop playing politics and support the #KeystoneXL Pipeline. This shovel-ready project will not only create thousands of private sector jobs – it will help reduce America’s dependence on foreign oil. Watch my floor speech and leave your comments below if you think we need an all-of-the-above approach to more American energy.
I’m proud to introduce a bipartisan resolution with Senator McCaskill that would designate May 1st, 2014 as national “Silver Star Service Banner Day,” honoring our nation’s men and women in uniform who have been injured or have become ill in service. 
Today, I introduced the No Bonuses for Tax Cheats Act with Senator Manchin. This is a bipartisan, commonsense piece of legislation that would bar the IRS from paying out bonuses to employees who are tax delinquent or were found to have substantial evidence of misconduct. #NoTaxesNoBonuses
Today I joined with a group of 20 senators, including Senators Bob Corker, John McCain, Marco Rubio, and Lindsey Graham, to introduce the Russian Aggression Prevention Act, new legislation that would provide a strategic U.S. response to recent Russian aggression in Europe. Our bill contains specific provisions I sought, including sanctions on Russia’s Rosoboronexport, the sole state agency for export of Russian weapons systems and defense-related goods, and non-recognition of Russian sovereignty over Crimea.  The lack of a forceful, effective response by the administration and Western leaders has given Putin little reason to expect that further aggression will be punished. We are introducing tough diplomatic, economic and financial sanctions, and I am hopeful that President Obama will support our effort. If he is willing to lead by taking action that demonstrates American disapproval of Russia’s aggression, I am confident that a bipartisan majority in Congress will stand with him.
Today I voted against moving forward on legislation to increase the federal minimum wage.  In February, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office informed Congress that an increase in the minimum wage would result in the loss of up to one million American jobs. The Employment Policy Institute also recently estimated that in Indiana there could be up to 27,800 fewer jobs created if the Senate proposal is enacted.   Helping Hoosiers and Americans struggling to make ends meet is not a political issue but a goal shared by every senator. Both Republicans and Democrats are concerned about our fellow citizens who live in poverty, those who are unemployed and the lack of opportunities in many of America’s rural communities and inner cities. If our purpose is to increase the wages of all Americans, I believe there are better ways to accomplish this goal.  While some claim this legislation will merely add a few cents to the price of a burger, its actual cost will be far greater. Raising the minimum wage creates winners and losers – it will raise the wages of some but result in job losses for many low-income workers. The true problem plaguing impoverished Americans is not low wage rates but a lack of good job opportunities. Raising the minimum wage will fail to alleviate poverty because it will fail to address unemployed or underemployed American workers.
NA
NA
5.2 million Americans suffer from Alzheimer’s disease today—that’s double the number it was in 1980.  At a Senate hearing, Senator Collins spoke to NIH Director Collins about the importance of increasing our nation’s investment in Alzheimer’s treatment and research.  
Sen. Cornyn, Colleagues Announce Bold Strategic Response To Russian Aggression: 
Senator Bob Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, today introduced legislation with 20 Senate Republicans providing a strategic U.S. response to deter Russian aggression in Europe, which threatens regional security and prosperity that is critical for maintaining economic growth in the United States.  “Rather than react to events as they unfold, which has been the policy of this administration, we need to inflict more direct consequences on Russia prior to Vladimir Putin taking additional steps that will be very difficult to undo,” said Corker. “Our legislation takes a three-prong approach to prevent the situation from becoming far worse. This bill will strengthen NATO, impose tough sanctions to deter Russia and support non-NATO allies of Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia.” Read more about the legislation here: http://1.usa.gov/Sb0QKZ   
The Obama economy: 0.1% GDP growth. We need policies that promote growth, investment and jobs. We need the American Energy Renaissance Act.
We need a joint select committee to find out the truth about #Benghazi -- NOW.
A far better campaign finance system would be to allow individuals unlimited contributions to candidates and require immediate disclosure.
The choice is simple: the Minimum Wage Act kills jobs and hurts the most vulnerable among us while the American Energy Renaissance Act creates jobs and opportunity.  Let's create jobs and opportunity!
81 years young and still kicking! This week a Texas icon celebrates a birthday and his fifth-degree black belt.  Congrats, Willie!
We should stop making it harder for working Americans to climb the economic ladder and instead come together for jobs and economic growth by passing the American Energy Renaissance Act!
Raising the minimum wage doesn’t do anything to help those without a job or the skills needed to succeed in a 21st century economy. There are a number of bills this Senate can consider today that would promote job creation over an arbitrary increase in the federal minimum wage. Higher prices and fewer jobs is not what Wyoming and the rest of the country needs in these fragile economic times.
Joining the Rob and Karie Show on News/Talk 92.3 KTAR at 2:40 pm to discuss the latest on the investigation into the Phoenix VA Health Care System. Stream the interview live at the link below.
Spoke with Fox News Special Report's Bret Baier tonight about the newly released #Benghazi documents and the White House’s explanation of them, including the email from White House adviser Ben Rhodes. 
NA
Congrats 2EmilyBrodie and UNI Dance Marathon for $176000 raise this year 4  UofI Children's Hospital Every Yr the $$get larger KeepUpGoodWk
Enjoyed meeting today with some bright North Dakota high schoolers visiting Washington, D.C. to learn about our government.
Secretary of State John Kerry's egregious comments that Israel is at risk of becoming an "apartheid state" is wrong on the facts because Arabs in Israel have the same rights as other Israeli citizens; they vote, hold 10 percent of the seats in the Israeli Knesset and serve in the military. For Kerry to associate Israel with  apartheid is pretty outrageous, but no surprise. I was of three to vote against Sec. Kerry when he was nominated because he is consistently on the wrong side of foreign policy, which I talked about with FOX & Friends this morning: bit.ly/1lzykNz
Today marks the 225th Anniversary of George Washington's first inaugural address. In honor of this historic speech, here are a few words from our Founding Father's speech: “No People can be bound to acknowledge and adore the invisible hand, which conducts the Affairs of men more than the People of the United States. Every step, by which they have advanced to the character of an independent nation, seems to have been distinguished by some token of providential agency.”
So why do Democrats want to make up to a million unlucky working people suffer a 100% pay cut? http://t.co/u3peEhyGX6
Raising the minimum wage works out terribly for as many as a million unlucky people whose pay will fall to zero. http://t.co/L9hpgtsehA
Flying blind in Obamacare: Health care costs will rise but even insurers can't say how much.  http://t.co/NxNp9cSFdK
Sen. Johnson on now with @Jerrybadershow on @NewsTalkWTAQ -- be sure to tune in! http://t.co/PXcObdy5Vi
Met with former Polish Prime Minister Wlodzimierz Cimoszewicz about strengthening cooperation between the U.S. and our close ally #Poland.
U.S. students rank 36th in math. Today I urged #Education Secretary Arne Duncan to support my year-round schools bill so our students can better compete globally. Read about the bill: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=980
"And so, just as a new Conservative Reform Agenda should seek to once again allow the poor and middle class to compete on a level playing field, it must once again force the wealthy and well-connected to do so as well. The level playing field works only when it works for everyone.  And I mean everyone, including the rich. Make no mistake: conservative, anti-cronyist reform should never be confused with – or descend into - the cheap, ugly populism of class warfare. We want successful Americans to succeed. All we ask is that they earn their success on a level playing field, subject to the judgment of the market – as truly successful Americans always have.  Just as the real victim of the baseball steroids scandal was the marginal player who never got a fair chance because he didn’t cheat, the true victims of crony capitalism… are the true capitalists: honest entrepreneurs, employees, consumers, and investors who are today unfairly forced to play uphill in a rigged game.    So it seems to me, given the scope and consequences of America’s Opportunity Deficit – and of the benefits of reform - the only option for conservatives today is a clear and simple zero-tolerance policy toward cronyist privilege of any kind."  This is a passage from my speech on cronyism that I delivered at The Heritage Foundation today.  You can read the full text below.  My purpose in delivering this speech today was to start the conversation about how we can unite to end policy privilege in Washington.  I hope you will help me share this and engage others in joining this conversation.  If you have specific ideas on how we can fight cronyism, you can share them here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/anti-cronyism-and-free-market-agenda
My anti-cronyism speech is starting now.  You can watch it here:
I am practicing my anti-cronyism speech.  I will be delivering this speech at the Heritage Foundation in about 30 minutes.  This speech will start an important conversation about how conservatives can unite to oppose policy privilege and cronyism in Washington.
The Senate Appropriations Committee received word that the Department of Health and Human Services will not confirm a date for a hearing to justify its budget request before the Senate Appropriations Committee. The Department of Health and Human Services requested nearly $70 billion in taxpayer money for Fiscal Year 2015, and I would expect the head of any U.S. Department to justify their budget request before the proper appropriations subcommittee. This Administration vowed to be transparent and work with Congress to establish regular order for appropriations bills, and defending their budget request in a hearing is part of that pledge.  It is my hope that the Department will reconsider this decision and allow for a transparent process.
Last week, I enjoyed a tour followed by a Q&A with employees from Ferrellgas in Overland Park. During the Q&A, I heard employees’ concerns with the new health care law, overregulation and overreach by the federal government, energy policy, entrepreneurship and the American Dream. Thanks to Ferrellgas Chairman Jim Ferrell and Ferrell Capital President Pam Breuckmann for the visit and tour.
Happy Birthday to my favorite older son Nic! 23 years of great living.  Verne and I are forever thankful to have such a fine young man in our lives.  Enjoy your golf game, wish I could be there to learn some tips.  Love, Mom
I am surprised and shocked at the National Guard's lack of a response to the allegations of sexual assault within the Alaska National Guard, so today I asked the Chief of the National Guard what exactly they knew and when.
You all know that the Arctic is always on my mind, so when a constituent sent me this article I thought it would be great to share. Its clear that other nations, including Great Britain are investing in the Arctic and it's time we as do the same. 
The United States and its allies must stand with the Ukrainian people during this time of Russian aggression, and I've co-authored a bill that will allow us to engage in a strong, comprehensive approach to the deteriorating situation in eastern Ukraine. 
Reporting from today's hearing:   Harry Reid, Roberts says “has a fixation with the Koch family that can only be described as bizarre, takes to the floor on an almost daily basis to attack them. Why? Because he fears they pose a threat to his hold on power.” “The First Amendment doesn’t allow us to silence those who oppose us. That applies to corporations, labor unions, Mr. Soros and the Koch family. It applies to everyone,” Roberts said.  Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/04/kochs-are-center-stage-in-absentia-at-senate-hearing-106199.html#ixzz30PFb9llV
Great visit with our Kansas radiologists representing the American College of Radiology and the Kansas Radiology Society today. Always appreciate their counsel.
I was glad to welcome the Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce to a very rainy Washington today. After everyone dried off, we discussed over-regulation and the bright future for the Kansas City economy as construction of the NBAF continues.
This morning I spoke out against the inherent dangers in limiting First Amendment rights.  The First Amendment doesn't allow us to silence opposition, and today we are living with the consequences of the failed attempt to restrict free speech. We should get rid of limits on political speech. Here was my opening statement.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXE0OwgQu5U&feature=youtu.be
Tune in to see me stand up for the First Amendment at a Senate Rules Committee hearing today at 9:00 am Central. http://www.c-span.org/video/?319096-1/campaign-finance-laws-disclosure
Today I took to the Senate floor joined by eleven of my Senate colleagues to express our deep disappointment in this Administration’s repeated delay of final approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. This is a no brainer. Approve this pipeline.   http://youtu.be/vzNPFqpPGZE
Rubio, Senate Republicans Introduce Strategic U.S. Response To Deter Russian Aggression In Europe: http://1.usa.gov/1u5z293  “We live in a global economy. As Americans, our ability to sell goods and services to other nations is critical to our economic future and to the creation of jobs. We cannot allow the world to become a place where countries become off limits to us, as markets, because they are afraid of a more powerful neighbor taking actions against them,” said Rubio. “And that’s precisely what’s happened here. And it’s setting a precedent, especially for countries like Russia and potentially China, that if you don’t want a neighboring country to do more commerce and trade and economic engagement with the West, you simply invade them or intimidate them.    “What this bill endeavors to do, these sanctions will do, is it will change that calculus. It will change that calculus so that he and the people around him realize that the costs of having taken this action now far outweigh any perceived benefits,” added Rubio. “We think that’s what our foreign policy should be grounded on, and I hope and urge Senator Reid and the Democrats who still run this place to give us a chance to have a vote on this. I think we could pass it if we did.” 
Rubio Extends Thoughts And Prayers To Floridians Affected By Severe Flooding: http://1.usa.gov/1fyRN0I  “Just briefly, a moment of personal privilege. I just want to extend our thoughts and prayers for those in Northwest Florida, particularly in Pensacola, overnight had a massive amount of flooding, some loss of life,” said Rubio. “We’ve been in contact with the Governor’s office, also reached out with Senator Nelson. We’re watching very closely what’s happening there. Our thoughts and our prayers are with them.”
AL Delegation Disaster Support Letter to President Obama:  April 30, 2014  President Barack Obama The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue N.W. Washington, DC 20500  Dear Mr. President:   On behalf of the State of Alabama, we are writing to support Governor Robert Bentley’s request for an emergency declaration pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief Act as a result of the severe storms, straight-line winds, tornadoes and flash flooding that affected Alabama on April 28, and 29, 2014.   Governor Bentley has declared a state of emergency under Alabama law, and state and local officials are coordinating with the response and cleanup.  Governor Bentley has requested debris removal and emergency protective measures (Categories A and B), including direct federal assistance under the Public Assistance program statewide.  The Governor has further requested a 100 percent federal cost share for the first 72 hours.    These storms have caused widespread power losses that have negatively impacted residents, businesses, schools, and state and local government operations.  Damage assessments are far from complete, but initial reports suggest significant injury to communities across the State.  We therefore urge you to approve Governor Bentley’s request expeditiously.    The Alabama Emergency Management Agency has been working closely and effectively with the Federal Emergency Management Agency since the beginning of this incident, and we are grateful for their combined efforts in responding to the affected communities’ needs.  We thank you for your prompt attention to this request.  Our offices stand ready to provide you with any additional information that you require.
NA
I will not support government policy that puts hundreds of thousands of people out of work. #minimumwage
Working with Senator Tom Carper & U.S. Senator Susan Collins to improve fire safety by making it easier to install sprinkler systems.
Terrific work being done by members of the Mississippi National Guard to help fellow Mississippians recover from the storms.
Senator Ben Cardin and I are leading a group of senators in calling on Secretary of State John Kerry to urge him to take action to secure the release of observers being held by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine. We are also seeking action to stem the tide of “other flagrant violations of human rights by pro-Russian militants” in the region.
Visiting with people in Highlands Park in Pearl, MS. Monday's storm destroyed 37 homes and damaged more than 100 in this neighborhood.
Video of the Mississippi congressional delegation’s media availability with Governor Phil Bryant and other officials at MEMA headquarters in Jackson.
Mississippi’s congressional delegation today sent a letter to President Obama requesting full consideration of Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant’s request for an expedited federal disaster declaration in the wake of devastating weather events across the state.
