Sen. Alexander to HHS Sec. Nominee Burwell: Republicans are ready to repair the damage Obamacare has done: http://youtu.be/alZz2lOoRCA  This afternoon, in a speech on the Senate floor before the vote on HHS Secretary nominee, Sylvia Mathews Burwell, Sen. Alexander laid out Republicans’ step-by-step health care proposals that would “provide more freedom, more choices, and lower costs.”  Alexander said of the health care system: “We’d like to turn it around and head it off in a different direction. Not back, but a different direction. We want to repair the damage that Obamacare has done. We want to prevent future damage as responsibly and rapidly as we can. We’d like to move in a different direction to put in place health care proposals that would increase freedom, increase choices, and lower costs. We trust Americans to make those decisions, to make them ourselves. We believe that is the American way.”
Today, Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome students from Monroe Consolidated School and Indian River School in Canaan to Washington.
The wait times being reported by the #VA are unacceptable and intolerable. Our veterans deserve better than this inadequate treatment. Last week, I personally visited these VA hospitals in Columbia and St. Louis and I will keep fighting to restore accountability at the VA to give our heroes the care they need and deserve.
These so-called ‘unauthorized wait lists’ for America’s heroes are simply unacceptable and will not be tolerated. I’m going to do everything I can to ensure this stops immediately. Our veterans should not be forced to wait for care. #VAaccountability
Today we remember the great character and strength of former President Ronald #Reagan, who passed away 10 years ago on June 5th, 2004. #tbt
The Springfield News-Leader reported on my work to prevent the gross overreach by the President’s #EPA rule, which comes at a very high cost to families in Missouri and across the nation who cannot afford to pay more at the pump or pay more to cool and heat their homes, and have very little benefit to our global environment. 
I am pleased that a bipartisan agreement has been reached on legislation to address the crisis at VA.  Veterans should not have the care they deserve and need waylaid by partisan bickering. The issues at the VA are systemic and deeply rooted in the agency's culture, so it will take both parties working together, along with VSOs, VA officials, and veterans themselves to get VA back to its core mission – serving veterans.  I would like to thank Senator McCain and Senator Coburn for their hard work and contributions.
NA
NA
NA
NA
If you are a veteran—or know a veteran—who is having trouble with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or another federal agency, I encourage you to contact any of my six regional offices throughout Idaho or my Washington, D.C., office for assistance.  Visit my website for more information on how my office can assist you in dealing with a federal agency: http://1.usa.gov/1ovYkJk
NA
Sen. Cornyn Backs Bill To Boost Options For TX Veterans’ Health Care:
Had a great time taking part in the NFIB Small Business Challenge:
I intend to file legislation to halt any releases from Guantanamo until we get to the bottom of what happened with Bergdahl and provide some real Congressional oversight here because it is really needed.
Today, on the 10th anniversary of President Reagan’s passing we should take a moment to reflect on the confidence and optimism he brought when confronting the world’s most difficult challenges. During our nation’s darkest moments, when Communism was on the march, the economy was flailing, and liberal policies mired America in malaise, Reagan reminded us that if we would let the light of freedom shine it would be "Morning in America" once again.  President Reagan spoke to the world with clarity and power. No one misunderstood Reagan when he declared his strategy for the Cold War was "We win, they lose." His message to Soviet Leader Mikhail Gorbachev at the Brandenburg Gate was unmistakable: "Tear down this wall."  America needs leaders who will speak boldly and clearly at home and on the world stage once again.  As we look to the future, let us together renew the promise he made to America in1980 bid when he pledged to restore "the great, confident roar of American progress and growth and optimism."
On June 4, 1989 tens of thousands of Chinese soldiers stormed into Tiananmen Square in Beijing to confront the protestors who had assembled there to demand freedom from the tyranny of Communism.  Neither side would back down until the military resorted to tanks and indiscriminate machine-gun fire that devastated the opposition.  In the People’s Republic of China, however, the very mention of June 4th remains a rallying cry for those brave souls who still believe the Chinese people deserve basic personal liberties.  ‘June 4th’ is so powerful, in fact, that it is the single most targeted phrase by the PRC censors who are waging a relentless war against internet freedom in China.  But ‘June 4th’ keeps cropping up.  Even twenty-five years later the memory of a brave man standing alone in front of a line of tanks is a powerful testament to the power of a single voice crying out for freedom.  These voices still exist in China despite the best efforts of the authorities to silence them.  I was proud today to work with Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) and 13 other Senate colleagues to send a letter to Washington, D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray supporting an effort by our House of Representatives colleagues to get the portion of International Place in front of the PRC embassy renamed ‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza.’  This designation would honor the poet, human rights activist, and 2010 Nobel Laureate who participated in the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and is today serving an eleven-year prison sentence for his opposition to the PRC authorities.  At the very least, this modest gesture would express to Dr. Liu and all those peacefully protesting for freedom in China that the people of the United States stand with them.
Good news: Choice Card provisions remain in bipartisan #VA reform bill. Vets need choice in health care if VA can't deliver.
Taxpayers in Arizona and across the country are counting on us to say no to dumb or wasteful spending projects.  Until we do, we'll never change the culture of Washington. I appreciate the work Citizens Against Government Waste does in calling attention to the need for smaller government and smarter use of taxpayer money.
Saddened to hear of the passing of Chester Nez. The last of the Navajo Code Talkers is now gone.  What a great legacy.  #AZ
Great to visit with Wisner-Pilger FFA students who are in Washington for their annual leadership conference. I’m proud of their hard work and dedication to Nebraska ag!
Sen. Grassley said today he welcomes the reported ongoing negotiations toward a bipartisan bill to increase timely health care for veterans and improve accountability at the federal Department of Veterans Affairs.  Read more here:
We are 150 days away from Nevada 150 celebrations.   Cc: Congressman Steven Horsford, Congressman Mark Amodei, Rep Joe Heck, Congresswoman Dina Titus.
“Both of these bills are about cutting red tape and making the federal permitting process more timely and efficient. With the pace of oil and gas development in North Dakota, we need field offices to help expedite the process and prevent delays that are costing us jobs and economic growth.”
Our state is now the fastest growing state in the nation, and while that growth brings tremendous opportunities, it also brings challenges. We’re working to ensure that we maintain the high quality of life North Dakotans expect. That includes investing in our roads, bridges, airports and other transportation infrastructure. This grant will help the Williston Airport to make necessary improvements to the taxiway to ensure that the many individuals flying in and out of Williston for business or pleasure are able to do so safely and efficiently.
Integrating UAS into our national airspace is a tremendous opportunity for our nation, and Grand Forks is leading the way. This legislation includes important funding and initiatives that will help to move forward work at test sites so we can safely integrate UAS into our national airspace and fly both manned and unmanned aircraft safely. We included provisions to help ensure we’re able to fly multiple UAS and manned aircraft at the same time, as well as a provision to accelerate FAA approvals for UAS to be used commercially.
“North Dakotans, whether they are farmers, sportsmen or conservationists, place a high value our land. These two programs help our farmers and ranchers protect our natural resources while also maintaining private ownership of the land, helping support the next generation of farmers and ranchers and providing more options as our producers plan the best use of their land. We worked hard to maintain these programs in the farm bill and to ensure that they have the flexibility our producers need.” 
It was a pleasure meeting with Oklahoma students who traveled to Washington with the Future Farmers of America (FFA). FFA’s program educates students on the importance of agriculture while helping youth explore their interests in future career paths.
I hope you will take a moment to read my op-ed in TIME today on how President Obama has compromised our national security with the trade of five senior Taliban leaders to burnish his legacy: http://time.com/2823641/barack-obama-bowe-bergdahl-legacy/
I'll be joining FOX News with Megan Kelly at 9:30 PM EST to discuss the briefing I received this evening from the Obama Administration regarding the release of the five Taliban detainees.
Senator Johnson met Thursday with two high school students in the Senate Page Program. They discussed the pages’ time on Capitol Hill.
Senator Johnson at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee today discussing the situation in Ukraine.
Millions rely on the Great Lakes for drinking water. My bill, S. 571, would end sewage dumping in the Great Lakes by 2033. #WorldEnvironmentDay
Without #TRIA, Chicago's skyline will suffer. I spoke w/ constituents this morning about this important legislation.
Last night I attended a Senators-only briefing about the President’s Taliban-Bergdahl exchange in hopes of getting real answers from the White House. Unfortunately, there were no reasonable answers to our questions, and I didn’t learn anything that hadn’t already been reported by the media. It is disturbing that the White House can’t answer questions including why Congress wasn’t notified about this deal ahead of time as required by law, justification for releasing these five senior Taliban officials from Guantanamo, and why we haven’t brought home Americans who remain held in poor conditions like Alan Gross and Saeed Abedini but selectively rescued Bowe Bergdahl. This is unacceptable.
This morning I made a plea on the Senate floor for my colleagues to put politics aside and pass legislation that truly addresses the failures within the Department of Veterans Affairs. My plea is to the Democratic leaders, to the Republican leaders, to individual senators, whatever party they are: let's not follow the path that we have followed so many times in which there's a Republican plan to fix a problem and there's a Democrat plan to fix a problem. Surely our veterans deserve something more than each of us being able to say we cast a vote for their benefit. Surely they deserve the opportunity to actually have legislation passed that will address the challenges and problems at the VA. We are called upon as American citizens, certainly as members of the United States senate, to do all the things that we can do to demonstrate that we thank our veterans for their service, we respect them, and we love them.
Congrats to the great folks at the Sitka Sound Science Center for receiving a M.J. Murdock Charitable Trust grant to renovate its exterior.  They work in a fantastic historic building there in Southeast Alaska, but it needs some touching up.  Can't wait to see it in a few months after they get to work.
I'm about to step onto the Senate floor to discuss the new EPA proposals this week.  Here's the live-stream from C-SPAN2. http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
Today's appropriations bill gives our fisherman the tools and information they need to do their jobs; earlier today I thanked my Senate colleagues for incorporating my suggestions to help the farmers of our oceans work as efficiently as possible.
I want to thank Dave Stieren at KFQD for having me on to talk about the Bergdahl story.  The more I find out about the White House negotiating to release five high-ranking Taliban officials, the more questions and concerns I have – as do my Senate colleagues from both parties. Nobody wants to leave a soldier behind, but there are protocols and a legal requirement to consult Congress on decisions to release terrorists from Gitmo. This was not only a bad deal done the wrong way, but also it is clearly bad for the morale and safety of our men and women serving us around the world and the safety and security of our country. If you missed our conversation, a link to the segment is below.
Check out my latest newsletter here:
The release of the five terrorists for Sgt. Bergdahl is yet another example of the Obama Administration’s failed foreign policy. This is the President’s latest attempt to close Guantanamo Bay, something I have opposed from the start when he attempted to move terrorists to Leavenworth, Kansas. Two of the detainees have been accused of wartime atrocities including massacres, and we are supposed to believe we will not see them on the battlefield again?   Last night, I attended a classified briefing held by the Administration. Unfortunately, I exited that briefing as frustrated as I entered. There were no comments made that haven’t been made in the press, nothing enlightening or forthcoming.    The President’s National Security Council "B" team continues to tell us that their number one commitment was to never, under any circumstances, leave a man behind. This is clearly false, given what happened in Benghazi.  
It was a special honor to be with the inspiring Kansas veterans at yesterday's honor flight from Concordia.
Rubio Comments On Veterans Bill Agreement: http://1.usa.gov/1rP2SQG  “For months, I’ve worked with Representative Jeff Miller and veterans organizations to pass legislation empowering the Veterans Affairs Secretary to fire incompetent and negligent managers. In recent days, I’ve worked with Senators Burr, McCain and Sanders to ensure that this important proposal was included in their veterans bill that the Senate will consider in coming weeks. I am pleased that real accountability measures are included in the legislation. Considering the deep debt of gratitude our nation owes our veterans, I’m optimistic that the Senate will soon join the U.S. House of Representatives and pass these important reforms. As we look forward to voting on this bill, I will be reviewing it closely to ensure it delivers on America’s promises to our veterans.” 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses VA reform and U.S. foreign policy with Mark Levin 
NA
NA
Jay Carney, June 21, 2013: "we would not make any decisions about transfer of any detainees without consulting with Congress and without doing so in accordance with U.S. law."  Washington Post, today: "Administration officials have acknowledged that they did not notify Congress at least 30 days in advance of a Guantanamo detainee release."
Senator Joe Manchin III & I are working to help protect corrections officers. #commonsense
70 years ago, General Eisenhower wrote this letter in case the Normandy landing failed.  That's leadership.  He dated it July 5 by mistake.  Our landings in the Cherbourg-Havre area have failed to gain a satisfactory foothold and I have withdrawn the troops. My decision to attack at this time and place was based upon the best information available. The troops, the air and the Navy did all that Bravery and devotion to duty could do. If any blame or fault attaches to the attempt it is mine alone.  http://www.archives.gov/education/lessons/d-day-message/images/failure-message.gif
In late April, tornadoes ravaged communities in Mississippi taking innocent lives and causing extensive damage. Despite the devastation, we can be thankful for the technology that provided critical information ahead of time, alerting people to take shelter and saving hundreds of our fellow citizens.  The swift action of our weather forecasters, local officials, and first responders validated more than ever the importance of technology and communication when disaster strikes.
