Enjoyed meeting with bright and motivated New Hampshire students at Coffee with Kelly this morning. Was great to hear about their internships in Washington this semester through The Washington Center's internship program.
At least 22 times President Obama said he doesn’t have the authority to enact the kind of executive #amnesty that he plans to announce during tonight’s #immigration speech. Call the White House to urge President Obama: Listen to voters. NO executive action on immigration. 202-456-1111
There are too many stories of the brave heroes, like Marine Cpl. Clay Hunt, who have been lost to suicide. These heroes deserve the best access to quality mental health care. That’s why I co-sponsored the “Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act” to improve behavioral health services and suicide prevention resources for our servicemen and women. http://wapo.st/1ytp7uT
President Obama’s actions to change existing law and grant amnesty via executive order exceed his Constitutional authority, ignore the wishes of the American people and contradict his past assertions that only Congress can set immigration policy.
NA
Yesterday I supported the No Social Security for Nazis Act, legislation that would ensure no individuals who participated in Nazi persecutions are eligible to receive Social Security benefits. The countless lives lost during the Holocaust left scars that still haunt much of Europe and the world. Due to an egregious loophole in current law, some Nazis who had lived in the United States after World War II retained Social Security benefits. It is morally wrong and fiscally irresponsible to allow this loophole to remain, which is why I am supporting legislation to right this wrong. American taxpayers should not be funding benefits for those who perpetuated the atrocities committed during the Holocaust.
ICYMI: I have urged Senate leadership to immediately consider legislation to stop the President from taking executive action on immigration.  To learn more, click here. #idpol
Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL) graciously handed the gavel over to Senator Collins - who will become Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging in the 114th Congress.  The committee explores issues of importance to older Americans and, most recently, has examined various frauds targeting our seniors.  Do you have an idea for a topic that the committee should examine?
Cornyn: Executive Action on Immigration an Unconstitutional Abuse of Power:
Sen. Cornyn OpEd in National Review: The Case against Obama’s Amnesty:
On Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom” this morning, Senator Corker discussed President Obama’s decision to issue an executive order on immigration.  “This president is not acting in strength, he is acting in weakness. Unless lightning strikes, it will be the worst presidency in modern history,” said Corker.   “There has to be a response, no question. But it has to be a response that enables us to continue to move our nation ahead, remembering that this president will be gone in two years,” Corker continued. “He’s incredibly weak, and candidly, he is doing these things because he doesn’t have the ability to lead and is not willing to put the effort out to do the work to actually cause things to pass in Congress.”  Speaking about the need to fix our nation’s broken immigration system in a 2011 commencement address at Miami Dade College, President Obama said: “I know some here wish that I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that’s not how democracy works… Changing our laws means doing the hard work of changing minds and changing votes, one by one.”
A #ThrowbackThursday if there ever was one. Cicero’s wisdom from 2,077 years ago.
The words of Cicero powerfully relevant 2,077 years later. #StopObamasAmnesty
If the President goes forward with this illegal amnesty -- unilaterally defying Congress and defying the American voters -- then it's incumbent upon Congress to use every single Constitutional tool we have to defend the rule of law. #StopObamasAmnesty
One of the best ways to stay up to date on what I am working on in Washington is to read The Enzi Insider. This week’s Insider gives you an inside scoop on legislation approving faster drug treatments for Ebola, a letter opposing the Waters of the United States rule, and more. Take a look!
I oppose President Obama’s effort to unilaterally fix a broken immigration system by granting amnesty to five million illegal immigrants.   This is wrong.  It’s irresponsible.  It will do damage to our efforts to fix a broken immigration system.  This is a tremendous presidential overreach.   I will try to defund the effort for him to go it alone.  We will challenge him in court.  I will continue to work to repair a broken immigration system in a bipartisan fashion.  What the President has chosen to do has done great damage to our nation.
Senator Grassley continues to look at long-term paid leave for federal employees.  The internal watchdog at the Environmental Protection Agency is raising red flags there.  Read more here:
Recently, I visited with Gerri Willis on Fox Business to discuss the latest on defective air bags:
Today is #RuralHealth Day. Thank you to our rural healthcare providers for their remarkable work to keep families & individuals healthy.
#TBT to my 60th birthday twenty years ago Tuesday, I was sworn into the U.S. Senate to represent the great state of Oklahoma with my beautiful wife Kay by my side. I have the same sense of passion for our nation as I did on that fateful day twenty years ago and I look forward to continuing to fight for Oklahoma values for another term. Thank you, Oklahoma.    http://www.c-span.org/video/?61651-1/senator-inhofe-swearingin-ceremony
Sen. Johnson will appear on The Kelly File tonight at 8 p.m. CT on Fox News. Sen. Johnson will discuss President Obama’s #immigration #executiveaction and how he plans to respond as the incoming chairman of Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs in the new congress.
As long as terrorists fire missiles at #Israel, I'll support the Iron Dome missile defense system to defend our friends.
The University of Illinois has long been at the forefront of cutting–edge research and technological innovation. I look forward to working with Dr. Killeen to maintain the University's  status as one of the world's best public universities so that Illinois students can continue to compete and thrive in the global economy.
I appreciated being able to participate in this immigration roundtable with business leaders and community leaders in Utah.  Republicans are ready to move forward to correct what is broken in our immigration system through a process that respects the rule of law.
#tbt University of Kentucky Coach John Calipari presented 2012 NCAA National Championship floor to UK alumnus Senator McConnell. It's going to be an impressive year for #BBN. #platoon
McConnell: ‘Congress Will Act’ if President Issues Immigration Order  ‘The action he’s proposed would ignore the law, would reject the voice of the voters, and would impose new unfairness on law-abiding immigrants — all without solving the problem. In fact, his action is more likely to make it even worse.’  WASHINGTON, DC – Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell made the following statement today regarding the President’s proposed executive action on immigration:  “I’d like to say a few words this morning about President Obama’s proposed executive action on immigration.  “And I’ll begin with a quote from the President. ‘Democracy is hard,’ he said during a commencement speech in Miami three years ago. “But it’s right. [And] changing our laws means doing the hard work of changing minds and changing votes, one by one.”  “As someone who well understands just how difficult the work of changing minds and votes can be, I couldn’t agree more with the President’s statement.”  “Americans accept that democracy’s blessings are only made possible by the constraints it imposes — both its legal contours and those imposed by popular election. We accept democracy’s messiness. We accept that we may not always get all of what we want exactly when we want it. And based on more of what the President said in Miami, this is something he seemed to understand too.”  “He was talking about immigration that day, and here’s something else he said on the topic. ‘I know [that] some… wish that I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that’s not how democracy works.’  “Indeed, it isn’t.  “All of which makes the President’s planned executive action on immigration even more jarring.  “If the President truly follows through on this attempt to impose his will unilaterally, he will have issued a rebuke to his own stated view of democracy. And he will have contradicted his past statements on this very issue.   “The instances of President Obama saying that he does not have the power to do the kinds of things he now plans to do are almost too numerous to list. He tried to suggest otherwise last weekend. But a prominent fact-checker panned the spin as ‘Pinocchio-laden’ and clarified that the President has been asked ‘specifically…[about] the sorts of actions that he is contemplating now.’ The President’s previous answers seemed to be unequivocal: he lacked the legal authority to act.  “As just one example, President Obama said last year that executive action was ‘not an option’ because ‘[he] would be ignoring the law.’ ‘There is a path to get this done,’ he said, ‘and that is through Congress.’  “He’s right. The action he’s proposed would ignore the law, would reject the voice of the voters, and would impose new unfairness on law-abiding immigrants — all without solving the problem. In fact, his action is more likely to make it even worse.  “We’ve already seen the consequences of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, his most recent action in this area. It was a factor in encouraging young people to risk their lives on a perilous journey some would never complete.   “The effects of this action could be just as tragic.   “Just as the ‘Affordable Care Act’ had little to do with making health care more affordable, slapping the term “immigration reform” on something doesn’t mean it’s actually immigration reform.   “And just as with Obamacare, the action the President is proposing isn’t about solutions.   “It isn’t about compassion.  “It seems to be about what a political party thinks would make for good politics.  “It seems to be about what a President thinks would be good for his legacy.   “Those are not the motivations that should be driving such sweeping action. And I think the President will come to regret the chapter history writes if he does move forward.  “Because the plan he’s presenting is more than just, as the President himself has acknowledged, an overreach — it’s also unfair.  “What does the President have to say to the countless aspiring immigrants who’ve spent years waiting patiently in line? To the people who’ve played by all the rules?  “Where is his compassion for them?  “What does the President have to say to the millions of Americans who still can’t find work in this economy? The President can’t reach across the aisle to secure a serious jobs plan for them, but he’s willing to put everything he’s got into this one executive action?  “Where is the justice in that?  “There is a larger point here too.  “Some people seem to have forgotten this already, but we just had an election.  “Before that election, the President told us about his plan to act unilaterally on immigration.  “He reminded us that his policies were on the ballot.   “And then the people spoke.   “The President doesn’t have to like the result, but he has a duty to respect it.  “The American people sent a message. They said they want to see us working together. They said they want to see more serious ideas pass through Congress.  “What they didn’t say they wanted to see was the President sidestepping the very representatives they just elected.   “That’s why so many Kentuckians have been calling my office in opposition to this plan. I know phones have continued to ring off the hook all week in other offices across Capitol Hill.  “Our constituents want to be heard. President Obama needs to listen to their voices.   “If nothing else, perhaps the President will at least consider the views of the Democrat Senators and Members of Congress who’ve urged him not to do this. These Democrats understand the consequences of a President from a different political party citing this precedent in the future.  “Either way, he needs to understand something.  “If President Obama acts in defiance of the people and imposes his will on the country, Congress will act.   “We’re considering a variety of options. But make no mistake. When the newly elected representatives of the people take their seats, they will act.  “Look: As the President has said, democracy is hard.   “Imposing his will unilaterally may seem tempting. It may serve him politically in the short term. But he knows that it will make an already-broken system even more broken.  “And he knows that this is not how democracy is supposed to work. Because he told us so himself.”  ###
‘The action he’s proposed would ignore the law, would reject the voice of the voters, and would impose new unfairness on law-abiding immigrants — all without solving the problem. In fact, his action is more likely to make it even worse.’
Today is National Rural Health Day — a day to honor the community-minded spirit and dedication that prevails in Kansas and other parts of rural America. It also gives us a chance to recognize the unique health care challenges that rural Americans face, and to celebrate the individuals who rise to meet these challenges every day.   Rural communities must deal with a number of health care challenges, including caring effectively for an aging population across wide areas, addressing medical workforce shortages, and covering high proportions of uninsured and underinsured patients. Due in large part to the effort, cooperation, and commitment it takes to confront such challenges, it is the selfless, resilient doctors, nurses, administrators, and other rural health providers that make up the foundation of these towns. In addition to the care these providers furnish to residents, they are also vital to their local economies as large employers in rural areas.  I commend the men and women working in these health care facilities for their tireless effort and dedication to the people they serve. We are grateful to you and your fellow health professionals who care for the 62 million individuals that call rural America home.
The world cannot accept Iran’s pursuit of nuclear weapons or the possibility of Iran approaching the edge of nuclear weapon development. The stakes are too high to cut a dangerous deal that disregards the concerns of Congress and the American people.  If international negotiators fail to reach an agreement that prescribes lasting and verifiable dismantlement of Iran’s illicit nuclear program, the United States should immediately reinstate and augment financial sanctions to further force the issue of Iran’s economic fate into their country’s nuclear calculations.
As I push to prioritize Arctic issues in the U.S., I look towards a country like Iceland, which places a high importance on the Arctic, as a great example. Today I met with Speaker of the Icelandic Parliament Einar Kristinn Guðfinnsson, to discuss the United States’ role in the Arctic, Iceland’s ties with Alaska, U.S.-Iceland relations, and potential areas of cooperation.
The Indian Health Service has not supported Alaska’s Village Built Clinics – the backbone of our rural health program – as reliably as they do in the Lower 48. I told the I.H.S. Acting Director that we’re done with being polite, and we now demand full support and commitment from our federal government for the health and well-being of our first people.
By acting alone on immigration, the President is going around the American people. If the President wants to fix our broken immigration system, he should work with the newly-elected Congress on real reform that includes improved internal enforcement measures and securing our border.
President Obama is not above the law and has no right to issue Executive Amnesty. His actions blatantly ignore the Separations of Powers and the principles our country was founded on. The President has said 22 times previously that he does not have the power to legislate on immigration. 
 
 I believe that immigration reform is needed, however for true and effective reform, we must first secure the border. I will not sit idly by and let the President bypass Congress and our Constitution.
 
 http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1248
Starter pack for the "President who thinks he's a king."
FLASHBACK: President Obama admits that he doesn't have the power to implement Executive Amnesty #TBT
In Case You Missed It: I appeared on Fox's On The Record with Greta Van Susteren last night to discuss President Obama’s announcement that he will be using Executive Action on Immigration Reform.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oq68UaT7IMQ&feature=youtu.be
Today is National Rural Health Day, and as co-chair of the Rural Health Caucus I want to recognize all the hard working medical professionals who serve our rural communities.  Rural hospitals and health care networks face unique challenges and serve communities critical to the success of our country.
Thanks to Pope Francis and the Vatican for shining light on autism this week, and giving hope to many parents and children.
During Committee Hearing, Rubio Seeks Answers On Defective Takata Airbags, Safety Of Vehicles
Rubio, Colleagues Introduce Ebola Visa Ban Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/1p3f67o  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced the Keeping America Safe from Ebola Act of 2014, legislation to impose common sense travel restrictions by creating a temporary visa ban for nationals who are habitual residents of a country that the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) has designated as a country with “widespread transmission of Ebola.” Aid workers and foreign military who must travel to the United States would be exempted.    Co-sponsors of the bill include Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Pat Roberts (R-KS), John Thune (R-SD) and Mark Kirk (R-IL).   Companion legislation was introduced in the House today by U.S. Representative Mike Kelly (R-PA).  “Imposing travel restrictions is a common sense approach to protecting Americans from Ebola,” said Rubio. “Over the past few months, we’ve seen Ebola’s deadly reach, and air travel has proven to be its gateway to the United States.    “A temporary visa ban aims to limit the spread of Ebola by placing strict limitations on travel to the U.S. from Ebola-affected countries and protect Americans from any potential threats of an outbreak, but it does not mean that our efforts to combat the virus will stop there,” added Rubio. “America must remain committed to this international challenge by addressing it at its source and increasing our assistance to countries that continue struggling to contain this deadly outbreak. America will not be completely safe from Ebola until the virus is contained at its source.”
Senators Urge Administration To Work With Congress To End Iran’s Nuclear Threat: http://1.usa.gov/14QQohG  Washington, D.C. – In light of the administration’s reported plans to circumvent Congress and unilaterally reach a nuclear deal with Iran, U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Mark Kirk (R-IL) today led a group of 43 senators in urging President Obama to work with Congress on reaching an agreement that will decisively end Iran’s nuclear threat.   In a letter to President Obama, the senators highlighted the negative consequences of a weak nuclear deal to the United States, and urged the President to insist that Iran meet the essential requirements previously outlined by Congress and the administration.   “We have watched with concern as your administration has hinted at ‘creative solutions’ that abandon the clear requirements of U.N. Security Council Resolutions, and shifted course away from essential requirements Congress has stressed in order to meet Iran’s unreasonable demands,” the senators wrote. “Your negotiators appear to have disregarded clear expressions from the Senate emphasizing the need for a multi-decade agreement requiring Iran to fully suspend its enrichment and reprocessing activities, to dismantle its illicit nuclear infrastructure, and completely disclose its past work on nuclear weaponization.”   “Given Iran’s growing nuclear and non-nuclear threats, we therefore urge your administration to firmly insist that Iran meet the requirements that Congress and members of your administration have previously outlined,” the senators added. “The negative consequences of a bad deal to the United States are immense, and will impact the security and safety of Americans and send a message of U.S. weakness to our allies and partners in the Middle East and beyond, including Israel.”
Rubio Secures Administration’s Support For Venezuela Sanctions, But Questions Remain About Policy Toward Colombia And Cuba: http://1.usa.gov/1p1BCgY  Washington, D.C. – During a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing today, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) questioned President Obama’s deputy secretary of state nominee, Antony Blinken, regarding U.S. policy toward Venezuela, Colombia and Cuba.   In his testimony, Blinken announced that the Obama Administration now supports the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, a bill sponsored by Rubio authorizing sanctions on individuals involved in serious human rights violations against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela.    Regarding U.S. policy with respect to Colombia, Rubio asked whether the Obama Administration would ever consider commuting the sentences of Colombian drug traffickers currently imprisoned in the U.S.. Although the nominee pledged to consult closely with Rubio and the committee on such a policy, he did not categorically rule out the possibility.   Lastly, Rubio questioned Blinken about any future unilateral changes to U.S.-Cuba policy absent democratic reforms on the island nation. When given several opportunities to categorically rule out the possibility of unilateral changes to Cuba policy, Blinken demurred.   Following the hearing, Rubio issued the following statement:   “I am encouraged that the Obama Administration finally announced its support for legislation pending before the Senate that would impose visa and financial sanctions on individuals committing human rights abuses in Venezuela. In addition to the visa freezes the administration is already implementing against such individuals, they should immediately freeze the financial assets of these individuals. With respect to Colombia, it is important that the U.S. make clear that Colombian drug traffickers serving in U.S. prisons will serve out their sentences, regardless of what demands may be made in negotiations with the FARC. On Cuba, I am very concerned that President Obama’s nominee to be John Kerry’s deputy at the Department of State passed up several opportunities today to categorically rule out the possibility of unilateral changes to U.S. policy towards Cuba. Unless Cuba begins an irreversible democratic transformation, the U.S. should not reward the Castro regime with unilateral concessions from us that enrich the regime and help it repress millions of Cubans.”
President Obama is expected to announce tonight that he will grant executive amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants.   I am adamantly opposed to providing amnesty to individuals who break our nation’s immigration laws.
Enjoyed meeting these two young gentlemen who have benefitted from school choice and the DC Opportunity Scholarship at my keynote speech this morning on eliminating poverty!
Congratulations to Judge Wendy #Beetlestone on her confirmation as a federal judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania! She is the 11th judge Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have worked together on to fill Pennsylvania’s judicial vacancies. http://bit.ly/beetlestone
