Do you agree with Sen. Alexander that “individuals should have direct access to personal health information, and federal policies should clearly support that?”   LIKE if you agree, and read Alexander’s letter to HHS Sec. Sebelius today, pressing her on the Obama administration’s  “conflicting” message on its position: http://1.usa.gov/1hz9e1P 
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with the Paris Post-Intelligencer editorial page that: “The federal government shouldn’t punish taxpayers in states like Tennessee because their legislatures didn’t adopt a state income tax.”   And follow this link to read the full editorial, “Sales tax deduction all about fairness,” on Sen. Alexander’s push to make the federal tax deduction for state and local sales tax permanent: http://1.usa.gov/1dRB5ab 
Last night, Senator Ayotte attended the grand opening of the new Bass Pro Shop in Hooksett.  Here are a few photos from the event.
Toured Berlin Vet Center in Gorham this morning and was so impressed by the work they're doing. Read more:  http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1281
Just wrapped up an informative tour of the Glanbia Foods Cheese Innovation Center in Twin. #idpol #4jobs
Always enjoy the chance to visit with students who have an interest in government and public service. Just wrapped up a great conversation with these students from Gooding High School. #idpol #magicvalley
Spoke to and took questions from, the Gooding Chamber of Commerce. #idpol #MagicValley
A bipartisan coalition of forty senators, led by Charles Schumer (D-New York) and I, have written the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to express concern with additional cuts to Medicare Advantage in 2015.  In rural areas, such as much of Idaho, MA plans are a significant part of the insurance coverage network for Medicare patients.  MA plans have already received significant reductions due to the president’s health care law, leading some providers to cancel plans.  Like all health care consumers, beneficiaries are looking for consistency and predictability to ensure continued access to high quality health care.  MA has been a successful competitive option for Idaho seniors, and it should continue without further reductions. 
Earlier this evening, I toured the Nampa Family Justice Center with Director Criselda DeLaCruz-Valdez. #idpol
Learning about a new high-tech financial literacy program, EverFi, which is equipping students at Estacado High in Lubbock with important skills for real world financing and planning for their future:
We need a Great American Energy Renaissance to save us from the Obama Economy. #MakeDCListen
Thoughts and prayers for the friends, family, and loved ones of Texans caught up in the chaos in Ukraine:
Time to break this out again. "Affordable" Care Act to cost individuals and families hundreds each year: http://washex.am/1eamnpW #FullRepeal
There is a huge divide between career politicians of both parties in Washington and the American people. It’s time to #MakeDCListen.
In a preview of President Obama’s fiscal 2015 budget, outgoing economic advisor Gene Sperling said they don’t want deficit reduction to come at the expense of investment in the future. They’ve got it wrong. If we don’t reduce our deficit now it will cost us our future. Spending now helps those in office now, which is why the pattern in our country has been to spend now and pay later, but later never comes. Well, it is coming sooner than people want to believe. I will continue to vote and advocate for deficit reduction.
Since the current majority in the Senate took control in 2007, the majority leader has systematically limited the power of senators to vote on important amendments in order to keep his party from facing politically dangerous votes. Political motivations and consolidation of power should not be used to deny senators from either party the right to legislate. See the graph below for more information.
Earlier today I toured Paypal’s Omaha facility and met with several employees. Great opportunity to learn more about their cybersecurity measures to protect consumer information.
Speaking with Manning Kimmel of WRHI Rock Hill this morning about the problems with Obamacare. I continue to hear from individuals and businesses in South Carolina who are feeling the negative impact of this law.
SecySebilius take note 19Dems/21Reps letter to CMS decrying ObamaCare cuts in MedicareAdvantage  It will hurt 30% of seniors Why hurt them?
Tour & Q&A w employees, Pepsi in Mason City Topics-taxes, GMOs, partisanship, Social Security, ethanol, Keystone pipeline
Just met with Illinois veterans and VA officials in Danville today to talk about the disability claims backlog facing our veterans. The average wait time for disability claims in Illinois is 353 days – the sixth-highest in the nation. That is unacceptable. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=999
SPOILER: See how #IL athletes Megan Bozek & Kendall Coyne fared in the Women's Hockey final:   http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
Good luck to Kendall Coyne & Team USA Women's Hockey in the finals tomorrow.  More: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
Share to wish Megan Bozek & Team USA Women's Hockey good luck in finals tomorrow.  Follow the athletes: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Gracie Gold goes for gold tomorrow morning.  Share to join me in wishing her good luck!  Follow all the #Illinois athletes: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
"Underscoring the first-term Republican's remarks to the Utah House and Senate was his core belief that states should be empowered as the primary sources of law."  I was honored to present my annual address to the Utah Legislature today.  I highlighted several of the proposals I have recently introduced that would return power that has been increasingly concentrated in Washington back to the states and to individual Americans.
It was good to see nearly 50 Lansing-area residents today on my latest Kansas Listening Tour stop. Folks came out to discuss a variety of issues including access to health care for veterans, energy, the deficit and our broken immigration system. The issues I focus on and work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans during these town hall meetings. Here, I’m pictured with LTG Rich Keller (Ret.) and high school student Sarah Jane Vandersteen.
I encourage you to read my op-ed in The Daily Caller about restoring public trust in the IRS. Last week, I joined more than 30 of my Senate colleagues in introducing legislation to put a stop to the blatant political targeting at the IRS. The bill would return the IRS standards and definitions to exactly how they were written on Jan. 1, 2010 – the date prior to when the agency’s inappropriate targeting began. Americans have the right to expect the IRS to operate in a fair, apolitical and appropriate manner.
I attended The Rotary Club of Topeka last week, and the program featured the Washburn Rural High School International Baccalaureate Program. After an extensive authorization process in 2012, Washburn Rural was one of six Kansas schools authorized as an International Baccalaureate World School Diploma Programme, and the first class will graduate this year. Here, I'm pictured with the talented Deo Gloria Singers from the Cornerstone Family Homeschool — thanks for the wonderful performance. (Photo courtesy of Ann Leffler Palmer)
Visiting the Coast Guard search and rescue team in Ketchikan, thanking them for stepping up for Alaskans' lives and well-being. We truly appreciate their dedication.
It's not every day you get to say 'Thank you' to a member of the Alaska Territorial Guard like Henry Neligan! Thank you for your service!
Educating today's students empowers future workers and local economies -- I am visiting w/the Southern Southeast Alaska Technical Education Center to hear about their latest vocational training efforts.
Sitting down in Ketchikan to talk about the issues facing the Southeast Alaska Regional Fisheries Association.
Visiting with the United Fisherman of Alaska. It was great to discuss the fishery disaster funds that will help Alaska communities impacted by the low 2012 Chinook run.
Good luck to Ohio’s own Kelli Stack and Brianne McLaughlin on their quest to bring home the gold for USA Women’s Hockey today against Canada!
The notion that if the NSA had informed us they were monitoring every American would somehow make it OK, does not make it OK. Explaining why you are violating the Fourth Amendment does not invalidate the Fourth Amendment.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/feb/20/nsa-violating-american-rights-rand-paul
It was great yesterday to meet with fellow Kentuckians in Shelbyville.
A concern among many Kansans I have met with this week is the issue of patient privacy. Every day we hear about a new breach of private records in state healthcare exchanges. Vermont is the latest example where one patient’s bills were sent to another. Patients must be able to trust their Doctor with their records, but who is responsible if the government violates that trust? I continue to demand answers from CMS regarding the safety of patient records in the Obamacare exchanges. http://www.burlingtonfreepress.com/article/20140212/NEWS03/302120026/7-more-privacy-breaches-for-Vermont-exchange-customers
It was a pleasure to hear my friend and fellow Kansas State University alumni Mayor Carl Gerlach at the annual Overland Park State of the City Address speak regarding "public service." I join Mayor Gerlach in honoring the City of Overland Park employees and first responders who make Overland Park a great city. It was also great to see my friend Ed Eilert, Chairman of the Board of Johnson County Commissioners. A special note of thanks to the Shawnee Mission North for their wonderful musical performance at lunch. Overland Park City Hall
The President's announcement this week to force automakers to meet tougher fuel-efficiency standards for mid-size and large trucks is his latest executive overreach. Kansans have already told me the proposed rules will hurt their businesses. I will lead an effort to protest these rules because they will have little to no effect on climate change and will instead raise costs for consumers and the taxpayer. 
Senator Rubio Comments On Ongoing Venezuela Crisis: http://1.usa.gov/ME4w4W  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today regarding the ongoing crisis in Venezuela:   “The situation in Venezuela is growing more violent and deadly, as innocent Venezuelans demanding their freedoms and greater accountability from the government are being met with government-organized armed repression and violence.   “I am sickened by the images I’ve seen of young people being maimed, jailed and even killed by Nicolás Maduro’s thugs. The world is watching, and every government-backed thug thinking about carrying out orders against innocent Venezuelans should really think about the eventual consequences that will come with their actions. There are cameras everywhere, and they will be held accountable for following  the orders of an increasingly illegitimate government that’s proving it can only remain in power through repression and violence.   “America should not stand idly as Venezuela’s government tramples on the Inter-American Democratic Charter that all nations in our hemisphere, except Cuba, have endorsed. I am troubled about the failure of other democratically elected governments in Latin America to publicly stand by the mass peaceful demonstrations of students and other civilians and against Maduro’s government’s brutal repression of the marchers.  “As pro-democracy leader Leopoldo Lopez sits in jail, we should demand his immediate and unconditional release, along with others who have been unjustly imprisoned for demonstrating against the Venezuelan government. We should demand that the government refrain from attacking its opponents.   “The Administration should use every diplomatic means necessary to draw attention to the courageous efforts of Venezuelans, the cowardice of Maduro’s government, and impose sanctions on those planning and actively participating in repressive and violent acts.   “I’m glad President Obama finally spoke about the situation yesterday, and he should take concrete actions that make clear we stand for peace in Venezuela and against a government that represses its people. He should make clear his support for the Global Human Rights Act, which awaits for Congress’ approval and would provide his administration with additional means to combat gross human rights violations like what we’ve seen in Venezuela.   “I am proud to represent a state where thousands have worked tirelessly to raise awareness about the situation in Venezuela and be a voice to the world for those who Nicolás Maduro’s government seeks to silence. With several peaceful demonstrations planned across Florida this weekend, I stand in solidarity with those efforts and with the courageous people in Venezuela who want a better future for themselves and their country.” 
NA
Great day in the Upstate! Will be sitting down with the Greenville News editorial board and speaking at the Fountain Inn Chamber of Commerce tonight.
Good luck to our U.S. Women's Hockey team playing Canada! Very proud of all our American Olympians. instagram.com/p/kFXOqgkE-A/  
Just had a great meeting with Lorenzo North, President of AFSCME Local 159 Correctional Officers union. He is also an Army veteran. We discussed legislation which would assist his workforce and improve their safety. I also thanked Lorenzo for his terrific public service and service to our country.
In Philly today, I visited the IBEW Local 98 training facility to learn more about their union apprenticeship and worker training program. The federal government's worker training efforts are a confusing maze of more than 50 different programs. There’s a lot that Washington can learn from the one at IBEW Local 98.
In the Southeast today to talk with local leaders about how we can reform the federal government’s complicated web of workforce development programs. It’s something Congress and the President  want to work on.
