Senator Ayotte met with Olympic athlete Nicholas Fairall of New London today and learned about his experience competing in Sochi for Team USA in the ski jumping event.
NA
Today is World Autism Awareness Day – as we increase our knowledge of autism spectrum disorders, it is important that we do what we can to support individuals with autism and their families. That’s why Senator Casey and I introduced the ABLE Act.  The ABLE Act would allow families with disabled children, including those with autism, to save using a 529 college savings account to prepare for their child’s lifetime of expenses. #1in68 #passtheABLEact
Tomorrow Attorney General Eric Holder testifies before a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee. What questions do you want to hear him answer?
We're joining efforts to promote hiring veterans by cosponsoring the Hire More Heroes Act.
We'll be joining KASU Public Radio radio in about 15 minutes. You can listen live at the link below.
NA
It was a pleasure to welcome Doug Jones, Idaho Falls resident and president of Pro Rental & Sales Inc., to my Washington, D.C., office today for a discussion on the issues of importance to his business and businesses in Idaho.
Appreciate members of the Texas Farm Bureau traveling to DC for a good conversation today:
My prayers are with all in the Fort Hood community who have been impacted by today's shooting, including first responders who have been actively working to move people out of harm's way and secure the area. Our office will continue to closely monitor the situation and stands by to offer assistance as necessary.
Please join me in praying for those at Fort Hood.
"No way, Mr. President. We do not accept, we do not acquiesce in, this deplorable piece of legislation. The debate is not over. The debate will continue. It must continue." #FullRepeal of Obamacare!
Good for #Andiarios and Colombia for fighting for freedom of the press in Venezuela. #SOSVenezuela
Today's #SCOTUS decision is a victory for the First Amendment. The restriction that the Court struck down benefitted incumbent politicians by limiting the ability of Americans to support as many candidates as they choose.   Politicians in both parties have pressed this law to restrict the ability of citizens to participate in the political process, but our democracy works better when the free speech rights of the citizenry are unfettered.
Freedom and faith are intertwined, as our rights come from God, not government. The most important revolution was not fought with guns or bayonets, but was a revolution of radical ideas, that all men are endowed by their Creator – not by monarchs – with inalienable rights. Those radical propositions are what allow us today to pursue God free of the government.  Today, religious liberty has never been more under assault. We are called to action as believers, not to sitting quietly and hiding our faith under a bushel, but to stand and speak no matter what the consequence.
President Obama is dancing in the end zone while millions of Americans are still hurting from Obamacare. He has moved the goal posts so many times -- why should the American people believe him this time?   Obamacare wasn't working last year and it's not working now. We need a #FullRepeal of every word of it.
The Wyoming delegation met Wednesday outside the U.S. Capitol with members of the 2014 Wyoming L.E.A.D. Program. The program was established to promote leadership education in Wyoming’s agricultural communities.
I joined Senator Barrasso and Representative Lummis Wednesday on the steps outside of the U.S. Capitol to talk with Close-Up students from all over Wyoming. The program is dedicated to educating students about democracy & encouraging their participation in civic life.
The ReLIEF Act would allow health insurance providers to offer catastrophic plans to everyone and would deem these plans as meeting the minimum essential coverage requirement under #Obmacare.  My goal is to provide affordable insurance options and to give individuals who don’t want or need more expansive coverage options when purchasing insurance plans. 
My Phoenix staff is holding office hours Friday, April 4 in Chandler and Scottsdale. Information about times and locations is below. No appointments necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  CHANDLER, AZ 10:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Chandler Public Library, Copper Room 22 S Delaware St.  Chandler, AZ 85225  SCOTTSDALE, AZ  2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. Scottsdale Civic Center Library, Silver Room 3839 North Drinkwater Boulevard Scottsdale, AZ 85251  For more information contact Nick Hecker in my Phoenix office at (602) 840-1891.
Are you one of the millions being squeezed by #Obamacare’s new mandates? My #ReLIEF Act will help. Discussing on the #senate floor now.
NA
And the Ghost Town Recons get the win. Thanks for voting! Check back tomorrow when my Elite #8ofWaste #FinalFour tips off between the O'Care Hawkers and the Showy Staters.
Today I cosponsored the Hire More Heroes Act to help create job opportunities for those who have dutifully served our country. The bill would exempt veterans from one of Obamacare’s burdensome requirements that keeps small businesses from hiring.
Earlier today, I met with students from North Bend, Milford, and Clearwater-Orchard High Schools during their Close-Up trip to Washington, D.C. It’s great to see students engaged in the political process and involved in their communities.
Congrats to Creighton senior Doug McDermott recognized for his talent and contribution to the Bluejays!
This morning I had the opportunity to speak with University of Nebraska Interim President Linder and Regents to receive updates on the university’s recent work and discuss higher education issues at the federal level.
NA
NA
Attention students: This Saturday, the Nevada Delegation will host Academy Information Day to help provide information for receiving a Congressional nomination to one of our nation’s prestigious military academies. Please contact any of my offices for more information or to RSVP. http://1.usa.gov/1b6FW25
General Motors has a lot of explaining to do. We need to ensure that consumers are safe on the road. US taxpayers deserve answers. #GMrecall  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdVlrtcDcAQ
Great to see North Dakota natives & Olympic silver medalists Monique & Jocelyne Lamoureux.  You represent our state well!
Spirit Lake Tribal Chairman Leander R. McDonald testified at today’s Indian Affairs Committee in support of my Native American Children’s Safety Act.  This legislation would implement protections for Native American children placed by tribal courts into the tribal foster care system.   Read more about legislation: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/4/hoeven-indian-affairs-committee-holds-hearing-on-native-american-children-s-safety-act
Children, both on and off the reservation, deserve a safe home environment. The Native American Children’s Safety Act sets heightened standards for ensuring that homes are safe for Native American children in the foster care system. We appreciate Spirit Lake Chairman McDonald testifying in behalf of this important legislation that will help to protect children.
Enjoyed meeting today with three talented high schoolers from Wolford.
Our energy industry is creating good jobs to help get people back to work, and they can do even more. We can get our economy going and truly address our unemployment challenges with the right kind of pro-growth policies in place. The legislation we offered today will not only create good jobs for our people and grow our economy, but will help to boost energy production and make our nation more energy secure.
Always glad to meet with North Dakota high school students visiting Washington, D.C.
This week, I announced my plans to file a Congressional Review Act (CRA) report on all upcoming major EPA regulations, which will force Majority Leader Harry Reid to permit votes in the Senate as to whether the regulations can be implemented.  Powerline Blog wrote a great piece on the power of filing a CRA report and how it can bring to light the economic destruction of overregulation. http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2014/04/can-the-congressional-review-act-bring-the-obama-administration-to-its-knees.php
Our nation’s veterans are among the most responsible and loyal applicants in today’s job market, yet their unemployment rate is at 9% and continues to remain above the nation’s average. I joined @Senator Roy Blunt in introducing the Hire More Heroes Act of 2014, a bill that would encourage companies to hire more American veterans, while providing relief from the burdensome #ObamaCare employer mandate. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-senators-introduce-hire-more-heroes-act 
This week, the Senate is once again debating legislation to extend long-term unemployment insurance (UI) for the 12th time since the temporary federal benefit was created in 2008. After President Obama's failed $831 billion stimulus, what the Senate should be considering is true job-creation legislation. This is why I filled a package of amendments this week to the UI bill that includes 9 initiatives that would help create job opportunities across the nation.  It’s far past time to debate it; let’s get Americans back to work. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-jobs-package-to-senate-unemployment-extension-bill   
I asked National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Dr. Francis Collins and NINDS Director Dr. Story Landis about their recent work to get stroke survivors back to work. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/1lC8OsD 
The administration released #Obamacare enrollment numbers, but they haven't told us how many of those who signed up have actually paid for their policies. They need to be more transparent in explaining the difference between a click and a customer. 
#Illinois has nation's 5th highest number of unemployed #veterans. The Hire More Heroes Act will help change that.
Utah had great representation in the 2014 Winter Olympics.  Today I met with Sage Kotsenburg, Chris Fogt, Faye Gulini, Keith Gable, and Sarah Hendrickson, who are all from Utah.  I also met Stacey Cook and Brita Sigourney who train in Utah.  They were also accompanied by Larry Probst (chairman of the US Olympic Committee) and Scott Blackman (CEO of the US Olympic Committee).  I was honored to meet this inspiring group of athletes, and I join all Americans who are proud of their accomplishments.
Today’s shooting at Ft. Hood is a tragedy for the Killeen community, state of Texas, United States Armed Forces and the nation. I humbly ask all Kansans to join Robba and me in keeping victims and their families in our thoughts and prayers. As we wait for additional information on this terrible tragedy, we must reaffirm our commitment to protecting this country and its ideals from those who wish to do us harm.
Here’s my view from the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee Hearing this morning with the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Dr. Francis Collins and his colleagues. We discussed the administration’s Fiscal Year 2015 NIH budget request, and I expressed concerns that the administration is not sufficiently prioritizing the medical research.
Earlier today, I spoke with the United States Air Force Chief of Staff about the Pentagon's vision for Alaska -- and put in a good word for our state when it comes to the F-35s they're considering us for.
I had an amazing time in Fairbanks for the Arctic Winter Games this year, so when Fairbanks North Star Borough Mayor Luke Hopkins stopped by my DC office, I made sure to give him a copy of my Senate Resolution 387 which celebrates the 2014 Arctic Winter Games.
Proud to be an original cosponsor of the Hire More Heroes Act, a bill that incentivizes employers to hire more veterans by providing ObamaCare relief. When our troops come home, we should do everything we can to help them find a job.
Proud to have a great home state product in the office. Welcome to Kansas Mars Candy.
Today I introduced the Repeal Rationing in Support of Life Act because Obamacare shouldn't limit access to life-saving care.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=7cab7335-9e11-4454-b4a1-1d2c48ff57ee
ICYMI: In Twitter Exchange With Rubio, Cuban Blogger Yoani Sánchez Stands With Venezuelan People: http://1.usa.gov/1gobQsC  Washington, D.C. –Cuban blogger Yoani Sánchez, the author of Generación Y blog, today expressed her solidarity with the Venezuelan people in response to a Twitter question from U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL). Sánchez was hosting a question and answer session from Twitter’s Washington office.  Rubio used the hashtag #AskYoani to ask Sánchez what her message is for the Venezuelan protesters suffering under a political and economic system that Venezuela’s government is copying from Cuba. In her response, Sánchez expressed her support for the peaceful protests in Venezuela and said Cubans recognize their struggle.  Read Rubio’s question and Sánchez’s response below.  @marcorubio: Cubans suffer under system #Venezuela is copying.What message do you have, @yoanisanchez, for Venezuelans in this crucial time? #AskYoani  @yoanisanchez: @marcorubio #Cuba #AskYoani Mi apoyo a la lucha pacifica en #Venezuela y “no dejen que les levanten la jaula... ya nosotros la conocemos”
Senators Rubio, Thune Demand Answers From Administration On Internet Transition: http://1.usa.gov/QFEXmi  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and John Thune (R-SD), along with 33 of their Senate Republican colleagues, today sent a letter to Assistant Secretary of Commerce Larry Strickling, head of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), seeking clarification regarding the recent announcement that NTIA intends to relinquish responsibility of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions to the global multistakeholder community.   The letter expresses strong support for “the existing bottom-up, multistakeholder approach to the Internet governance,” and cautions: “We must not allow the IANA functions to fall under the control of repressive governments, America’s enemies, or unaccountable bureaucrats.”     The letter goes on to say: “The global community of Internet stakeholders should act deliberately and transparently as it formulates a possible proposal to transition the IANA functions to a nongovernmental entity. The multistakeholder model of Internet governance and the IANA functions are far too important for this process to be rushed or to be done behind closed doors.”   Among other things, the letter asks the administration to “explain why it is in our national interest to transition the IANA functions,” and how NTIA will ensure “the IANA functions do not end up being controlled, directly or indirectly, by a government or inter-governmental entity.”   ...
Senator Rubio Discusses ObamaCare Failure With Hannity: http://1.usa.gov/1pPMQj3  Rubio: “This is personal, it’s happening to people. You used to have health care coverage you were happy with, and now it’s not there anymore. The health care coverage you have costs more. You can no longer see the doctor or go to the specialty cancer center you once went to. They don't have answers for any of these things.”  
Just introduced #SEAJobsAct in the Senate to create jobs, strengthen USA’s energy independence, and help lower energy costs. It will reduce national dependency on dangerous countries for energy by reversing Obama’s moratorium on responsible offshore Atlantic energy production & dedicate 10% of new revenue to deficit reduction.
Read more about my SEA Jobs Act here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/sites/default/files/SEA%20Jobs%20Act%20Factsheet.pdf
Signing my newest jobs bill, the #SeaJobsAct, introduced today. Stay tuned for the details!
When parents have a choice, kids have a chance--school choice is a crucial tool for giving our kids a chance at a brighter future.
Thoughts and prayers tonight for everyone at Fort Hood.
Today is World #Autism Awareness Day. Share your Autism Kindness Acts story with #AKA #WAAD. 
Marta Gabriel, my Lehigh Valley regional manager, attended the ribbon cutting for the new PetSmart Distribution Center in Bethel Township, Berks County. The facility employs 300 and will be adding 200 employees by 2016. This is the pet care company's 9th distribution center, and was built to meet the growing demands of stores in the Northeast region. Also pictured are  Lieutenant Governor Jim Cawley and Congressman Charlie Dent.
“He said he would fail me if I ever told.” 
I am supporting a bill that would give businesses an added incentive to employ veterans or active military personnel who are covered under TRICARE or the VA because they would not have to count them toward Obamacare’s employer mandate. This legislation will help those who have served our country have the opportunity to find a job.
