Happy St. Patrick's Day!
NA
NA
Great to be with the Indiana Builders Association today in Indianapolis to discuss current economic issues across the state
http://www.indypolitics.org/post/79876077878
The number of people fed by our nation’s farmers has steadily risen over the years, and now the average American farmer feeds nearly 155 people worldwide.  National Ag Day was established in 1973 to increase awareness of the significant role of American agriculture.  We honor family farmers and ranchers and the researchers and businesses with which they work. Thankfully, Idaho’s approximately 25,000 farms and ranches are producing more than enough milk, potatoes, wheat, beef, onions, beans, seed and much more to feed fellow Idahoans, Americans and people around the world. 
After presentations on past fire seasons and projected cost of the looming season, we had a roundtable discussion with state and federal officials. #idpol #WildfireReform
Did you know that Aroostook County is celebrating its 175th anniversary?  Senator Collins took part in a ceremony and opened a time capsule, a potato barrel, sealed 25 years ago.  Guess what was inside? 
Not sure why I like this quote from EB White, but I do: "Farming is about twenty per cent agriculture and eighty per cent mending something that has got busted. Farming is a sort of glorified repair job."
Most transparent Administration in history? http://bigstory.ap.org/article/us-cites-security-more-censor-deny-records  
"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their consciences." -- C. S. Lewis (1898-1963), British novelist
As dire as things appear, I’m encouraged because people are waking up. I am convinced we will get back to morning in America. #MakeDCListen
What a sad state of affairs when the men and women putting their lives on the line to defend our First Amendment rights can’t even enjoy the benefits of theirs:
Unfortunately for many Americans, the Obamacare horror stories are very real. #FullRepeal
Cresco town mtg. 46 ppl Topics-FarmBill, Rx drugs, Borlaug statue, broadband, KeystonePipeline, Ukraine, jobs, Obamacare, CommonCore, energy
South Winneshiek HS in Calmar, 99 ppl Topics-Ukraine, Farm Bill, marijuana, budget-deficit, Pell Grants, internet regs, Obamacare
Oelwein Rotary-36ppl. Topics-Ukraine, Govt Dysfunction, Farm Bill, EPA Regs, Marijuana, Common CORE, Obamacare
MFL MarMac HS in Monona-44ppl-Topics-Ukraine, why become a Senator, college $$$, Obamacare, MinWage, ethics, IRS, Marijuana, gun control
It's Sunshine Week-sunshine is best disinfectant 2 root out waste fraud abuse of taxpayer$$$
Waukon HS-56ppl-?s about work as a Senator.  What's difficult? What's good? 1 issue ? about religion in schools
Take 2 The Pope in first yr is challenging all of us including us Baptists
In his first 370 days this Pope has focus attention our disregard for oldster,endless consumerism,throwaway culture&disrespect for unborn
Crimean referendum today after Georgia in 2008 means the Iron Curtain is coming down slowly between free world and Czar Putin Russia
Congratulations to the UND Women's Basketball team on winning Big Sky Tournament and advancing to NCAA Basketball Tournament! 
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Share if you agree that dyeing the #ChicagoRiver green is the best #StPatricksDay tradition.
With Joe Usibelli and one serious piece of machinery at the Usibelli Coal Mine.  Coal is an important and affordable energy source here in the Interior and needs to be included in any "all of the above" energy plan for our state and nation.
The missile warning system at Clear Air Force Station is the oldest in the country.  This morning I got a firsthand look at some of the radar operator’s equipment used up until 2001 to interpret the radar signals coming into Clear.  I'm glad new, top of the line equipment guarding us on the front lines of the Asia-Pacific region!
Congratulations to Colonel Teresa Bisnett!  She's the new commander of the US Air Force's 673rd Medical Group on JBER.
Starting my Parks Highway road trip today with a stop in Nenana.  Of course, I just had to stop to see how the tripod was doing.  Do you have your Nenana Ice Classic guesses in?
Great opening ceremony of the Arctic Winter Games at the Carlson Center. The community and the volunteers did a wonderful job putting on the ceremony and welcoming everyone to the Golden Heart City with open arms.  Good luck to all the athletes and go Team Alaska!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I had a great time marching in the Cleveland St. Patrick's Day Parade.
Thank you to the hard working folks at the Wolf Creek Nuclear Energy Center for the informative tour of their impressive facilities. Keep up the good work!
Spirited town hall in the beautiful and historic Chase County Courthouse this morning.
Great last stop of the day with the veterans at the American Legion in Hillsboro. Semper Fi!
Number 1 seed... way to go Shockers! 3 Kansas schools in the NCAA basketball tournament!
If you need help with a federal agency, my South Carolina offices are here to help! Visit www.scott.senate.gov for contact info. 
Happy Saint Patrick's Day.
Wicker Report | Mississippians understand the importance of preserving our Second Amendment rights. That is why I am a cosponsor of Sen. Cochran's “Gun-owner Registration Information Protection (GRIP) Act."  The bill would prohibit the use of any federal funding to support nonfederal gun registries, including those maintained by state and local governments.
