One of the highlights of the State Fair this week – serving lunch at the Missouri Cattlemen’s Association Beef House.
Obamacare navigators: "Paid $58 per application and $25 per annual renewal, these navigators will gain access to Social Security numbers, tax information and other sensitive personal information. They will not have to undergo background checks. The Department of Health and Human Services will not verify their employment histories. Nor will HHS check to see if they have criminal records."
Keeping Texas Red: Headed to Midland, Texas today for a Republican Party of Texas regional training session.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be a guest on ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos” tomorrow morning (Sunday) to discuss the violence in Egypt, his recent trip to the Middle East (http://1.usa.gov/1aeYzVn) and other news of the week. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://abcn.ws/14RxqGS.
Senator Corker returned today from a trip to the Middle East where he visited with U.S. and foreign officials in Turkey, Iraq and Jordan. The trip focused on regional political and security issues important to the U.S., including the violence in Egypt, the conflict in Syria and the threat of sectarian violence and terrorism in the region.  Corker’s trip revealed the significant way in which the recent expansion in violence threatens the region's security and America's national interest. “The spillover of the sectarian conflict in Syria poses a real threat to Iraq, and the growing humanitarian crisis, including the growing number of refugees and internally displaced persons, increasingly threatens stability in countries like Jordan and Lebanon. The U.S. must work with regional partners to return stability to the region and prevent the spread of extremism by supporting moderate, stabilizing forces,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1aeYzVn.
In govt, only way law violators are reformed isfor "heads to roll" NSA must act against any ppl who intentionally violate Americans' privacy
For all of u who Q PresObama constitutionality of suspending parts of ObamaCare  read 2day's WSJournal oped  ProfRosenkranz
The NSA violations recently reported by the Washington Post are very concerning. It appears the Obama Administration has abused the authority granted to them by Congress. Congress has an important role to provide oversight of the NSA, and I will work to investigate as to what laws were broken by the Administration. As we uncover any violations, it is important we strike a balance of civil liberty protections with intelligence collection against those seeking to attack us overseas and here at home.  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/08/17/inhofe-calls-for-hill-investigations-after-new-report-about-nsa-survelliance/
Verne and I stopped to admire the scenery while hiking back from a camping trip on the Eagle River last night.  Fabulous views!  Next trip will be all the way through to Girdwood over Crow Pass.
Held a round table at Channel Grove Marina to talk Lake Erie issues. Working to protect our Great Lakes.
Had a nice morning with a great crew on Lake Erie today.
Grabbed a steak burger at the Huron County fair tonight. Headed up to fish on Lake Erie tomorrow.
