"As we celebrate Independence Day, we especially honor the brave men and women who have fought and sacrificed for the freedoms that define our way of life and those who are currently fighting to keep us safe and free."
Today, we celebrate the birth of our nation and the principles of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  We also call to mind the generations of brave Americans who have served and sacrificed to secure our freedom. It's because of them that America remains a shining beacon of freedom in the world. I'll be participating in Independence Day celebrations today in Amherst and Merrimack. And I know that all across New Hampshire, residents and visitors alike will enjoy our state's many natural treasures. Whether you're celebrating at a parade, with a backyard BBQ, or going out to see the fireworks, I hope you'll find time to celebrate America's independence - and our cherished freedoms - with friends and family. Stay safe this holiday weekend.  And may God bless America!
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Fourth of July weekend. Let us always remember those who fought for our rights, liberties, and for the freedoms we enjoy today. #4thofJuly
Every year, we look forward to the Fourth of July holiday as an opportunity to celebrate with family and friends.  However, as we enjoy a day of fun, we must not let the significance of our nation’s birthday escape us.    Let’s take a moment this holiday weekend to celebrate our freedoms and reflect on those who paved the way for our nation.  We give thanks to the brave men and women who have paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect our liberty and our way of life, and we pray for those who are currently in harm’s way serving our nation.     God bless you and may God bless the United States of America.
I want to thank these submarine veterans for a ride in today's Bella Vista Fourth of July parade. Have a happy and safe Independence Day. Hope you enjoy the fireworks, bbqs, parades and concerts that help us celebrate our great nation today.
This Fourth of July, as we gather with our friends, neighbors and families to commemorate the birth of our nation, we have much to celebrate and many reasons for gratitude.   In a letter to his wife the day before the Declaration of Independence was formally adopted, John Adams wrote, “I am well aware of the toil and blood and treasure it will cost us to maintain this declaration, and support and defend these states. Yet through all the gloom I see the rays of ravishing light and glory. I can see that the end is worth all the means. This is our day of deliverance.”  As Adams knew well, our Founding Fathers risked much to fight for our independence, and today we live in a country where freedom is protected and liberty is enshrined in our laws.   Subsequent generations of courageous men and women have risked their lives and worn the uniform of the United States to preserve our great republic.  This weekend we celebrate our country’s heritage and heroes. We also commemorate the 200th anniversary of our national anthem and the flag that inspired Francis Scott Key to pen the words of “The Star Spangled Banner.”  The American flag has accompanied our armed forces into battle since the Revolutionary War. It has been draped over the coffins of heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice.   Old Glory has been present at the liberation of oppressed peoples and stitched on the uniforms of those delivering life-saving aid. This flag is known around the world as a symbol of hope. It even flies on the moon.   When I look at our flag, it reminds me of the sacrifices made by brave men and women throughout the history of our country – sacrifices that have saved and preserved our freedoms. It also calls each of us to commit to doing all we can to pass on the blessings of liberty to future generations.   I hope you enjoy time with your family and friends this weekend and celebrate “the land of the free and the home of the brave.”
Today we pause to celebrate our nation's independence and honor the brave men and women who have defended our great country for the past 238 years.  Wishing all Idahoans a happy and safe Independence Day!
Independence Day is an annual reminder that we are fortunate to enjoy the greatest freedoms in the world, but even more importantly, it reminds us that freedom is not free.  For generations, brave service members have made countless sacrifices to safeguard our liberties and preserve our way of life. These heroes have risked everything to make America stronger and safer and to bring freedom to other corners of the world.  May God continue to bless Texas and the United States of America on her 238th birthday.
On this Independence Day, may we celebrate all that makes America great and remember that the freedoms we cherish each day would not be possible without generations of brave individuals – from our Founding Fathers to the men and women in uniform today – who defend and protect the values that define America. I hope we will rise to meet today's challenges and leave behind an even stronger America for our children and future generations.
Thank God for the blessing of being an American. Happy Independence Day!
Happy Independence Day! Celebrate this special nation and may God Bless The U.S.A.
I'm honored to be spending this July 4th with some of South Carolina's and America's finest serving our nation in Afghanistan.
Happy Independence Day    Thank God for the enlightened ppl 239yrs ago who declared the establishment of an ExceptionalNation.
Just finished well established/attended Clear Lake 7/4th parade I walked w St Rep Linda Upmeyer One mile route but Two miles of participants
David Oman did very well substituting for jan Michaelson on WHO radio this morn
Senator Grassley wishes everyone a happy 4th of July!
As Nevadans gather with their friends and family to celebrate America’s independence, we remember the great American heroes who laid the foundation of a country that affords freedom, hope, and prosperity to those who call our nation home. Our Founding Fathers fought to protect and preserve brighter futures for generations to come, and, today, brave men and women are fighting for that very cause at home and abroad. We must never forget these brave service members, past and present, nor can we forget their daily acts of valor. No doubt, we live in the greatest nation on earth. Happy Fourth of July to all of my fellow Nevadans.
“The anniversary of our independence provides us all with an opportunity to reflect not only upon the liberties we enjoy, which have provided the solid foundation on which our great nation stands, but also on the blood and toil that has been spent in securing those liberties. Our members of the armed services from the time of our Founding Fathers through today have risked everything defending our lives and our founding principles. We must always remember the tremendous debt we owe to the living veterans of today, and we can best honor them by both fulfilling our promises to them and upholding those principles for which they have sacrificed so much.”
I wish each of you a Happy Fourth of July! God bless the men and women of our military, and God bless the United States of America.
It was 238 years ago that our nation declared its independence not only from Britain but from a government that had overstepped the reasonable boundaries of power. So began the world’s greatest experiment in human liberty. May we never forget the difference between governing ourselves and being ruled. Happy Independence Day. –rj
Share a photo of your #4thofJuly celebration on Instagram w/ #ILJULY4. Winning photo will hang in my office.
Have a safe & happy #4thofJuly. Please take a moment to honor all those who protect American values around the world!
I enjoyed spending the morning celebrating Independence Day with my wife and daughter at Provo's Freedom Festival parade.
Happy Fourth of July!  "For those of us who are concerned about the perpetual dysfunction and unsustainability of today’s government, it’s important to remember that advocating for the revival of America’s founding principles does not mean that we should return to the government we had 200 years ago.   "Our founding principles are not an answer key, but a road map—an eternal reference point to guide us as we attempt to solve contemporary social problems. To fix our big, broken government, we must turn for guidance to these principles and figure out how to apply them to the great challenges of our generation.  "Rather than focus only on reducing the size of government, we need a comprehensive reform agenda to address the increasing immobility among the poor, insecurity in the middle class, and special-interest privilege among well-connected Washington insiders.  "An anti-poverty, upward mobility, and anti-cronyist agenda would replace our distant, unresponsive, bureaucratic government programs with policies that build on, rather than crowd out, the institutions that are best suited to solve our social problems: a free enterprise economy, voluntary civil society, and local and state governments.  "Guided by the wisdom of the Declaration, such an agenda would make government more accountable to the people and better able to fulfill its primary purpose of securing the rights of the citizens."
Celebrating 4th of July with the Arizona National Guard today in Afghanistan - thank you for your service!
America Celebrates Independence Day  Senator McConnell: ‘We are grateful for the work of so many American heroes throughout history, and to those who continue to defend our freedom today.’  View a special Fourth of July greeting from Senator McConnell  http://youtu.be/6UbnZA6Yfpc
Robba and I also stopped in Wamego for their 143rd Annual Independence Day Parade – one of the largest in the state. The theme this year was “Long May She Wave – Beautiful & Brave.” I appreciated the opportunity to see so many patriotic Kansans come out to celebrate our nation’s independence and the freedoms we enjoy as Americans.
Robba and I had the pleasure of kicking off our Independence Day by participating in the Sundown Salute Parade in Junction City. The Sundown Salute is the largest, free Independence Day celebration in Kansas thanks to the generosity of many folks from across the state. It was great to visit with Kansans and veterans who came out to enjoy the festivities.
Independence Day is a special holiday – a time when we come together as Americans to celebrate our nation’s founding with parades, fireworks and barbecues. While celebrating this year with your family and community, take a moment to remember the sacrifices our veterans and current members of the Armed Forces have made to defend the freedoms enshrined in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. It is because of these sacrifices that America is still the land of opportunity and the greatest nation on Earth.
Happy Independence Day!  As we celebrate the 4th of July, it’s important that we take a moment to reflect on and appreciate the precious values that our country represents.   Happy 238th Birthday, America!
Today we celebrate the founding of our nation and take a moment to thank those who protect the freedoms we enjoy every day.
Franki and I wish you and your family a happy Independence Day. May God bless our men and women in uniform who are away from their families this holiday preserving our hard won freedoms.
Senator Rubio wishes all Americans a safe and happy Fourth of July
NA
Great #IndependenceDay at the city of North Charleston's celebration! #July4
Happy Fourth of July! Thank you to our men and women in uniform who help to keep America safe.
God Bless the United States of America.  #Happy4thofJuly.  https://t.co/YbszupyTLw
Proud to meet with troops at Ramstein AB yesterday. Great to be back on American soil for #IndependenceDay!
