Today marks National Adoption Day. Every day around the world, more and more children find themselves living without families. By some estimates, there are almost 200 million orphans or abandoned children in the world today. There are more than 402,000 children in the foster care system in the United States, and more than 10,000 of those in Missouri. Among those children nationwide, nearly a quarter are waiting for families to adopt them. As a father and a member of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption, I am proud to recognize the importance of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month in November. I’ll keep working with my colleagues in the Senate to pass legislation that will fix functional problems in the adoption process and that will allow adoptions to become a bigger part of our country to help bring more children into permanent, loving families.
Today is National Adoption Day. Adoption creates a forever family. Help me raise awareness about children in Arkansas in need of a loving family.
Hope you'll tune in to Fox News Sunday tomorrow. Find your local airtime: http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/fox-news-sunday/blog/2009/07/31/fns-local-air-times
MIT'Gruber comments on Obamacare brings proper attention to need of more transparency in govt Transparency promotes accountability in govt
MIT's Gruber comments on obamacare gives credibility to political leaders who warned abt arrogance of technocracy&massive government
Pelosisaid "we hv to pass bill so that we can find out what's in it"is better understood by MIT'sGruber words on voter stupidity&transparenc
“Yes, babies need parents. But so do 20-year-old young women.”  Those are the words of a woman who became a mother to a young adult daughter through a community program that helped them find each other.   Adoptive parents and children are never too old to come together.  Senator Grassley finds this family’s story inspiring on National Adoption Day.   Read more here.
Adoption holds a special place in my heart.    I currently serve as the Co-Chair of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption and have authored proposals to encourage domestic and international adoptions for American families. I have personally experienced the blessings that come with adoption through my granddaughter Marie, who was born in Ethiopia. For this month, and every month, let us remember the nearly 255,000 children that entered our nation’s foster care system each year or the millions more who live in orphanages overseas. And let us work together as a nation to help these children find permanent, loving homes and families.
Happy #openingday to all the #hunters out there! Photo credit goes to our chief of staff who's out hunting with his three daughters in Marquette county. #WIhunt
Casual Friday?  In Alaska . . .  my staff sports kuspuks or atiqluks. For those who don’t know, this is the traditional dress for many of Alaska’s first people!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y60oCIvDFW4&list=UUd5Nv9gL89TCR03kD2SfaIQ
Sen. Sessions will be on LIVE tonight at 9:10 PM ET on FOX News' "Kelly File" to discuss executive amnesty.
Enjoying the afternoon at the Citadel for the Charleston Animal Society's annual chili cook-off. Great food for a great cause!
November 22 is National Adoption Day!
