Today, Sen. Alexander and Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz announced that Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee will soon have the world’s fastest next-generation supercomputer. This new computer will support advanced scientific and materials research to improve economic and national security at five times the performance of the current system. Alexander has been an advocate for this technology and consistently supported legislation to improve our nation’s supercomputing technology.  Alexander said, “Once again the world’s fastest computer will be in the United States, and once again it will be at Oak Ridge. Supercomputing has helped Tennessee become a center for advanced manufacturing with the arrival of new companies, including several in the auto industry, creating thousands of good-paying jobs. Tennessee can continue to thrive and create many more good jobs with the use of this new supercomputer.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=08918961-e9c1-46e7-b0b9-33d9aef7ac42
Tell President Obama: No executive action on immigration. Stop ignoring voters. Stop ignoring the fact we’re a nation of laws.  Share this message and call 202-456-1111 to make your voice heard.
Must read column today from Charles Krauthammer notes that “Jonathan Gruber, a principal architect of Obamacare, [admitted] that, in order to get it passed, the law was made deliberately obscure and deceptive. It constitutes the ultimate vindication of the charge that Obamacare was sold on a pack of lies.”
What does Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber's comments reveal about the mindset of the law's authors?
Have you submitted a photo for the #Love4AR Instagram competition? Follow me @johnboozman and share a picture of what you love about our state. Here is an example of one of the places I love in Arkansas. This is a picture of Beaver Lake. I enjoy spending time here with my family
On this day in 1986, Hoosiers hit movie theaters across the country. This classic film is based on the 1954 Milan High School state champs.
It is long past time to end the needless delay and build the Keystone Pipeline.
A big thanks to Admiral Bobby R. Inman, U.S. Navy (Ret.) and members of my Academy Selection Board who met today in Austin to review and recommend candidates for nomination to one of our nation's prestigious military academies next fall.
Sorry Jonathan Gruber, you can't shake off the Obamacare deceptions. #FullRepeal
I'm thrilled to be in Austin to talk about the incredible opportunity the Internet has allowed and how we protect it.  We Texans are fond of saying don't mess with Texas. Now we need to say don't mess with the Internet!
If the Internet sales tax became law, small online retailers would have to comply with over 9,600 tax jurisdictions across the country. Big box stores don’t have to do that. And it’s just not fair.   #NoNetTax! Not now, not ever!
Ten Senators who voted for the Internet Sales tax last year have now been defeated or are retiring. The lame duck session may be their last, best chance to pass it.  We must say no. #NoNetTax. Not now, not ever!
A few weeks ago, as they were going to bed, Caroline and Catherine prayed, "Dear Jesus, please, please, PLEASE bring us a puppy."  Well, meet Snowflake, a rescue who has made two little girls unbelievably happy.
Small businesses are often at the heart of communities around Wyoming. I enjoyed having lunch with the Laramie Chamber Business Alliance Young Professionals on October 27 at the Library Sports Grill and Brewery. It’s great to see these young men and women working for their communities. #WyoWorks
Moving their headquarters from Colorado to Sheridan in 2011, Vacutech recognized the great business benefits that Wyoming offers. Vacutech manufactures high quality industrial vacuums, from car washes to dentist offices. Thanks to J.T. Tucker for the tour of the facility on October 29. #WyoWorks
While President Obama works to put our coal industry out of business, he’s encouraging China to build and develop theirs. The climate change agreement that was announced this week is a surrender of America’s interests now in exchange for China promising to honor a non-binding resolution starting in 15 years. This lopsided agreement could help grow the economy, put people to work, and keep energy rates affordable—in China. In America, this Administration’s policies are putting a dent in every family’s budget and this agreement continues that.  We’ll do what we can in Congress to put better policies in place, but the president is making it anything but easy.
Visited Holly Seed in Sheridan that produces and researches sugar beet seeds, a vital crop for the state of Wyoming and America. Thanks to Jim Fuller, Bill Sweem, David Harvey and Ron Groskopf for showing me what they do on October 29. #WyoWorks
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's attempt to regulate water where there is none lacks even a drop of common sense. It’s a blatant power grab at the expense of Arizona’s landowners, businesses, and overall economy. The EPA ought to abandon the proposed rule without delay and go back to the drawing board.
Regular bipartisan meetings can help foster the kind of productive relationships that will be critical for the Senate to live up to its reputation as the world's most deliberative body.
As someone who supports broad reform to our immigration system, I'm very disappointed with the action I'm hearing the president will take. It certainly doesn't seem like the right way to work with a new Congress.
Senator Grassley “likes” the new Facebook data center he toured in Altoona today. Read more about the data center and see photos here:
Glad to join Facebook data cntr opening in Altoona. IA green energy appealed to Facebook Facility will get electricity from wind
Applications for spring internships in Senator Grassley’s office are due tomorrow, November 15th.  More information can be found here:
China/Obama reach agreement on global warming China gets to expand coal use for 16yrs while Obama shutting down our coal utilities Fair?NO!
“Our nation’s nuclear deterrent has long been our most cost-effective means of defending our nation. I appreciate Secretaries Hagel and James for taking the time to meet with our servicemembers, whose dedicated work makes our nation safer, and for their commitment to provide the resources we need to address challenges impacting the base and support these important missions. I look forward to working with them in the new Congress to continue strengthening the missions in Minot, ensuring their vital role in our nation’s defense and nuclear deterrence strategy.”
"Our nation’s nuclear deterrent has long been our most cost-effective means of defending our nation. I appreciate Secretaries Hagel and James for taking the time to meet with our servicemembers, whose dedicated work makes our nation safer, and for their commitment to provide the resources we need to address challenges impacting the base and support these important missions. I look forward to working with them in the new Congress to continue strengthening the missions in Minot, ensuring their vital role in our nation’s defense and nuclear deterrence strategy.”
"I’m pleased the House has passed our bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. Representative Cassidy took the lead on our bill in the House. Now the Senate will vote on it Tuesday. Of course, we need to get sixty votes. If we don’t get 60 votes in the lame duck, then I will reintroduce the bill in the new Congress and I believe I have the votes to pass it then.  "Yesterday, President Obama made comments from Asia that directly contradict the findings of his own agencies. The State Department’s most recent environmental review found that the project will create approximately 42,000 direct and indirect jobs during the construction phase, which is why labor and business have made common cause in support of the Keystone XL project.  “Further, a report by the Obama Energy Department found that oil piped from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast refineries will stay in the United States, helping to reduce the price of fuel at the pump for American consumers and businesses.  “The Keystone XL pipeline is about energy, jobs, helping to grow our economy and increasing national security by increasing energy security. We do not want to depend on the Middle East for oil when we can produce it at home, along with our closest ally Canada. But to have a sound energy plan, we need the infrastructure to move that energy to market, safely and efficiently.”
“After months of effort, today we’re announcing very good news for Williston and western North Dakota, as well as eastern Montana. We’re going to have an FBI office in Williston, and that’s vital not only for addressing crime, but also for maintaining our quality of life.”
President Obama’s pledge to give unelected bureaucrats at the U.N. $3 billion for climate change initiatives is an unfortunate and unrealistic decision. His climate change spending priorities, estimated to be $120 billion since the beginning of his Administration, were on the ballot, and Americans spoke. In a new Congress, I will be working with my colleagues to reset the misguided priorities of Washington and focus on getting our nation’s debt under control, securing proper equipment and training to protect our men and women in uniform, and repairing our nation’s crumbling roads and bridges. These are the realistic priorities of today.    Read more here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-presidents-3-billion-climate-change-pledge
I traveled to Cloud County to visit Concordia Junior/Senior High School today and meet with students, school administrators and teachers. I often encounter a common theme in conversations during these visits. Kansas schools have no problem being held accountable – they simply ask that the federal government afford them sufficient flexibility to tailor education plans to the unique needs of their students. Rather than being forced to teach to a standardized test, schools need to have the flexibility to raise the bar and focus on preparing students for careers and higher education. As Kansas ranchers say, “If you want fat cattle, you need to feed them, not just weigh them.” We must prepare students for the challenges of life, not just standardized tests.  During my tour, I visited briefly with a government class and was interviewed by 8th Grader Kennedy Chrisco and her videography class. I was impressed with the students’ questions and their interest in the future of our country. Thanks to Concordia Junior/Senior High School Principal Bryce Wachs for hosting my visit. I also appreciated hearing from Assistant Superintendent Quentin Breese, Junior-Senior High Assistant Principal/AD Brandon Rice and Middle School Principal Derek Holmes.
This afternoon, I attended a service honoring the life of Dr. Dale E. Dean. He was my optometrist for many years, and was a kind and special person who cared about his patients, friends and neighbors. Dr. Dean provided optometric services to Stockton and the surrounding communities for nearly four decades. He also served in the United States Army during WWII from 1942 to 1945 in the European-African-Middle Eastern Theater. A dedicated family man who loved spending time with his children and grandchildren, he will be greatly missed. My thoughts and prayers are with his son Greg Dean of Stillwater, daughters Pam Hageman and Ginger Kollman, both of Stockton, and the many other family and friends who are mourning his passing. Robba and I extend our deepest sympathies.
It was an honor to catch up with Dr. Gary Morsch and his wife Vickie at the Johnson County Community College Foundation’s 28th Annual Some Enchanted Evening Gala over the weekend. Dr. Morsch was selected as the 2014 Johnson Countian of the Year for his commitment to volunteerism and service to others.  I have known Dr. Morsch for nearly 20 years and learned about his organization, Heart to Heart International, after being invited to tour the facility in Kansas City, Kansas. Their organization was instrumental in providing emergency medical services to Greensburg residents after the horrific EF5 tornado, and is always the first to provide aid when there’s a disaster or need in Kansas. Also to help combat the current Ebola crisis, Heart to Heart announced in October the construction of a clinic near the capital of Monrovia, Liberia, that will provide 70 beds for patients stricken with Ebola.  Additionally, Dr. Morsch practices family and emergency medicine through Docs Who Care, a medical staffing company he founded in 1993 to serve rural clinics and hospitals across the Midwest. Access to hospitals and quality health care services determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home, so this company plays an important role in helping to make certain rural towns can survive and flourish.  I believe the world is changed one person, one soul at a time, and Dr. Morsch is a great example of someone who has made and is continuing to make a real difference in the lives of so many in Kansas and across the globe. Congratulations to Gary and Vickie!
Each year, I consider making appointments to U.S. Service Academies one of my most privileged responsibilities as a U.S. Senator. Nominees are selected after vetting by board of Kansans through an application and interview process. Americans are fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country in the Armed Forces. I encourage you to watch the video below to learn more about the application process, and share it with young people who may be considering applying to U.S. Service Academies.
There’s still too many questions surrounding the allegations of misconduct within the AK National Guard.  When I requested an independent investigation, it said the allegations were unsubstantiated.  When Governor Parnell requested another investigation, that report reached diametrically different conclusions.  I’m asking the DoD to reconcile the differences between the two, and re-examine its evidence and conclusions.    http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=686436df-1f4c-46bb-922e-a882276d0be6
Today is Walter Soboleff Day, a day to commemorate the life of a distinguished and revered Tlingit elder and leader. Native leaders such as Rev. Soboleff are unique ambassadors of our history, land, and people. His service to the Native community and to our beloved state should serve as an inspiration to all of us.
What a talented and inspiring young man from Toksook Bay. As I’ve said before, when a young person knows their language, they know their culture – and studies have proven they perform better in the classroom, too! Keep up the good work, Byron!
I'm appearing on HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher tonight to discuss #ConservativeRealism and more. Tune in at 10pm ET!
Another example of the government getting in the way of American businesses. 
 MUST-READ: http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2014/11/14/rand-paul-cant-believe-what-the-govt-is-doing-to-businesses-and-he-let-one-official-know-it-publicly-how-can-you-show-up-to-work-with-a-straight-face/
Senator Roberts was on the Laura Ingraham Show this morning to discuss the President's attempt to grant amnesty by executive order, finally getting a vote on the Keystone Pipeline and the agenda for the new Republican Majority.  Click the link below to listen!
Senator Roberts appeared on FOXBusiness tonight to talk with Lou Dobbs about his efforts to stop President Obama's efforts to pass amnesty by executive order, open the Keystone Pipeline and achieve real regulatory reform.
I discussed my Opportunity Agenda last night on CNN with Don Lemon--you can watch below!
Happy Friday, PA! Check out my latest newsletter on protecting kids, #ALZ, bipartisan efforts, and #Veterans Day. http://1.usa.gov/116iqUi
Happy #birthday to inventor extraordinaire Robert Fulton – born today 249 years ago in Lancaster County, PA!
