Stay safe and visit Ready NH for the latest storm updates and emergency preparedness information.
NA
NA
Take a moment to listen to my interview on KMBZ Radio this morning discussing my opposition to Senator Hagel for Secretary of Defense, yesterday’s Benghazi hearings, and legislation I’ve cosponsored to help identify and treat people who are mentally ill.
USPS service changes, proposed GI Bill enhancements, immigration reform priorities and more in this Week in Review.
As we continue to seek ways to improve veterans’ benefits, this one commonsense change can go a long way toward increasing access to higher education for veterans. Our servicemembers face a unique challenge of establishing residency that often follows them when transitioning back to civilian life. By requiring schools that are eligible for GI Bill benefits to charge any veteran the in-state tuition rate, we can remove this barrier to affordable higher education for the men and women who sacrificed for our nation.
In our latest edition of "From the Mailbag" we discuss immigration reform.
This study demonstrates that expanding our domestic energy sources could immediately create millions of jobs and generate billions in revenue to reduce our federal debt, while also furthering our energy independence. Utilizing our diverse resources is central to energy affordability, economic recovery and national security.
News Release: Yesterday, I joined Senators Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and David Vitter (R-LA) in introducing the Phantom Fuel Reform Act.  This act would work to reform an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulation that adds millions of dollars each year to the cost of energy production.  This is another example of excessive regulating from the EPA that will pass costs onto the consumer.
Evidently, financial disclosure requested of Sen. Hagel is not "unprecedented"
White House approves of bill that denies American citizens protection of the US Constitution in tribal courts.  We can - and must - do better.
If POTUS's plan on government spending actually worked, don't you think we would be seeing some evidence by now, more than 4 years after the fiscal crisis?
Sadly, the Congressional Budget Office predicts unemployment getting worse, to 8% by years end
Gone to Texas
Why is WH determined to sell F-16s to Egypt but not Taiwan?
California vs. Texas
Austin, Texas ranked #1 city for small business; Houston ranked #8
Small business drives the U.S. economy, and Texas is leading the way:
Thanks to Dr. Ellen Ochoa and everyone at Johnson Space Center for the terrific tour of the campus today.
The cost of just interest on our national debt will overtake defense spending by 2020, according to the Congressional Budget Office. We can no longer delay cutting spending. Some pain now is better than a lot of pain in a few years.
The president’s proposal to avert the sequester (across-the-board spending cuts), set to go into effect March 1, exemplifies the problem we face here in Washington: raising taxes rather than making the important choices on spending reforms. Reducing federal spending must be the focus if we are to get back on a sustainable fiscal path. Our debt is out of control at more than $16 trillion, and we haven’t had a budget to spell out our fiscal priorities in almost four years. The president called for more revenue through tax reform, but tax increases do not equal tax reform.  Carefully cutting spending, rather than finding more ways to tax American families and businesses, will put America on a path to fiscal recovery.
Thank you Bridget Fargen from KOLN/KGIN 1011 News for taking the time to visit my DC office recently. In case you missed it, check out our meeting and learn about a typical day for me and my staff in Washington.
I talked 2 @gretawire re:my request w/SenLeahy 4 WH 2 release legal opinion on targeted killingsof Americans. Hope u can watch. 9 pm in Iowa
Met with employees& toured Polk County EmerGency Ops Center in DSM this afternoon. Talked about emerg policies and budget& funding.
Leahy & Grassley Press Administration For Legal Justifications To Kill American Citizens Using Drones
Guthrie Center Town Meeting
Look forward to serving as Ranking Member of the Banking Committee’s Subcommittee on Economic Policy. http://1.usa.gov/14Igxde
I joined Senators John Barrasso (R-WY), Mike Crapo (R-ID), Mike Enzi (R-WY), Orrin Hatch (R-UT), Mike Lee (R-UT), and Jim Risch (R-ID) in cosponsoring the Grazing Improvement Act. You can learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/V45DM3
Sec. Panetta and Gen. Dempsey admitted during the hearing what many of us have known all along: it was immediately apparent to the Obama Administration that the deadly assault on our Benghazi annex was unequivocally a coordinated terrorist attack.  We now know there was unanimous consensus among the President’s most senior national security officials about this fact, yet the White House willingly chose to mislead the American public and cover up the true nature of the attack for weeks. 
 
 It is unconscionable that four Americans had to die before this Administration realized its counterterrorism strategy in North Africa is under-resourced and failing.  In the months leading up to the attacks, our witnesses made clear the threats emanating from Libya against U.S. and Western interests were well known at the highest levels of the government.  But the warning signs went unheeded. With the growing unrest in North Africa, the Obama Administration must get serious about having a properly resourced, effective counterterrorism strategy to ensure this doesn't happen again.
I remain unconvinced that the President wants to solve sequestration, so I joined Sen. Ayotte and Chairman McKeon on a reasonable, common-sense solution to meet the immediate challenges of sequestration for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2013. This is accomplished by creating $85 billion in savings through natural attrition in the federal workforce, and without ever touching defense cuts or hiking taxes. The bill would also provide flexibility within the defense budget by granting the Secretary of Defense the authority to allocate funding under the current continuing resolution.  It's time the President puts political posturing aside and finally gets serious about working with Congress to find a lasting solution to sequestration. The men and women in uniform deserve nothing less.   http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b76b70e2-e0d6-4173-464a-646f6716cdfb  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54Q-V8XDIVg&feature=share&list=UUk3W3ilX8vGG-300qzNpG7w
As the President prepares for his State of the Union address, I encourage him to discuss the role entrepreneurs play in economic growth and job creation.  Since 1980, entrepreneurs and their young companies have been responsible for nearly all of the net job creation in the U.S. economy—creating an average of 3 million new jobs each year.    Read my letter from Sens. Warner and Coons via the link below.
Sequestration is scheduled to hit in 3 weeks and we still don’t know exactly what the impact will be for our military, our schools and so much of our state.  I am glad that the hearing I urged has been scheduled for next Thursday and I plan to finally get answers for Alaska.
The North Pole High School auditorium is packed and my live web stream is up and running!  Watch the last Eielson F-16 Scoping Meeting here: http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Social-Media
We ended last night's Eielson F-16 scoping meeting in Fairbanks with fiery testimony from Bernie Karl.  Tonight is the last meeting at North Pole High School.  Come out and show your support to keep the F-16s at Eielson!  Doors open at 6 and the Air Force presentation starts at 7.
Alright, Alaska - one more Air Force Eielson Scoping Hearing to give North Pole a chance to weigh in on the F-16 Aggressor squadron proposed move.  After two successful livestreams to Alaskans yesterday, my tech team is going to do everything they can to stream it live tonight from North Pole High School, starting after 6pm AKST. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Social-Media
Here's more from the Toledo Blade on our VAWA amendment that aids child victims of sex trafficking.
Hoping to have 2 big votes on Monday on human trafficking, including a vote on my amendment to the Violence Against Women Act and a vote to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, of which I'm a cosponsor.  You can learn more about our Senate Caucus to End Human Trafficking here goo.gl/bKcZj
I'm in favor of immigration reform. I'm also wary of reforms granted for a promise of border security later. Click on the link below, to read more from my op-ed.   http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/feb/8/sen-rand-paul-trust-verify-immigration-reform/
Sessions will be appearing on the Matt Murphy Show with guest host Cliff Sims at 10:15 a.m. CT. You can listen live here: http://bit.ly/dcFWeF
Great to meet Cathy Breazeale and Forrest Bundrick from Pickens and LaQuisha Chamblee from Liberty, SC in Washington this week!
Sen. Bob Casey and I will sit beside one another at the State of the Union address. While we may not always share the same views, we plan to work together – as we have in the past – to help our fellow Pennsylvanians. Bipartisan seating at the President’s speech is symbolic and sets a civil and cooperative tone for the challenging work ahead of us. Sen. Casey and I will meet that symbolism with action in this Congress.
