ICYMI: Sen. Alexander appeared on Fox News’s “Happening Now” with Jenna Lee and Jon Scott today to discuss his bill requiring weekly reports on Obamacare exchanges and problems with the website. Follow this link to watch the full interview: http://bit.ly/1aGjYSz
Yesterday Sens. Alexander, Corker and Blunt sent a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry concerning recent reports of more frequent, targeted attacks against Christian groups in Egypt. The senators wrote: “Egypt’s Christian minority and their ability to worship are in danger. The situation warrants a clear U.S. response.  We are especially troubled by reports that Egyptian authorities have failed to respond to attacks on Christians and churches, or hold perpetrators accountable. It is our view that Egypt is part of a broader trend: religious freedoms throughout the Middle East and South Central Asia, particularly for Christians, are under assault. The U.S. must respond to this challenge and continue to be a forceful defender of religious freedom throughout the world.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if this issue also concerns you. Follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1eJxskB
NA
A small business owner from Wentzville discusses how he is losing his family’s health care plan thanks to ObamaCare. If you’re facing similar challenges because of ObamaCare’s broken promises and want to stop this train wreck, share your story below.
The Obama administration knew the ObamaCare website wouldn’t work, thousands of American families are seeing their health care costs increase, and now this administration is going so far as to tell private insurance companies not to disclose enrollment information.
Please join me for a live tele-town hall TONIGHT at 8:30 pm (ET) 6:30 pm (MT). I want to hear your thoughts and questions on issues that concern you.   To join the conversation dial: (855) 756-7520 Pass Code: 22744#
NA
NA
Last month, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry signed the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty.  Despite the signature, the treaty still needs approval from two-thirds of the U.S. Senate.  Recently, I joined 49 other colleagues in a letter to the administration stating our strong opposition to the treaty and our intention to continue to oppose its ratification in the Senate.  Let me reassure you that I do not support gun control.  I firmly believe that international organizations like the United Nations cannot deny American citizens the right to bear arms.
Cornyn Applauds House Move Towards Patent Reform:
Cornyn Op-Ed: A Time for Republican Unity
Today on Fox News’s “America’s Newsroom” at 9:35am ET, Sen. Corker will discuss his letter to Secretary of State John Kerry about attacks on Christians in Egypt 1.usa.gov/1a4QhQj
In any political fight, when the truth is on your side, you are in a good situation. The truth is Obamacare isn't working. #MakeDCListen
Going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren to talk about how we #MakeDCListen. Tune in to Fox News at 6 pm CT and SHARE to spread the word!
It's been great being back in Texas. Thank you all so much for your support and encouragement.
 
 Together we are fighting to change Washington and #MakeDCListen.
Our nation’s capital and Roll Call pay tribute to the victims of the #SparksMiddleSchool shooting.
Today I visited the Central Illinois Regional Airport to see its economic benefits for the region firsthand. I'll keep working to ensure the air traffic control tower stays open there.
 
 http://1.usa.gov/16tVWyf
Zachary Fardon is officially U.S. Attorney for Northern #Illinois. He will fight gangs and corruption in our state.
I am going to be on Sean Hannity's TV show tonight to talk about the problematic launch of the #Obamacare exchanges.  Tune in tonight if you can.  If you can't, I wanted to remind you that you can subscribe to my youtube channel.  I will post the clip of the interview there after the show.
My Facebook page recently reached 100,000 followers.  Thank you for following me.  It is always helpful to read your comments and feedback.  I also appreciate everyone who takes the time to share posts and discuss the important issues facing our nation with friends and family.    Our country is facing significant challenges, but I remain convinced that for America the best is yet to come.  We have recently seen how hard Washington will fight to prevent change, yet I also see evidence every day that Americans are becoming more engaged in the dialogue about the future of our country.     I know we share the same passion and commitment to improve the nation we have today and to maintain the guarantee that the America of tomorrow will be bright for generations to come. So our work together has really just begun.    My dialogue with you over the coming months will include a number of issues I have been working on that are vital to our future:  - We must reform our byzantine tax code to make it more fair for working, middle class families.   - We need to fix our immigration system in an incremental, step-by-step fashion to keep the American Dream alive for those who want to come contribute in our great enterprise.   - We have to end the opportunity crisis in our system of higher education that is becoming a ticket to a years of indebted servitude instead of a ticket to the middle class.   - We must remain vigilant in protecting our constitutional rights by limiting the amount of information our government can collect and store about our private lives.    - We  need to recognize that our national debt just surpassed $17 trillion, and Americans are overwhelmingly united in demanding that we rein in the government spending.    I look forward to continued discussion with you, your friends and family on these and other important issues in the days and weeks to come.   Our challenges are great, and I need your help to get the results we all want.  I think 100,000 followers is an important milestone, but it is only a start.     To paraphrase William Morris:  "One man with an idea in his head is in danger of being considered mad: two people with the same idea may be foolish; ten sharing an idea begin to act, a hundred draw attention, a thousand and society begins to tremble, a hundred thousand… and the cause has victories tangible and real; and why only a hundred thousand? Why not a million and more…? You and I who agree together, it is we who have to answer that question."
My office is now accepting applications for spring semester internships. Congressional internships are a great way for Kansas students to learn about Congress while at the same time gaining professional work experience. Having worked as a congressional intern myself, I know what a valuable experience it can be.   I encourage you to watch the video linked below and visit the internship page on my website to learn more. Completed applications must be submitted for consideration by November 1.
Yesterday afternoon, I also stopped in Horton and visited with members of the community, hospital staff and officers from Rural Community Hospitals of America. We discussed the impact of Obamacare on Critical Access Hospitals and rural communities. Thanks to Horton Community Hospital CEO Chris Barlow for the invitation to visit.
This afternoon I toured Bradken foundry in Atchison. They have been in production for 141 years at this facility, manufacturing steel castings for the rail, transit, mining and construction markets. Thanks again to Kevin McDermed, President of the Engineered Products Division, for such an interesting and informative visit.
Learning about job training programs at the Alvis House Community Reentry Center. Had great roundtable on the Second Chance Act there today.
Visited Lutheran Metropolitan Ministry in Cleveland this morning. Great example of Second Chance Act funds being used in NE Ohio to help in community reentry.
NA
Martin Luther King Jr. wrote in A Letter From the Birmingham Jail that a just law is a law that applies to everyone.   WATCH, ‘LIKE’ and ‘SHARE’ if you agree. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BH6AOIV-xE
WIBW News reports Secretary Sebelius and HHS still in denial about the #Obamacare exchange #trainwreck. Sebelius says predictions of the exchange website's failure "didn’t come true." See for yourself:  http://www.wibwnewsnow.com/hhs-secretary-kathleen-sebelius-denies-radio-interview-records-message/
Rubio: Delay IRS Penalties Until ObamaCare Websites Work: http://1.usa.gov/18b9GZ3 VIDEO: http://bit.ly/1gEIMmC
Budget Committee Ranking Member Jeff Sessions released a new report today that revealed that the federal government has spent $3.7 trillion on means-tested welfare and poverty programs since President Obama took office—nearly 5 times greater than the amount spent over that time on NASA, education, and all transportation projects combined.
NA
The iPhone was created in 3 years with $150 million. HealthCare.Gov was cobbled together in three years for triple that.
Sad to see such a storied ship sold for scrap. Sen. John McCain served on USS Forrestal. She was decommissioned in 1993 in #Philly.
Bucks County resident: "My healthcare [costs] will triple...The president promised 'you can keep your plan.' I can... I just can't afford it."
