Senators Shaheen and Ayotte released the following statement after voting to confirm Landya McCafferty as the next federal district court judge for the District of New Hampshire: "Landya is exceptionally qualified and experienced and will be a great addition to the federal bench for the District of New Hampshire. We look forward to her service as the first woman to hold this position in our state now that the Senate has cleared her historic nomination."
Millions of Americans are being forced off their current health care plans, losing access to their doctors, and facing higher premiums and deductibles thanks to ObamaCare. I want to hear how this flawed law is impacting you and your family. http://bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
Last evening, I spoke on the Senate floor about the failures of #Obamacare, pulling largely from my floor speeches from ’09. What I said 4 years ago still stands true today.
Technology comes in handy while we try to wrap up work in DC. Right now, I'm skyping with Dr. Eric Wailes' Domestic and International Agricultural Policy class at the University of Arkansas  and talking about the Farm Bill
Today the Northwestern Indiana Regional Planning Commission (NIRPC) voted in favor of the Illiana Expressway. This is an important step toward beginning construction of the Illiana Expressway, and I commend NIRPC for moving the development process forward. This critically important project will stimulate new economic activity and job opportunities in northwest Indiana. Given the fiscal constraints our nation is facing in Washington, the Illiana Expressway is a forward-looking solution that leverages innovative private sector funding sources.
NA
During the same Banking Committee hearing on Iran sanctions, I asked Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman, one of the top negotiators on Iran sanctions, why it was that in the run-up to the October talks, the United States released a convicted Iranian proliferator from a California prison, but had no relief for our detained Americans?  In fact, during that time, Pastor Saeed Abedini was transferred to one of the worst prisons in Iran.  Why have we not made progress in the context of the release of our own citizens when we are releasing Iranian prisoners who are known proliferators? Watch the full exchange here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tzq0nFUKow&feature=youtu.be
I was very disappointed to learn that the release of Idaho’s own Pastor Saeed Abedini, and other Americans unjustly held by the Iranian regime, were not made part of the interim agreement on Iran's nuclear program.  I could not imagine a better confidence-building measure on Iran’s part than for the regime to reflect some degree of humanity and principled justice by releasing these brave Americans.  As the administration embarks toward a final agreement, every effort must be made to bring Pastor Abedini and his fellow Americans home where they belong.  Read my full opening statement from today’s Banking Committee hearing on Iran sanctions here: http://1.usa.gov/1bzZtdy
During a Senate Banking Committee hearing on negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program, Senator Corker said the interim agreement requires “no sacrifice” of Iran and that the sanctions relief being offered by the U.S. risks creating “a rush” to do business with Iran.  “Once you begin loosening sanctions, and people begin to see that Iran is now going to become not a rogue country but part of the international community…there is a rush…to do business with them.  And I think that’s why we’re all concerned that we did an interim deal that has no sacrifice on their part whatsoever,” said Corker.  “Obviously, we’re disappointed but hopeful that somehow you can put the genie back in the bottle and end up with some type of agreement that averts warfare.  Because of all of us do want this to succeed.  We just don’t know how we get there with an interim deal framed in this way.” More available here: http://1.usa.gov/19kA5cm
It was an honor to welcome Naghmeh Abedini to Washington today. Her faith in the face of her husband Saeed's cruel persecution in Iran is an inspiration. #FreeSaeed
The new budget deal moves in the wrong direction: it spends more, taxes more, and allows continued funding for Obamacare. I cannot support it.  Under the sequester, Congress took a small step forward by reducing spending by 2.4 percent. We should increase that number while protecting the military from disproportionate cuts.   Instead, this proposal undoes the sequester's modest reforms and pushes us two steps back, deeper into debt. Supporters of this plan are asking for more spending now in exchange for minor changes that may possibly reduce spending later. That may be a fine deal for Washington, but it’s not for the American people.
Why millions of Americans now have to #GetCovered:
In 2005, Congress bought into the corn ethanol mandate for billions of dollars, and taxpayers have been stuck with a lemon ever since. Congress can no longer justify a policy that props up the ethanol industry at the expense of taxpayers, consumers, the hungry and the environment. I am pleased to cosponsor The Corn Ethanol Mandate Elimination Act of 2013, which calls for a full and immediate repeal of that policy.
Today I was pleased to join U.S. Senator Mike Johanns on the Senate floor to share lessons from Nebraska’s open, collaborative legislative process with the United States Senate. We're working hard to bring some Nebraska commonsense to Washington.  #NebraskaWay Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5i0Psbv3eE&feature=youtu.be
PLEASE SHARE WITH YOUR FRIENDS ON FACEBOOK:  I just released this statement along with Tim Scott and Rep. Mick Mulvaney that officials at Shaw AFB have restored the Nativity scene.  “We are pleased the Nativity scene has been restored at Shaw Air Force Base. From the start, our offices have been in touch with Shaw officials expressing our concerns about this matter. We appreciate the Air Force for listening to our complaint, keeping the Nativity scene on base, and moving it to the Chapel.”
ICYMI: Heller: Nevada veterans have longest wait for VA benefits via Las Vegas Review-Journal: http://bit.ly/JbHfoX
Our founding fathers intentionally set out in the very first amendment to the U.S. Constitution to protect religious institutions from government.It’s not the federal government’s job to pressure people or private business to change policies or values that run counter to their moral beliefs. I’ve joined Sen. Lee in introducing legislation to ensure those who hold the religious conviction that marriage is between a man and a woman are protected from any attempt by the federal government to deny them a tax exemption, grant, contract, license, certification, or similar provision as a result of their religious value.  http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2013/12/11/mike-lee-authors-bill-to-protect-churches-from-being-pressured-into-recognizing-gay-marriage/
The impacts of an intrusive federal government... Please visit my website at Inhofe.Senate.Gov/Feedback/YourStory to share #YourStory.
Victims of Government: Kathi's Story
"I want to emphasize that this is about so much more than just a website. In many respects this administration would like us to focus more on the website because the website is the thing that can be most easily fixed. The bigger problems relate to the fundamental unfairness of the law - the fundamental unworkability of the law. It's what is behind the website that is most troubling, that is causing millions to lose their health coverage."
In these tight budget times we need to make the most of the resources we have, which is why I am so pleased that my amendment to transfer surplus Army C-23 “Sherpa” aircraft from Oklahoma here to Alaska has been included in the bill released by the House and Senate Armed Services Committees.  These eight Sherpas have just been sitting on the tarmac unused, and I know that here in Alaska they can help with disasters like the ones we saw in Galena and with the Western Alaska storm.  To me, this is just common sense.
Tis the season for giving, and for spending quality time with family.  My Mat-Su staffer Gerri did both this week as she volunteered for the Salvation Army's annual Red Kettle Campaign with her daughter Kenzie and granddaughter Dani.
Secured important commitment from key Senate leader to work toward extending health tax credit for Delphi salaried retirees.
Working to fix nonsensical EPA regulation that promotes rampant government waste, forcing communities to trash over $1 million of equipment.
In case you missed it: Earlier today, I took to the Senate floor to oppose Senate Democrats' use of the so-called nuclear option, stating that "The death of the filibuster is death of dialogue."   Watch my floor speech here: http://bit.ly/1e8HwY4
And so it came to pass, that the filibuster was dismembered, dishonored and indefinitely detained...  Hear my entire floor speech LIVE here:http://www.c-span.org/
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Budget Deal Fails To Stop Washington Spending Problems: http://1.usa.gov/1jS11nE  Rubio: "Instead of setting priorities based on the limited role government should be playing in our lives, this budget deal calls for higher spending and more revenue to feed a larger government. This is not a solution; it's an exacerbation of Washington's spending problem."
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Opposes Budget Deal On “The Kelly File": http://1.usa.gov/1d9iP8v  Rubio: “The fundamental problem that we have here is that we have a government that continues to spend more money than it takes in.”
Excerpt from AL.com article on Sen. Sessions’ efforts to protect the victims of child abuse:  "‘As a former prosecutor and Attorney General, I have seen firsthand the dramatic impact that children's advocacy centers have made in improving our nation's response to these terrible crimes,’ Sessions said in a statement today. ‘Since the Victims of Child Abuse Act was introduced more than two decades ago, we have seen substantial improvements in the investigation of these heinous acts and the vital care provided to child victims. Protecting our children is the highest moral duty we have. I am proud that the first Children's Advocacy Center is in Huntsville--this amazing organization does such crucial work on behalf of our nation's children...   The Victims of Child Abuse Act plays a critical role in protecting our nation's children and we must reauthorize it.’”
Heading to the Senate floor to speak about #Obamacare and the #nuclearoption
Congratulations to Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder and NL MVP, Andrew Mccutchen and his now fiance, Maria.  Yesterday, on the The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Andrew popped the question! http://bit.ly/18mjgz6
When my son Patrick and I were a little less senior. (He’s 12 now.) #tbt
#Obamacare puts our volunteer firefighters on the hook. Congressman Lou Barletta and I are working hard to change that.
This day in 1787: Pennsylvania becomes the second state to ratify the U.S. Constitution. #tbt
So absurd: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency rules malfunctioning fire hydrants may only be replaced with lead-free hydrants that might not exist.
NA
