LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that Americans don't need more promises from the president about health care.
 
 After the president's press conference today, Alexander said: "The 5 million Americans – including 82,000 Tennesseans – losing their health care plans know that, after too many broken promises from this administration, the details matter. The president should send his proposal to Congress to consider and give Americans the certainty of law over rhetoric.” http://1.usa.gov/17wFmyi
Watch Sen. Alexander discussing #ObamaCancellations in Tennessee – and LIKE or SHARE if you agree that Tennesseans like Emilie should be able to keep the health care coverage they have. http://bit.ly/1gOg9CK
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Sen. Alexander on FOX News: “You could fit everyone who signed up for Obamacare in the first month into Neyland Stadium – and still have room for the ‘Pride of the Southland’ marching band.”  Please LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Alexander: “This demands that the president put his promise into law and allow Americans to stay on the health care plans they have.” http://1.usa.gov/1a5LEUp
The president’s announcement today is literally the least he could do in the wake of his broken promises. Unfortunately, millions of Americans will still find themselves facing fines without any realistic way to get health insurance as the president essentially shifts the blame to states and insurance companies.  Americans deserve better than the ObamaCare train wreck, which is why I'm still fighting to replace this disastrous law with a system that puts patients and doctors in charge of their own health care -- not Washington bureaucrats.
Today I spoke with the White House to continue urging the president and his administration to secure the release of Pastor Saeed Abedini, an American who has been imprisoned and subjected to horrific treatment by the Iranian government.
President Obama’s attempt at political damage control today did absolutely nothing to provide relief for the damage already inflicted on individuals who already had health care coverage and the entire health care industry as a result of Obamacare.  Click below to read the rest of my statement.   http://1.usa.gov/1cZspzx
If you missed Kathleen’s story, which I shared on the Senate floor, you can watch it by clicking below.
I’ll be on the floor a little after 10am today to share one constituent’s #Obamacare story. #yourstory  Click below to watch the live stream from CSPAN 2.
The President is just trying to shift the blame for policy cancellations to the insurance companies. His solution is for them to work it out somehow, essentially letting Americans keep their insurance for another year, only to have it taken it away after the election. It’s not a real solution and it will likely result in further pains for the American people. The only real fix is to repeal and replace Obamacare.
NA
I'm looking forward to joining Gretchen Carlson on Fox News at 2:00 pm (ET) 12:00 noon (MT)  to talk about how the President's “fix” won’t work and how his entire law is broken.
President Obama’s administrative “fix” is merely a political band-aid and is not a permanent cure for Americans.
From cancellation notices to increases in premiums, today I discussed Obamacare stories from two Hoosiers who have been adversely affected by the president's health care law.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCLs-OefIG4&feature=c4-overview&list=UUipTNiqJBYHutxpMxo0UOYw
NA
NA
I spoke on the Senate floor today to share the experiences of Jennifer and Kelly, both from Idaho, who are among the millions Americans facing new hardships as a result of the health care law. Over 100,000 in Idaho have received cancelation notices announcing their current health plans are being discontinued despite the oft-repeated promise that Obamacare would protect existing plans. Americans are angry that the government is forcing them out of the coverage they like and works for them.  The president’s announcement today gives only some Americans an additional year of relief from the failures of Obamacare, but it leaves the law on the books and doesn’t address the tax hikes, the vastly escalating insurance rates or other problems.  Idahoans and the American people want a permanent solution for these drops in coverage, not a temporary fix that exacerbates public confusion about Obamacare.  Watch the video below.
Banking Committee Ranking Member Crapo delivers his opening remarks at the nomination hearing of Janet Yellen to lead the #Fed. #idpol - Staff
This morning, at the second public meeting of the Senate-House Budget Conference, the committee heard from the head of the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) Doug Elmendorf.  Director Elmendorf confirmed in his opening testimony that we are on an unsustainable path with our growing debt.  Along with building on the spending cuts that have already been achieved, a top priority right now must be to enact pro-growth tax reform that flattens the base and lowers the rates.  Director Elmendorf confirmed to the committee that this type of reform would have a positive stimulating impact.  Watch our exchange below.
Today, Senator Collins took to the Senate floor to share the stories of Mainers who tell her they fear losing their doctors and are witnessing the costs of their health insurance soar because of ObamaCare.  "One of the major reasons that I strongly opposed the 'Affordable Health Care Act' was that there is nothing affordable about it...  Repealing ObamaCare's poorly crafted and misguided mandates and replacing the law with a fiscally responsible reform plan that contains costs and provides more choices is the best path forward."
Sen. Cornyn Statement On National Adoption Month:
PHOTO: Great talking to State Rep. George Lavender from District 1 yesterday.
Cornyn: Hard-Working Texans Are Not the President’s Puppets:
Senator Corker released the following statement today in reaction to President Obama announcing administrative changes to his health care law.    “I’m glad President Obama is attempting to make good on a promise he made repeatedly to the American people, but it only offers temporary relief. Those who have received cancellation notices will likely receive them again a year from now,” said Corker. “So while this administrative action will provide some needed, temporary relief to a number of Americans, the fundamental problems with Obamacare go far beyond a broken website and cancellation notices. Because of the way the law is constructed, this fix may even cause other problematic consequences.”  In an interview on WKIM Newstalk 98.9’s “Talk Memphis” radio show prior to the president’s announcement, Corker discussed a number of problems Tennesseans are facing due to Obamacare.  “Tennesseans and Americans all across this country [are under] tremendous emotional distress as their policies have been canceled. They cannot get on the exchange to buy a new one, but even when they do, in many cases, they are realizing the cost of what they are having to purchase is far more than they ever anticipated,” said Corker.   Read more: http://1.usa.gov/HTrUsS.
NA
The only way to stop the problems with Obamacare is to admit this idea was fundamentally flawed to begin with. We need a #FullRepeal.
On the Senate floor today I shared the story of Grete from Laramie who wrote to me about losing her health insurance plan that she liked thanks to the president’s health care law. I also talked about the 2,600 people in Wyoming who are losing their health care coverage they liked. Click the link below to watch the video.
Today I joined Senators Ayotte and McCaskill to introduce an amendment to the NDAA that will strengthen protections for victims of sexual assault in the military and enhance accountability.
Thousands of Nebraskans have received cancellation letters from their health care providers and face skyrocketing premiums due to Obamacare. This is just one of the countless stories that I have heard from frustrated Nebraskans.
Millions of Americans are losing the current coverage they have and like because of the Affordable Care Act. Today I spoke on the Senate floor to share a few of the stories of hardworking Nebraskans who have contacted my office with concerns about how this disastrous law has increased their health care costs and destroyed their current plan.
It's a duct tape solution for a problem that's not going to be fixed by duct tape.
Senator Grassley spoke on the Senator floor today on the failures of the health care reform effort, saying, “What the President sold the American people was a gift-wrapped bag of Washington's hot air.” Watch Senator Grassley’s full speech below, or read it here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47469
Sen. Grassley today joined Robert White of Ames to raise awareness about the importance of adoption during National Adoption Month at an event honoring adoptive families nationwide.  Robert and his wife, Sharon, have been long-time advocates for adoption.
#TBT to 2007 when I met with Condoleezza Rice.
ICYMI: Yesterday, I shared Nevadans’ #ObamaCancellation stories. WATCH:
Our prayers are with the Senator and his family as they lay Dr. Perry Inhofe to rest this afternoon. -Staff http://bit.ly/HYeoDI
Manufacturers employ 592K workers in #Illinois and account for 13.3% of our state's economic output. My bill with Sen. Chris Coons and Congressman Dan Lipinski would make American manufacturing more competitive and create jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1fEuCOp
Today the President signed into law Senator Dick Durbin's and my bill improving access to epinephrine pens in schools. It will save lives.
 
 READ MORE: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=928
I would like to thank those who have shared their experience with #Obamacare.  I was able to share a few of these on the Senate Floor today:
I would like to thank everyone who is taking the time to participate in my tele-townhall.  You can learn more about how to participate in these events by visiting lee.senate.gov #utah
My monthly tele-townhall is starting now.  You can participate on Facebook by clicking this link: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
The President can’t snap his fingers and make all the problems with this terrible law go away. The fact is, the law’s problems run much deeper than implementation. The true issue is the flawed underlying basis for the provisions of the Affordable Care Act: the idea that the government must determine what coverage is acceptable for Americans, regardless of what Americans want. Continually bandaging the gaping wounds caused by this assertion does nothing to solve the problem.    Rather than working with Congress on a solution, the President again wants to issue an executive mandate in an attempt to give Democrats political cover for next year’s elections. The President needs to stop prioritizing political damage control over real policy solutions while millions of Americans are losing their health insurance due to his broken promise.
Today, I shared Michael of Newton, Kansas' story on the U.S. Senate Floor about the real-world impacts of Obamacare. I encourage you to listen to his story via the link below.  Kansans are struggling under the consequences of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. So many times it’s suggested that this is just a problem with implementation or with the website, but the problems that Americans and Kansans are facing today really is the crux – it’s the theory and provisions on which the Affordable Care Act was based.
Even from 4,000 miles away, I am watching the storms hitting our Bering Sea communities closely.  Kotlik, Scammon Bay, Tununak, Savoonga, Gambell, Teller, Stebbins, Unalakleet, Shishmaref, Saint Michael and Nunam Iqua are assessing the damage done so far and some community leaders are declaring local disasters.  With homes being washed away into the sea, many families are seeking refuge in schools and dealing with food and water shortages.  Today, I cornered BIA Assistant Sec. Washburn in the halls of the Capitol to brief him on the situation. I have put him in contact with local tribal organizations that are coordinating disaster response and he assures me he’s going to look into what the BIA can do to help.
President Obama’s so-called ‘fix’ today does not keep the promise made to Alaskans and it does not fix the problem of health care costs or access to care.  He punted health care cancellations for another year, but didn’t resolve any other issues with the law. He punted the discretion to deliver on this ‘keep your health care’ promise to health commissioners across the country.  He punted on fulfilling his promise for a year back to the health care insurance companies.  The President’s promise was pretty simple – if you like your health care plan, you can keep it.  Period.  Now, in response to a spectacular failure of a rollout of the exchange and the outrage of millions of Americans, he has recalibrated.  Now you can keep your health care at least for the next year if your provider will reissue it.
Last night, I appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity to discuss my recent foreign policy speech at The Citadel. We should not engaged in war for a negotiated settlement, like President Obama has been talking about. We fight when our national security is at risk and we fight for complete victory.   WATCH, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKgYBJus81Q
President Obama finally admitted today that his pledge to keep your current plan ended up not being accurate.
Beth, from Tribune, doesn't understand why her disabled son's insurance is being cancelled because of Obamacare. They liked what they had and it worked for them.  They should be able to keep it.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about Beth, from Tribune, Kansas and her family's struggles with Obamacare.   Her son’s insurance is being cancelled the first of January.  To replace his policy with a similar plan, it’s going to cost far more than the $750 monthly premium Beth pays now. Beth is not alone. More than 9,000 Kansans have lost the plans they like due to Obamacare.
Attention all college students! The deadline for spring internship applications for my Washington DC office is this Friday, November 15th.  Get your applications in! http://ht.ly/qMJ1s
Just a few of the folks who visited with Senator Rubio at today’s Constituent Coffee. Thanks for coming out!
Foreign Relations Committee Unanimously Approves Rubio Bill To Increase Accountability Of Foreign Aid: http://1.usa.gov/17wF6zm  Washington, D.C. – The Senate Foreign Relations Committee today unanimously approved S. 1271, The Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2013, a bill sponsored by U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Ben Cardin (D-MD). Among other measures, the bill requires regular evaluations of foreign assistance programs to be made publicly available to the American people.   The bill is now pending further action by the full Senate.   “As we see the ongoing devastation in the Philippines, we are again reminded of how important an engaged America is for the world,” said Rubio. “Foreign aid is a key pillar of our nation’s foreign policy that can advance our national interests. The American people deserve more information and answers about whether these commitments abroad are worth the sacrifice given our own domestic challenges...
Senator Rubio Highlights Destin Senior Who Lost Her Doctors Under Her Medicare Advantage Plan, Faces Higher Costs: http://1.usa.gov/1hIVzow   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) delivered the remarks on the Senate floor today highlighting the case of Michelle Hatley, a Destin constituent who was forced to change her Medicare Advantage plan because ObamaCare regulations resulted in her insurer removing a medical center from her network. Ms. Hatley is now paying more money on a new plan that allows her to continue seeing her six doctors. The transcript follows below. For TV stations interested in airing a portion of the speech in broadcast quality video, visit here...
In case you missed it, here's the speech I gave today on the Senate floor on the harm that Obamacare is doing to South Carolina families: http://youtu.be/HEAEgWgDE4w
Preparing to speak on the floor of the Senate on #Obamacare, you can stream at www.cspan.org or watch on CSPAN2.
The President’s announcement is, at best, a temporary fix to postpone this disaster until after the next election.
Here is my statement on the President's announcement today.  “The President’s announcement is, at best, a temporary fix to postpone this disaster until after the next election.  This is little comfort to the millions of Americans who will now lose their insurance coverage next year.   “Moreover, ObamaCare forced insurers to wipe out many popular plans.  It remains unclear whether this temporary measure will result in these plans being recreated.”
I will be questioning Federal Reserve Chair nominee Janet Yellen in the Senate Banking Committee soon.
It was great to meet with Mark Neidig, executive director of the Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation in Erie. Mark updated me on the success of the GenV machine, which killed 100 percent of liver cancer in pigs, without side-effects. The next step is to submit findings to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. It is an amazing story of innovation and hope and I am anxious to hear about the results of the clinical trials.
NA
