Happy to visit the Boys and Girls Club of Little Rock and present a grant from DOJ for providing mentoring to city youth.
Excerpt: “It is with grave concern that we read reports in The Atlantic that public, yet anonymous, vulgar and disparaging characterizations of Prime Minister Netanyahu are being made by those whom work and speak on your behalf. Israel has long been one of our country’s closest allies, and we believe that attacks of a personal nature on its current head of state are wholly inappropriate, unacceptable and disgraceful.”
I started the day off with breakfast and a discussion on our national debt on the shores of Lake Coeur d'Alene at the Landing Restaurant in Harrison.  Thanks to all those who came out! #idpol
Got a great update yesterday from the new president of UT-Rio Grande Valley, Dr. Guy Bailey, and the founding dean of the UTRGV medical school, Dr. Francisco Fernandez, as well as several local stakeholders about the latest plans for the upcoming medical school and other details on the bright outlook for the newly minted UTRGV.
Accountability Needed for HHS Response to Ebola Crisis:
Joined my Texas colleagues today to send a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services expressing our concern about how existing public health resources were used in response to the outbreak of Ebola in the United States.  We need accountability!
#ScaryStoriesIn5Words Still no answer from FAA
Toured Cody Laboratories to see how they research, develop and produce important medicine right here in Wyoming. Special thanks to President Bernhard Opitz and Director Ryan Osborne for the tour of their facilities in Cody on October 21. #WyoWorks
Visited this hauntingly decorated hotel/restaurant in Wyoming last week. Can you name this famous building?
Today, I had the honor of visiting with members of the Nebraska Army National Guard ahead of their deployment to the Middle East in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. To these members of the 195th Special Operations Forward Support Company, I wish you the best of luck and pray for your safe return.  Thank you for your service to our country.
From the Inhofe staff, have a safe and sweet evening of trick-or-treating.
What’s scarier than Halloween?   EPA overreach. The EPA is overreaching their authority by imposing $15 billion in new regulations on the refining industry.  These regulations will bring no meaningful improvement to the environment and are not addressing any actual risks that EPA has identified.  In fact, the only thing these regulations will do is push gasoline prices back toward $4 per gallon. When it comes to Halloween, no zombie can compete with EPA overreach.
Congratulations to this year's Entrepreneurial Idol winner! Million Dollar Scholar is an education technology venture that guides students through the scholarship and financial aid process to make higher education affordable.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1rDSbu8
ISIS has displaced over 2 million Iraqis, captured or killed more than 1,500 Iraqi troops, and kidnapped nearly 500 women and girls in August alone to sell as sex slaves.  Earlier this week I heard from expert witnesses about ISIS's local and global threat.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1DCMNhu
I partnered with students from all over Illinois to create a mobile app to help young children learn about safe online behaviors. Last weekend, we demo'd the app at 1871.  Learn more and download the app: http://kirk.senate.gov/cyberbullying
Last week I hosted the 3rd annual Entrepreneurial Idol, a competition at Chicago State University that offers local entrepreneurs the chance to win $7,500.  Congratulations to Derrius Quarles, founder of Million Dollar Scholar, on winning this year's competition.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1rDSbu8
A good analysis of the conservative reform agenda by Holly Richardson:
This afternoon my listening tour took me to Eureka, in Greenwood County, where I met with about 20 area residents and had the chance to hear their concerns. It was an informative discussion focused on the economy, overregulation by the federal government, ag policy and frustration with Obamacare hurting businesses. Thanks to the Eureka Public Library for allowing us to meet in their great facility, as well as Mayor Mike Pitko and Representative Larry Hibbard for joining us.
Four lives were tragically lost Thursday as a plane crashed into a building at Wichita’s Mid-Continent Airport. These four individuals and their loved ones are in my thoughts and prayers as their families and friends deal with this most difficult time. This morning I met with Vice Mayor Jeff Blubaugh, Wichita Airport Authority Director Victor White, and City of Wichita Government Relations Director Dale Goter to discuss the crash, the response and how I can be of assistance in dealing with federal emergencies. Thank you to the fire and police departments who responded to this tragedy.
Some of the most important conversations to boost Alaska's long-term prospects are happening here at the #ArcticCircle2014.  I'm proud to add Alaska's perspective and interests here with international leaders such as Iceland President Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson and Iceland Prime Minister Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson.
Behold, baby Rand Paul #HappyHalloween
Happy Halloween from Team Paul!
As Breast Cancer Awareness Month winds down today, let us make a commitment to keep fighting this disease every single day of the year.
#ObamaScare: Approximately 1 in 4 doctors will not participate in the new plans under ObamaCare. Read more here: http://cnsnews.com/mrctv-blog/barbara-boland/over-214000-doctors-opt-out-obamacare-exchanges
#ObamaScare: Read more about the increases in premiums that young, healthy people are experiencing to cover "essential health benefits" here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/oct/28/obamacare-sends-health-premiums-skyrocketing-by-as/?utm_source=RSS_Feed&utm_medium=RSS
Happy Halloween! Great meeting people out at the Trinity Baptist Church in Oconee's Fall Festival!
