ICYMI, check out the Washington Times’ article, “Obamacare sends health premiums skyrocketing by as much as 78 percent,” on a new study by State Farm that compares health insurance policies before and after Obamacare, showing how premiums have drastically increased since its implementation.   Sen. Alexander says Republicans are ready to take the health care debate in a new direction with “proposals that move our country step by step toward more freedom, more choices, and lower costs—repairing the damage Obamacare has done and preventing future damage.”  Read the full article here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/oct/28/obamacare-sends-health-premiums-skyrocketing-by-as/?page=all#pagebreak
Attended a deployment ceremony in Concord this morning for members of New Hampshire National Guard Operation Support Airlift Detachment 18, who are preparing deploying to Kuwait.  New Hampshire is deeply proud of these brave Guard members and thankful for their dedicated service to our nation.  They have made tremendous sacrifices to protect our country, and we look forward to the day when we can welcome them safely home.
Good discussion on the Obama Administration's executive over-reach with Neil Cavuto on Fox News's Your World with Neil Cavuto.
In less than a month, the results of long negotiations with Iran over its dangerous nuclear program likely will be announced. At that time, the United States and Israel must stand together, as sustainable support for any agreement will require a united front. A strong response to failed negotiations or faulty results also will require a consensus between our countries. An enormous amount is at stake for both the United States and Israel. Now is not the time for snarky name calling between allies, and anonymity only makes it worse. As a former ambassador, I have managed disagreements between allies. Frank exchanges can become fraught, but they should not erupt publicly, and they should never descend to the personal. This attack on an important foreign leader damages our efforts in a critical region at a critical time. The administration needs to start focusing on goals and how to get there.
Enjoyed visiting with the Dallas Regional Chamber today for their annual state of the senate luncheon. Talked about the outlook for the Senate in the 114th Congress and a number of legislative priorities that impact the business community in Dallas and around the state.
Sen. Cornyn on Houston's decision to withdraw the subpoenas of five local pastors: "The First Amendment guarantees a right to free speech and religious freedom for all, and Texans must be assured these inalienable rights will not be trampled on by a government that doesn’t agree with their views."
NA
Cornyn, Klobuchar Lead Bipartisan Group of Lawmakers Urging Democratic Republic of Congo to Act on Adoption Reform:
Enjoyed meeting with former Harris County Judge Robert Eckels today to receive an update on the efforts of the Gulf Coast Community Protection & Recovery District to develop a coastal storm surge protection plan.
Supporters of religious liberty have just achieved a tremendous victory. Today is an answer to prayer.  Last month, the City of Houston issued a subpoena demanding that five pastors hand over their sermons and correspondence. Together, thousands rose up and told the City to withdraw that subpoena.  Americans defended our right to worship freely without fear of government intimidation, sending a message that was so loud and strong the City of Houston could not ignore it.  And the City of Houston complied, withdrawing the subpoenas altogether.   Pastors across Houston – across denominations, racial and ethnic lines – all came together in support of religious liberty.  As always, I was proud to stand with the pastors, and I applaud their courage for speaking up, and drawing national attention to the ongoing attacks against people of faith. May this strengthen our resolve to defend our liberty and always uphold our God-given rights.
While it is terrific news that Houston’s mayor has dropped the subpoenas against the pastors, they should've NEVER been issued in the first place. #StandWithPastors
So, now senior members of the Obama Administration are openly attacking our ally, Prime Minister Netanyahu, calling him an epithet for poultry manure?  Pitiful.  The President should find out who said this, and fire them immediately. Anything else would be...well, the unnamed official put it best.
27 days and still no answer: http://1.usa.gov/1tdAeXt
I was impressed by Firenze, the new Italian steakhouse in Worland. Thanks to the owners Todd and Nicole Scheuerman, and general manager Lance Martinez, for giving us a tour and explaining the history of Firenze. It will certainly be a great addition to the area. #WyoWorks
At the Wyoming Sugar Company refinery in Worland, they are going through 23 tons of sugar beets a day. The facility, which is completely grower-owned, recently added two new storage silos to help with production. Thanks to Richard McKamey, Vince Salzman, John Snyder Jr and Todd Bryngelson for the tour when I visited on Oct 20. #WyoWorks
We’re number one! Wyoming ranks best in nation for tax climate according to Tax Foundation.
Nebraska is part of a new tech frontier, but Washington needs a tech policy reboot. Read my Lincoln Journal Star op-ed below:
NA
Lynne and I enjoyed attending the 4th annual Governor's Ball last night in Reno. Nevada Day is right around the corner, and we're excited to celebrate Nevada's 150 years of contributions to this great nation.
Staff Update: Senator Inhofe called into The Pat Campbell Show this morning from the Jordan-Syrian border to talk about his visit with the troops in the region as well as his visit to Ukraine yesterday to meet with President Portoshenko about recent Russian aggression. Tune in to the podcast here: http://www.1170kfaq.com/podcasts/patcampbell/280760882.html
Tuesday, Senator Johnson visited the future site of Christian Education Leadership Academy in Pewaukee and participated in the ceremonial raising of the building's highest beam.
I am collecting photos of Utah veterans to display in my office for veterans day.  You can see many of the great submissions I have received so far by looking up #honorutahveterans on Facebook or Instagram.
This morning I had the privilege of visiting with several dozen WWII and Korean War veterans from Kansas at the World War II Memorial. They are in Washington, DC taking part in the Kansas Honor Flight Program. The group stopped by this plaque honoring another special Kansas veteran.
Kansas drivers, please stay safe and keep an eye out for wildlife on the road this fall. Most deer-vehicle crashes occur during this time of year.
I’m about to board a plane to head to Iceland for the #ArcticCircle2014 conference in Reykjavik, Iceland. World leaders, Nordic presidents, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are going to be there to advance the international Arctic dialogue, and I am going to lead a discussion with America’s newly-appointed Arctic Representative Admiral Robert J. Papp. I’m determined to show that America takes our responsibility as an Arctic Nation seriously.
Held a town hall meeting in Pickerington today. Good discussion on jobs, how to get our economy moving, and fighting drug addiction in our communities.
Reminder: I need your help to honor Alabama's veterans, such as Clarence Bishop, on the upcoming Veterans Day holiday. Visit my website to submit your hero's story today: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/honoring-alabama-s-veterans
Administration official's insults of Israel's Prime Minister are unbelievable and unacceptable. Treating our closest allies this way simply cannot happen.
I recently joined David Taylor, executive director of the Pennsylvania Manufacturers' Association, to discuss a number of issues affecting manufacturers in our state. You can watch the entire interview here: http://bit.ly/1p0PQiC
