Earlier today, Sen. Alexander joined a bipartisan group of senators in unanimously passing Senate legislation to make sure that if the government shuts down, military personal will still receive pay as scheduled. “We should make absolutely sure that the men and women of our military are paid on the day they are supposed to be paid, and their spouses aren’t waiting for the check,” Alexander said. “Let’s not run the risk that a single soldier fighting in Afghanistan has a paycheck that is one day late, and the mortgage can’t be paid. This is a step toward reasonableness, and I hope the president signs it immediately.”
 
 Alexander also supported legislation by the House of Representatives that would have funded the government while delaying Obamacare’s individual mandate by one year and repealed a “burdensome” tax on medical devices he said “is increasing the costs of life-saving medical devices for everyone and killing good jobs for Tennesseans.” http://1.usa.gov/1bY1B1b
ICYMI – WSMV in Nashville reported that Saturday the House of Representatives passed a legislative agreement Alexander helped reach to clarify oversight of pharmaceutical compounding, following the deadly meningitis outbreak that killed 16 Tennesseans:  “Following Saturday's vote, Sen. Alexander released a statement saying, ‘This is a big step toward preventing another nightmare for Tennesseans like last year's tragic meningitis outbreak, which the FDA commissioner tells us will happen again if we don't fix the uncertainty over who's in charge of compounding facilities. The House has passed our agreement to make it clear exactly who is in charge of overseeing each compounding facility, so there will be no questions about who's on the flagpole. I urge the Senate to act swiftly and send this bill to the president to sign.’ Read WSMV’s full report here: http://bit.ly/18GzikL
Senator Ayotte's statement on today's unanimous Senate vote to approve legislation that helps ensure our military continues to be paid in the event of a government shutdown:   "This bill helps ensure that active and reserve component members of our military, as well as civilian Department of Defense workers - including the dedicated workforce at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard - can receive the pay they have earned even if a shutdown occurs," said Senator Ayotte. "Our military men and women should not face uncertainty over their pay because of political dysfunction in Washington, and I continue to hope that a compromise can be reached to keep the government running and prevent a shutdown." Full statement: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1127
Read Senator Ayotte's full statement on today's vote: “I voted in support of considering these amendments because I want to keep the government open, and because I fully support delaying ObamaCare and repealing the medical device tax.  New Hampshire citizens are seeing less choice and higher costs as a result of the health care law, and our state’s medical device manufacturers say that the nearly $30 billion medical device tax will make it harder for them to invest and grow – and stands to threaten New Hampshire jobs.  “I’m disappointed that Senate Democrats blocked consideration of these amendments, which will only worsen the current legislative stalemate and increase the likelihood of a shutdown.  As this legislation moves back to the House of Representatives, I’m hopeful that we can reach a compromise that averts a government shutdown and also addresses the serious problems Americans are experiencing as a result of the health care law.”
Majority Leader Reid and President Obama have intentionally forced the nation to the edge of a shutdown today - all in an effort to save ObamaCare. I spent the weekend working with my House colleagues to come up with a plan that keeps the government open and delays the implementation of President Obama's health care law. My colleagues in the Senate should pass this plan today.
Work to avert a shutdown continues here at the Capitol but earlier today we took a step to ensure our troops get paid in the event compromise cannot be reached by the day's end. Read more by following the link below.
Americans overwhelmingly reject Obamacare. They also overwhelmingly want avoid a government shutdown, which we are hours away from if the Senate fails to act on a bill to keep the government running.  That is why I support the bill the House of Representatives passed over the weekend to delay Obamacare for one year and keep the government open. The President has already granted multiple exemptions from the law to his political allies. Let’s be fair and give the same relief to every American.  Along with that bill, Majority Leader Reid should also bring up the House-passed bill to ensure our troops are paid if the Senate Majority refuses to work with the House Majority to avoid a shutdown. For our brave men and women in the armed services, receiving their salary to pay their bills as a result of Washington’s inaction is the last thing they need to worry about.
NA
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: I recently held my third tele-townhall meeting of the year.  These regular meetings are one of the ways I hear the insights of Idahoans and I value this input greatly.  I heard concerns about Congress’ inability to enact a budget and questions about our fiscal crisis.  Idahoans also asked about efforts in Congress to enact stricter gun laws and for an update on the situation in Syria.  Gridlock in Congress, Obamacare, energy policy and oversight of the Federal Reserve rounded out our hour-long phone call.  Thanks to all of those that joined us.
Our D.C. interns took a field trip to the Library of Congress and shared this photo.
Talking Obama/Reid shutdown: On the record w/ Greta Van Susteren at 9 p.m. CT
So POTUS calls Congressional leaders 5 hours before shutdown?  Too little, too late.
Why is Harry Reid blocking a vote on one-year delay on individual mandate, while President has given businesses a one-year delay on employer mandate?
Why is Harry Reid going to block a Senate vote on Congressional carveout for Obamacare?
Why is Harry Reid running out the clock toward a government shutdown?
House tries again: House Rules Committee just reported out their rule to add Vitter language and 1-year mandate delay on a party line vote.  Best guess is the House can consider the rule around 6:30-7, after an hour of debate.  Vote on passage of the amendment 8:00-8:30 PM at the earliest.
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Obama is Missing in Action:
Will Harry Reid reject good faith House offer of one year delay in individual mandate and reversal of congressional carveout from Obamacare and take us another step closer to a government shutdown?
Harry Reid just took one more step toward a government shutdown by tabling House amendments to Continuing Resolution
#MakeDCListen to the American people who want the same exemptions from Obamacare as Congress and big business -- stop #HarryReidsShutdown.
Obamacare is the biggest job killer in this country and millions of Americans are hurting because of it. It's time to #MakeDCListen.
I voted to fund the government, pay our troops, and stop Obamacare. The Senate majority would rather shutdown the federal government. Click the link below to read some of my thoughts on why our country is being brought to the brink of a crisis again.
Just voted to support the House GOP passed bill to delay #Obamacare for one year and repeal the medical device tax.
Hear ye hear ye.  Yesterday was birthday of new UNI President Ruud. Happy birthday
Our men and women in uniform and their families should not suffer for Congress’ inability to pass a budget that represents the demands of the American people. Our military makes extraordinary sacrifices every day for our safety and security, and they deserve our respect and support. The President’s sequestration has already resulted in unnecessary furloughs and uncertainty this year for our military. I urge Majority Leader Reid to take up S. 1541 immediately to ensure our military is paid in the event of a government shut down. With this common-sense, bipartisan bill, Congress can stop further interruptions in the invaluable services our military provides to keep us safe.
Discussing #Iranian nuclear issue and need to keep up sanctions pressure with Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu - בנימין נתניהו
The Senate did the right thing and passed a bill that  guarantees active duty military members will get paid in the event of a government shutdown.  The president should sign this law right away.    Now it is time for the Senate to do the right thing and protect the American people from the #Obamacare train wreck:
If #Obamacare is the law, then why won't the president follow it.
Today, the Senate passed the Pay Our Military Act, which makes certain members of the military are paid in the event of a government shutdown. The financial well-being and readiness of those serving our country must not suffer due to gridlock on Capitol Hill. As indecision continues, this legislation will give members of the military the certainty they deserve.
Alzheimer’s is a defining challenge of our generation affecting 5.2 million people in the United States and more than 35.6 million worldwide. I was pleased to hear last week that the University of Kansas Medical Center — one of only 29 National Institute of Aging designated Alzheimer's Disease Centers in the United States — will receive $3 million from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to study prevention of this devastating disease.  A sustained federal commitment to research for Alzheimer’s will lower health care costs and improve health outcomes for people living with the disease today and in the future. Recently, I spoke about this on the Senate floor and encourage you to click the link below to hear my remarks.
I'm grateful to hear the crew from McConnell Air Force Base operating a KC-135 tanker landed safely in Spain's Palma de Mallorca airport today after a suspected fuel leak.
As bad as I believe this health care law is for our nation, shutting down the government means lost paychecks for gas, rent and grocery money for thousands of Alaskans who work for the federal government and vital services for our veterans, seniors, children and disabled.  My opposition to the Affordable Care Act doesn’t mean we stop legislating.  We need to get work. Shutting down the government doesn’t help anybody – and it has a harmful ripple effect on the larger economy.  It is time for the President and Senate and House leaders to come together and find a solution to fund the government.
Alaska, I have to report that presently we are hours away from a shutdown and things are not looking good.  But at a bare minimum, we lawmakers must support our men and women in uniform.  I’m pleased the Senate was able to accomplish this measure and hope we can find more things to agree on before midnight.
Like many of my colleagues, I stayed here in DC to continue working this weekend, and I wish that the Senate Majority Leader would have convened the Senate on Sunday so that we could all work and find a solution to avoid a government shutdown. The House of Representatives did their job and acted to fund the government over the weekend and delay a bad law that's going to cost jobs, increase insurance premiums, and raise taxes.  Now, we have just about 11 hours left to figure it out. I know thousands of Alaskans and millions of Americans nationwide are watching closely and I am here trying to find a solution.
In case you missed it: Yesterday, I appeared on CBS Face the Nation to discuss the possible government shut-down and the fight to defund Obamacare.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imhsmTZ1rH0
Rubio Statement After Senate Democrats Reject Budget To Keep Government Open: http://1.usa.gov/18GLSQQ
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' comments today on the Obamacare implementation and government funding debate:  “The Obamacare exchanges officially go live tomorrow and will cause millions of Americans to lose their existing health plans. Millions more—as the labor unions have warned—are seeing their 40-hour work week turned into part-time jobs, or even eliminated… But Leader Reid and President Obama are building a fortress around the law—even as more and more train wrecks are discovered in the 2,700-page bill no one had time to read… They’re not willing to change one jot or tittle of their law to protect a single worker. This is the definition of ideological inflexibility… I call on Senator Reid to negotiate with House Republicans and to work to spare our citizens from this train wreck. The President has exempted big businesses and others in the political class. It’s time to protect the middle class. It’s time for the White House to acknowledge the bill is unworkable and that action is needed to protect the American people… My priority will remain the same: to defend Alabama workers and their families.”
Thank you to Serena Gerfy from Ladson for this week's cover photo--the Morris Lighthouse off of Folly Beach.  This is our South Carolina.
I remain hopeful that Congress will avoid a government #shutdown. In the meantime, it is a great relief to our troops and the civilians who support them that they and their families will not suffer if Congress and the White House fail to come to an agreement on how to keep our government running. This bipartisan bill assures that our troops in harm's way, and the public servants who support them, will continue to receive their paychecks. I am pleased the Senate heeded my call and passed this vital legislation.  While this is good news, time is running out to find a responsible solution before a government #shutdown. This afternoon, I voted in support of legislation that would have kept the government running after midnight, delayed the president’s health care law, and repealed the job-killing medical device tax. On a party-line vote, Senator Harry Reid rejected this compromise offer and voted to shut down the government instead.  While I am disappointed by this vote, I will continue working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both chambers of Congress to find common ground and end this standoff.
A must-read Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter op-ed from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: "Alzheimer's is no joke." I agree. It's time to get "desperate" and #ENDALZ.
NA
A few moments ago, the Senate unanimously passed a House GOP bill to ensure our military will continue to get paid in the event of a government shutdown.
