Check out The Hill’s article on Sen. Alexander’s call to the Obama administration to screen all passengers for Ebola arriving on flights to the U.S. from West African countries as a precaution to keep Americans safe from the deadly virus and to accelerate the U.S. response to the epidemic.  “We must take the deadly, dangerous threat of Ebola in West Africa as seriously as we take the ISIS threat in the Middle East," Alexander warned. "The spread of this disease requires a more urgent response from the United States and other countries.”  Read more here: http://thehill.com/regulation/219772-senator-calls-for-ebola-screening-at-airports 
Last Friday, Senator Ayotte was in Concord for the New Hampshire Congressional Law Enforcement Awards ceremony, which honors public safety officers who have put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Thank you to these courageous individuals for their dedicated and outstanding service.
Boeing announced today that the St. Louis site will begin commercial production of parts for the new 777X Airliner, which means hundreds of good-paying jobs and opportunity for the area. Great news for the St. Louis region and for our state. 
Senator King invited me to join him on WGAN’s “Inside Maine” to discuss our student loan legislation. Thanks for having me! #Fixthemaze #RepayAct 
Yesterday, I had a chance to speak with WRAL about our state’s ability to respond to Ebola. I reiterated my confidence in the state: "North Carolina and every state in the country is more than equipped to handle any disease outbreak that we might have," Burr said. "It's a matter of reminding ourselves of exactly the procedures we've got to follow."
Proud to see that the service and sacrifice our nation’s disabled veterans is honored with a national memorial. The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial was dedicated in Washington, D.C.  yesterday. This serves as a constant reminder to all of the cost of human conflict.
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from John in Stuttgart "Is ISIS the biggest threat to our national security?"
This week a member of my staff will visit Clinton, Fountain, Jackson, Montgomery, and Morgan counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:  Tuesday, October 7  Rossville 2:30 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. ET Rossville Community Library, 400 W Main St, Rossville, IN   Wednesday, October 8  Attica 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. ET Attica Public Library, 305 S Perry St, Attica, IN   Thursday, October 9  Seymour 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. ET Seymour City Hall, 301 N Chestnut St, Seymour, IN  Friday, October 10  Linden 1:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET Linden-Carnegie Public Library, 102 S Main St., Linden, IN   Martinsville 2:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. ET Martinsville City Hall, 59 S Jefferson St., Martinsville, IN
I ask all Hoosiers to join with me in prayer for Peter Kassig at this extraordinarily difficult time. I urge privacy for his family and join his loved ones in feeling profound anguish about Peter’s situation.
ICYMI: I will be holding a series of town hall meetings across the Idaho Panhandle this week.  For a full list of scheduled stops and more information, click here: http://goo.gl/AiQNnJ  Wednesday, October 8:  Moyie Springs:  IFG Forest Products Mill, 3082 Roosevelt Road 5:00 PM to 6:00 PM  Thursday,  October 9:  Bonners Ferry:  Memorial Hall, Boundary County Fairgrounds 10:30 AM to 11:30 AM  Moyie Springs:  Kootenai Tribe Dedication of Twin Rivers Fish Hatchery 1823 Twin Rivers Road 1:30 PM to 3:00 PM  Laclede:  Laclede Community Hall , 24 Moore Loop Road 5:00 PM to 6:00 PM  Sandpoint:  Panhandle State Bank, Second Floor Auditorium, 414 Church Street 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM  Friday, October 10:  Priest River:  Priest River Event Center, 5399 Highway 2 10:00 AM to 11:00 AM  Rathdrum:  Rathdrum City Hall, 8047 W. Main Street Noon to 1:00 PM  Hayden:  Hayden City Hall, 8930 N. Government Way 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM
One of the most rewarding aspects of representing Idaho in the U.S. Senate is the amazing Idahoans I cross paths with and learn about throughout the state.  Read my latest guest column about a few remarkable individuals I was able to honor during the August work period. #idpol 
Pleased to join Mayor Parker, HPD, my friend and survivor Lavinia Masters and others to mark National Domestic Violence Awareness Month and the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act of 2014 being signed into law.  This bill provides law enforcement the resources necessary to ensure that victims of sexual assault receive the justice and support they are due.
The Supreme Court’s decision to let rulings by lower court judges stand that redefine marriage is both tragic and indefensible. By refusing to rule if the States can define marriage, the Supreme Court is abdicating its duty to uphold the Constitution. The fact that the Supreme Court Justices, without providing any explanation whatsoever, have permitted lower courts to strike down so many state marriage laws is astonishing.   This is judicial activism at its worst. The Constitution entrusts state legislatures, elected by the People, to define marriage consistent with the values and mores of their citizens.  Unelected judges should not be imposing their policy preferences to subvert the considered judgments of democratically elected legislatures.   The Supreme Court is, de facto, applying an extremely broad interpretation to the 14th Amendment without saying a word – an action that is likely to have far-reaching consequences. Because of the Court’s decision today, 11 States will likely now be forced to legalize same-sex marriage: Virginia, Indiana, Wisconsin, Oklahoma, Utah, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, Kansas, Colorado, and Wyoming. And this action paves the way for laws prohibiting same-sex marriage to be overturned in any state.   It is beyond dispute that when the 14th Amendment was adopted 146 years ago, as a necessary post-Civil War era reform, it was not imagined to also mandate same-sex marriage, but that is what the Supreme Court is implying today. The Court is making the preposterous assumption that the People of the United States somehow silently redefined marriage in 1868 when they ratified the 14th Amendment.   Nothing in the text, logic, structure, or original understanding of the 14th Amendment or any other constitutional provision authorizes judges to redefine marriage for the Nation. It is for the elected representatives of the People to make the laws of marriage, acting on the basis of their own constitutional authority, and protecting it, if necessary, from usurpation by the courts.   Marriage is a question for the States.  That is why I have introduced legislation, S. 2024, to protect the authority of state legislatures to define marriage. And that is why, when Congress returns to session, I will be introducing a constitutional amendment to prevent the federal government or the courts from attacking or striking down state marriage laws.    Traditional marriage is an institution whose integrity and vitality are critical to the health of any society. We should remain faithful to our moral heritage and never hesitate to defend it.
President Obama's mission against ISIS needs to be refocused. It's for Congress to evaluate.
The National Association of Manufacturers has awarded Senator Lindsey Graham the "Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence."   “Manufacturers in South Carolina and throughout the United States are making a comeback, creating jobs, making more products and making them better than ever before,” said NAM Senior Vice President of Policy and Government Relations Aric Newhouse. “However, manufacturers are often disproportionately impacted by decisions made by policymakers in Washington. The NAM is proud to stand with lawmakers like Senator Graham who understand what is at stake and seek to implement policies that will foster innovation, growth and competitiveness.”
Honored 2B recognized today by IA Child Advocacy Bd for work on behalf of foster youth. Need to find these kids a PERMANENT HOME
Good Q&A today w ~150 Waterloo Rotarians Topics-highway bill, EPA regs, foreign policy, taxes,etc.
Are taxpayers getting the most bang for the buck out of an exclusive deal between the federal government and Bank of America?  Sen. Grassley seeks answers. 
Over the weekend, I enjoyed spending time with members of the Smith Valley Historical Society.
“By bringing together a wide range of stakeholders, the 8th annual Great Plains & EmPower ND Energy Conference will help us to highlight our state’s all-of-the-above approach to energy development, meet the challenges of growth, remain at the cutting-edge of the efficient and responsible energy production and drive home the need to bring our state’s approach to the national level. A decade ago, we created Empower North Dakota, the state’s first comprehensive energy plan, and worked to build a strong business climate. Today, North Dakota has become the second largest oil and gas producing state in the country while developing other sources of renewable energy – a true model for the nation. We need to continue that tradition with farsighted conferences like this.”
Great meeting today with the employees at Dawson Insurance in Fargo.  October is Employee Ownership Month, and I'm glad to mark this occasion at this employee owned company.
“We’ve been working closely with the DOT, shippers, carriers, community leaders and colleagues in the Senate to improve rail safety for North Dakota and the whole nation. That has spurred investments, both public and private, in infrastructure, training and services to prevent derailments and to minimize the impacts when a derailment occurs. This week’s training is a part of that effort. At the same time, we continue to push DOT to finalize effective and practical rules for tanker car construction so tank car owners like GATX have the certainty they need to upgrade their fleets, which is a vital part of the effort to make rail transport safer.”
Did you know? One-third of people aged 12+ who used drugs for the first time since 2009 began by using prescription drugs found in their homes.  Learn more and join the fight against drugs in our suburbs: 
#Kentucky home health care providers fear effects of cuts to Medicare via @WHAS11 http://www.whas11.com/news/politics/Ky-home-health-care-providers-fear-effects-of-cuts-to-Medicare-278053231.html
McConnell promises push to restore planned cuts to home health care - WDRB 41 Louisville News http://www.wdrb.com/story/26700861/mcconnell-promises-push-to-restore-planned-cuts-to-home-health-care#.VDL81YlLOLU.twitter
Today, I called on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Tom Frieden to implement Ebola-specific screenings at U.S. airports. As we fight Ebola abroad, we need to make certain the homeland is protected as well. While there is no way to completely eliminate the threat, screenings at U.S. ports of entry will add a layer of much-needed protection. 
On Friday, I joined community leaders at the Atchison Area United Way kickoff luncheon. United Way has been improving lives for more than 126 years and the local program works with 18 agencies in Atchison to improve education, income levels and healthcare. I wish United Way Executive Director Terry Knopke and the community success in achieving their goal of $198,000 to invest in their neighbors. Thanks to Atchison City Manager Trey Cocking for inviting me to speak and Rep. Lynn Jenkins for the kind introduction.  Here, I'm pictured (L to R) with MGP Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer Don Tracy, Atchison United Way Executive Director Terry Knopke, Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins, MGP President and Chief Executive Officer Gus Griffin, and MGP Vice President of Production and Engineering Randy Schrick.
Only in Kansas!
Not a cloud in the sky in Seward today!  If you’ve ever visited Seward, you’ve probably noticed the large coal loading facility right outside the small boat harbor. This morning I toured the facility, an operation that provides 40-50 jobs in the community. I learned about all the precautions they take to mitigate coal dust, and was impressed by how the facility puts a lot of safeguards in place to not harm the marine environment. What an interesting visit!
Congratulations to Lillian Aukongak, the first female Alaska Native to be federally recognized as a sergeant major!  You've got to read her inspirational story ...
The Administration must take proactive steps to prevent Ebola from spreading in the U.S. My op-ed here: http://cnn.it/1vH2Msi
Earlier this summer, I took a trip to Guatemala to perform pro bono eye surgeries. On my last night in Guatemala, I stopped by the Universidad Francisco Marroquin. The mission of this University is to teach and disseminate the principles of ethics, law and economics of free and responsible society.  It is a bastion of liberty in Guatemala.
Today's MUST-READ: Our criminal justice system is making it really hard for people to find jobs  http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/09/30/our-criminal-justice-system-is-making-it-really-hard-for-the-poor-to-find-jobs/
The EPA has again extended the comment period for their proposed changes to the definition of Waters of the U.S. With hundreds of thousands of comments already in, how many more does the EPA need? They should #ditchtherule . 
Congrats Kansas City Royals! How Sweep it is!
Rubio: Cuba’s Participation Undermines Credibility Of Summit Of Americas: http://1.usa.gov/10FQbvM  “The Cuban regime’s record of human rights abuses and violations of international law are not matters open for debate, but undeniable and appalling facts,” wrote Rubio. “Therefore, Cuba’s participation in the Summit of the Americas in Panama will undermine its credibility and have grave consequences for the region’s consensus to promote and defend democratic rule.   “I urge you to avoid this outcome, and instead work with the Cuban people to support their demands for a democratic future for their country,” Rubio added. 
Today the Department of Veterans Affairs proposed removal of the Director of the Central Alabama VA Healthcare System (CAVHCS). I believe that new leadership is a much-needed first step in ensuring that the CAVHCS will better serve our veterans who have dutifully served our nation. 
Had a great time talking with the kids at Meeting Street Elementary at Brentwood's grand opening this morning!
Every child deserves a safe, stable, and loving home. Kathy Boyd from West Chester has devoted her life to supporting and advocating for foster and adopted children. Learn more about her selfless acts and contributions to children. http://bit.ly/1EkJAXd
An additional $68.9 million for restoration projects on the Mississippi Gulf Coast has been announced.  The funds are part of Phase III of early restoration from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
Wicker Report | Local financial institutions in Mississippi and across the country are vital to our economic recovery.  They provide credit and capital to consumers and small businesses, which use it to create the majority of new jobs.  Burdensome rules that force these banks and credit unions to limit lending and devote significant resources to regulatory compliance pose obstacles to job creation and economic growth. 
