LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the National Labor Relations Board should not move forward with allowing “ambush elections,” which shorten the length of time in which a labor union certification is held to as little as 10 days.   “Ambush elections are one more example of how the Obama National Labor Relations Board continues to be more of a union advocate than an umpire. The D.C. Federal District Court already struck down the administration’s last attempt to rush through ambush elections. This latest effort is a political power play on behalf of unions that makes an end run around employers and forces workers to make decisions without all of the facts.” http://1.usa.gov/1gNwWa3  
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Catch Fox News’s coverage of Sen. Alexander pressing President Obama’s nominee to be U.S. surgeon general, Dr. Vivek Murthy, on whether he would use the “bully pulpit” as “the nation’s doctor” to advance his ideological goals in favor of Obamacare. http://bit.ly/N8dAzy
NA
I'm helping KIPP Delta students prepare for their roles at the upcoming Harvard Model Congress. We're very proud of them and I am grateful for the opportunity to help them prepare for this unique educational experience.
I have consistently said that any extension of unemployment insurance benefits must be paid for responsibly and include credible reforms to improve the program. In good faith, I joined with a group of Republicans to offer reasonable proposals. Rather than work with us to find common ground, today Majority Leader Reid once again chose to reject our ideas and block action on amendments to improve and pay for this legislation. Accordingly, I voted against bringing the bill to a final vote.
In honor of President Ronald Reagan's birthday, Congress should revisit The Gipper's vision of simplifying the complex tax code
Another Obamacare problem has surfaced, according to reports, over 20,000 Americans have filed appeals with the government to try to get mistakes corrected.  They contend that the computer system for the new federal online marketplace charged them too much for health insurance, steered them into the wrong insurance program or denied them coverage entirely.  For now, the appeals are sitting, untouched, inside a government computer. And an unknown number of consumers who are trying to get help through less formal means — by calling the health-care marketplace directly — are told that HealthCare.gov’s computer system is not yet allowing federal workers to go into enrollment records and change them.  
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) reported that Obamacare will push the equivalent of about 2 million workers out of the labor market by 2017, will cost more than $2 trillion and will reduce incentives to work.  Once again, this is a clear example that the president’s health care law is and will continue to hurt an already struggling job market, forcing people out of good-paying jobs, increasing the number of part-time workers and reducing wages.  
Senator Collins spoke on the Senate floor today to praise Russell Currier, of Stockholm, Maine, who is participating in the 2014 Olympic Games in Sochi, and described how proud everyone in Aroostook County – indeed all Mainers – are of Currier’s amazing accomplishment.  Go Russell! 
Progress in Senator Collins' effort to require Department of Defense to buy U.S.-made footwear - supporting Maine jobs! 
Cornyn, Colleagues Send Letter to IRS Condemning Employee Bonuses: 
Cornyn: We Have a Moral Obligation to Deal With Our Debt: 
Cornyn Opposes Radical DOJ Nominee:
Cornyn Encourages Energy Secretary To See Firsthand How Energy Renaissance In TX Is Creating Jobs:
This morning, Senator Corker met with Major General Max Haston of the Tennessee National Guard in his Washington, D.C. office.
Catherine Engelbrecht of True The Vote testified on Capitol Hill today about her experience with IRS targeting. We need a truly independent special prosecutor to investigate the IRS’s illegal targeting of conservative groups so we can hold those responsible accountable.  Watch and SHARE:
Unemployed Americans badly need jobs and a booming economy. Today, as a direct result of President Obama's failed economic agenda, millions are hurting and we have the lowest labor-force participation since 1978.  Unfortunately, President Obama and Senate Democrats refuse to do anything to address the underlying problem: crushing taxes and regulations from Washington that have killed growth and produced economic stagnation.  Instead of continually extending unemployment benefits, we should instead work together to bring back economic growth and jobs. We should repeal Obamacare, which is costing millions of jobs across the country. We should expand energy production and build the Keystone pipeline, which together would create millions more high-paying jobs. We should stop abusive regulations that are hammering small businesses. And we should reform our tax system, to spur new investment and risk-taking in the economy of tomorrow.
Lifting sanctions and allowing billions in Iran while encouraging boycotts against our friend and ally Israel is exactly backwards.
#TBT to the first State of the Union Address by the Gipper. Today we celebrate the 64th anniversary of the 39th birthday of a man who could unite a nation with his humor.   Happy birthday, President Reagan!
Right now there's an arrogance in the abuse of power by the Obama Administration and the assault it is waging on Texas.
If "[p]ublic trust is the IRS' most valuable asset," we're in trouble...
A postal reform bill is now headed to the full Senate. It should help the United States Postal Service change with the times while protecting rural post offices from closing, restructuring postal rates and maintaining Second Amendment rights. I voted in favor of the bill in the Homeland and Government Affairs Committee.
Obamacare forced people to buy Administration-approved health care through a flawed website that led to tens of thousands of errors in people’s coverage. Now, to top it off there is no way for people to get those errors corrected. That is unacceptable.
Best of luck to Shelby, Nebraska’s very own Curt Tomasevicz and the rest of the Team USA four-man bobsled team as they defend their gold medal in the 2014 Winter Olympics.
SexualAssault scourge in Military-US Senate shld act 4 US troops. Military Justice Improvement Act=needed reform
The Military Justice Improvement Act makes our nation’s military even stronger. #PassMJIA 
Congressman Markwayne Mullin posted this great quote from a great President. Happy Birthday, President Ronald Reagan. #OklahomaPride
Under the Obama Administration, the labor participation rate has remained at a 35 year low. This is an unacceptable statistic that I will not allow to become the new standard and why we must continue to debate the Unemployment Insurance Extension bill until amendments are considered that actually help Americans become employed. This is why I voted today to not end debate on the UI bill today. I have put forward amendments that would help us see the full potential of our economy by enforcing promised transparency and getting big government out of the way. You can read about those amendments here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-says-no-need-for-federal-hydraulic-fracturing-rule
Honored to be ranked among the Top 5 Most Conservative Senators by National Journal, but even more honored to be serving Oklahomans who sent me to the Senate to represent their conservative values: http://www.nationaljournal.com/pictures-video/the-15-most-conservative-senators-20140206   
10 athletes from #IL are competing in the Olympics. Learn about them & track their progress: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
I am hoping the best for the 15 Utahns and all of the US Olympic Team who will be competing in the #Sochi #WinterOlympics:
"Think about that for a second. Obamacare increased taxes by $1 trillion over ten years. Democrats have passed several other tax hikes under President Obama. And yet all of that planned new tax revenue has been offset by the poor economic growth that the President’s tax hikes, in part, have engendered.  Some on the right complain that Obamacare is a scheme for wealth redistribution. In truth, Obamacare is a scheme for wealth destruction."  Do you agree with the White House that when #Obamacare drives millions of Americans out of the workforce, that this will be a good thing?
McConnell to IRS Commissioner: "You know that the IRS has no business regulating free speech." The Obama Administration is now trying to legitimize the harassment after the fact – to enact regulations that would allow the IRS to bully and intimidate Americans who express their right to free speech.
It was good to visit with members of the Kansas Association of School Boards this week about the impact of federal policies on K-12 education in Kansas. Flexibility at both the state and local levels is vital to enabling our educators to address the unique learning needs of students. Congress should work to make sure federal policies don’t restrict ingenuity, responsiveness and development in our schools.
Canada is making moves and investing in their Arctic infrastructure – America needs to realize the Arctic future is now. #ArcticWeek 
Happy Earnest Gruening Day, Alaska! A groundbreaking, visionary pioneer for Alaska, and one of our first Senators!
All this week, I’m spotlighting the Arctic while I lead up to my speech before the Arctic Symposium in Seattle on Friday.  As part of ArcticWeek, I met with the Chair of the Arctic Council -- an Inuit woman from Canada -- and the nominee to become America's next Ambassador to Iceland.  We've got to talk together and work together to build momentum for the United States' Arctic future.
I introduced bipartisan legislation today to improve foster care services for America's most vulnerable youth. Read more about it here: 
Appreciated the update on Ohio National Guard readiness and work from Major General Ashenhurst and her team today. Thank you for your service.
Was inspired by the National Prayer Breakfast this morning, joining my friend Rev. Henry Curtis from Cleveland's St. John AME Church.
Following Tuesday's Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, I issued a letter to President Obama regarding the current status of the Iran negotiations.   Click here to read the letter in its entirety :http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1102
Happy Birthday to Ronald Reagan! It was an honor to meet one of the greatest presidents our nation has seen #tbt
I believed that Washington was standing in the way of Kentucky's ability to create jobs and opportunities in an industry that we had led before, and have great potential to lead in the future.  And I am particularly interested in industrial hemp's potential in Eastern Kentucky, where it could be grown on land reclaimed from mining.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.kentucky.com/2014/02/06/3071188/rand-paul-kys-perseverance-won.html#storylink=cpy
What do you think? Were the books cooked? Do you think Obamacare would have passed with a $2 trillion price tag? National Review's corner shares my calls for CBO to come before the Senate Finance Committee:  http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/370495/roberts-were-books-cooked-cbos-early-obamacare-estimates-andrew-johnson
As Olympic Competition Begins Today, Senator Rubio Honors Florida’s Winter Olympians: http://1.usa.gov/1eYKZmu  Rubio: “I want to congratulate four athletes with ties to my home state of Florida who are competing in this year’s games. Yes, believe it or not, even in the Sunshine State you can find ice rinks – like Skate Mania in Ocala – where many Olympic dreams are first conceived.” 
Senator Rubio Calls On Reid To Allow A Senate Vote On Iran Sanctions: 1.usa.gov/1lDCZjQ    “That’s why we want a vote on these sanctions. We don’t have room for error here. We do not have the space to be wrong on this. We can’t afford to be wrong on this,” Rubio said. “Now, there’s no guarantee that sanctions will prevent Iran from going nuclear, but I can tell you, it will make it extremely painful, it will influence their cost-benefit analysis.   “It is ideal to reach a negotiated solution with Iran, but we have to be wise. We have to learn the lessons of history, and we have to understand human nature,” Rubio added. “This administration in Iran, this regime, they want a nuclear weapon because it gives them supremacy in the region and it makes them, they believe, immune to outside pressure and interference in their internal affairs. They are headed for a weapon. They are using these negotiations to buy time.    “There are 59 members of this Senate that have signed onto a sanctions bill, and one person – one senator – is preventing a vote on it. And that is wrong,” Rubio concluded. “So I hope that we can have a vote on the Senate floor on this issue. Let’s have a debate on it. Let’s have a frank and open discussion about it. But why are we preventing that from happening? Why is the Majority Leader preventing that from happening? It is inexcusable, it is unacceptable.” 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Calls For Repeal Of ObamaCare’s Risk Corridors: http://1.usa.gov/1fyigpX  Rubio: “That isn’t fair that people and companies who can afford to hire lobbyists come up here and figure out a way to get the taxpayers to bail them out for a program that doesn’t work, was never going to work and is now worse than ever.”
Top Congressional Republicans Urge IRS Commissioner to Withdraw a Proposed Agency Rule Designed to Muzzle Administration Critics    “It is our view that finalizing this proposed rule would make intimidation and harassment of the administration’s political opponents the official policy of the IRS and would allow the Obama Administration to use your agency as a partisan tool.”  Read the full letter here: http://1.usa.gov/1btE2cd
Timeline of the Administration’s non-compliance with federal immigration law and protections for struggling workers:
Sat down with Greta Van Susteren in my office today, make sure to tune in tonight!
A hearty #USA from Team Scott! #olympics #bringhomethegold
At the National Prayer Breakfast listening to Bethany Hamilton, who lost her arm at 13! Courage personified!!
I'm delighted the USS Somerset is sailing for Philly. The ship is named in honor of the courageous passengers whose actions prevented the 9-11 hijackers from killing many more Americans. My follow Pennsylvanians and I will be privileged to see the ship begin her service to our country in the Port of Philadelphia on March 1. 
Happy Birthday President Reagan. #ATimeForChoosing  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXBswFfh6AY
Shocked the White House thinks 2.5 million lost jobs is a good thing. How is trapping people in poverty good? #Obamacare
I have grave concerns over the nomination of Debo Adegbile to the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division. 
Always enjoy speaking to Chris Stigall. Today's topics -- Obamacare and the outrage that is the nomination of cop-killer's lawyer to DOJ civil rights post. http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/stigallpodcasts/#
NA
Tomorrow marks the 80th anniversary of the Tennessee Valley Authority's partnership with the state of Mississippi.
Today, the Senate EPW Committee passed three pieces of legislation I introduced or cosponsored. 
ICYMI: Watch my remarks at this morning's National Prayer Breakfast.
