SHARE Sen. Alexander’s Wall Street Journal Op-ed: “Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to Be Blown Away”   “After nearly 22 years, eight resurrections and billions of taxpayer subsidies, it's time to let the marketplace rule and allow wind power to rise or fall on its own. Save our money, save our nuclear plants and save our mountaintops.”   http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303678404579540270543985540?mg=reno64-wsj 
Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome Granite Staters to Coffee with Kelly this morning - which she hosts every Thursday on Capitol Hill when the Senate is in session! Learn more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=coffee_with_kelly
Great to see students from Pelham Memorial School yesterday!
Congratulations to University of Missouri Extension (MU Extension) on 100 years of strengthening our families and communities. http://bit.ly/1fRrpzE
Happy #Truman Day. Honored to share the office of former President and fellow Missourian, Harry S. Truman.
FEMA has opened a Disaster Recovery Center in Mayflower where personnel on-site can assist those affected by the April 27th storms.  The address is:  600 Highway 365 Mayflower, AR  Hours of Operation: 7:30 am – 6 pm, Monday – Saturday 1:00 pm – 6 pm, Sunday
I'm pleased to recognize National Nurses Week and all nurses do for their patients and for all they have done for me.  
Today, I joined Members of the Western Caucus, including Cynthia Lummis and Mike Enzi, in sending a letter to Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy calling on the EPA to halt the “Waters of the US” rule. This rule would give Washington the power to regulate even the smallest bodies of water on private land in Wyoming and across America. It will hurt farms, small businesses, commercial and energy development and interfere with private property rights. I’ll continue to look for every opportunity to stop this rule. 
"A bipartisan group of senators, including Indiana's own Joe Donnelly, a Democrat, and Dan Coats, a Republican, is pushing for approval of the Keystone XL pipeline that has been continually postponed by the Obama administration. On Tuesday, the Senate voted 79-20 to consider an energy efficiency bill that Keystone's backers want to amend to authorize immediate construction of the pipeline from Canada to the United States. Donnelly and Coats, along with Sen. Mark Kirk, R-Ill., favor S.2280, a short bit of legislation to fast-track construction. No vote has been scheduled on that bill authored by Sen. John Hoeven, R-N.D."
ICYMI: Shoshone-Bannock Tribes Chairman Nathan Small and I discussed our work together to end long-standing land disputes in southeastern Idaho at an Indian Affairs Committee hearing. 
Today, Senator Collins spoke on the Senate floor to introduce the International Violence Against Women Act (IVAWA), bipartisan legislation that would make reducing the levels of violence against women and girls across the globe a top diplomatic priority for the United States.  She also discussed the horrific situation in Nigeria where a terrorist group has kidnapped nearly 300 school girls.
Inga Zimba, a fifth-grade student at Albert S. Hall School in Waterville is Maine’s state winner in the nationwide “Doodle 4 Google” contest and she needs our help!  Here's how to support Inga. Go to this page and click on "vote for this doodle" http://www.google.com/doodle4google/vote.html#d=d2-5   Inga's art is titled "Save a Bee."  If she wins, she will receive a $30,000 scholarship and a $50,000 Google for Education technology grant for her school. The winning design will be used as the graphic on the Google website.  Help support Inga!
NA
NA
Cornyn Measure to Grant Purple Hearts for Fort Hood Victims Included in Defense Bill:
Fox News: Senator Cornyn, American Legion call for Secretary Shinseki to resign in wake of VA failures and deception:
My prayers are with the families of the 200+ abducted Nigerian school girls. I’m proud the Senate came together on Tuesday to pass a resolution condemning this horrific act.
Of all the troubling aspects of the Obama presidency, none is more dangerous than the President's persistent pattern of lawlessness:
Happy #VEDay — we can never thank our nation's heroes enough!
Attorney General Eric Holder needs to appoint a truly independent special prosecutor to investigate the #IRS scandal. NOW.
David Barron’s nomination underscores the danger of the so-called "nuclear option" Democrats are using to ram through controversial nominees on strict party-line votes. The Obama Administration has been extremely resistant in providing information about its drone program, which continues with its refusal to disclose the body of David Barron’s government work.     As a top official in the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel, Mr. Barron authored consequential memos that justified the use of drones to kill U.S. citizens that the White House has not made public. Without question, Mr. Barron shaped the government’s policies that are roiling the public today.   It would be a grave mistake to confirm Mr. Barron without meaningful access to the documents he authored. Any Democrat concerned about civil liberties should have profound concerns here.  The Senate’s decision to allow a person such as Mr. Barron to be confirmed by a bare partisan majority without any real attempt to provide proper "advice and consent," is in the long run an even graver mistake.
We need to uncover the truth about #Benghazi!
States are better qualified to find and implement a solution than a Washington agency pushing a one-size-fits-all, top-down approach. I spoke on the Senate floor today about how my amendment would restore the states’ role when it came to managing their own air quality, including issues of regional haze. We cannot afford to increase the cost of energy to families, schools and vital public services by implementing an EPA plan that won’t adequately address the issue of regional haze. 
The EPA has gone off the deep end by proposing that it has the right to regulate every stream, pond, wetlands, and any other body of water it chooses. Today Senator John Barrasso, Representative Cynthia Lummis, both R-Wyo., and I joined 43 other Western Caucus Members in sending a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy urging her to halt the “Water of the US” rule. This federal takeover of states’ rights to regulate and protect their own water would hurt job growth by negatively impacting farms, small businesses, commercial development, road construction and energy production.
I offered two amendments to the energy efficiency bill that would let states have the final say on regional haze and collecting their own mineral royalties. So far the Senate majority has blocked all attempts to improve the legislation and will not allow votes on bipartisan solutions. 
Obama should approve keystone for jobs in US- otherwise pipeline& jobs go to china
Senator Grassley is editing one of his speeches.
Here is Carole’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
“The impact of tourism to Nevada cannot be understated.  It is truly is the lifeblood of our economy.”    Watch: http://bit.ly/1g09yGI 
NA
We hear people say that Republicans want to slash government recklessly. It’s just not true. The debate is about whether government spending will grow a lot or in a more restrained way. The federal government spent $3.5 trillion last year. See the difference between the red and blue bars? That’s the difference between the Obama budget and Paul Ryan’s “draconian” cuts: Whether we’ll increase spending to $5.9 trillion or restrain the increase to $5 trillion.
Retweeted Sen. Tammy Baldwin (@SenatorBaldwin):  Proud to have worked with @SenRonJohnson to help confirm James Peterson for U.S. Federal District Judge. -TB  http://t.co/qIedJ5W8lY
Sen. Johnson will be speaking shortly on the Senate Floor in support of James Peterson to be WI Judge. Watch on CSPAN http://t.co/h6YBQ6Oq5J
Sen. Johnson questions Fed Chair Janet Yellen at today’s Senate Budget Committee hearing.
Retweeted Sean Duffy (@RepSeanDuffy):  #lucky7  Mom was incredible. Thank you all for your prayers. http://t.co/lJBb6yUJTw
Retweeted Ben Becker (@BBeckerWI):  @SenRonJohnson Thank you for your time today.  ALS Advocacy Day 2014. @ALSPublicPolicy @teamtrickett @ALSAWisconsin http://t.co/a539Uzx4FK
Senator Johnson meeting with constituents in Washington.
The size and scope of the federal government has grown incredibly. A century ago, federal spending made up about 2 percent of the economy. Now? It’s 20 percent. It’s heading up for 30% by 2035, according to the Congressional Budget Office. When you add state and local government spending on top of that, government will consume about 45 percent of our economy’s output.
Thank you to American Red Cross volunteers who make a difference in the lives of many. #WorldRedCrossDay  American Red Cross - Mid Illinois Chapter
#ActOnClimate Cronyism: Borrow money from China to give money to a Chinese-backed windmill project that Americans don't want: 
Michelle Fields and Next Generation TV came by my office today to do an interview about my bill to end all energy subsidies.  I will share a link to the interview once they post it online.
In honor of Jack Bauer's return, #TBT to my Emmy-worthy cameo on 24 in 2006: 
I was honored to be recognized by Rotary International and its Polio Eradication Champions event on Wednesday evening. Rotary has contributed more than $1.2 billion to date to fight polio. Through 2018, every new dollar Rotary commits to polio eradication will be matched two-to-one by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation up to $35 million a year. Polio cases have been reduced by 99 percent worldwide, but the disease has not been eradicated in Nigeria, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. As a fellow Rotarian, I commend the organization and its members for their leadership in eradicating polio across the globe and share this commitment to ridding the world of this terrible disease. Here, I'm pictured with Rotary International President Ron Burton.
For all the Alaskans supporting and tracking the Last Frontier Honor Flight's visit to Washington, D.C., here is a short video summary of them sharing their time with us on Capitol Hill!
At today's HELP Committee hearing with the HHS Secretary Nominee Sylvia Burwell, I shared the insurance premium increases that many Alaskans are seeing under the health care reform law -- sometimes more than doubling.  I continue to believe that we have not yet reduced health care costs and made it more affordable.
What an honor and a thrill to meet the Last Frontier Honor Flight this morning on their visit to Washington, DC!  These men and women are treasures and I thank them for sharing a few moments on Capitol Hill during their busy trip.  Be sure to click here for more information about their mission: http://www.lastfrontierhonorflight.net/
Activities and opportunities are on the rise in the Arctic, and America needs to be far better engaged in the region, as other nations make investments and moves there.  Great to see this interesting piece about the Army's growing Arctic Circle mission:
Today I met with Olivia Burns from the Lucas County Human Trafficking Coalition in Toledo. Whether it occurs in Ohio or Nigeria, human trafficking is a horrific crime and we must work together to #BringBackOurGirls
In case you missed it: Last night, I joined GenOpp for a Google Hangout to discuss privacy and civil liberties.    WATCH HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luszejpFV-w
Yesterday the Senate Agriculture Committee heard testimony from USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack for the first time in over two years. Now that the Farm Bill is being implemented, I had many questions about crop insurance. I also had the opportunity to relay the fears of Kansans about regulations burdening our producers, and concerns regarding the Lesser Prairie Chicken. You can watch our exchange here: http://youtu.be/x1bvqOfsb_U
Senator Rubio Pushes Bill To Impose Sanctions On Human Rights Violators In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1j1AdmN  “We are calling on identifying human rights violators in Venezuela, naming them by name, and sanctioning them for what they’ve done. And I just don’t understand how we can sit here and say that the time isn’t right to do that. I don’t understand how we can say we should wait for some point in the future, when the timing might be right to do that,” Rubio said. “Because by admission, what you’re saying is that, ‘If the Venezuela government does certain things over the next few months.’ That day may never come. And I just don’t understand how that can be our foreign policy.”   “The future of Venezuela belongs to the people of Venezuela. They must determine the direction of that country, and what sort of system of government and economics they want. But what we also want them to understand is that the United States will not stand by and idly watch as the rights of people, with whom we share this hemisphere, are systematically violated by an anti-American government – to top it all off – and ignore their plight,” Rubio added. “And we will endeavor to use, and I think in a bipartisan way I hope – and I know in this Committee that will be the case – in a bipartisan way, to use the influence and the power of the United States of America to firmly line up on the side of those who aspire to liberty, to freedom, and to respect of human rights.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: Impose Sanctions On Maduro Regime (English & Español): http://1.usa.gov/1mFhn7e  "This week, the U.S. Senate will focus its attention on the ongoing political crisis in Venezuela, its government’s violent repression of peaceful demonstrations, and actions the U.S. government should take to confront the corruption and human rights abuses that are central to the regime’s governing philosophy..."  "Hoy, el Senado de EEUU le dará prioridad a la crisis política en Venezuela, la violenta represión del gobierno en contra de las manifestaciones pacíficas, y las acciones que deberá tomar el gobierno de EEUU para enfrentar la corrupción y estos abusos a los derechos humanos que son parte fundamental de la filosofía del régimen..."     
After hearing Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's testimony before the Budget Committee today, Ranking Member Sessions issued the following statement:  “Some would have us believe that a thriving workforce is just around the corner if we only keep spending and borrowing, keep interest rates low, and keep the stimulus pumping. Dr. Yellen seemed to suggest that things aren’t as bad as they seem, and that the benefits of this artificial stimulus have broadly benefited the American worker. But what is the reality? In 2011, the Fed predicted that growth in 2013 would be twice what it actually turned out to be. Indeed, their growth projections have consistently been too high. Since 2009—despite a record accumulation of debt, interest rates near zero, and a rapidly expanding Fed balance sheet—median household incomes have declined by a shocking $2,300. Since 2007, the population has grown by 15 million but half a million fewer people are employed.  American workers feel and sense, correctly, that something isn’t right: companies are not hiring them and their wages have fallen. They see the stock market rise and Washington spending soar, but their incomes shrink and their jobs prospects stall.  Not only did the Fed not avert the 2007 crisis, but its policies helped to foster it. And while the big firms were bailed out and the big spenders in Washington quickly frittered away a trillion dollars of borrowed stimulus, the American worker soldiered on in a weak economy. We can’t pump our way to prosperity—growth must be built on sound policies. We are not going to win the economic race by sinking our nation into permanent debt.  In order to succeed, we must put the American worker back to work. We need an ambitious plan to produce more American energy, keeping jobs and wealth right here in the U.S.; we need to make clear to our trading partners that we will defend U.S. workers from illicit trade practices; we need to outcompete other nations by reducing the tax and regulatory burden weighing down American industry and forcing companies to close their doors; we need an immigration policy that ensures open jobs go to unemployed American workers, not workers from abroad; we need to make government leaner, confronting every needless expenditure; and we need to restore stability and confidence in our future with an honest, balanced budget.”
At approximately 9:40am ET, Sen. Sessions will deliver opening remarks at the Senate Budget Committee hearing with Fed Chair Janet Yellen. You can watch live here:
Joining Your World with Neil Cavuto at 4:15 today on Fox News to discuss the Burwell hearings. Make sure to tune in!
I questioned the President’s nominee for HHS Secretary in committee today – will Director Burwell be the Ambassador of Obamacare or the Secretary of HHS?  The Secretary must provide transparency and truth, not politics.
I invited South Carolinian Brad Dean to Washington to testify on the importance of tourism for South Carolina in the Senate Subcommittee on Tourism, Competitiveness, and Innovation.  Watch here now!  http://www.commerce.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Home
Joining Mike Gallagher at 945a this morning to discuss today's hearing for HHS Secretary nominee Burwell.
At the 32nd Annual March of Dimes Gourmet Gala, Kris and I -- well Kris really -- won the Easiest Prep Award with her Baked Honey Raisin Brie.
We need answers from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs on the Phoenix VA deaths. Management lapses eerily reminiscent of Pittsburgh's and I'm worried. 
In memory of Officer Eric Williams, I'm working with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to enhance safety for corrections officers.
Kris and I served up her delicious baked honey raisin brie at the March of Dimes Gourmet Gala last night!
Today I questioned Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen about rising concerns related to the nation’s $17 trillion debt and the alarming portion of U.S. bonds being held by foreign governments, such as China and Japan.
