"Immigration reform legislation must stop the flow of illegal immigrants, and the tough border security provisions in this amendment represent an aggressive effort to finally regain control of our southern border.  This amendment doubles the number of border security agents at the southern border, doubles the amount of border fencing, and ensures the best border surveillance and security technology is in place. The measure also requires full implementation of E-Verify - further discouraging illegal immigration by making it nearly impossible to work in the U.S. illegally."
NA
I voted against proceeding to the Hoeven/Corker amendment today because I’m concerned it doesn’t adequately put border security first, which must be our top priority. Read my statement below and share your thoughts on this important debate.
Enjoyed visiting Mercy R&D in Springfield last week as they unveiled an incredible medical breakthrough to protect and repair wounded warriors’ eyesight. Check out KOLR10’s report.
Any effort to address illegal immigration must secure the border first and provide for real enforcement.  The Corker-Hoeven amendment does not achieve this goal, and I will vote against it.  Barring significant — and at this point highly unlikely — changes to the underlying bill, I will vote against it as well.
Only 99 days until #Obamacare’s official start – is HHS ready? #TrainWreck
The idea that today’s vote is simply on border security is misleading. The original amendment offered by Senators Corker and Hoeven has been merged into a massive substitute for the original bill by Majority Leader Reid. The American people are pretty unified in their demands for a secure border. However, what Majority Leader Reid is offering with this bill is immediate amnesty with a ‘promise’ of future security enhancements that will likely never happen. This is another instance of Washington’s rush to do something, instead of doing the right thing.
While we certainly want to promote renewable fuels that don’t compete with food, the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) mandate manipulates the corn marketplace, a commodity that can easily stand on its own, and in turn increases food costs. Read about our efforts to repeal it in this blog post.
NA
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: June is National Dairy Month, a time to recognize the dairy industry’s significant contribution to the world.  Idaho dairy producers and processors are leading the charge in developing and producing innovative dairy products that are feeding families within and beyond Idaho’s borders.  For example, Glanbia Foods is the largest American-style cheese manufacturer in the United States and one of the largest whey ingredient producers, and Chobani’s award-winning Twin Falls Greek yogurt facility produces nearly 1 million cases of Greek yogurt per week.  As we celebrate the important contributions of the dairy industry, we must start here in Idaho and continually make progress in increasing access to Idaho dairy products.
VIDEO: Cornyn: This is 'Not Democracy,' It's a 'Dictatorship':
Breitbart: Cornyn Rips Harry Reid on Amnesty Rush: This Is 'Not Democracy,' It's 'Dictatorship'
NRO: Cornyn: 'That's Not Democracy...That's a Dictatorship:'
Cornyn on border security 'surge:' "Same old Washington song and dance."
Cornyn on Democrats' refusal to allow amendments to immigration bill: this is a democracy, not a dictatorship
Cornyn, Cruz Lead Conservative Push Against Border Security 'Surge:'
PHOTO: Pleased to speak at the State Bar of Texas Association's annual luncheon:
PHOTO: Good meeting with Texas Tech president Dr. Duane Nellis:
PHOTO: Great to speak with the Austin Chamber of Commerce last week:
NRO: Cornyn Will Oppose Corker-Hoeven:
Cornyn to Oppose Hoeven-Corker Amendment:
Will oppose Corker-Hoeven amendment. Same tired approach of crafting a piece of legislation that does nothing more than throw money at the problem simply won’t cut it.
Senator Corker said the report released today by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) underscores the need for the Senate to pass the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment.  “After seeing today’s CBO report I don’t know why anyone who cares about securing the border and interior enforcement wouldn’t support the border security amendment that Senator Hoeven and I offered on Friday,” said Corker. “I understand that some of my colleagues may have concerns about the underlying bill, but that’s not what tonight’s vote was on. Tonight’s vote on the Hoeven-Corker amendment offered a simple choice: either you support increased security on our nation’s southern border, or you support abdicating Congress’ responsibility to Janet Napolitano. I encourage my colleagues to support improving the underlying bill by passing the Hoeven-Corker amendment when we have the final vote later this week.”   The CBO report highlights that the Hoeven-Corker amendment “would significantly increase border security relative to the committee-approved version of the bill, and it would strengthen enforcement action against those who stay in the country after their authorization has expired. Therefore, CBO expects that, relative to the committee-approved version of S. 744, the amendment would reduce both illegal entry into the country and the number of people who stay in the country beyond the end of their authorized period [visa overstays].”  The report also reiterates that the amended bill would achieve substantial deficit reduction.  Read more, including the full report here: http://1.usa.gov/14TQS2L.
In an interview on Fox News this morning, Senator Corker discussed the amendment he co-authored with Senator John Hoeven to strengthen security on the nation’s southern border. “I understand there are people that may have concerns about the overall bill, but tonight’s vote is about [the five triggers in the Hoeven-Corker amendment]... [T]hese are the things that we have been striving for for years to have implemented… [T]his is the strongest border amendment I can imagine being in place…  If you're concerned about border security, this amendment is one you support,” said Corker. Watch the full interview here: http://bit.ly/11WxJbf.
In an interview on Fox News this morning, Republican political consultant and policy advisor Karl Rove dispelled a number of myths about the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment.  “First of all, there will never be enough time for some members. This amendment from Senators Corker of Tennessee and Hoeven of North Dakota is 119 pages. It’s been laid out since Friday. It’s relatively easy to read. It’s part of the larger bill that’s been laid out since May, so there’s plenty of time for people to read it,” said Rove.  He went on to lay out the amendment’s five tangible, concrete triggers, saying: “The Hoeven-Corker amendment essentially has five provisions: 20,000 more border patrol. There are roughly 21,000 today. $4.5 billion additional for border security measures. A guarantee of 700 miles of pedestrian fence along the border. We now have 350. And then, it requires an implementation of an entry-exit system for visas. Right now, about 40% of people who get a visa to come to the United States overstay it. This is a system that will allow us to know when they come in, where they go out, and where they are. And finally, full implementation of what is called e-verify. That is to say before you can get hired for any job in America you have to demonstrate you’re a U.S. citizen.”  Responding to misleading media reports that the Hoeven-Corker amendment grants instant amnesty, Rove said: “[Reports] turned out simply not to be true. Instead, it was a very narrow provision that said if you are from one of nine countries that get what’s called Temporary Protective Status, because of war or conflict inside your country, and you've been employed for ten years, the last ten years, you can… get in line to become a citizen, ultimately at the back of the line.”  Watch the interview here: http://bit.ly/17xSFyk. To read a complete myth vs. fact sheet on the Hoeven-Corker amendment, click here: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3.
In Case You Missed It: In an op-ed in Human Events this morning, Senator Marco Rubio writes that the amendment Senator Corker co-authored with Senator John Hoeven "was developed with input from border patrol officials, border state officials, and security experts. It stipulates that no illegal immigrant can even apply to become a legal permanent resident of the U.S. until at least ten years have elapsed and until five security triggers are achieved." Rubio goes on to write, "I understand the American people’s frustration. I know that these promises have been made in the past. But here’s the reality of it: the choice before us is to try to fix this, or leave it way it is and risk an even bigger problem due to Washington’s inaction. What we have today is a disaster of epic proportions. Eleven million human beings living among us, and we don’t know who they are. They are working but not paying taxes. There are criminals among them. That has to be solved. We need to fix this, and this is our chance to fix it." Read more here: http://bit.ly/10fOBNx.
MUST READ: Hoeven-Corker Amendment Myth vs. Fact: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3
Senator Corker issued a statement this evening to clarify that 1,100 pages of the immigration bill have been public since May. “I’ve seen reports of a ‘1,200 page bill’ no one has read or had time to read. To be clear, the tough border and interior enforcement provisions that Sen. Hoeven and I offered on Friday make up 119 pages added to the 1,100 pages that have been public since May,” said Corker. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/19iusfY.
This "border security" amendment to the Gang of Eight deal is very reminiscent of Wimpy from Popeye: I will gladly secure the border next Tuesday for legalization today.
The Gang of Eight deal interacts with Obamacare to subsidize the hiring of illegal immigrants over legal immigrants and even citizens. 
 
 In response, I proposed an amendment to the bill to defund Obamacare and ensure that doesn't happen. SHARE if you're with me!
This pass amnesty first, read the bill later “deal” from the Senate must be rejected!   Watch & SHARE why:
If you live in or near Sundance, Newcastle, Lusk, Torrington, Pine Bluffs, Laramie, or Rawlins, I will be in your area during the week of the 4th of July congressional work period holding listening sessions. Come share your ideas and solutions for America’s problems with me. This is your time to let me know what I should be working on back in Washington. I’ll be ready to listen and take notes. Click the link below for more information.
Though I appreciate the efforts of my colleagues, the Schumer-Corker-Hoeven amendment falls short on a number of critical border security issues. Rather than simply throwing taxpayer money at the problem with promises of dramatic improvements, we need a proposal that brings about verifiable, measurable results along the southern border.   This amendment also provides provisional legal status to illegal immigrants long before border security is achieved. With this legal status comes almost certain access to billions of dollars in federal benefits – all at the expense of taxpayers.   In short, American taxpayers demand – and they deserve – better policy than the Schumer-Corker-Hoeven amendment.
Just sent a letter to the Russian Ambassador to the United States about the case of Edward Snowden.
I don't think Mr. Snowden is a hero.  I believe he hurt or nation and compromised an important national security program. I hope we'll chase him to the ends of the earth and bring him to justice.  The freedom trail is not exactly China, Russia, Cuba, and Venezuela.
Had a blast at the Reno Rodeo last night. Always great to spend time with family and fellow Nevadans.
We need to secure the border first. Read the facts on the Hoeven/Corker Border Surge amendment here: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=5ab61a63-79bc-4994-8a9c-4dabbd19c793
A secure border and a path to citizenship are good for Illinois' economy and good for Illinois jobs.
The Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, which I co-chair, hosted Hiring Our Heroes, GE and USAA to talk new ideas for vet jobs
As a proponent of immigration reform, my problem has been sequencing and the fact that it's not a good idea to try to attack the entire problem at once. That's how you end up with a 1,200-page bill.
In Kentucky, the unemployment rate for 20- to 24-year-olds is 14 percent, higher than the national average. And once Obamacare comes on line, health care costs will assume a significant role in this age group’s budget. Young men could see their health insurance outlays increase by 50 percent. Unfortunately, liberal Democrats in Washington would rather see interest rates double than find a solution.
Our immigration system is broken and our borders are not secure. Rather than focus on solving one or two issues at a time and delivering the reforms Americans are asking for, the Senate has chosen to lump every immigration and border security problem together into one massive and flawed bill. Americans are keenly aware of where this irresponsible method of legislating has gotten us in the past – but the Senate has clearly learned nothing from the failure of the 1986 immigration reform bill, and more recently the rushed passage of Dodd-Frank and Obamacare.  Not surprisingly, the open debate Americans were promised has been replaced by backroom talks, limited amendments and excessive haste. On an issue of such significance, the American people deserve to have their voices heard through a process that allows their elected representatives to offer and vote on amendments. Even the failed immigration bill of 2007 had a more open process, with 46 amendments being voted on compared to just 10 amendments to the current bill.  The most recent of these amendments is a hastily crafted ‘border security deal’ that promises to finally secure the border. Yet, time and time again Congress has passed laws directing the administration to secure the border, only to see those directives never fully implemented. If Congress is going to link a pathway to citizenship to the promise of border security, Americans deserve assurances up front – not flexible enforcement provisions and exceptions.  Americans want Congress to fix our flawed immigration system the right way, and fix it for good. A 1,000-page bill that the Congressional Budget Office estimates would only reduce the number of illegal immigrants by 25 percent does not meet this standard. There are many issues on which Republicans and Democrats agree – such as making certain American companies have the high-skilled talent they need to grow and create jobs – and I believe the Senate could have passed several targeted bills by wide margins. Unfortunately, the ‘we can’t do anything unless we do everything’ approach has prevailed once again. The final result is a massive bill I cannot support because it fails to fix our broken immigration system.
I’m glad the Supreme Court is going to look at the President’s controversial recess appointments like I requested – two courts have already found them unlawful.  This is not about politics or the merit of any person’s worthiness for an appointment – this is strictly about the separation of powers.  I don’t believe the President, regardless of party, should be able to appoint whomever he chooses to major offices while we are working in our home states.  The lower courts agree with me, and now, the Supreme Court will weigh in.
Just introduced bill to strengthen E-Verify and prevent future illegal immigration.
The justice system is stacked against minorities, even though white people use drugs just as often. Why is this happening? Why the vast disparity?  Read my op-ed: http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2013/06/24/rand-paul-marijuana-arrests-column/2452259/
"With the tech industry, as with most things, it is vitally important that government stays out of the way. These are exciting times that will inevitably present new challenges, — something America will no doubt continue to rise to."   Read my entire op-ed here:http://thehill.com/special-reports/technology-june-2013-/306375-government-should-stay-out-of-the-way-of-innovation-on-the-internet
Yesterday, I appeared on CNN's State of the Union with Candy Crowley. Click here to watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gtRAtfNhn0
There is a $1.5 billion jobs bill in the current immigration legislation.
We are less than 100 days until the Obamacare exchanges are set to open, and the administration is far from ready. The American people have no idea what is coming, and it doesn't look good.  "Train wreck" seems to be an understatement.   http://trib.in/12d1tEV
ICYMI: Rubio: ObamaCare Must Be Stopped: http://1.usa.gov/10gjamh
ICYMI: Rubio: A Border Surge For A Secure Future Rubio: “Together, these technologies will help us see who is coming across our border; the fence will make it harder for drugs and people to illegally cross; the increased manpower will make sure we apprehend those who cross; and the E-Verify system will make sure that there is no future for those who live in our country illegally. This is what’s needed to prevent a repeat of the disaster we have today.”
Sessions: “The sponsors of the Corker-Hoeven substitute fell short of the votes they expected tonight to advance what they had erroneously billed to other Senators as a strong border security amendment. Failure to capture the votes they anticipated for this motion demonstrates the building unease this 1,200-page legislative monstrosity has created. I expect that unease will increase as Senators learn more about what’s really inside this proposal.  The Gang of Eight and their allies revealed their true tactics tonight. They shut down debate and blocked amendments to a 1,200-page immigration bill that no one has read. It was anything but the open and fair process that they had promised.  What we know for absolute certain is that this bill guarantees three things: instantaneous amnesty, permanent lawlessness, and a massive expansion in legal immigration that will reduce wages for working Americans. This legislation is a crushing blow to the working people of this country, a surrender to illegality, and a capitulation to special interests over the interests of the citizens we pledged to represent.”
Vote to advance 1,200-page substitute immigration bill in 10 minutes at 5:30pm EST. You can watch live here:
ICE Officers: "If forced to vote today, on behalf their constituents, Senators must vote no on this 1,200 page substitute bill... The 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future."
USCIS Officers: "[Corker-Hoeven amendment] will exacerbate USCIS concerns about threats to national security and public safety… This bill should be opposed… Hopefully, lawmakers will read the bill before casting their votes."
Sessions: “The vote that we’ll be having later this afternoon is not on the Corker-Hoeven amendment as I think most Senators may have thought… It was filed as a complete substitute to the whole bill. So this is a vote this afternoon to give Majority Leader Reid procedural control of the debate. It’s his motion to shut off debate on a 1,200-page substitute [that] no one has read… This is exactly what happened with Obamacare. The majority rushed through a complex bill so there would be no time to digest what was in it.”
Stay tuned: Sessions to begin debate shortly on the now 1,200 page omnibus immigration bill. Vote at 5:30pm EST to cut-off debate. You can watch live here:
CRITICAL ALERT: Vote Today On Reid Procedural Motion To Silence Debate On Entire 1,200-Page Substitute Bill No One Has Read  Vote Is Not On Corker-Hoeven As Standalone, But Entire Merged Proposal  1,200-page substitute provides immediate amnesty without enforcement; legalization for convicted criminals; vast unchecked discretion for Secretary Napolitano; almost instant access to state and local benefit programs; ICE and USCIS officers warn new substitute bill is even worse for public safety and national security than original bill  Sessions: “The vote today is not a vote on just the Corker-Hoeven amendment. The vote today at 5:30 pm is a vote on Majority Leader Reid’s procedural motion to shut down debate on a 1,200-page substitute bill no one has read. The Corker-Hoeven amendment no longer exists as a standalone proposal. The amendment and the bill have been merged into a single 1,200-page substitute proposal. They are now one and the same. And the Majority Leader’s motion will stifle amendments and accelerate the vote on final passage before anyone has vetted the modified legislation.  A vote for cloture is therefore a vote for silencing debate on 1,200 pages of provisions including:  • Immediate amnesty without enforcement • Weakened interior enforcement • Legalization for gang members and convicted criminals • Unprecedented amnesty for future visa overstays • There is no border surge—agents aren’t required until 2021 which means it will never happen—and DHS retains the explicit waiver authority to build no fence and install no technology at all. • A dramatic increase in low-skill legal immigration that CBO says will reduce wages for U.S. workers  A vote for cloture is also a vote in favor of a process that has included a series of earmarked provisions as ‘sweeteners’ to obtain votes, including: $1.5 billion in federal stimulus spending for the vote of just one single senator and changes to visa rules to benefit industry in a single state.  Senator Rubio said he wouldn’t support a process that was rushed and that was not transparent. I hope that he, and all members who believe in open process, will vote against Majority Leader Reid’s motion to silence debate on a bill no one has read. And I would further issue a challenge to the sponsors of this bill: if your proposal is so good, then why not commit to extensive, open debate on it? Why do we have to pass this out of here before Members go home to face their constituents over July 4th? Whose interests do we serve?”
Sessions op-ed in USA Today: “The U.S. Senate is on the verge of delivering a crushing economic blow to you and your family.  The wages of working Americans have been falling since 1999. But the immigration bill hurtling to a vote in the Senate would add 30 million mostly lower-skill legal immigrants over the next decade — tripling the current legal immigration rate. It would also double the number of guest workers…  One in seven recent college graduates is unemployed. One in three Americans without a high school diploma is out of work. One in two African-American teenagers looking for a job can't find one. Yet the Senate plan would provide immediate work authorization for those here illegally, while dramatically expanding the avenues for businesses to hire workers from abroad…  Every special interest was consulted in the crafting of this immigration bill. Left out of the equation is you, your family and your country. Where does your senator stand?”
CRITICAL ALERT: Vote Tomorrow On Reid Procedural Motion To Silence Debate On 1,200-Page Amendment No One Has Read  Vote Is Not On Corker-Hoeven As Standalone, But To Accelerate Entire Substitute Bill  1,200-page substitute provides immediate amnesty without enforcement; legalization for convicted criminals; no border surge or fence requirement; further weakens ICE; ‘sweeteners’ to obtain votes  Sessions: “The vote tomorrow is not a vote on just the Corker-Hoeven amendment. The vote tomorrow at 5:30 pm is a vote on Majority Leader Reid’s procedural motion to shut down debate on a 1,200-page substitute bill no one has read. The Corker-Hoeven amendment no longer exists as a standalone proposal. The amendment and the bill have been merged into a single 1,200-page substitute proposal. They are now one and the same. And the Majority Leader’s motion will stifle amendments and accelerate the vote on final passage before anyone has vetted the modified legislation.  A vote for cloture is therefore a vote for silencing debate on 1,200 pages of provisions including:  -Immediate amnesty without enforcement -Weakened interior enforcement -Legalization for gang members and convicted criminals -Unprecedented amnesty for future visa overstays -There is no border surge—agents aren’t required until 2021 which means it will never happen—and DHS retains the explicit waiver authority to build no fence and install no technology at all. -A dramatic increase in low-skill legal immigration that CBO says will reduce wages for US workers  A vote for cloture is also a vote in favor of a process that has included a series of earmarked provisions as ‘sweeteners’ to obtain votes, including: $1.5 billion in federal stimulus spending for the vote of just one single senator and changes to visa rules to benefit industry in a single state.  Senator Rubio said he wouldn’t support a process that was rushed and that was not transparent. I hope that he, and all members who believe in open process, will vote against Majority Leader Reid’s motion to silence debate on a bill no one has read. And I would further issue a challenge to the sponsors of this bill: if your proposal is so good, then why not commit to extensive, open debate on it? Why do we have to pass this out of here before Members go home to face their constituents over July 4th? Whose interests do we serve?”
We're honoring South Carolina's Korean War Era veterans in two ceremonies on July 27. The honor ceremonies will be held at USC-Upstate in Spartanburg and the Charleston Area Convention Center in North Charleston. All interested veterans can register by calling either our Greenville (864-233-5366) or North Charleston (843-727-4525) offices. I look forward to seeing you there!  For more information, click here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/veterans-honor-ceremonies-be-held-upstate-lowcountry
Glad to see the #SupremeCourt will take up a case involving the President's recess appointments to the #NLRB.  More: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-applauds-supreme-court-hearing-nlrb-case
NA
Just voted against cloture on the Corker-Hoeven amendment to the immigration bill. This amendment fails to address what’s truly wrong with our broken immigration system.
As a member of the Legislative Wing of the Civil Air Patrol, I'm glad my Northeast PA regional director, Brian Langan, was on hand to congratulate members of Scranton’s Composite Squadron 201 and present a certificate of appreciation on my behalf. The Civil Air Patrol serves as the official auxiliary of the U.S. Air Force.
Working to add Lincoln's railroad station to Gettysburg National Military Park before the battle's 150th anniversary on July 1:
Very pleased that Emanuel Aponte of Harrisburg was able to stop by my office today and accept this letter of congratulations.  Emanuel was honored by Estamos Unidos de Pennsylvania for graduating with honors from John Harris High.  
 
 He will attend Penn State Harrisburg in the fall, where he will major in Political Science.  Congratulations Emanuel and Good Luck!
June 28, 1863: Major. Gen. George Meade was given command of Army of the Potomac, just 3 days before the first shots would be fired at Gettysburg.
From the outset of this debate, I have argued that securing the border must be our top priority in stopping illegal immigration once for and all. The Senate had an opportunity today to strengthen the underlying immigration bill with tougher provisions for enforcement. This includes an additional 20,000 border patrol agents, finishing the more than 700 miles of reinforced fencing, and implementing a more stringent E-Verify system.  Today’s vote is not the end of the debate on the immigration bill, but it does provide stronger enforcement than the provisions of the base bill. I am unlikely to vote in favor of final passage of this bill unless more significant improvements are made in the coming days.   I have offered several amendments to crack down on sanctuary cities and toughen the requirements for illegal immigrants applying for legal status. I hope my amendments are considered by the full Senate.
Amendments are a key part of the legislative process, and more than 250 have been filed to the immigration bill. I have authored several of these amendments, including important legislation to end so-called “sanctuary cities.”   These localities, which protect illegal immigrants by refusing to assist federal authorities, should not be allowed to flout the law.   Read more by clicking the link below.
