Sen. Alexander meets with Tori Ruis of LaVergne High School to congratulate her on being named Tennessee Assistant Principal of the Year for 2014 by the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
Recently at Watertown Elementary in Wilson County, Sen. Alexander spoke to students about the importance of education and presented the school with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol. To read the latest from Alexander on his travels around Tennessee and more, sign up for his monthly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/1mvGeXe
Today Senator Ayotte met with Bill Lonergan, Associate Dean of students at Pinkerton Academy, who was named New Hampshire's Assistant Principal of the year!
Our state is in the path of some potentially severe weather - everyone stay safe today and please take appropriate precautions.
The Fort Hood shooting is a terrible tragedy for all Americans, especially for those who are willing to serve and for their families. Our military bases on American soil should be the safest place possible for our servicemen and women and for their loved ones. It’s hard enough to fight wars with no front lines. We cannot accept that our military bases are not secure for the people and families who sacrifice to protect our country.
The medical device tax is putting America’s patient health and innovation at risk.
Today the Intelligence Committee voted to declassify the Detention and Interrogation Report to give the American people the opportunity to make their own judgments.
It's such a treat to get a visit from my sister at my DC office. Thanks to Debbie and other representatives of Child Care Aware of Arkansas for stopping by.
Internet freedom is vitally important to our lives, economy and ability to share information. The National Telecommunications and Information Administration – the federal agency that advises the president on telecommunications policies – recently announced that it intends to relinquish the functions of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, which oversees the allocation of IP addresses, to the global multistakeholder community.  The Internet must not fall under the control of bad actors in the international community or a heavy-handed global agency. I joined with a group of my colleagues to write to the administration and ask that the current model for the Internet be preserved to ensure that online freedom is protected.   Click below to read our letter:
A terrible tragedy last night at Fort Hood. Please join me in praying for those injured and those who lost a loved one.
NA
Five million Americans, including 10 percent of Idaho’s seniors, are currently suffering from the effects of Alzheimer’s disease, and that number is expected to dramatically increase in the coming years.  I joined Massachusetts Senator Ed Markey to introduce bipartisan legislation critical to life-saving Alzheimer’s research.  S. 2192, the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act, requests the National Institutes of Health (NIH) devise a blueprint outlining a coordinated research path forward to help Congress and the public more effectively prioritize federal resources, at no additional cost to the government, to move us closer to treating and preventing a disease that poses a significant threat to our nation’s seniors.  In addition, the bill works to reduce the tremendous cost of caring for patients diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, which is projected to reach a staggering $1.2 trillion by mid-century. Research such as this is not only important to our nation’s physical health, but our fiscal health as well. 
My thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those affected by the terrible tragedy at Fort Hood yesterday.
NA
NA
Tonight, Texans’ hearts are once again very heavy. The scenes coming from Ft. Hood today are sadly too familiar and still too fresh in our memories.  No community should have to go through this horrific violence once, let alone twice. I ask that all Americans join Sandy and me in praying for the victims, their families and the entire Ft. Hood community.
Senator Corker joined 34 of his Senate Republican colleagues yesterday in sending a letter to the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), seeking clarification regarding the recent announcement that NTIA intends to relinquish responsibility of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions, the system for assigning website addresses, to the global multistakeholder community.  “With the Internet playing an increasingly critical role in providing economic and educational opportunity for Americans as well as powerfully promoting liberty abroad, the United States must ensure the Internet remains free and open, and out of the hands of foreign governments or bad actors,” Corker said.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1j6tMwe.
Senator Corker congratulates Tori Ruis of La Vergne High School in Rutherford County for being named Tennessee’s Assistant Principal of the Year by the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 50 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
On Tuesday, Senators Corker and Alexander announced that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) has granted a portion of TennCare’s waiver request that provides Tennessee an additional $80 million for the Essential Access Hospital payments in the absence of Tennessee Medicaid disproportionate share hospital (DSH) program funding for this current fiscal year. The waiver also adds Erlanger Medical Center in Chattanooga to the Public Hospital Supplemental Payment (PHSP) Pool, which includes $30 million of funding for the hospital.  “I’m pleased CMS has granted a portion of TennCare’s waiver request, ensuring Tennessee hospitals can continue to provide uninsured and low-income patients with vital health care services,” Corker said. “While this partial waiver is only a temporary fix, I remain committed to working with Senator Alexander to find a permanent solution as soon as possible so Tennessee patients, doctors and hospitals are not faced with this uncertainty each year.”  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/QIkhu5.
Perfect example of why voter ID is critical to protect the integrity of our elections. 
When Americans speak up, it makes a difference. A record number of Americans spoke out against a regulation being considered by the IRS to stifle free speech of 501(c)(4) political groups.  As a result, it is unlikely those rules will be implemented this year. This is a substantial victory for the grassroots and should serve as motivation to continue pressuring the IRS to drop the rule completely: http://1.usa.gov/Ofsx2q
It should go without saying, but under no circumstance should we allow a known terrorist to enter the United States as a UN Ambassador or otherwise.
We could help people get and keep a lot more jobs by putting a reasonable restraint on new regulations. Senate majority should stop blocking attempts to muzzle the rabid regulation machine.
Congratulations to Central Arizona Project on the 20th anniversary of the Lake Pleasant Storage Reservoir. Thanks to those who planned CAP and Lake Pleasant, Arizona is fortunate to have a stable water supply now, and to be well positioned to address future water needs. #Time2TalkH20 
NA
What is the more egregious waste of your taxdollars - $130,000 for the Baltimore Ravens to hock #Obamacare or $5 million for custom, State Department stemware? #8ofWaste #FinalFour
The Senate is considering legislation to extend unemployment insurance benefits for the long-term unemployed. I believe the best way to help out-of-work Americans is to make it easier and less expensive for employers to hire new workers. My column this week lays out job-creating measures I've offered in the Senate that would enable more people to find work, earn a paycheck, and provide for their family. 
It was great to meet with High School seniors from Superior on the steps of the Capitol this morning. Enjoy the rest of your trip to DC!
The fact that Al-Qaeda affiliated terrorists murdered four Americans in Libya on the anniversary of the September 11th attacks was completely at odds with the political narrative that the Obama Administration was selling at the height of a presidential election – the message that Al-Qaeda was ‘decimated.’   This was the narrative that the Administration continued trying to sell to the American people for weeks after the Benghazi attack, despite clear evidence to the contrary and over the stated disagreements of our own personnel on the ground, including the CIA’s Chief of Station.   This looks like deception and a cover up, and it requires a willing suspension of disbelief to think the White House and its allies were not actively involved.
Praying 4 Fort Hood families
R&D tax credit helps companies innovate, create jobs Why not small biz too? My amendment passed in FINANCE Com will help
Biodiesel frm soybean, cooking oils REDUCES greenhouse gasses I helped to restore key tax incentive in FINANCEcom today
Wind energy =breath of FRESHair FinanceCom approves my amdnt 2extend tax incentives-help support jobs, manufacturing
NA
NA
My thoughts and prayers are with the Army community and the men and women at Ft. Hood.  Our men and women in uniform who risk their lives overseas in defense of our nation should never have to face such senseless violence here at home.
So how many people, previously uninsured, are covered by Obamacare? The administration won't say.  http://t.co/QnlI2tVmXr
Senator Johnson met today with high school students from Janesville school district's Washington Seminar program.
Sen. Johnson & @SenatorBaldwin offered a friendly wager today w/ KY senators on the #Badgers game this wknd! http://t.co/WHKVNBeS9i
The Cobalt question. http://t.co/m0VviXpy9P
How hard the government has been toward a competitor to the auto company the Obama administration bailed out. http://t.co/fdNUz2idXw
Senator Johnson and his staff showed their Wisconsin Badgers spirit by wearing red today! Check out some photos from our Oshkosh, Milwaukee and Washington offices!!
7.1 million sign-ups. How many previously were uninsured? The administration cannot or will not say. http://t.co/RJ36gAby2e
Remember when nonpartisan analysts said Obamacare would cover 14 million uninsured people by this year?   http://t.co/kNmcg25eKw
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and victims of the senseless act of violence today at Fort Hood.
#Iran's new ambassador to the UN participated in the 1979 hostage crisis. President Obama should deny him a visa to enter the U.S.
I wrote this op-ed with Ben Sasse from Nebraska about the president's "mission accomplished" moment in the Rose Garden on Tuesday:  "The good news is that the final chapter on the president’s disastrous health insurance takeover has not been written. Conservatives are making a strong comeback with concrete proposals that, if enacted, would create real progress toward better healthcare outcomes for all Americans.  "Conservatives should have an honest conversation with the American people about the problems with the president’s health care law and the solutions we have to fix them." #Obamacare #FullRepeal
Congratulations to Noelle Pikus-Pace on winning the US Olympics moment of the Olympic Games! Utah is proud of your accomplishments. #BestofUS
This afternoon on the U.S. Senate Floor, I paid tribute to "Mr. Flour" — Hudson's Alvin Brensing. Alvin was a businessman, volunteer, husband and father who lived a full life before passing away in December. I encourage you to watch to the remarks and learn more about this great Kansan.
NA
Alaskan fishermen need to have a level playing field when it comes to our fisheries, which is why it is so important to cut down on pirates who are breaking the rules.  Two treaties I have been working to get through the Senate would do just that: 
The lawyers who railroaded Ted Stevens are still working at the Dept. of Justice and are appealing their punishment for their prosecutorial misconduct.  Is this really “harsh discipline?” 
Right now, there are 90 villages in Alaska without any law enforcement, and it's clear we need to do something to boost public safety throughout our state.  I think tribal courts could be one important part of the puzzle and today I asked for an action plan from the BIA: 
Senator McConnell and I made a friendly wager with Senators Ron Johnson and Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin on the outcome of Saturday's NCAA Final Four basketball game. The stakes are a selection of Wisconsin bratwurst and cheese against Kentucky Derby-Pie® from Kern's Kitchen in Louisville.  Game on. http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1134
Meeting on the Capitol steps with students, teachers and parents from Jonathan Elementary School in Marshall County #KY
“This is a deliberately-designed abuse of federal resources and enforcement powers for purely political purposes, and it’s part of a larger pattern,” Roberts said. “Unfortunately, I believe this administration is using the IRS to shut down its critics and opponents. It’s all about campaign politics and an effort to shape the coming election.”
Proud to read Kansan Charles Koch's patriotic op-ed in the Wall Street Journal this morning.    http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303978304579475860515021286?mod=trending_now_1
Senators Rubio, Cardin Introduce Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act Of 2014: http://1.usa.gov/1kvNCR8  “For far too long the Assad regime and violent extremists in Syria have committed horrific human rights violations at the expense of millions of innocent Syrians,” said Rubio. “These brutal crimes against civilians are appalling. The perpetrators deserve to be brought to justice, and this bill is a first step towards ensuring those responsible for human rights abuses are held accountable.” 
Obama Administration Refuses To Reaffirm That “Six Assurances” Is Still U.S. Policy On Taiwan: http://1.usa.gov/1dVR9cT  Rubio Calls on Administration to clarify its position that U.S. is not walking away from commitments to Taiwan   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Ranking Member of the Senate’s Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs, today called on the Obama Administration to recommit itself to the “Six Assurances” as the centerpiece of U.S. foreign policy with respect to Taiwan.   During a subcommittee hearing on Taiwan this morning, Daniel Russel, Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, refused to confirm that the “Six Assurances” remain the guiding principles of U.S. policy toward Taiwan, as they have been since the early 1980s.   “I am troubled that Assistant Secretary Russel was not willing to clearly reaffirm President Reagan’s ‘Six Assurances’ regarding U.S. commitments to Taiwan,” said Rubio. “For decades, every administration, Democrat and Republican, including this one, has reaffirmed these commitments. I am concerned that today’s failure to once again make our commitment to Taiwan’s security clear sends a dangerous message to China.    “I intend to seek clarification about this issue directly from Secretary Kerry,” Rubio added. 
Senator Rubio Fights To Reform Veterans Affairs With Boehner, Miller, Veterans Groups: http://1.usa.gov/1mNdZGr  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today joined House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH), Representative Jeff Miller (R-FL) and representatives of several veterans’ service organizations at a press event to call on Congress to pass legislation sponsored by Rubio in the Senate and Miller in the House that would bring greater accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) for meeting the needs of America’s veterans, including its disability claims backlog.    “As Congressman Miller outlined a moment ago, the vast majority of the casework we're now getting in our offices in Florida —  a significant majority of the casework we’re now getting — is related to Veterans Affairs and to the inability of this department to effectively and accountably deliver the services that these men and women have earned through their service to our country,” said Rubio. “What this bill does is pretty straightforward. It allows the secretary of the department to be able to fire and hold accountable senior executive officials within the department, when in fact there's breakdown in accountability. It’s the exact same thing that exists in the private sector. It exists in our congressional offices, but it does not exist in a government agency of this importance.    “Let me reiterate what's already been said: The enormous and vast majority of the 300,000 men and women who work in this agency, work hard and do a great job. But like any organization, there's going to be breakdowns. And when there are, people need to be held accountable, especially at the senior management level,” added Rubio. “And so I hope that the House acts on this measure, that in the Senate, my colleagues across the aisle will see the importance of it and act quickly as well.”  ... 
Shelby tells Attorney General Holder:  “We need to make sure that inspector generals have unfettered access to documents that could root out wrongdoing in any department.” 
NA
In case you missed it: here's my speech on the Senate floor today on my amendments to strengthen federal job training and restore the 40-hour workweek
Heading to the Senate floor now to speak on my amendments fixing federal job training and restoring the 40-hour workweek!   You can stream here: http://www.c-span.org/video/?318676-1/us-senate-legislative-business
Fun talking with students visiting DC from Socastee High School in Myrtle Beach! Thanks for letting me borrow the Krispy Kreme hat.
My #SEAJobsAct creates a veteran workforce training program for oil and natural gas jobs, as well as partnerships between industry, state universities and HBCUs to increase #STEM education and spur the next generation of energy scientists.
I was glad to work across the aisle on the JOBS Act. It's working:
The Senate has approved 4 treaties to combat illegal pirate fishing--a global problem with very local consequences.
