Alexander and 44 of his Senate Republican colleagues today sent a letter to President Obama demanding answers and saying, “The First Amendment protects the rights of the American people to organize and speak up and speak out, and the IRS has violated those rights by creating what sounds like an enemies list to keep people quiet.” To read the letter and more on Alexander’s response to the IRS’s admitted targeting of conservative groups and others, click here: http://1.usa.gov/16hfxRC
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander appeared on FOX News’ “On the Record” with Greta Van Susteren last night to discuss HHS Secretary Sebelius’s “end run on Congress” to fundraise and coordinate with private entities to implement the president’s health care law.  Alexander said, “It sounds like the way Iran-Contra started. Benghazi sounds like the way Watergate started. The excessive looking for leaks among up to 100 A.P. employees sounds like the way the ‘White House plumbers’ started. The IRS sounds like the ‘enemies list’ back in the Nixon administration. All of these are very unpleasant echoes, and an administration ought to not want that to happen. ”
On FOX News’ “On the Record” with Greta Van Susteren, Senator Alexander discussed HHS Secretary Sebelius’s fundraising to implement the president’s healthcare law as part of a “pattern we’ve been seeing” in the Obama administration and an “unpleasant echo” of the past. Alexander said, “This sounds like the way Iran-Contra started. Benghazi sounds like the way Watergate started. The excessive looking for leaks among up to 100 A.P. employees sounds like the way the ‘White House plumbers’ started. The IRS sounds like the ‘enemies list’ back in the Nixon administration. All of these are very unpleasant echoes, and an administration ought to not want that to happen.”
Team Ayotte at this morning's ACLI Capital Challenge race, which benefits the Wounded Warrior Project.
I am extremely troubled that the IRS is set to play a dominant role in implementing ObamaCare. We must replace this flawed law with solutions that will put doctors and patients in charge of their own health care, instead of government bureaucrats who clearly can’t be trusted.
The Taxpayer Advocate Office (TAO), a federal IRS overseer, has warned the new health law may require more IRS intrusions on taxpayer privacy.  The same administration and federal agency that gave us the IRS scandal are also in charge of the enforcement of Obamacare.
Obama found out about the IRS scandal and the DOJ's probe into AP via the news? He advocates for bigger government but can’t seem to keep up with his own administration.
The Senate passed a major water resources bill today. Included in this legislation is improved oversight of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers projects in Arkansas and more reliable maintenance of Arkansas ports on the Mississippi River.
Thank you to the Congressional Hunger Center for honoring me with the Bill Emerson & Mickey Leland Hunger Leadership Award.
 As a co-chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus, we’re working to raise awareness and resources to address domestic and international hunger issues.
Americans deserve answers from the administration on IRS targeting Hoosiers and conservative groups nationwide
News Release: Yesterday, I wrote U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, along with all Republican members of the committee, expressing concern that the agency is soliciting private donations to assist with funding for Obamacare.  HHS soliciting private funds is a conflict of interest and further foretells the problems with Obamacare.  HHS must demonstrate legal grounds for its actions.
The U.S. Senate just completed action on the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA).  WRDA is a good bill that will bring jobs and infrastructure improvements to all parts of Idaho.
VIDEO: Cornyn on Today Show Condemning IRS for Targeting TX Tea Party Groups:
KUT: IRS Out of Control, Cornyn Says:
Cornyn, @SenTedCruz Vote to Fix Water Resource and Development Act:
"Revelations confirmed complaints [Cornyn] had received in 2011 and 2012 from...the King Street Patriots, San Antonio Tea Party, Waco Tea Party and True The Vote:"
"For five years, this president has been making the case that a growing and activist government has good intentions and can carry these intentions out with competence. Conservatives have warned that government is dangerous, and even good intentions get bungled in the execution. In different ways, the IRS uproar, the Justice Department leak investigations, the Benghazi tragedy and the misleading attempts to explain it, and the growing problems with implementation of health care reform all bolster the conservative worldview."
Chain of command for Commissioner of IRS: we need to follow the facts wherever they lead
VIDEO: Cornyn: Administration Has Credibility Gap:
Cornyn Demands More Information on AP Phone Record Seizure from AG Holder:
Cornyn in NRO: "Americans have caught their government in multiple lies, and Pres. Obama’s response has been a symphony of obfuscation, misdirection, and denial."
Cornyn in NRO: "The events that have unfolded over the past week are showing big government at its worst."
Proud to welcome officers from around the country to DC for National Police Week.  Thank you for all that you do.
Chron: Cornyn Demands IRS Commissioner's Ouster:
McAllen Monitor: Cornyn Bill Seeks to Address Mexico Water Debt:
Jay Leno: "The IRS has admitted they were targeting conservative groups. President Obama called...it 'outrageous,' and said he would immediately send his Benghazi investigators to look into it."
Cornyn Op-Ed on @NROcorner: Is This America or China?
At a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing this morning, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman stonewalls the American people when asked by Senator Corker whether allegations of secret U.S. cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai help prevent corruption in Afghanistan. Watch the exchange here: http://bit.ly/YVQC32.
Great to join my friends at the Heritage Foundation Prosperity Caucus this evening!
Joint statement with John Cornyn on today's Water Resource and Development Act (WRDA) vote:  Texas has taken significant steps to ensure a robust water infrastructure in the years to come as our state remains one of the fastest growing in the nation. The WRDA legislation that passed through the Senate today contains numerous meritorious projects we support, including those of national scope and that are important to Texas. However, this bill fails to fix an incredibly ineffective system.  For instance, the bill neglects to reduce a substantial backlog of projects, to the detriment of projects with national implications, such as the Sabine-Neches Waterway that has taken 14 years to get approval just to begin construction. Additionally, it expands the Army Corps of Engineers' responsibilities without providing adequate measures for state participation, and eliminates measures designed to ensure projects stay on budget.  Our hope is that we can work with our House colleagues to fix the problems in this bill and ensure an effective and accountable system for water supply and navigation needs in Texas.
Every now and then I see a news story, usually in a publication like the New York Times, complaining that small population state residents have “more voting power” in the Senate per resident than do the larger population states.  When I see such stories it makes me thankful that our country’s founders realized that majorities are always going to want more power and without specific protections, they would be in a position to take that power.  The Senate is that protection.  The House is based on majority rule, but the Senate is based on equal representation of the states, not population.  It’s meant to protect the minority.  Most people in Wyoming don’t want laws that prohibit big soft drinks or infringe on our Constitutional rights, but if some of the higher population areas of this country had their way, these laws would become federal and be forced on our state.  Thanks to the founders for the Senate to protect the minority.  Wyoming residents like to make their own decisions.
Senator Barrasso and I joined colleagues this week in sending a letter to President Obama asking that he help us get to the bottom of the recent IRS scandal. According to a Treasury Inspector General report, the IRS began targeting Tea Party and other similar conservative organizations with increased scrutiny as early as 2010. Click the link below to read the letter.
The resignation of the IRS Acting Commissioner is only the first step in preventing these dangerous practices by the IRS and making sure that no government entity engages in this kind of partisan targeting.  The Administration and Congress must cut this practice off at its roots by preventing this discriminatory practice from ever occurring going forward. I've introduced legislation to help do just that.
As we observe National Peace Officers Memorial Day today and fly our flags at half-staff, I also join Americans in honoring the sacrifice of the courageous fallen officers who have served our country. It’s wonderful to welcome our nation’s law enforcement officers to DC for National Police Week. I continue to be inspired by the bravery they demonstrate in their work every day to keep us safe.
My Senate Republican colleagues and I sent a letter to the President demanding the Administration’s full compliance with congressional investigation requests to get to the bottom of the IRS scandal. The American people deserve answers about how those responsible for the shameful targeting of conservative groups will be held accountable and what will be done to ensure this unconstitutional discrimination does not happen again. “LIKE” and “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/13xque9
Just wrote a letter with Senators Tim Scott, Saxby Chambliss, and Johnny Isakson warning the Obama Administration is jeopardizing the 60-year partnership between the Savannah River Site and South Carolina/Georgia over its interest in changing the agreed-upon plan to dispose of surplus weapons-grade plutonium.
President Obama is insulting my intelligence and the American people by suggesting he called Benghazi a terrorist attack from the get-go.  That is simply not true.
Politically Speaking: Grassley says hallmark of Obama administration is "stonewalling"
My time for 3mile annual Capitol Challenge charity race 32:30 here in DC
Grassley Seeks Details Behind IRS Official’s Apology for Targeting Tax-exempt Groups
Officials believe tax credit made Iowa wind energy announcement possible - The Daily Iowan
I introduced the IRS Accountability Act today. My bill prohibits the IRS from receiving ObamaCare funding to be used for implementing the massive healthcare law. Simply put, right now we can’t trust the IRS to do its job.
 
 Learn all about it here: http://1.usa.gov/10yPHQf
ICYMI: Heller says IRS can’t be trusted to oversee Obamacare via Las Vegas Sun.
“Today, I wish to join the many Americans from across our country who are pausing to observe Peace Officers Memorial Day and remember the fallen officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice while upholding justice and protecting our communities. These brave men and women represent the very best of our nation, and it is fitting and right that we should set aside a day to remember their courage, dedication and willingness to put themselves in harm’s way for the rest of us. In doing this, we help honor the enduring legacy these individuals have left to their families, communities and our nation.”
“The WRDA bill successfully addresses two important priorities for North Dakota, one in the east and one in the west. With authorization for permanent flood control in the Red River Valley we take a big step toward the construction phase of the project, and with inclusion of our States’ Water Rights Act, we block a misguided and unfair proposal by the Corps to charge a fee for access to Missouri River reservoirs.”
“North Dakota has fought long and hard to preserve the integrity of the Missouri River and the rights of our people to use it to support their homes and their livelihoods. We cannot allow the federal government to charge us for water that historically, legally and ethically belongs to the citizens and tribes of North Dakota or any other Missouri River state that sacrificed valuable land and resources to the Pick–Sloan Missouri Basin Program.”
Today, I voted for and the Senate passed the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2013. As senior member and former ranking member of the Environment and Public Works (EPW) Committee, I understand the inherent importance of water infrastructure for the economic prosperity and public health of communities across the country. Recent droughts in Oklahoma have underscored the impact legislation such as WRDA can have on communities, and I am proud to have worked several legislative proposals into the final bill that will bring much needed impacts back to Oklahoma.    http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-secures-major-victory-for-oklahoma-water-infrastructure
Recent reports of the IRS targeting conservative groups for audits and investigations based on political beliefs is mischievous, malicious, and illegal. The president seems to be more focused on taking down his political opposition than he is on tackling the real problems facing our country. Yesterday, the Department of Defense announced they will be furloughing more than 800,000 civilian employees. If the president and his administration had put these political games aside and worked with congress to find a solution to sequestration, many of those civilian employee furloughs could have been avoided.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-administrations-shameful-failure-falls-on-backs-of-civilian-employees
NA
Remembering those who sacrificed everything to keep our communities safe on National Peace Officers Memorial Day.
On May 10, 2013 President Obama issued a major disaster declaration for the State of Illinois, triggering the release of Federal funds to assist individuals and communities recovering from severe flooding  Click the link below to learn more!
Today I was honored to attend the National Peace Officers Memorial service at the U.S. Capitol with members of Ogden City law enforcement, Ogden city officials, and members of Officer Jared Francom's family. We owe a debt of gratitude to those who put their life on the line to protect our communities.
It would be a mistake for Republicans to view the latest IRS scandal as a typical partisan squabble between political parties.  The real lesson is that our massive federal government bureaucracy is inherently dysfunctional, corrupt, and intolerant regardless of who is in charge.  The IRS is a powerful agency that can influence nearly every decision Americans make through its authority to tax and regulate.  It is one of the primary beneficiaries of our out-of-control spending and runaway debt. Organizations and individuals that promote fiscal responsibility, balanced budgets, greater government accountability, and more local autonomy present a threat to the federal expansion that gives the IRS its power.  It should not come as a surprise, then, that the culture of the IRS would promote enhanced scrutiny of these groups.  At its core, the IRS scandal is not the result of one political party attacking another. It is the inevitable consequence of a federal government that has gotten too big and too expensive to control.  When an agency like the IRS can single out Tea Party groups; or the Department of Justice can monitor reporters’ conversations; or HHS regulators can openly extort the regulated; and there are no consequences – we are no longer citizens but subjects.   While it is important we get answers about how and why these groups were targeted by the IRS, firing a few employees will not solve the problem.  The long-term solution is for the American people to demand that government be less involved, less intrusive, and therefore less able to carry out these kinds of abuses.
CJ: Sen. Mitch McConnell & GOP Senate colleagues tell President Barack Obama they expected full cooperation in IRS probe
U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell helped net a victory Wednesday for fishermen near Cumberland River dams, including Wolf Creek Dam in Russell County and Lake Barkley Dam in far Western Kentucky. Read more below:
Kentucky law enforcement who traveled to the nation's capital from across the Commonwealth for National Police Week. We salute you.
McConnell: "The Administration needs to make witnesses available to testify on this and on any other incident of targeting the Administration’s ideological opponents, and to resist the temptation to stonewall or obfuscate what took place. Today, all 44 of my Republican Senate colleagues are joining me in this call. Every member of my conference has signed a letter demanding as much of the President."
McConnell: “This week we mark National Police Week 2013 as a time to pay tribute to the service and sacrifice of the many men and women in Federal, State, and local law enforcement across America. It’s an appropriate time for those of us who benefit from their efforts—and that’s all of us—to express gratitude. I want to especially recognize the many men and women who work to enforce the law in my home State of Kentucky. Many of them have traveled to Washington this week, and today I will have the pleasure of meeting with some of Kentucky’s finest. I want to personally thank them for bravely risking their lives in service of people across the Commonwealth."
We need to make sure all those who protect us, our lands, and our waters are protected from those who would sexually assault them.  That’s why I am co-sponsoring the Coast Guard STRONG Act- to close the loop hole that exempted USCG members from protections the rest of our military men and women have:
I saw some familiar faces at the Arctic Council as we advanced Arctic policy forward responsibly. Permanent participants were there like Gary Harrison of Chickaloon and Bill Erasmus from Yellowknife, Yukon Territory. Both are part of the Arctic Athabaskan Council
On this Peace Officer Memorial Day, we honor the two Alaskans we lost in the line of duty this year: VPSO Thomas Madole and Trooper Tage Toll.  The bell has answered their final call.
First the Ted Stevens prosecutors played ‘hide the ball,' then their suspensions were overturned, now the Justice Department is seizing phone records from the Associated Press.  Attorney General Eric Holder is answering some tough questions right now on C-SPAN3:
So many issues are unique to the nations in the Arctic Circle, making conversations with our neighbors critical to map out the Arctic future we all share.  The Arctic Council Ministerial Meetings were incredibly well-received and we reinforced our nations' leadership role.
Joined colleagues today in a letter to the President demanding Obama Administration comply with investigation into how the IRS targeted conservative groups.
Great race this morning for an even greater cause benefiting Wounded Warrior Project.
Each senator took an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution, yet Senate Democrats chose to block my resolution and thus refused to condemn the IRS for trampling on our First Amendment rights.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=803
Talking about why I voted against the 2013 Farm Bill at mark-up with reps from the National Association of Farm Broadcasters #RearviewMirrorBill
I joined all of my Republican colleagues in sending this letter to the President demanding the Administration fully comply with congressional investigation requests for information on how the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) targeted conservative groups.
Always glad to speak with Kelly Lenz and Greg Akagi on Ag on 580 WIBW and the Kansas Agriculture Network. My take on yesterday's 2013 Farm Bill mark-up:
Rubio On IRS Scandal: Obama’s Culture Of Political Intimidation Leads To This Scandalous Behavior: http://1.usa.gov/10YfS2J
MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator Rubio To Deliver Floor Speech On IRS Scandal At 1:30 P.M.: http://1.usa.gov/12B78T2 Watch live on C-SPAN2.
ICYMI: Rubio: Federal Government Cannot Be Used As An Instrument To Target Political Opponents: http://1.usa.gov/16zWPnX
Conservative Economists Agree Immigration Reform Would Boost Economic Growth, Cut The Federal Deficit And Create American Jobs: http://1.usa.gov/16zPLrp
Prior to the announcement that the acting IRS director had resigned, Sen. Sessions issued this statement on the unacceptable efforts to "bully conservative organizations, and my own constituents."
NA
Sen. Sessions is on NOW with Laura Ingraham. You can listen live here:
Tonight’s announcement was a necessary first step. However, it remains clear that the President has not fully grasped the wide-ranging effects of the IRS scandal as it took nearly a week for him to act. This is not something that can be swept under the rug – we need permanent, systematic fixes to ensure that it does not happen again. The American people deserve better than what they have seen from the White House over the past week, and the President has a responsibility to cooperate with Congressional investigations as we work to get to the bottom of this.
Today I took action regarding the IRS' targeting of conservative groups for extra scrutiny. Targeting groups based on their political beliefs is an outrage, and the American people deserve answers. The President must provide complete transparency and cooperation as we get to the bottom of this administration's troubling pattern of intimidation and overreach.  You can read more at the link below  http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342766
Sent a letter to the White House warning that the Obama Administration is ‘jeopardizing’ the 60 year partnership between the Savannah River Site and South Carolina and Georgia.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342759
On National Peace Officers Memorial Day, we honor our fallen law enforcement officers. We must never forget them.
My northwest regional manager, Sheila Sterrett, and Eldred Township Supervisor Jeffrey Rhinehart at the 100th Annual McKean County Association of Township Officials convention in Smethport.
Matt Blackburn, my western state director, attended the 108th Annual Manufacturer & Business Association Dinner in Erie, PA. With him is pianist and political satirist Mark Russell and Charlie Gerow, a nationally recognized strategic communications leader and the CEO of Quantum Communications.
I'm demanding that the White House cooperate with Congressional investigations of the IRS scandal without delay. My letter to the president is here:
And now the  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is soliciting donations to implement the president's health care law? Isn't this a conflict of interest? Unlawful? We need answers.
Marking Police Week Washington DC and remembering Pennsylvania's fallen heroes. Respect. Honor. Remember.
NA
Watch my interview with MSNBC's Chuck Todd regarding Benghazi and the shameful targeting of conservative groups by the IRS.
