NA
We celebrate with Bowe, Bob and Jani Bergdahl today as this wonderful news brings an end to their five-year ordeal. We offer our thanks for the perseverance of the family and the many Idahoans who have kept this vigil.  
Senator Collins cuts the ribbon to officially open Linda Bean's Perfect Lobster Roll inside the Maine Mall today.
Congratulations to National Spelling Bee co-champion and fellow Texan, Ansun Soje!
This week I gave the weekly GOP address. I talked about how this Administration and the Senate majority are putting in place regulation-driven policies that police how you live and how businesses must operate. These majority policies are terrible for the middle class and for the country. Most of my colleagues in the House and those of us in the Senate minority don’t want these harmful regulations. We offer policies that would mean cheaper energy and more ability for people to make their own decisions. We would allow more competition in the health care industry, which would drive prices down and allow more patient choice. We continue to offer real solutions while the Senate majority leader refuses to allow votes on them. He controls the Senate as long as people choose his party as the majority and as long as his party continues to let him shut out alternatives.  
Tour at Al Jon Ottumwa & Q&A w community leaders Topics-hwy funding, Econ development, energy policy, trade, EPA regs, FDA, ExIm banks
Bloomfield town meeting 13 ppl Topics- EPA regs, VA, Benghazi,govt waste,immig, Marine Mexican jail, RFS,guns, DoD cuts, TaxReform,pipeline
Thanks to all Nevada seniors who contributed to the NV Silver Awards this year. #OAM2014 was a great success. I will continue advocating on behalf of seniors in Nevada and throughout the United States and will work hard to help enact policies that help seniors in the Silver State thrive.
Like many Oklahomans, I was glad to hear today that Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will be returning home after five years in terrorist captivity. Bergdahl deserves a hero's welcome, and it is important the nation continues to keep him and his family in our prayers as he begins the road to recovery.   I am concerned though for how President Obama chose to secure his freedom by negotiating with terrorists and releasing five senior Taliban leaders from detention in Guantanamo. I issued a joint statement with HASC Chairman Buck McKeon that I hope you will take a moment to read: http://armedservices.house.gov/index.cfm/press-releases?ContentRecord_id=5376A321-8AAB-427E-A146-160470F8FC2E&ContentType_id=E0C7B822-826F-493D-8CEF-1E21AA53E12A&Group_id=12580721-af41-4987-849c-c25b730d096d 
#Vets - I want to hear your story. Join me at the Berwyn VFW tomorrow, June 1st at 2 pm.
This week I visited Marianjoy Rehabilitation Hospital in Wheaton to see their efforts to get stroke survivors back to work.  
Visited Wichita County Health Center in Leoti Saturday morning. This is Tyson Sterling the new CEO who took over this position in April. I wanted to meet Tyson and offer my assistance in helping to make sure the citizens of Wichita County can access quality health care. Great to meet a new generation of leadership in western Kansas.
On behalf of the Alaskan community and a grateful nation, I am proud to welcome Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl back to his brothers and sisters in uniform – and also to his family and friends who have held out hope while dealing with sleepless nights for all these years.  This successful endeavor of negotiating was a team effort among the military and international community, but the road ahead requires just as much teamwork and vigilance. We should all support Sergeant Bergdahl and his family through our thoughts, actions and prayers.  Today is also a day to remain aware of the thousands of men and women still deployed and in harm's way in Afghanistan.  Though our efforts there are winding down, the dangers remain real. Today is a good opportunity to thank them all, for the risk that Sergeant Bergdahl took is the burden they all share – and we look forward to their return home, as well.  Welcome home, Bowe, and thank you to all our troops.
