SHARE if you agree: “Filing your tax return is about more than getting your money back from Uncle Sam -- it's a reminder of Washington's out-of-control spending and overreach.”  In case you missed it: Check out Sen. Alexander’s Tax Day op-ed in the Chattanooga Times Free Press on his plans to fix some of the federal government’s biggest fiscal problems. More HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1qDTCuO  
Today we remember those who were lost or injured one year ago in Boston - including those with New Hampshire ties.  Our thoughts will also be with the many Granite Staters and runners from across the country as they take part in Monday’s marathon. And we find inspiration in the extraordinary examples of recovery and resilience that have come to define the true spirit of "Boston Strong."
I am proud to have introduced and co-sponsored several measures to make the federal government more accountable to American taxpayers. Click here to read more about my efforts to lessen wasteful government spending and  increase government accountability. #TaxDay 
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the agency that oversees our tax policy has a responsibility to treat all taxpayers fairly under the law. Unfortunately that doesn't always happen. That's why I joined efforts to hold the agency accountable and to make it more transparent by cosponsoring The Stop IRS Overreach Act (S.2043) and The Taxpayer Accountability Act (S.2044).
Given that the federal tax code contains 70,000 pages of complex rules, it is hardly surprising that 90 percent of taxpayers throw up their hands and turn to a paid preparer or computer software to complete their taxes. Across the country, Americans spend over $165 billion and about six billion hours annually on tax compliance.   Despite positive steps taken by our state in recent years, Hoosiers still spend too much time and money navigating our broken tax system to complete their taxes. Our tax code is in desperate need of reform, and one of my top legislative priorities remains making our tax system simpler, fairer and more competitive. Comprehensive tax reform now will result in more jobs and economic growth in the future.  While there is a bipartisan consensus in Congress that reform is needed, the current political climate rewards the status quo. I will continue to make the case in Washington that one of the best ways to grow our economy and strengthen America’s place in the global marketplace is to make tax reform a reality.
NA
Met last week with Chancellor of Texas Tech University Kent Hance:
Robert A. Heinlein on government overreach: "There is no worse tyranny than to force a man to pay for what he does not want merely because you think it would be good for him.” (h/t AAF)
Premiums rising at the fastest rates in decades thanks to Obamacare. #FullRepeal
Today America stands #BostonStrong as we remember the heroism, courage, and resilience in the face of a terrorist attack.
The feeling never goes away each time you see the building...
It is marvelous how even a police state like Communist China cannot stop the spread of religious liberty:
Tax Day is our annual reminder of how government spending directly impacts our daily lives. It’s particularly distressing to hand over our hard-earned dollars to the IRS this year in the wake of its illegal targeting of conservative groups.   The IRS must never be used as a tool for partisan warfare and on this Tax Day, I ask my fellow members of Congress to immediately act on legislation to uphold the First Amendment rights of our citizens and ensure no individual or group is targeted based on their political views.
Tax Day is an unwelcome reminder for so many that the federal government lives beyond its means and is not a good steward of the tax dollars provided to it by every American. Whether the government is funding a musical about a moose or paying individuals involved in a NASA study to do nothing more than lie around for a couple months in bed, taxpayers are the ones who are stuck paying the bill. With a $17 trillion national debt, we need to be smarter about how tax dollars are spent and start prioritizing what the government does best while getting rid of what it doesn’t. Cutting the worst first is the simplest way to start getting control of the spending spree here in Washington. #TaxDay 
Tax day is another unfortunate reminder of the need to reform our burdensome tax code. Too much time, money and effort is spent complying with a tax code that is jam-packed with special-interest carve-outs and disincentives for economic growth. Congress should make it a priority to construct a simple and efficient pro-growth tax system.
Great day visiting with Nebraskans in Lincoln, Friend, and Crete today. Thanks to Farmland for showing me around their facility this afternoon and sharing insights into some of the issues facing the industry. Earlier today in Lincoln, I also had the opportunity to join the Walmart Foundation in recognizing outstanding philanthropic organizations in Nebraska and attend the Lincoln Rotary Club lunch.
This year Americans spent over 6 billion combined hours to comply with our complicated tax code. That’s roughly the equivalent of 3 million employees working full time. We shouldn't be expected to spend endless hours or hire an expensive accountant just to file our taxes. It’s time to overhaul our century-old system with a simpler, fairer tax code.
Today, we remember the cowardly attack by radical Islamists against one of the great American institutions and the people of Boston. As we mourn our losses, let's rededicate ourselves to maintaining our freedom. Boston continues to be an inspiration to the nation.    “Boston Strong” is not just an empty slogan, it's a reality.
Harlan Town Hall 31 ppl Topics-Ukraine, PostOffice,Obamacare, GasTax,regs, SocialSecurity, Benghazi,ForeignAid, FlatTax, immig, debt,MinWage
Woodbine Town Hall 21 ppl Topics-trucker regs, Obamacare, FedReserve, bullets/FEMA, UN guns, Nevada&cattle, debt, immig, EPAregs, CommonCore
Q&A w 85 Saint Albert HS students-Council Bluffs Topics-college$$$, marijuana, Obamacare, FarmBill, SNAP, gov’t regs, Qs abt being a senator
Q&A w 100+ Glenwood HS students Topics-flag burning, voter ID, guns, debt, drug testing, CommonCore, GMO, OBamacare, marijuana, college cost
Veterans vent new round of frustration over claims backlog via KTNV Channel 13 Action News. #KeepThePromise WATCH: http://bit.ly/1kuEq12
Starting today, North Dakota farmers and ranchers who suffered livestock losses can contact their local Farm Service Agency (FSA) office to sign up for the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP).
Equal treatment under the law: It's worth fighting for. http://t.co/kWGOPSfoc6
Congress should stand for equal treatment under Obamacare.
Visited Scott Air Force Base today with Senator Dick Durbin and Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James. Scott AFB is the nerve center for our military's logistics and I look forward to continuing my bipartisan work to protect the base and its important missions. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1054
A group of 8th graders from Gifford Grade School is visiting our nation's capital. My staff presented them with a flag flown over the Capitol in honor of their community's tornado recovery efforts. #GiffordStrong
Here is a a final reminder for my town hall in Ogden tonight.  I hope to see many of you there.  If you can't make it to Ogden, I will be streaming the event on my Facebook page.
I have two town hall meetings scheduled this week.  I will be in Ogden on Tuesday and West Jordan on Thursday.  This article has some highlights from past town hall meetings I have held.  I am looking forward to continuing the discussion we have already started, and I also want to give you a more extensive overview of my conservative reform agenda.  Help me spread the word about this event.
It was great to be in Wichita this afternoon and give remarks at Wichita State University’s (WSU) Entrepreneurship Forum Series. The event honored Rent-A-Center and Flint Hills National Golf Club Founder Tom Devlin who keynoted the event and understands that entrepreneurship and innovation are key to growing the economy. Thanks to Tom and Myra Devlin along with their sons, Tom, Jr. and Tim; Dr. Fran Jabara, former WSU College of Business Administration Dean and founder of the WSU Center for Entrepreneurship; WSU President John Bardo; WSU W. Frank Barton School of Business Interim Dean Cindy Claycomb; WSU Center for Entrepreneurship Interim Director Lou Heldman; WSU Professor Don Hackett and Meritrust CEO James Nastars.
Kansas City area teens taking the lead in honoring victims of Sunday's shootings. Young men and women doing things big and small to remember and honor the lives of William Corporon, Reat Underwood and Terri LaManno.
Today the USDA began signups for livestock disaster programs that were reauthorized in the Farm Bill. These programs, which are open to eligible livestock producers who have suffered livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to adverse weather, as well as producers who have suffered grazing losses due to drought or fire, will be retroactive back to October 1, 2011. I would encourage producers to contact their local FSA office for more information.
The Farm Bill has a lot of new nutrition and food assistance regulations written with the Lower 48 in mind.  I reached out to the Secretary of Agriculture to remind him I put language in the bill requiring him to keep Alaska's challenges in mind. 
American families and businesses deserve a fair shot. Good discussion at Byer Steel in Cincinnati on the need for comprehensive tax reform.
Check out my BuzzFeed list: "8 Things That Make Americans Cringe On Tax Day" and why it’s time for comprehensive tax reform: 
UGH. It's April 15th...but, here's a list of 2014 Tax Day Freebies: 8 Good Deals Even If You Don't Get A Refund via Huffington Post http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/14/tax-day-freebies-2014_n_5127178.html
Senator Jeff Flake and I led the charge in the Senate to halt these proposed IRS regulations that would limit free speech. 38 of our Republican colleagues signed onto our bill to make it clear to the Administration that targeting of groups for their political beliefs will not be tolerated.
Great crowd for breakfast with the Kansas Grain and Feed Association in Wichita this morning. These folks are the valuable partners of Ag producers all over Kansas.
Senator Rubio Urges Increased Sanctions On Russia: http://1.usa.gov/Rm3Svv  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement urging the Obama administration to immediately increase sanctions on Russia for its continued violations of Ukraine’s sovereignty:   “Russia’s efforts to foment unrest in eastern Ukraine are tantamount to another violation of Ukraine’s sovereignty. Assertions from Moscow that Russia is not involved hold little credibility, particularly in the wake of its unlawful annexation of Crimea.   “The Obama administration must immediately increase sanctions on Russia. Sector-based sanctions should begin to be imposed and President Putin’s own financial assets, and those of his associates, targeted. By delaying the most significant penalties, the United States and our allies have unfortunately sent the message to Russia that there will be little cost to pay for this type of behavior. We should also stand with Ukraine as the interim government attempts to deal with these provocations. This includes immediately providing the lethal assistance they requested weeks ago. We also need to take measures to reassure our allies in Central and Eastern Europe by deploying more alliance assets to their territories to reinforce our NATO commitments to their security.   “Armed takeovers of foreign territory by masked men are the crude tactics of bygone regional powers, not the actions of 21st century nations. Until Russia is convinced of a real cost of its current course of action, I fear that Ukraine’s stability will continue to be undermined. I urge the President to act without delay.” 
Senator Rubio Addresses Constituent Concerns About Broken, Complicated Tax Code: http://1.usa.gov/1iSR5ba  Washington, D.C. – To mark this year’s Tax Day, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today addressed constituent concerns about our broken tax code system and pointed to its stifling effect on the economy as proof of the need for tax reform in this week’s installment of Marco’s Constituent Mailbox video series.    In the video, Rubio outlines various disconcerting facts about the increasingly complicated tax code and the unnecessary burdens it places on taxpayers:   • It takes 13 hours for the average taxpayer to file their taxes, including record keeping, planning, as well as filling out forms. • Last year, Americans spent 6.1 billion hours and $168 billion complying with all their tax filing requirements. • The tax code, rules and regulations now totals more than 73,000 pages, as opposed to 400 pages when it was created in 1913. • Americans will pay $3 trillion in federal taxes and $1.5 trillion in state and local taxes this year. • Americans must work 111 days this year to pay their federal, state and local taxes.   Rubio then reads a constituent letter — from Frank in Ft. Myers — and responds to his call for a simpler tax code that is not used as an instrument of wealth redistribution or social engineering.    In response, Rubio said, “Tax reform is critical. And it’s not just critical to take the hassle out of our lives. It’s critical for the economic future of our country. Our economy is stagnant. It’s not growing fast enough. It’s not creating enough jobs. And by the way, about 40% of the jobs that it is creating pays $16 an hour or less.   “One of the things holding back our economy is a broken tax code. We have a tax code, for example, that punishes companies for investing their profits back into their businesses, to hire more people, to give their workers raises, to expand their operations. We have a tax code that actually encourages our employers to take their business overseas. Those are some of the things we have to fix as well,” Rubio continued. “So I agree with you wholeheartedly, and that’s why I hope this November we’ll have new leadership here in Washington that will move on this important item.” 
Watch my 2014 CPAC speech here: http://youtu.be/tqoivHUmtIU
NA
FYI for PA parents & college-bound students: state-sponsored savings programs available with PA 529 programs.
My hope for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services: that they make #Alzheimer's research a very high priority. #ENDALZ 
Seems appropriate to announce this bill on #TaxDay:   The First Amendment Protection Act guards Americans from political harassment by the #IRS.
PA is #BostonStrong today!
Each year, April 15th serves as a reminder of how much we need comprehensive tax reform.  To cushion the blow, check out some of the deals being offered by retailers. http://goo.gl/O0v7AM #taxday 
