LIKE or SHARE if you agree that #ObamaCancellations are an unwelcome Christmas present: Yesterday Sen. Alexander spoke about Obamacare’s impact on Tennesseans, saying: “The fact that at least 82,000 Tennesseans will begin to lose their individual health insurance policies starting Jan. 1 is an unwelcome Christmas present. And it'll be an unhappy New Year for many more Tennesseans who get their insurance on the job when Obamacare's burdensome mandates on employers kick in.” http://bit.ly/1dP68k6
LIKE or SHARE if you think you deserve to know how much your health insurance will cost in 2015 before the 2014 elections: Today Sen. Alexander introduced legislation that will reverse the Obama administration’s decision to delay Obamacare insurance enrollment until after the 2014 election, saying, “The only Americans the Obama administration’s delay will help is Democratic politicians who voted for Obamacare, because it delays disclosure of some of the law’s most insidious effects for 2015 until after the election.”
 
 Alexander’s legislation will also require the administration to let Americans know how much they will pay for their health insurance prior to open enrollment so they have time to make decisions about their health care. http://1.usa.gov/1gH1l9b
Senator Ayotte released this statement following tonight's vote on the budget deal: “With billions in wasteful spending throughout the federal government, it’s a false choice to suggest that the government would shut down unless military retiree benefits are cut. Saying we should just pass this budget agreement with these offensive military retiree cuts in it and fix it later is a cop out and no comfort to our military retirees, who now have to rely on Washington politicians to change a law they voted for. With the Congressional Budget Office estimating that the federal government will spend $47 trillion over the next decade, the notion that we can’t find $6 billion from somewhere else is absolutely ridiculous.”
If you missed my interview with Bill LuMaye yesterday, you can listen to it now by clicking below.
Last year, I introduced and the Senate unanimously passed the Haqqani Network Terrorist Designation Act, which led to the State Department declaring the Haqqani Network as a foreign terrorist organization. I am very pleased that Senate Leadership included my amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, which calls on the Secretary of Defense to issue a report outlining the Defense Department’s strategy to disrupt and degrade the Haqqani Network’s activities and finances.
We're working to protect jobs in Texarkana.  We signed a letter to U.S. diplomats and trade representatives who are meeting with Chinese counterparts in Beijing this week asking to protect the interests of Cooper Tire, while dysfunction at a joint venture in China poses risks to these jobs.
This program should be immediately halted until it can be fully reviewed by Congress
NA
I sent a letter to top financial regulators regarding the Volcker Rule, a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act that was finalized last week, concerning its unintended consequences and negative impact on community banks.  Read more below.
Video: Senate Democrats Block Cornyn’s Attempt To Restore Military Pensions and Honor the Victims of Fort Hood:
VIDEO: Cornyn: Democrats’ Refusal to Correct Legislative Mistakes Hurts Texas Service Members:
Cornyn Invites Sebelius to Meet With Texans Hurt By Obamacare:
Cornyn, @SenToomey Introduce Bill To End ‘Too Big To Fail’:
Ryan-Murray budget  (0:40)  was a take it or leave it deal and I won’t ‘take’ a take it or leave it agreement that doesn't provide for the future by making cuts in the present.  What the NSA (2:24) is doing shouldn't happen in America.  These are the topics in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
The Senate voted 71-29 today to move toward final passage of the National Defense Authorization Act, but the Senate majority leader prevented votes that would have addressed issues relating to our nuclear deterrent, privacy concerns and the NSA, military detention of U.S. citizens, the need to address sexual assault in the military and other important issues.
Thanks to the Energy and Natural Resources Committee for passing the stewardship contracting bill I sponsored with Sen. McCain to help reduce wildfire risk. I hope the full Senate acts soon to pass this legislation.
In my column this week, I take a look back on what we’ve been able to accomplish on a range of issues during my first year in the U.S. Senate. Read more here...
CLASSIC Washington games here – say one thing to pass a bill, and do another later. In Nebraska, your word is everything. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I'm committed to keeping my word to those who serve. http://www.politico.com/story/2013/12/patty-murray-military-pension-cut-101313.html?hp=t3_3
I have received numerous e-mails, phone calls, and visits from Oklahomans and military members concerned about how the Obama Administration appears to be stifling religious freedom within our Armed Services. The most recent incident was this past week when a nativity scene at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base was ordered to be taken down. It is concerning that a place that goes great lengths to accommodate other religions – including providing Korans, prayer rugs, and special meals to meet religious dietary needs for detainees – would then restrict the religious expression of American soldiers and sailors celebrating Christmas. As we’ve seen in the media, we have also heard of the Air Force officer who was instructed to remove his bible from his desk out of belief that it was making others 'uncomfortable.'   As a veteran, I know that military members are some of the most religious people in our nation. They understand key elements of most all religions: commitment, devotion, and sacrifice. Our men and women in uniform should never be put in a position by their country as to which they should follow, God or their Commander-in-Chief. The Senate Armed Services Committee has put provisions in place to ensure religious intolerance doesn’t take place, and I hope Sec. Hagel will quickly respond to the concerns not only I have but many of his own men and women in uniform. You can read my letter to Sec. Hagel here:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-requests-dod-to-report-plans-to-protect-religious-freedom
Happy anniversary to my beautiful wife of 54 years, the lovely Mrs. Inhofe. Thank you for our perfect family and all the joy you and the kids have brought to my life. #TBT
This morning I spoke with WMAL's Larry O'Connor and guest host Susan Ferrechio about the Ryan-Murray budget deal, more specifically the unfair military retirement cuts; and passing the National Defense Bill. https://soundcloud.com/inhofepressoffice/sen-inhofe-on-wmal-dec-19-2013
The American people deserve an insurance policy against #Iran deception on nuclear program. http://1.usa.gov/1dSGdrx
The #NDAA is one of the most important pieces of legislation annually considered by Congress, authorizing the funding of our armed forces and setting forth the policies to ensure that our nation is secure. For nearly 50 years, both sides of the aisle and both houses of Congress have put partisanship aside to carefully consider the best way to ensure that our military has adequate resources and our citizens are safe.  In the past decade, regardless of which party was in power, the NDAA has been considered in the Senate for an average of nine days with an average of 130 amendments considered each year. But this year, after just two days of considering the bill and voting on only two amendments, Reid filed a motion to end debate on the legislation and block any other senator, Republican or Democrat, from offering further amendments. This is a dangerous and unnecessary new precedent to set when it comes to our national security.  Refusing to allow the normal debate process to work as it has for almost five decades violates the rights of the American people to have this legislation debated and amended through their elected officials.  I cannot vote to support this legislation until my colleagues and I are allowed to debate and amend it in a way that respects the normal democratic processes that have worked well for almost 50 years.    Please help share this.
Come join the last 30 minutes of my tele-townhall:
My tele-townhall is starting now.  You can come join the conversation Facebook here:
Sen. McConnell: The IRS should stay out of regulating political speech. The IRS should be a boring place, an impartial agency of tax collectors, not the Vanguard of the Left.
NA
Congrats to the new Kansas Assistant Secretary of Agriculture Jake Worcester who was previously an intern in my office. Ensuring the future of Kansas’ agriculture industry is one of my top priorities in the Senate, and I’m pleased to see such a  capable individual tasked with doing the same for our state.
Today, I learned that five of the six soldiers who were killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan on Monday were based at Ft. Riley. Americans will be forever indebted to these brave soldiers who laid down their lives for our country. With the holidays just around the corner, I’m grateful for the blessings these brave men afforded us with their service to our country. I ask all Kansans to join me in remembering their families, friends and the Ft. Riley community in our thoughts and prayers.
Last night I voted against passage of the Ryan-Murray budget plan, which is partially paid for by decreasing military retiree benefits, including wounded warriors. We must do better for our men and women in uniform who have already sacrificed so much.
I enjoyed my birthday tradition today of working on a Habitat for Humanity house.
In case you missed it: Last night, I joined CNN's Wolf Blitzer to discuss the bad budget deal, NSA spying and drones.  Watch here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqoVzFDoYtg
Today I joined a bipartisan group of 25 other Senators in introducing the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act. While the United States and other allied nations have agreed to an interim deal with Iran to curtail nuclear processing, this is not the best path forward to keeping our nation safe. The President was able to act without Congressional approval, but now it is up to Congress to ensure that when the interim period is up, if Iran has failed to meet its obligations, the United States will act swiftly and appropriately to apply new sanctions. I am proud to be a part of this legislation and will continue working to keep Americans and our allies in the region safe from a nuclear Iran.
My thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of the six soldiers who lost their lives protecting our freedom in Afghanistan. I offer my deepest condolences to the Ft. Riley community. God bless them for their sacrifice. Semper fi.
Senator Rubio, Colleagues Introduce The Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act: http://1.usa.gov/1bTinwf   Washington, D.C. – Joined by 25 Senators, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act, bipartisan legislation proposing prospective sanctions on Iran should the regime violate the interim Joint Plan of Action agreed to in Geneva or should Iran fail to reach a final agreement.  “As I’ve said before, I believe that the administration’s agreement with Iran makes a nuclear Iran more, not less likely.  However, this bipartisan bill is a first step towards ensuring that there will be serious repercussions for Iran if it violates the agreement made in Geneva or it becomes clear that, as many of us fear, Iran is not serious about fully abandoning its nuclear weapons program,” said Senator Rubio. “Even as I support this bill focused on Iran’s nuclear program, I plan to continue to work with colleagues in Congress next year to find additional ways to ensure that Iran’s continued human rights violations and its sponsorship of terrorism are highlighted and the elements of the Iranian regime responsible are penalized.”
Watch the whole interview here: http://youtu.be/u0WsVNoBnF4?t=2m15s
We need to address the serious issues involving "too-big-to-fail" banks and stop taxpayer bailouts http://tinyurl.com/p4ljagl
Nails it.
http://youtu.be/rhMDIaMEikw
