Thursday, Sen. Alexander met with employees of Eastman Chemical Company in Kingsport, Tenn., who have also served tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan. Eastman recently received the 2013 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award, the department’s highest recognition given to employers for exceptional support of employees serving in the National Guard and Reserve. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” to congratulate Eastman on the award and thank these Tennesseans for their service.
Zero, zip, nada: What President Obama has done to stop a government shutdown.
Cornyn: “Instead of taking a day off, Reid should call Senators back to Washington and pass the common sense legislation to delay Obamacare.”
Why is Harry waiting to vote on House Continuing Resolution amendments on O-care, Medical Device tax, and funding our troops?
Will Harry Reid take this up? "The House unanimously approved a separate bill to ensure that unformed military personnel would continue to be paid during that shutdown."
The Hatch/Klobuchar device tax repeal amendment got 34 Democrat/Independent votes during the budget debate, and 37 House Democrats voted for repeal last year.   Yet Reid's comments suggest Senate Dems will vote no when it really matters. This is surprising since his entire leadership team (except Leahy) voted for repeal and 4 members of leadership sent Reid himself a letter calling for delay. Hagan and Shaheen also signed.
The national security implications of a nuclear Iran are unimaginable - threatening the very existence of our ally Israel, as well as launching an all-but-certain nuclear arms race in the world's most volatile region.   Diplomacy is our hope, but the U.S. resolve to take whatever action is necessary to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear state will not be compromised.
UNI Volleyball vs MoState  uni wins match 3/2  uni loses  first two games. Came back real strong
It's Gold Star Mother's & Family's Day. Today we honor the families of the fallen who are brave beyond words.
Preparing to appear on CBS Face the Nation to discuss the Continuing Resolution and defunding Obamacare.  Be sure to tune in at 10:30 a.m. ET! http://instagram.com/p/e2OnFbIMAj/
On Gold Star Mother's Day, we honor the sacrifice and strength of mothers who have lost a son or daughter in combat.
