[From left]: Yesterday, Sen. Alexander met with participants of American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation and American Legion Boys Nation, Olivia Nodine of Smyrna, Tenn., Niman Mann of Franklin, Tenn., Josey Janow of Chattanooga, Tenn. and Nikhil Basutkar of Brentwood, Tenn., during their visit to Washington. Alexander, who participated in Tennessee American Legion Boys State in high school, congratulated the group on their selection for the program, which focuses on government and citizenship education.
Senator Ayotte met yesterday with New Hampshire delegates to the American Legion's Boys Nation & Girls Nation.  Left - right: Mollie Gills (Hollis), Grant Johnson (Brookline), Douglas Marino (Newfields), Senator Ayotte, Joe Caouette of the New Hampshire American Legion (Rollinsford), Timothy Stackhouse (Kensington), and Genevieve Corman (Windham).
NA
Defunding and repealing Obamacare is smart, and is a worthy objective.  Unfortunately, the "strategy" of shutting down the government to achieve that goal is not smart, nor will it help us achieve our shared objective.    Click below to read my full blog post.
Here's a recap of what we worked on in Washington this week.
At a time when we’re furloughing federal employees, the American people can’t afford a $24 million Obamacare ad blitz in Arkansas.
This week, I had the opportunity to welcome TRIO students from Idaho to the U.S. Senate.  During their visit, they were able to watch me serve as the ranking member in an Environment and Public Works subcommittee hearing.
AEI: 8 ways Obama could jumpstart the economy
Latest attack by Obama administration against Texas called "a strong partisan move for national Democrats."
VIDEO: Cornyn Counters AG Holder's Attack on Texas Voting Laws on NBC Nightly News:
Obama and Holder messing with Texas
So much for, "if you like what you have" in HC, you can keep it under Obamacare
OpEd in Roll Call: Keeping the IRS Out of Your Health Care
Not one penny to fund Obamacare.
Well look what we have here: http://m.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2533520   Defund Obamacare now!
How we stop Obamacare:
Enough said.
 
 SHARE if you agree!
America’s tax system needs a major overhaul. It needs to be made much more simple and fair.  I’m one of two trained accountants in the Senate, so as a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I was pleased to hear the chairman and ranking member want to begin work on changing the system.  I have submitted a couple ideas and look forward to discussing these and many others.
I joined Senators Lee, Paul, Cruz, and others in sending a letter to Senator Reid to tell him we will not support any continuing resolution that provides funding for Obamacare. Add your name to the Defund Obamacare letter by clicking below.
The Senate majority voted last night for more spending on the Senate transportation and housing appropriations bill than is allowed by recent budget agreements. I voted against spending $10 billion more than the House bill and $2 billion more than the President’s budget request. America is broke and continuing to pass more debt onto our children and grandchildren is wrong. We should be passing my Penny Plan. It would balance the budget by cutting a single penny from every dollar the federal government spends for each of two years.
One of the main concerns I hear from Nebraskans is the overreaching hand of federal bureaucracy in their daily lives. The EPA’s reckless behavior in releasing the personal information of farmers and ranchers is just one of the latest instances for the hundreds of private citizens, families, and business owners in our state who were affected. I’ve cosponsored legislation to make sure the release of their information that should be kept private does not happen again.
PresObama 5yr in office has focus his presidency on reducing inequality rather than increasing growth THINK Kennedy"risingTIDE liftsALLBOATS
Pres obama has to learn that b4 the govt can redistribute wealth the private economy has to create it. His policy aren't helping to so cre8
Obama speech:"Washington has taken its eye off the ball... This needs to stop". Since when isn't he part of "Washington"?  He needsToEngage
Did you catch this in today’s Las Vegas Review-Journal?
 http://bit.ly/14b77nt
ICYMI: Earlier this week I spoke with 8 News Now about the new #NSA data storing facility and its threat to our liberties.
Congratulations to the Kraft Foods #Champaign facility on its 50th Anniversary, especially to these employees who have worked there for 40+ years
I was honored to present a posthumous Purple Heart today to Brad Anderson.  In the fall of 1918 his grandfather, Walter Anderson, was wounded in a gas attack while fighting for our country in World War I.  After an extensive effort by Brad and some members of my staff, we were able to locate the required records to verify that Walter Anderson had indeed earned the Purple Heart.  It was an exciting and overwhelming moment to present this award today and officially recognize the sacrifice that Walter Anderson made for our country. #utah #utahgram
Another union opposes ObamaCare:
On Friday, Senator Mitch McConnell met with U.S. Department of Agriculture Deputy Secretary nominee to discuss issues of importance to #Kentucky #tobacco farmers. “Kentucky’s tobacco growers are some of the hardest workers in the nation, and I fully appreciate what they do for our state’s economy,” Senator McConnell said. “I appreciate Krysta Harden meeting with me at my request, and I hope she will listen to my constituents’ concerns. I am hopeful she will be a strong advocate on behalf of our nation’s tobacco growers.”
This month a Kansas farmer harvested our state’s 25th billionth bushel of wheat over the past century. The bushel came from Solomon Creek Farms near Colby, and according to Kansas Wheat, 25 billion bushels equals more than one trillion commercial loaves of bread.    To celebrate our farmers and all they do, I encourage you to watch this video that captures the long days and hard work through the poem,“Wheat Harvest,” by Marjorie Maydew Bell of Smith Center. Thank you to all the farmers, farm families and everyone who helped to make it a safe and productive wheat harvest.
I just got off the plane here in Anchorage and I'm so glad to be back home! This afternoon I'm sitting down for an interview for "Latinos en Alaska."  It's the only Alaskan-produced TV show on Telemundo and a great way to connect with our state's Latino community.
Tomorrow is Ted Stevens Day- a time to get out and play in this state we all love.  This summer of 2013 – one of the most gorgeous summers in ages – it’s as if Uncle Ted is looking down upon us and encouraging us to take up activities that require a little sweat, a little more effort than usual, maybe one that leaves us catching our breath afterwards. So whether you decide to walk, run, hike or climb; reel in a nice rainbow or salmon, take a spin on your bike or just play outside, I encourage you all to spend some time this weekend getting out and enjoying our beautiful Alaskan Summer.  Please join me tomorrow in honoring Ted through our shared love of Alaska!
Congratulations to my U.S. Army Fellow Kelsy Williams, who was promoted to Major yesterday.  I am honored to have such talented people on my staff in D.C. and in state working on behalf of Alaskans.  In this job, you are only as good as the people you surround yourself with, and I truly believe that I have the best people working for me and for you!
Chris (Crist)ie thinks freedom is dangerous. What's dangerous is a foreign policy that borrows from China to pay people who burn our flag in Egypt.   http://p.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/26/rand-paul-chris-christie-you-need-talk-more-real-a/
Chris Christie worries about the dangers of freedom. I worry about the danger of losing that freedom. Spying without warrants is unconstitutional.
VIDEO STATEMENT: Rubio Pushes To Defund ObamaCare After President's Jacksonville Speech: http://1.usa.gov/1aN79bj  Rubio: “We cannot stand by and allow America - where talent and hard work has always meant that the sky is the limit - to be destroyed by an ObamaCare law that puts a ceiling on people’s dreams and a cap on the aspirations of job creators.”
Senator Shelby delivered a wide-ranging speech on jobs and the economy on the Senate floor yesterday. Shelby discussed the need to establish the conditions for job creation and economic growth by controlling spending, simplifying the tax code, and eliminating onerous regulations. Shelby has consistently advocated for dual proposals to address our nation’s fiscal challenges since his election to the Senate in 1986: a Balanced Budget Amendment and a simplification of the tax code.  To read an overview of Shelby’s proposals, click the link below: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=3557dffb-1fc5-433b-813d-7fcff52d099b
July 26, 2013
Great tour and employee town hall at GE in Greenville County this morning. #southcarolina
Great news! Gordon Food Service is preparing to build one of the region’s largest distribution centers in Findlay Township in Allegheny County. Up to 300 new jobs heading that way.
Are Obamacare allies a little like "The Fonz" in admitting the bill is w-w-wrong?
Here we go again. Government's central planning forcing more ethanol into your tank. This raises gas prices and hurts good-paying jobs in Delco and Philly.
Congratulations Master Sgt. William Janczewski. This West Pittston firefighter and Afghanistan vet's fast thinking prevented catastrophe when a fire broke out near 40,000 gallons of fuel. It also earned him "Airman of the Year."
Some wonderful photos from Lehigh Valley WWII vet Bertram Winzer's long overdue Bronze Star ceremony:
Talking with WILK Newsradio's Sue Henry at 9:30 today to give an update from Washington. Hope you'll tune in:
In Case You Missed It: Senator Wicker was interviewed by Fox News 'Special Report' last night regarding a new Congressional Budget Office study on sequestration. To watch the clip, click the link below.
