Sen. Alexander just met with Tennessee Parent Teacher Association President Charla Sparks in the U.S. Capitol and talked to her about the Tennessee PTA’s education priorities, as well as the “Scholarships for Kids Act,” which Alexander recently introduced to allow states to create $2,100 scholarships out of existing federal education dollars to follow 11 million low-income children to the schools they attend. More on that plan HERE: http://1.usa.gov/NaU7xi
LIKE if you agree: Unions shouldn’t get special treatment under Obamacare.   Today Sen. Alexander and 24 GOP colleagues demanded that the Obama administration immediately rescind a law creating an unwarranted special carveout for some unions from Obamacare fees. In a letter, the senators said they will consider options such as the Congressional Review Act to prevent the rule from taking effect if the administration doesn’t listen. Read the letter HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1lCr8hX 
TUNE IN NOW – HEALTH COMMITTEE HEARING: Sen. Alexander will question FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg on how FDA is implementing the new law he worked to pass to help prevent another meningitis nightmare for Tennesseans. WATCH LIVE:  http://1.usa.gov/1kOxzkT 
In response to questioning by Senator Ayotte at an Armed Services Committee hearing on Tuesday, the head of the Air Force's Air Mobility Command praised Pease Air National Guard base and the performance of the 157th Air Refueling Wing, which is set to receive the KC-46A refueling tanker beginning in fiscal year 2018 pending the results of an environmental impact statement.  Read more in today's Foster's Daily Democrat:  http://www.fosters.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20140313/GJNEWS_01/140319660&template=PortsmouthRegion  Video of Senator Ayotte's exchange with General Paul Selva at Tuesday's hearing is below.   
I am pleased my colleagues passed the bipartisan Child Care Development Block Grant (CCDBG). This is how the Senate should run -- with mutual respect and productive conversation. Our working together made sure that our hardest working parents have access to quality, safe child care. Through years of negotiations, meetings with hundreds of interested stakeholders, and honest conversations with my colleagues in the Senate, we have taken a positive step toward ensuring our kids are protected while in child care. This is a good day for the United States Senate, our working parents, and their children. I urge my colleagues in the House to pass this legislation.
I'm headed to the Senate floor to deliver a speech about the proposed cuts in the President’s budget that impact military families. You can watch at the link below.
We had the opportunity to visit with Abhilasha Gokulan of Little Rock and Adam Williams of Jonesboro who are in Washington as Arkansas’s delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program. The two students were chosen from hundreds of applicants to attend the program’s 52nd annual Washington Week.
NA
NA
Portage Mayor James Snyder and I discussed the economy of northwest Indiana while his son listened to my collection of audio clips from Presidents Roosevelt, Kennedy, and Reagan
NA
Idahoans are becoming increasingly concerned with the federal governments’ collection and storage of their private, personal information.  As such, I recently joined 11 other senators in supporting the Gun-owner Registration Information Protection Act, or GRIP Act.  This legislation would clarify existing law that bars the federal government from storing information acquired during the firearms background check process. Storage of such information in so-called gun registries is simply a gross invasion of privacy for citizens lawfully practicing their constitutional right.  It is essential that the federal government play no role in such activities, and that taxpayer resources are used in a manner that is consistent with federal policy.  The one-sentence GRIP Act would also explicitly prohibit the use of any federal funding from being used to contribute to non-federal gun registries.  Click the link to learn more. 
Appreciate the opportunity to explain the bipartisan Johnson-Crapo housing finance reform legislation to Bloomberg Television and Squawk Box on CNBC this morning.
VIDEO: Joined Gerri Willis on Fox Business’s “The Willis Report” to talk housing finance reform legislation.  We must bring private capital back into the market and protect taxpayers from funding future bailouts. 
ABC World News is scheduled to feature Senator Collins in its "Made in America" segment tonight.  She'll discuss her efforts to support jobs in Maine and America by urging the Pentagon to purchase American-made athletic footwear!  ABC World News is seen on WVII in Bangor and WMTW in Portland at 6:30 PM.
NA
Senators Collins and King met with Maine's delegates to the U.S. Senate Youth Program  in Washington, Zachary Duperry of Portland and Carolyn Liziewski of Gray.
Always a pleasure to welcome Neal Williams, Maine member of the New England Paralyzed Veterans of America to Washington!
Had a great discussion with San Marcos officials and Mayor Daniel Guerrero earlier this week:
Cornyn: Stop Cherry-Picking Law To Prop Up Obamacare:
I am proud to congratulate Niman and Daniel on being chosen as delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program. One of our state’s greatest assets is its citizens, and it is inspiring to see young people take an interest in public service so early in life. I thank them for the example they are setting and wish them all the best in the future.  Read more about the United States Senate Youth Program here: http://1.usa.gov/1cBxu16.
Today at 11:15 a.m. ET, Sen. Corker will participate in hearing on the State Department’s national interest determination on completion of the Keystone XL pipeline that would bring 800,000 barrels of oil per day from Canada to refineries on the Gulf Coast and create thousands of U.S. jobs.  Gen. Jim Jones, former National Security Advisor for President Obama, will testify in support of the pipeline, citing the project’s benefits for U.S. national security.  “Building the Canada-to-U.S. Keystone XL oil pipeline is more than a choice about energy. It's a choice about keeping America strong and secure and maintaining its place as a world leader,” Jones wrote in a recent op-ed.  Watch the hearing:  http://1.usa.gov/1iEszzf
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, today made the following statement regarding the committee’s passage of bipartisan legislation in response to the crisis in Ukraine. The bill, which passed 14-3, will support Ukraine’s political and economic transition without adding to the debt and impose sanctions on those who threaten Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity.  “This bill cements more fully 60 years of U.S. national interests to ensure Europe remains democratic, whole and free.  I believe we’re at a defining moment right now, where our friends and allies are watching to see if we’re going to do those things that are appropriate to protect Ukraine’s sovereignty, and I think this bill absolutely meets that test,” said Corker. http://1.usa.gov/1fUwsOg
The world, Russia and the people of Ukraine should understand – Mr. Putin should understand – that all of us are united in standing with the people of Ukraine, that the United States will act.  I am convinced we will act decisively to impose sanctions and serious consequences on Russia for their unprovoked act of war. We will act decisively to stand with the people of Ukraine.             There should be no doubt in any observer's mind that this will unify both parties, we will stand together. We would have done so tonight had the majority leader not made the cynical decision to hold Ukraine aid hostage to politics.   Politics should end at the water's edge, and I think it's unfortunate to see the Majority Leader trying to use the crisis in Ukraine for political advantage. That's the mistake, but there should be no ambiguity. We will impose sanctions. We will stand with Ukraine.
Sad display of the relentless attack on religious liberty in our nation. This time at the Air Force Academy.
How far we've come... http://bit.ly/1cXvprb
Proud to join Sen. John Cornyn, United States Senator Mike Lee, and Senator David Vitter in supporting The Becket Fund for Religious Liberty's challenge of Obamacare's contraception mandate in the Hobby Lobby case. 
President Barack Obama, use that pen and phone.   Americans by a 3 to 1 margin support building the #KeystoneXL pipeline. Let's get America to work!
We win when we stand for principle. When we paint a bold, inspiring vision for America. #MakeDCListen
You can't delay the individual mandate they said. It's the law they said. #FullRepeal
Law abiding citizens who own firearms shouldn’t have to worry that the federal government will finance the collection and storage of their private and personal information. This week I cosponsored a bill with Senator Thad Cochran, R-Miss., and other senators, that would prohibit any federal funding from being used to contribute to a gun registry maintained by any other organization, including state and local governments. The GRIP Act would not only clarify existing law that bars the federal government from storing information acquired during firearm background checks, but also prevent any federal funding from being used to contribute to non-federal gun registries. #2ndAmendment
Yesterday I joined a bipartisan coalition of senators led by Senator Tom Coburn, R-Okla., to introduce the Taxpayers Right to Know Act, a bill that would require every federal agency to produce an annual report card for each of its programs. The federal government wastes money hand over fist, but we don’t always know where. If we can track the money then we can prioritize and get rid of the worst first.
Propane shortages across Nebraska this winter have resulted in record-high prices for too many families struggling to heat their homes during record-low temperatures. I’m cosponsoring legislation that will help provide relief for more than 500,000 Nebraska households that rely on propane for heat and help states better prepare for similar shortages in the future.
President Obama has issued nearly two dozen selective Obamacare delays. This week, I introduced the FAIR Act to level the playing field by offering individuals and families the same relief from Obamacare that’s given to the president’s political allies.
Next Saturday, my staff will host the “2014 Academy and Military Information Day” in Lincoln along with Senator Johanns’ and Rep. Fortenberry’s offices. Members of our staffs and representatives from several branches of the military will be in attendance to answer questions about the nomination process and other military options.
I'm enjoying @theNRC railroad dinner  I will hv opportunity to speak shortly to Shortline RR ppl
Senator Jack Reed and I just announced an agreement to reauthorize emergency unemployment insurance benefits. Here are the details: http://1.usa.gov/1hgvys5
Amy Purdy from Las Vegas will compete tomorrow at the Sochi-2014.ru Paralympic Games. Like this post & wish her luck!
The bill we passed today achieves the important task of making sure flood insurance remains affordable and accessible to those who need it. Importantly, it also gives homeowners, businesses and communities the time they need to implement flood prevention measures that will help to keep their rates affordable in the future. With the inclusion of our amendment, the bill also makes sure people get credit for the work they’ve already done to protect their basements.
Accessing quality, affordable child care is a concern for many families across North Dakota and the nation. The Senate passed a strong, bipartisan bill today that will provide resources for working parents to find child care that works best for their children’s needs. 
Developing safe, affordable housing in Indian country is absolutely necessary to ensure the well-being of our tribes. These HUD funds will help build stronger communities as good housing options help foster success.
At today’s SASC hearing, Gen. Kelly and I talked about how his military command lacks resources to stop roughly 75 percent of cocaine trafficking headed to the United States. Gen. Kelly said, "I watch them go by," when I asked him about his command's mission to interdict vessels illegally transporting drugs. Gen. Kelly explained this is because he lacks resources and that another year of defense cuts will zero out his assets: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/inhofe-informant/icymi-gen-kelly-tells-inhofe-that-military-lacks_resources-to-stop-75-of-drug-trafficking-into-us-
In case you missed FOX & Friends this morning, I played a round of  "Cut This, Not That" to show the President’s misguided prioritization of climate change over national security: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XOvTlLWgVE&feature=youtu.be
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe will be on FOX & friends at 7:50AM Central to discuss national security spending and the President's priorities.
This bipartisan deal extends emergency unemployment benefits without a deficit increase & helps Americans get back to work.
Hezbollah has killed 280 Americans but gets $100m+ from #Iran yearly. Since the P5+1 agreement, Iran has received $5.5 billion through sanctions relief.  John Kerry: Why are we funding terrorism?
Last fall, Republicans fought to protect Americans from the harmful effects of #Obamacare by trying to convince Democrats to delay implementation of individual mandate and other parts of the law.  But the president delayed only the employer mandate, protecting large businesses while unfairly forcing everyone else into Obamacare’s unstable and unsound system. As a result, millions of Americans received cancelation notices for their current insurance policies and were forced to purchase more expensive policies from a website that didn’t work.    It was painfully obvious at the time that the individual mandate would also have to be delayed, but President Obama and his Democratic allies in the Senate chose to engage in a standoff to defend the individual mandate, which led to the government shutdown.   Fast forward five months: We now learn that the president has in fact acted to delay the individual mandate on his own.  That means that instead of sparing millions of Americans the uncertainty, frustration, anger, and fear of losing their health insurance, and acting when he had the opportunity to help the country, the truth is that the president chose to fight for partisan political gain – only to flip flop a few short months later.    But this is all too little too late.  While these exemptions and delays provide temporary relief, they are a lifeline thrown from a sinking ship. The uncertainty that Obamacare has created for insurers, employers, care providers, and patients has now become a permanently entrenched fixture of the Obama economy.  The president’s unwillingness to work with Republicans to protect Americans from this disaster is an indictment of his vision of big government and will forever scar his presidency.  
"Since parents face very different circumstances from one community to the next, a decentralized program with more parental involvement, as envisioned by Senator Lee, should be much more flexible and effective than the current, calcified, Washington-based system."  The Obama Administration's own studies recognize that any benefits of Head Start disappear by 3rd grade.  Like and share if you agree that local communities and parents should play a bigger role in early childhood programs than Washington does:
#LeeTownhall selfie
My tele-townhall is starting now.  I hope you will come join us.  You can participate on Facebook by clicking this link: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
NA
NA
It was an honor to get to know Phillip and Heidi Kitts, a Manhattan couple working to make a difference for soldiers suffering from Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). Phillip is admirably dealing with TBI himself and was in Washington, D.C., to share his experience. Phillip served our country with two tours in Iraq and was selected to serve in the elite Old Guard. Heidi dutifully began supporting her husband full-time when his symptoms of TBI started to hinder his daily life. The Kitts are a testament to true service and patriotism — values Kansans and Americans hold dear.  Also accompanying Phillip and Heidi was GallantFew, Inc. Founder Karl Monger. GallantFew is a support network for soldiers and veterans looking to jumpstart their careers and dreams of small business ownership following service to our country.
The Child Care and Development Block Grant Act the Senate passed today is so important for the future of young people across the nation.  It will improve how states and tribes use federal block grants to assist low-income parents who are working or going to school.  I made sure the included maximum benefits for Alaskan kids.  Find out how here: 
Technology is an amazing thing- it can bridge the 4,000 mile gap between Washington and Alaska with the click of a mouse!  Today I connected with Ms. Moody's class in Coffman Cove via Sykpe to talk about Women's History Month.
I don’t believe the FDA has adequately studied the health, environmental and economic impacts of genetically engineered salmon or Frankenfish.  So today, I demanded a guarantee from the FDA that it won’t approve Frankenfish until it can guarantee it is safe.  Here’s their answer: http://1.usa.gov/1lCtZaQ
I was happy to catch up with kids from the Wasilla Youth Soccer Association’s Valley Revolution soccer team yesterday. These young people are part of the competitive travel team and are in DC playing some games.  Go Valley Revolution!
Glad to reach a bipartisan agreement on extending & paying for unemployment insurance. The President called for a ‘year of action’ and I hope that in the months to come, as we look for a long-term solution, he joins us in proposing significant reforms to this program.
Loans to Ukraine will make a pit stop in Ukraine then head to Russia: http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ukraine-crisis/3-billion-ukraine-aid-would-go-russia-n52056
In case you missed it: I joined Bill Hemmer on Fox’s America’s Newsroom to discuss Executive overreach, CPAC 2014, NSA surveillance program and my upcoming trip to UC Berkeley. WATCH below:
Congratulations Jayhawks! What a win in overtime!  The University of Kansas
Sebelius said today #ObamaCare premiums will likely go up next year. Wasn’t it supposed to be the “affordable” care act?
Senator Rubio, Colleagues Introduce The Venezuela Defense Of Human Rights And Civil Society Act: http://1.usa.gov/1cCYXzp  “The full U.S. Congress has spoken loudly and clearly that we stand with the Venezuelan people as they exercise their fundamental rights, and we condemn the Maduro regime’s deadly wave of repression,” said Rubio. “Now it’s time for actions that name, shame and punish the Maduro regime’s murderers and thugs who are responsible for the crackdown against innocent Venezuelans.     “Now is the time to stand with the Venezuelan people and increase pressure on the Maduro regime,” added Rubio. “I hope we can begin to move quickly to consider this legislation when the Senate reconvenes on March 24.” 
Senators Rubio, Kaine Introduce Resolution Calling For New Humanitarian Strategy In Syria: http://1.usa.gov/1m0GjEF  “It is clear by now that the measures taken to try and end Bashar al-Assad’s brutality against the Syrian people have failed,” said Rubio. “As long as the Assad regime continues to ignore deadlines and break promises without fear of consequence, millions of Syrian civilians, including children, will continue to suffer and even be indiscriminately killed. The administration should act quickly to propose a new strategy that includes concrete actions to increase pressure on Assad instead of giving him more room to maneuver and commit these atrocities.”
Senator Rubio Hails Senate’s Unanimous Approval Of Venezuela Resolution: http://1.usa.gov/Pv7V7S  “The full U.S. Senate unanimously stands with the Venezuelan people in their struggle for freedom and condemns Nicólas Maduro’s deadly wave of repression,” said Rubio. “This is an important demonstration of solidarity with the Venezuelan people and a wake-up call to the entire Western Hemisphere that the American people won’t tolerate human rights violations by Maduro’s regime.     “The murderers and thugs responsible for the crackdown against innocent Venezuelans need to be named, shamed and punished,” added Rubio. “With the full weight of the U.S. Senate behind sanctions, now is the time to increase the pressure on the Maduro regime.” 
Sen. Sessions commented on the passing of Medal of Honor recipient, Col. Ola Lee Mize:  “Colonel Ola Lee Mize is a native of Marshall County and an American hero. He embodied the ideals of service and courage and made our state proud. He is perhaps best remembered by his defense of 'Outpost Harry' when it was attacked during the Korean War. Col. Mize bravely protected injured comrades and held opposition forces at bay, valiantly risking his life for others. For this intrepid gallantry, Col. Mize earned a Medal of Honor, which remains on display in the Guntersville Museum. Mary and I mourn his passing and send our condolences to his wife, Betty, and his family. Alabama has lost a true hero and his legend will grow. I was honored to get to know him. He was a remarkable man whose courage on the battlefield extended to a determination to do the right thing in all aspects of life.”
If Obamacare is too harmful for President Obama's political friends, it's too harmful for all Americans.   Creating special exemptions for unions is wrong--read my letter to the administration here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-24-gop-colleagues-call-administration-immediately-rescind-rule
Talking with Bob McLain on WORD radio in Greenville now!
In The Post and Courier today, "Scott sounds the charge for school choice" - when parents have a choice, kids have a chance. ow.ly/uxZOv
Today, I voted in favor of the bipartisan flood insurance agreement. Here is my statement:   "I had two goals I wanted to achieve as the Senate debated reforms to the flood insurance bill. First, I wanted to ease the burden of sudden rate increases imposed on many Pennsylvania families. Second, I wanted to do so in a way that protects the financial integrity of the program so it can honor future claims.  "The Menendez bill the Senate passed earlier this year utterly failed to achieve the latter goal. Today's bill, while far from perfect, achieves both of my objectives, including protecting the flood insurance program's sustainability using a mechanism similar to the one I proposed in January."
It was my honor to welcome two outstanding Pennsylvania students as delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program – Stanley Marciniak III and Xiomara Salazar. Both have been recognized for their academic excellence and service to the community. In the Capitol last night, I signed their certificates and heard from each about their plans for college and beyond. Pennsylvania is very proud of them and we wish them all the best in their future endeavors!
NA
The Senate just passed a flood insurance bill that will provide much-needed relief for families and businesses across Mississippi.  Millions of Americans faced massive increases in flood insurance rates, threatening livelihoods and communities nationwide. This compromise will give homeowners some peace of mind, assuring them that their flood insurance rates will not immediately soar from several hundred dollars to the thousands and tens of thousands.
The Obama Administration has continually disregarded its constitutional obligations. This calls for congressional action to ensure federal law is fully implemented and enforced.  The bill would allow for a more efficient judicial review process of congressional lawsuits, which is important to keeping the executive branch accountable to the law.
