ICYMI: In today’s National Journal article -- “Do You Know What ‘On the Flagpole’ Means?”-- Catherine Hollander highlights a phrase Sen. Alexander has used since his time as governor to communicate the importance of accountability, most recently in Senate hearings about a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that affected many Tennesseans. Hollander writes: “A fatal fungal-meningitis outbreak last fall—the result of tainted steroid injections—has spurred proposed legislation to tighten restrictions on the type of pharmacies that mix custom drugs, a process known as compounding. Alexander, the ranking member on the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, wants to make sure someone is accountable for overseeing those facilities—or, as he says, to make clear who is ‘on the flagpole.’…Alexander has been using the phrase for more than 30 years. ‘My experience in life is that if it’s clear who’s on the flagpole, the job usually gets done.’” http://bit.ly/1ebzPe3
In a letter this week, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte urged leaders of the Senate Finance Committee to prohibit internet sales taxes.
Each Thursday when the Senate is in session, Senator Ayotte hosts a constituent coffee in her Capitol Hill office to welcome New Hampshire visitors to Washington and hear what's on their minds. If you're a New Hampshire resident planning a visit to our nation's capital, please consider joining her for coffee on Thursdays at 9 a.m.
Let's eliminate the death tax which is a hurdle that prevents America’s agriculture producers and small business owners from realizing their full potential.
I am working on a bill to resolve this unacceptable mistake and help bring closure to this Indiana family.   http://www.indystar.com/article/20130731/NEWS/307310031/Army-vet-keep-military-honor-despite-killing-Indianapolis-woman
ICYMI: News Release: Last Friday, I announced that Chobani, which employs more than 600 Idahoans at its Twin Falls production plant, has been selected as the Greek yogurt of choice for the new U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Greek yogurt pilot program.  Idaho, along with three other states, was chosen earlier this month to participate in the pilot program that will feature Greek yogurt in school lunches starting in the fall of 2014.  This news not only benefits Idaho’s communities, but our thriving dairy industry.  I have advocated for the inclusion of Greek yogurt in school lunches and am proud Chobani, with its presence here in Twin Falls, Idaho, has been selected to play a key role in the program.  I also look forward to joining with Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Luna and officials with Chobani and the Meridian School District for an event August 13 announcing details of the availability of Greek yogurt in Idaho schools.
Thanks to all of the members of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee for a productive mark up of Federal Housing Administration (FHA) Solvency Bill.  This bipartisan bill will further strengthen the FHA’s books, better protect taxpayers, and ensure qualified borrowers continue to have access to credit.  In the spring, Chairman Johnson and I announced that putting the FHA on a solid foundation was one of our top priorities.  I look forward to working with the Chairman, Majority Leader Harry Reid and Republican Leader Mitch McConnell to move this bipartisan bill to the floor.
NA
PHOTO: Enjoyed kicking off the first meeting of the Texas Shale Caucus with Rep. Cuellar:
LISTEN: Senator Cornyn on Edd Hendee Discussing the Most Effective Way to Defund Obamacare:
Writing in Foreign Policy today, Sen. Corker argues the Obama administration’s increasing reliance on intelligence agencies to carry out U.S. foreign policy and warfighting can diminish covert action as a valuable national security tool, undermine U.S. foreign policy goals, and prevent the kind of oversight from Congress that the American people expect.  “To ensure the continued availability of covert action -- a highly valuable and effective tool under the right circumstances -- we must make certain that no president misuses, overuses, or employs this tactic simply out of convenience or the desire to avoid oversight and debate. As a result, it is important to ask just how much of U.S. foreign policy is conducted secretly. The answer, unfortunately, appears to be too much…”  Read more: http://atfp.co/16jdMBj
CFPB at Terrible 2: extravagant, unaccountable, and snooping Americans’ financial habits.
Average annual growth since WW II is 3.3%. Today's 1.7% GDP number confirms that economic growth remains stuck in the mud.  We must defund Obamacare and get growth back.
“The true test of any scholar's work is not what his contemporaries say, but what happens to his work in the next 25 or 50 years. And the thing that I will really be proud of is if some of the work I have done is still cited in the text books long after I am gone.”
 
 Happy birthday to one of my heroes, the late Milton Friedman.
If we're not willing to fight on Obamacare, on what are we willing to fight?  Defund Obamacare now!
Great time visiting with Sean Hannity tonight. There is bipartisan agreement that Obamacare isn't working. If we won't fight it now, when will we?
In the Senate HELP Committee we passed a bill today that would upgrade one of our workforce laws. The Workforce Investment Act is great for people out of work and local businesses looking for particular skill sets. It also will help our country be more competitive globally.
I supported Senator Paul’s amendment that would suspend military aid to Egypt until a full peaceful transfer of power has taken place.  The Senate voted it down.  U.S. law now prohibits foreign assistance to any country whose duly elected head of government is deposed by a military coup.  That is what happened in Egypt.  Sen. Paul’s amendment would require us to follow the law.
Thanks very much to the following individuals and organizations for their letters supporting the bill I introduced (S. 1300) that would help reduce wildfire risks by extending federal agencies’ authority to enter into forest stewardship contracts. The support was greatly appreciated yesterday during the Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee hearing on public lands bills. Hoping that we can get this useful tool reauthorized after the Congressional recess.   Coconino County Gila County Graham County Navajo County Arizona State Senator Steve Pierce Town of Payson Mayor, Kenny Evans City of Scottsdale Mayor, Jim Lane City of Williams City of Flagstaff The Flagstaff Chamber of Commerce The Economic Collaborative of Northern Arizona The Flagstaff Forty Eastern Arizona Counties Organization The Agri-Business Council of Arizona Salt River Project The 4FRI Stakeholder Group
This week a bipartisan Senate resolution I introduced calling for action to address rural call completion problems passed the Senate Commerce Committee and will now head to a full vote in the Senate. A 21st century communications infrastructure is essential for communities in both rural and urban areas across the country, and I look forward to continuing efforts with my colleagues to improve access to adequate phone and internet services for all Nebraskans.
Proud to support Jack Hoffman this morning at the Nebraska delegation breakfast.  Jack, his parents, Andy and Brianna, and Team Jack have worked tirelessly to raise awareness for pediatric brain cancer and the limited treatment options currently available.
GOP Sen. Sect. Dave Schiappa leaving is loss to Senate. Hard 2 lose 29 yrs of institutional history of helping run senate floor
Congratulations Caleb Harris. Your work on behalf of Nevada's veteran community is unmatched. Thank you.
I will continue to voice my opposition to nuclear waste being stored in Nevada. FOX5 Local. Las Vegas video: http://bit.ly/15vAViV
“America’s abundance of energy resources combined with the technological know-how and entrepreneurial talent of Americans to develop them can lift our country up. The Domestic Energy and Jobs Act takes a comprehensive, step-by-step approach to developing our nation’s vast energy resources in order to create jobs, improve our economy and make our nation safer and more secure.”
Everyone agrees that TSCA needs to be amended and reformed. It is time to bring the bill into the 21st Century to improve public protection and provide essential regulatory certainty for businesses. We addressed this issue today in an EPW hearing, and I look forward to seeing this bipartisan reform bill pass the Senate. http://1.usa.gov/133d7zE
Congressman John Shimkus is right: Yucca Mountain nuclear storage site is the least expensive option and should move forward now:  http://www.nationaljournal.com/energy/house-republicans-to-energy-secretary-don-t-scrap-yucca-20130731
Please join me in congratulating the 5 interns from my Washington, D.C. office who were recognized yesterday for their hard work by the Illinois State Society.
 
 More: http://1.usa.gov/17TNHbd
Far too many seniors face financial ruin from reverse mortgage loans they can't afford. Today the Senate Banking Committee approved my amendment to reduce seniors' risk of foreclosure, bankruptcy and passing undue debt to their children.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=826
"We need a new direction. To succeed globally, we need to educate locally."  Like and share if you agree with this op-ed that I co-authored with Senator Rand Paul.
Talking to Rush Limbaugh about the effort to #defundobamacare.
Outside of Washington #Obamacare isn't controversial, it is despised.
This week, I joined a bipartisan group of Senators to introduce the Good Samaritan Hunger Relief Tax Incentive Act. The bill would continue and expand a proven, effective tax incentive to encourage businesses and farms to donate surplus food to local food banks. This legislation is a commonsense solution to increase food bank contributions — in rural and urban areas alike — and make use of the millions of pounds of food that go to waste each year. It is especially critical during these difficult economic times when food banks have an increased need to provide emergency food assistance.
Recently, I introduced legislation to ensure a healthy future for Kansas' community banks. The Community Lending Enhancement and Regulatory (CLEAR) Relief Act would strip away outdated, unnecessary regulation and allow community banks to focus on what they do best: provide loans to their communities and help small businesses grow.  I encourage you to read the American Banker article below that discusses this legislation as well as an estimated 30 pending bills between the House and Senate to ease the regulatory burden on community banks.
James Hastings’ story is one of a truly dedicated American.  He stepped up and served our country proudly, then devoted his life to helping his fellow soldiers and veterans.  James takes these warriors who have given so much to our nation and helps them find a little peace in the great Alaskan outdoors we all love.  We owe it to veterans like James to honor them by sharing their stories, and we owe it to the rest of us to learn from the high levels of patriotism, commitment and service they demonstrate.  Watch James’ story below and nominate a veteran you know for my Veteran Spotlight project here: Spotlight@Murkowski.Senate.Gov
Secured important step forward for pay for performance in WIA job training today. Next step: full Senate.
Watch Senator Rand Paul, Senator Mike Lee, and Senator Ted Cruz moderated by YAL's own Jeff Frazee in a livestreamed roundtable discussion at 8 p.m. EST TONIGHT!  This is the kickoff of YAL's 5th Annual National Convention, and we'll be livestreaming most of the Convention training and keynotes tonight, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday!
I'm on the Senate floor discussing my amendment that would put an end to illegally aiding Egypt.    Watch here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/ …
Productive meeting with Re. Lynn Jenkins and General Robert Cone discussing the intellectual center of the Army, Fort Leavenworth
More troubling news for Obamacare exchanges: Georgia has asked for an emergency delay because rates for health insurance plans to be offered under their exchange are 198 percent higher than the current average. I have introduced legislation that will eliminate these exchanges should they not be ready, and this news further confirms they won't be. http://savannahnow.com/news/2013-07-31/georgia-requests-emergency-delay-health-exchange#.UfkLSo21Emt
Rubio: Continuing Resolution Best Time To Stop ObamaCare Before It Begins: http://1.usa.gov/15cPzxR
Once again, the president wants the government to pick winners and losers instead of getting out of the way and allowing our entrepreneurs and job creators to take risks, make investments, and grow.  http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20130730/PC16/130739952/1009/obama-x2019-s-corporate-tax-plan-doesn-x2019-t-win-over-gop&source=RSS
I am proud to cosponsor "The Enumerated Powers Act" with Senator Tom Coburn and Senator Rand Paul to require explanation of Constitutional basis for proposed bills.
Great to welcome Villanova University grad Christopher Marroletti to my DC office today. Currently interning in Congressman Jim Gerlach's office, he introduced me when I gave the commencement this spring.
In case you missed it, a Lehigh Valley WWII vet is finally awarded his Bronze Star:
Great news for Penn State Harrisburg: TE Connectivity gives $500,000 to fund capstone projects to train PA's future engineers. The Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) disciplines are crucial to the Commonwealth’s economic growth and prosperity.
NA
NA
