“Italy has its art, Egypt has its pyramids, Napa Valley has its wines and Nashville has its songwriters. Songwriters are the lifeblood of Music City, and their paychecks ought to be based on the fair market value of their songs – so that when they write a hit heard around the world, you can see it in their billfolds.” – Lamar Alexander  In Nashville today, Senators Alexander, Corker and Hatch announced the Songwriter Equity Act - a bill that would allow songwriters to be compensated for the fair market value of their work. Read more on their legislation here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=de83480f-0c4d-4f71-87e1-fc3460152b01
Praying for the safety of all the first responders in Brentwood.
Senator Ayotte released the following statement today regarding National Small Business Week:  "Small businesses are the backbone of New Hampshire's economy, and this week we recognize the entrepreneurial spirit of our nation's small business owners. In my travels across our state, I've heard valuable input from small business owners about ways to help them succeed and grow - including eliminating federal red tape and burdensome regulations. We need to make sure that policies coming out of Washington drive job creation, and I'll continue my efforts to advance pro-growth policies aimed at creating a better economic climate for small businesses to grow and create jobs."
I joined Jennifer Kielman live in-studio to talk about my efforts to improve mental health treatment for all Americans, including members of the military and their families. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1u9GcsZ
My goal is to work with our nation’s leaders to guarantee our servicemen and women, veterans, and military families have access to quality behavioral health treatment. Read more about my ongoing efforts and why it is critical to treat mental health illness like a physical illness in my column this week.
It’s time for Senate Democrats to stop playing politics with Keystone XL and allow the Senate to continue debate on this energy bill that would create tens of thousands of American jobs.
Great crowd gathered for Missouri State University's Agricultural Forum. Glad to speak to everyone.
Brooke and I were shocked to hear the news of Keith Crisco's untimely death. I considered Keith a close, personal friend and I know how much he cared for the state of North Carolina. He will be greatly missed. Our thoughts and prayers are with Keith's family at this difficult time.
Half a billion of your hard-earned dollars has been spent on four failed Obamacare exchanges – it’s time to repeal and replace. #PatientCAREact #brokenpromises #DoesObamaCare
A whistleblower, who was a former associate chief of staff, has come forward claiming a Texas VA facility delayed or denied colonoscopies to veterans as a cost-saving measure -- leading to the deaths of veterans in their care. 
Along with the previously mentioned location in Mayflower, FEMA has now opened a disaster recovery center in Vilonia. FEMA will have personnel at both sites to offer assistance to those that come by.  Hours of operation for both locations:  9:00 am – 7 pm, Monday – Saturday 1:00 pm – 7 pm, Sunday  The Vilonia address is:  1122 Main St. Vilonia, AR   The Mayflower address is: 600 Highway 365 Mayflower, AR  Additional tornado relief information can be found on my website. My staff in Little Rock also remain available to help and can be reached at (501) 372-7153.
As a veteran, I firmly believe our country has a duty to honor and support those who have sacrificed to protect and defend our country. Some issues must rise above politics and the care of our veterans tops the list. The reports out of Phoenix and other VA facilities are shocking, outrageous and completely unacceptable. Once all the facts are gathered, sweeping changes must be made at this agency. Right now, the credibility of the entire VA health and benefits system is on the line. Along with addressing allegations of abuse, the excessive delays at VA facilities, including those faced by many Hoosiers, must be eliminated. While resignations from top leadership may be necessary, the real problem facing the VA is a culture of mismanagement and indifference to the needs of veterans. The VA must refocus and reorganize to ensure that America’s veterans are receiving the care and support they deserve.
Last week Fed Chair Janet Yellen told me that deficits are set to rise to unsustainable levels.
NA
NA
Cornyn Responds to New Whistleblower Claims at Texas VA Facility: 
May 8th, 2014
Great to speak with the Bryan-College Station and Waco Chambers of Commerce last week:
May 1st, 2014
It is beyond time to get the full resources of both houses of Congress behind this investigation and get the truth about what happened in #Benghazi.
Sneak peek: Just spoke with Sean Hannity about getting answers to the questions we still have about #Benghazi. Catch the discussion tonight at 9 pm CT on Fox News!
“Texas is the best state for business and I don’t see anything slow it down...It’s an exciting time in Texas.”  Agreed! 
Another day, another slate of reasons for #FullRepeal of Obamacare: Millions of dollars for failed Obamacare exchanges, phony success stories, and Americans headed south of the border for care.
Bipartisan #TXLege #SrirachaDelegation heads to California to tour the Huy Fong Foods factory.   A sign of things to come?
Weston County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Tuesday, May 13. She will be in   Newcastle at the Weston County Library from 11 a.m. to 12 p.m. and in Osage at the Kitty Moats Complex from 4 p.m. to 5 p.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
In honor of Small Business Week, each day this week I will highlight one of Nebraska’s many thriving small business that help drive our state’s economy and create good jobs.   A few years ago Brian Schlueter opened Moonstruck Meadery in Bellevue, Nebraska. The operation, which initially was run out of Brian’s garage, now brews meads that are enjoyed around the world. I had the opportunity to visit the facility back in February and was immediately impressed by the passion and commitment of Brian and his team to creating a quality product.
Tomorrow is the 1st anniversary of the conviction of Kermit Gosnell and I will be joining with members of the pro-life community to push Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to allow a vote on my legislation, S. 1670, The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.  Here's the video from when we introduced this legislation in November. 
NA
Here is Robert’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Looking forward to rooting for North Dakota native Kat Perkins tonight as she performs on The Voice.  Tune in to NBC tonight at 7CT. 
Central Power has received $29M loan guarantee from USDA to improve electric service in North Dakota.
NATO allies cannot continue to arm Russia in light of its continued aggression against its neighbors. President Obama and Secretary of State Kerry must demand France suspend the sale of two French warships to Russia. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1073
This weekend I visited the LaGrange home of Nancy Misiewicz, whose son Josh lost both legs while serving our country in Afghanistan. Rebuilding Together and Sears helped make the home more accessible for Josh. I’m supporting the HAVEN Act (S.1387) to help more disabled veterans stay in their homes.
This article ignores another solution for the highway bill. Today, the federal highway program is funded by a gasoline tax of 18.4 cents on every gallon sold at the pump. That money is supposed to be going into steel, concrete, and asphalt in the ground. Instead, too much of it is being siphoned off by bureaucrats and special interests in Washington.  Congressman Tom Graves and I introduced the Transportation Empowerment Act. Under our bill, the federal gas tax would be phased down over five years from 18.4 cents per gallon, to 3.7 cents. Highway authority would be transferred proportionately from the federal government to the states.  Under our new system, Americans would no longer have to send significant gas-tax revenue to Washington, where sticky-fingered politicians, bureaucrats, and lobbyists take their cut before sending it back with strings attached. Instead, states and cities could plan, finance, and build better-designed and more affordable projects. #RebuildAmerica
I wish all mothers everywhere a very happy Mother's Day!
Cindy and I are very happy for our son Jim and his new fiancée Holly Ross - engaged this weekend!
Too many veterans are suffering because the Department of Veterans Affairs is failing to serve their needs. I want to hear about your experience with the VA. Please take a moment to share your personal story and I will make certain the VA receives your message.
Here's one big reason I keep telling Americans we need to get moving and invest in an Arctic future: Nations like Russia are already gearing up, and moving full steam ahead. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2626193/Russia-wins-oil-rich-territory-big-Switzerland-without-violence-handed-Ali-Babas-cave-natural-resources-arctic.html#ixzz31VpBWqpN
This week is National Women's Health Week.  Over the weekend, I was able to share my thoughts and encouragement with many women veterans attending the VA's Spring Health and Wellness for Women Veterans Retreat.   I also shared my ongoing concern about the issue of military sexual assault among the ranks, and told the attendees that my work against this issue will continue.
Today, I issued a letter to Harry Reid announcing my intent to hold the pending nominations to the Federal Reserve System unless S. 209, the Federal Reserve Transparency Act (Audit the Fed), is also considered.  Read the letter here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1153
Defending the rights of all American citizens to a trial by jury is a core value of our Constitution. Those who would make exceptions for killing accused American citizens without trial should give thought to the times in our history when either prejudice or fear allowed us to forget due process.   Read my entire New York Times op-ed here: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/12/opinion/show-us-the-drone-memos.html?smid=tw-share&smv2&_r=0
In case you missed it, check out the latest Roberts Report featuring the latest leg of my 105 county tour where we visited 20 counties covering over 2,000 miles, the new tanker mission at McConnell, and the IRS's decision to rewrite its political speech regs.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=02aa5450-8b96-4d09-b39e-8f76216a2e06&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
When I was a teenager, the sudden passing of my mentor led me to set my life's mission: to positively affect the lives of a billion people.  My Opportunity Agenda is a direct reflection of that goal. It is founded on the principle that all Americans should have the opportunity to succeed through education, job skills training and a strong economy.  You can read more here: http://Scott.Senate.Gov/OpportunityAgenda 
Working for 7,200 jobs in Northeast PA with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. & Rep. Lou Barletta. Let's get Tobyhanna Army Depot on the radar of the U.S. Department of Transportation:
Wicker Report | America’s troops face unique challenges in fulfilling their missions on and off the battlefield, which is why access to adequate mental health care is so important to their well-being.  Addressing military suicides is one way Congress can send a signal to service members that they and their families will have the resources they need for help.  In emphasizing effective care and patient privacy, the “Jacob Sexton Act” would bring us closer to lowering what have become heartbreaking statistics.       
