ICYMI: In today’s Education Week article—“Arne Duncan attaches more strings to NCLB waiver renewals”  --Michele McNeil writes about the U.S. Department of Education’s waiver renewal process for states wanting two additional years of flexibility under No Child Left Behind.   McNeil writes, “Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., wasn't happy at all. The top Republican on the Senate education committee rekindled his criticism that the Education Department is becoming a national school board. Of Duncan, he said: ‘He still has states over a barrel, so he's claiming even more detailed control over everything from when and how they evaluate their teachers to which schools they identify as low-performing, and he's forcing them to complete what looks like hundreds of extra pages of paperwork.’” Please ”LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that “parents, teachers and communities,” rather than Washington, should decide if teachers and schools are succeeding or failing. http://bit.ly/14H3sTR
NA
More American energy means more American jobs. I visited Missourians in Poplar Bluff and Cape Girardeau yesterday to discuss ways we can reduce energy costs for families and businesses in our state and nationwide.
A new GAO report found that weak oversight and unclear rules has made the VA ripe for abuse. There is no doubt that our veterans deserve better.  Read more below.
It's our last day of the ag tour. Today we were in NWA and visited a turkey farm and the MWD Produce Farm in Prairie Grove where this photo was taken. We had a great time and met a lot of great people and learned a lot that we'll use as we make policies that impact agriculture.
U.S. involvement with Syria through bombing, unless there is a clear national security interest, is an act of war and thus Congressional approval is necessary. The President should explain to the American people his reasoning and go before Congress to get authorization.  He needs to share the intelligence used to make his decision, the goals of a military strike and his plan to achieve those goals, as well as explain his broader Syria policy and strategy, something that has been lacking since the crisis began two and half years ago. Without doing so, he risks exasperating the situation. This is the exact mistake he made in his handling of the Libya crisis. Read more by following this link below to a lengthy post on the subject.
Fox: Lawmakers Renew Push to Label Fort Hood Terror, Give Victims Benefits After Hasan Sentence
Almost 4 years after passage of Obamacare, more than 30 million Americans uninsured for health care for more than 1 year.
Yesterday, Senator Corker made the following statement after participating in a conference call with senior Obama administration officials regarding evidence of the Assad regime’s continued use of chemical weapons in Syria. Earlier in the day, Corker received a separate classified briefing on the crisis in Syria. "While I’m opposed to American boots on the ground in Syria, I would support surgical, proportional military strikes given the strong evidence of the Assad regime’s continued use of chemical warfare. Whatever limited action is taken should not further commit the U.S. in Syria beyond the current strategy to strengthen the vetted, moderate opposition," said Corker. "While the administration has engaged in congressional consultation, they should continue to be forthcoming with information and would be far better off if they seek authorization based upon our national interests, which would provide the kind of public debate and legitimacy that can only come from Congress."
Brief taped remarks at a photo-op is no substitute for real consultation with Congress and the American people. #Syria
FACT: Obamacare's “essential health benefit” standards will likely make your health care plan more expensive.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
President Obama ignoring Congress—again—by unilaterally imposing gun restrictions.   Instead of evading Congress, why isn’t the Administration prosecuting felons and fugitives who illegally try to purchase firearms?
I’m incredibly grateful for the opportunity to visit directly with so many Nebraskans this month. As the August state work period wraps up, you can watch an overview of my trip across the state here!
Truly enjoyed today's Town Hall and hearing from South Carolina residents about the many problems facing our nation. Thanks again for taking time out of your day to join the call and sharing your thoughts with me.
Statement from Senator Grassley about possible U.S. military action in Syria:  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=46870
Any state legislator who wants to save money and improve quality in Medicaid should follow RhodeIsland waiver. Read WSJournal Ed 8/28
US Office of Personnel Management should clearly require ALL congressional staff, including Committee and Leadership staff, to go into #Obamacare exchanges when issuing the final rule. Congress and the Administration must play by the same rules as the American taxpayer. Read my letter here: http://1.usa.gov/14dRJZg
Last night the Administration informed us that they have a ‘broad range of options’ for Syria but failed to lay out a single option. They also did not provide a timeline, a strategy for Syria and the Middle East, or a plan for the funds to execute such an option. Several members agreed with me that whatever is decided upon, it’s going to take military resources that are at decreased readiness levels due to a lack of funding.  As Sec. Hagel, Adm. Winnefeld, and I have discussed before, we have a financial crisis in our military. We have a starving military. Even Gen. Dempsey has said we are putting our military on a path where the ‘force is so degraded and so unready’ that it would be ‘immoral to use the force.’ The Administration owes it to Congress and to the American people to lay out how they will fund their military action. Is it going to be more furloughs? We have already had 14,000 furloughed at Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma alone. As I have said before, no red line should have even been drawn without first preparing a strategic plan and assessing our resources.
Rep. Bobby Rush and I are united in our efforts to solve the serious problem of violence in #Chicago. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=849
Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution gives the president power to convene Congress under "extraordinary" circumstances.  If the president thinks our national security interests require military intervention in #Syria, he should convene Congress immediately, make his case, and request authorization for such intervention.
Headed to LA to join Jay Leno on The Tonight Show - tune in this evening!
I enjoyed catching up with Kansas State University Football Coach Bill Snyder at the dedication of the new West Stadium Center this morning. Good luck to Coach Snyder and the student athletes who will take on North Dakota State in tonight's season opener.
Tonight, Kansas Regent Robba Moran and I joined 1,500 K-State Sports fans to celebrate the new West Stadium Center at Bill Snyder Family Stadium.
This week I was lucky enough to meet this amazing, vivacious little girl; 7-year-old Megan Traxinger.  She has alopecia, which basically means she is allergic to her own hair.  She doesn’t let it get her down though, and instead uses it to help educate others about the condition, especially her classmates.  We could all learn a thing or two from Megan; don’t let what others say about you shape how you see yourself.
This morning I am off to King Cove with Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.  It is incredibly important for her to see the community and talk to the residents firsthand about the need for a road from King Cove to Cold Bay.  I truly believe this road could help save lives.  I hope to show her that the people out there are just as important, and deserve just as much consideration as the birds that those who want to block this road want to “save.”  This is Alaska, and we do an excellent job of coexisting and thriving with wildlife.  A 10 mile emergency road won’t change that.
On Sunday, I am appearing on NBC's Meet the Press with David Gregory. Be sure to tune in!   Click here to find out when Meet the Press airs in your area: http://www.nbcnews.com/id/3080248/ns/meet_the_press-more/t/meet-press-your-area/#.UiDNTTZeZ8F
NA
This morning, I spoke with Tucker Carlson on Fox and Friends.  Watch the interview here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqnxqlx86EY
In case you missed it: Last night, I appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity to discuss the conflict in Syria.    Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpMhnOPt9so
Martin Luther King Jr.'s  speech ranks alongside The Declaration of Independence and Emancipation Proclamation as one of the most important expressions of American values and aspirations in our history.  Read my op-ed in its entirety here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/aug/30/paul-extending-the-reach-of-kings-dream/#ixzz2dSXHp0Fy
NA
It was a great day to celebrate Kansas State University and K-State Football. The new West Front to the Snyder Family Stadium will enhance the game day experience for all K-State fans.
“Valerie Jarrett, one of President Barack Obama’s top deputies, said Tuesday that immigration reform would be as important to the country’s future as Obamacare… 'It will be a landmark piece of legislation,’ she told a videotaped meeting of progressive allies in a building alongside the White House…[Jarrett] described the immigration bill as a gain for a progressive version of civil rights. She ignored its economic impact on individual Americans’ wages and employment prospects… The Senate bill, which was approved in July, could double immigration rates to add 46 million foreigners by 2033, and give the federal government more control over companies’ labor supply…opponents of the pending immigration bills say they will shrink most Americans’ wages and wealth, and hit low-skilled Americans hardest.”
Speaking with Bradford County business leaders and job creators.
