Ayotte thanked the soldiers for their bravery and commitment to the nation.  "We are very blessed in this country," said Ayotte. "And we are only safe and free because of the sacrifice of the men and women in uniform."  "We can never thank you enough for the sacrifices you are making," she told family members.
I spoke with Bill Hemmer on Fox News this morning about the impact of potential sequestration cuts and the need for presidential leadership. The President first proposed the sequester, then he claimed last year during the campaign that it “will not happen.” Republicans have already passed two bills that would replace the sequester in a smarter way. The president needs to step forward and outline a plan to rein in spending without raising taxes on middle class Americans and job creators.
We had a great meeting with representatives from the Shot@Life campaign that focuses on providing polio, pneumococcal, rotavirus, and the measles vaccines to children in developing countries.  We are proud of the work that Sarah and Henri are doing to help protect kids around the world.
NA
News Release: Last week, Senator Risch and I joined several other colleagues in introducing the Grazing Improvement Act to provide more stability to those who use livestock grazing permits. Ranchers, and all users of public lands, deserve certainty from the licensing process. This legislation will help create that and I hope this legislation can move forward quickly.
Weekly Op-Ed: Many of you have emailed, called, posted here and tweeted your concerns about the executive actions taken by the administration regarding firearms.  As a gun owner, and strong supporter of the Second Amendment, I do not believe that more restrictions on law abiding citizens is the answer.  Everyone must understand that we cannot legislate away risk and violence, but I welcome a debate on how we can improve mental health issues and crime control.  Above all, I will oppose any effort to weaken law-abiding Idahoans’ Second Amendment rights.
Sad the Violence Against Women Act has become politicized by including an unconstitutional provision on tribal courts that could easily be remedied.   We'll try to fix it in House version.
PHOTO: Congrats to Texas Tech and Chancellor Hance on reaching their $1 billion fundraising goal:
1,384 days since D majority in Senate has passed a budget: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/
6 "pivots" to jobs
Nancy Pelosi: "It is almost a false argument to say we have a spending problem. We have a budget deficit problem that we have to address. ... It isn't as much a spending problem as much as it is priorities."
Good question for President Obama.
I will use next week's congressional state work period to hold "listening sessions" across the state.
When the federal government pays one group of Americans, it takes that money from a different group of Americans.  If the federal government pays a person with borrowed money, it will still have to take that money from other Americans in the future.
Lincoln and Uinta County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office Tuesday, February 12, and Wednesday, February 13. She will be at the Kemmerer Town Hall from 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. on February 12. She will be at the Lyman Town Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m., the Evanston Town Hall from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m., and the Bear River Town Hall from 2:15 p.m. to 3:15 p.m. on February 13. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Did President Obama at any time during this eight-hour attack pick up the phone and call anybody in Libya to get help for these folks?
Grassley fighting to end Job Corps freeze » The Ottumwa Courier
Uncut: Sen. Chuck Grassley ‘On the Record’ - GretaWire
SEC’s revolving door
Lew to face questions over Cayman fund
Jack Lew, Cayman Islands
Newspaper stories about Harkin papers and where they may be donated brought up Q abt my papers. I picked UNI in 1988 to deposit mine.
Congratulations to our nation's newest Medal of Honor recipient and Minot resident Clint Romesha. He is a true American hero.
NA
McConnell during speech on Senate floor today:  “Because, I assure you, my constituents in Kentucky will not accept a tax hike in place of spending cuts already agreed to by both parties – I suspect none of our constituents would. And they won’t tolerate Democrats’ continued avoidance of their responsibility to deal with huge threats to our economy and our future."
Last week, I was honored to receive the 2012 Distinguished Public Service Award from the Association of American Cancer Institutes (AACI). AACI is dedicated to promoting the nation’s leading research institutions’ efforts to eradicate cancer through comprehensive and multidisciplinary programs.  This honor was especially meaningful because it was presented to me personally by Dr. Roy Jensen, Director of University of Kansas Cancer Center (KUCC). I am proud to support tremendous research advances in Kansas, and look forward to continuing to advocate for efforts to combat cancer and bring new hope to patients and their families.
Congrats to Allen Moore on his Yukon Quest win!  I can’t wait until the Last Great Race- 19 days to go.
Couldn't make it to Frankfort for the hemp hearing today? Watch live here: http://www.ket.org/legislature/watch_live.php?chamber=senate
It’s very unseemly that a politician gets to decide the death of an American citizen  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PLX9ldBERc
Next week I will hold town hall meetings to listen to the concerns of Kansans in Allen, Anderson and Franklin Counties. I will also join Jerry Moran and Congressman Kevin Yoder for a town hall forum in Olathe. For more information: http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/?p=townhall
March 1, 2013 is the deadline to apply for a summer internship in my Washington office. If you are interested in applying, please visit my website.
Senator Rubio Releases Statement On Resignation Of Pope Benedict XVI: http://1.usa.gov/Y4SUpi
Amazing day at MUSC Children's Hospital in Charleston delivering valentines. The strength and determination of the kids and their families is inspiring.
ICYMI. Fiscal responsibility & cutting spending may be good politics, but most important - it's good policy.
For your coffee break this Monday morning: The NYT highlights a battle royale between two of Pennsylvania’s most iconic chains. Which do you choose? Wawa? Or Sheetz?
Yesterday kicked off the VA’s National Salute to Veterans Patients Week. Proud to support all our veterans.
With the courage and conscience he has shown during his tenure, Pope Benedict XVI steps down. He will be missed by Catholics and the world’s faith community.
I'll be on with the Lehigh Valley's Bobby Gunther Walsh at 8:45. Hope you'll tune in:
