In case you missed it, the New York Times has a great piece on the ABLE Act. #passtheABLEact   The ABLE Act is a commonsense piece of legislation that allows families of disabled children to have the same access to tax preferred savings accounts as the parents of college-bound kids.
It is not up to the President to selectively decide which portions of a law to enforce and which to ignore. Commonsense suggests that the President may enjoy some discretion while implementing a law, but willfully ignoring entire portions of a law far exceeds that leeway.   This week, the House of Representatives took a step toward reining in these abuses of power by passing the ENFORCE the Law Act of 2014, which makes it easier for Congress, as part of its oversight powers, to sue the executive branch for failing to enforce the law.     While the House was considering this very bill, I joined with Senator Roy Blunt (R-MO) and twenty-two of our colleagues to introduce a companion bill in the Senate. It aims to eliminate the procedural hurdles put in front of previous attempts by Members of Congress, and ad hoc groups of Members, to seek judicial review of alleged failures by the president to faithfully execute the law.
ICYMI: I'm fighting for our military families. The defense budget proposes to slash even more benefits our military families need. In this speech on the Senate floor yesterday I said "cuts on our military families are unacceptable and I will fight to preserve the benefits our military families were promised." Watch the speech below. #Keepthepromise
Many of you have asked about the Senate’s consideration of S. 1982, or the Comprehensive Veterans Health and Benefits and Military Retirement Pay Restoration Act last week.  The measure would have amended or revised laws concerning medical services and other benefits provided to veterans and their families.  It would have also revised a range of benefits from G.I. Bill-related matters to mental health matters and veterans employment issues.    As has become far too common in the Senate these days, the bill was not the product of detailed committee review nor adequately evaluated.  The unfortunate result is the proposed new programs could exacerbate the challenges the Department of Veterans Affairs already faces with claims processing and quality service delivery.  Additionally, this legislation contained $261 million in additional budget authority for Fiscal Year 2014, thereby exceeding the spending levels allowed by the budget levels set by law under the Bipartisan Budget Agreement signed by the President in December 2013.  The sponsors were not able to identify the source of revenues for that additional spending, and the Senate ultimately voted not to advance the bill.  Senator Richard Burr offered an alternative to S. 1982 that did not violate the Bipartisan Budget Agreement levels.  Senator Burr’s legislation contained many of the same provisions of S. 1982; however, his measure was consistent with pre-existing budget levels.  Unfortunately, Senator Burr was denied a vote on his measure.  As a strong supporter of our nation’s veterans, I support securing the needed resources for veterans without short-changing important future programs as S. 1982 would have done.  Our nation is indebted to those individuals who have served in the Armed Services and we must keep our commitment to these brave men and women.  Given the sacrifices our military men and women make, Congress must provide the necessary resources to our service personnel and their families. Although we are in a time of fiscal crisis with our national debt exceeding $17 trillion, we must do all that we can do to identify the most holistic and cost-effective ways to provide the resources and benefits our military community needs.
Appreciated the opportunity to discuss housing finance reform with CNBC’s Rick Santelli this morning.  We need to stabilize and strengthen the housing finance market, essentially winding down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, taking them out of government control.
Here's the ABC World News Tonight story that features Senator Collins.  Just like the hard-working folks at New Balances factories in Maine say... we can make it in America!
Ukraine asks for military assistance, not boots on the ground, and POTUS sends MREs. Sad.
Well that’s quite the departure from what we were told before Obamacare passed... #FullRepeal
How could a decision in Bond v. United States on the treaty power pose dire threats to U.S. sovereignty, our system of federalism and separation of powers? Read:
Odd. I don't recall you "might end up having to switch doctors" being part of the sales pitch.   Do you? #FullRepeal
We should have passed the Ukraine aid bill yesterday, but Harry Reid held it hostage to impose IMF reform measures that haven’t been able to pass on their own merit.
This might have been useful to know years ago when pitching the law.   You know, instead of repeating this: http://on.wsj.com/1bXao54
So much for "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor." #FullRepeal
#HappyPiDay Hopefully there are still fewer digits in the national debt than in Pi when the debt limit suspension ends a year from tomorrow!
It is not the job of the U.S. Senate to vilify private citizens.
The Founding Fathers envisioned states as a check against the federal government. Unfortunately, states have few options to respond to the thousands of rules, regulations and unfunded mandates the federal government passes every year. I introduced a resolution Thursday that would amend the Constitution and give states the authority to repeal any federal law or regulation. My amendment would give states a powerful voice in national debates by acting as a vital check against an expanding federal government. 
Just because Obamacare isn't working doesn't mean the Administration can bailout its political supporters. I signed a letter with 24 other colleagues calling on the Administration to not give unions special exemptions from Obamacare. If this is not stopped we will consider taking legislative action to combat this unreasonable exemption.
It was great to meet with Joseph Rubino from Laramie and Dakota Frederick from Guernsey who were visiting DC with the US Senate Youth Program on March 12. The Senate Youth Program allows high school students interested in pursuing careers in public service to spend a week in Washington experiencing their national government in action. http://www.hearstfdn.org/ussyp/
From the IRS’s targeting of conservative organizations to the administration’s selective delays of Obamacare, Americans have seen the federal government play the unfair game of picking winners and losers. My column this week lays out some of the measures I’m working on in the Senate to fight back against government overreach.
This is big news for homeowners up and down the South Carolina coast.  I was proud to support this important legislation and look forward to it being signed into law.  
National Sunshine Week starts Sunday.  Senator Grassley says it’s a time to salute efforts to hold federal government accountable to the taxpaying public, making its policymaking transparent to the people because the federal bureaucracy too often circles the wagons and erects a stone wall to bypass transparency and accountability.  Here’s more:
Sen. Chuck Grassley, co-chairman of the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth, welcomes three more senators to the caucus:  Mark R. Warner (D-Va.), Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), James Inhofe (R-Okla.).  Six new members have joined this month, strengthening the focus on public policy to help foster youth.  Read more here:  
Families and businesses have been especially hard hit throughout our state and region by this season’s long, cold winter. Passage of our bill will now give residents and businesses the certainty of knowing they will have enough propane to heat their homes and businesses till the end of this heating season, and the industry will be able to stock propane supplies for next year, as well.
Yesterday, Gen. James Jones told Senate Foreign Relations Committee that Keystone XL " litmus test of whether the U.S. is serious about national and global energy security. Approval of the pipeline would help ensure that North America becomes a global energy hub and a reliable energy source to the U.S and its allies." 
Congratulations to U.S. Army Veteran Heath Calhoun who won a silver medal today in the #Paralympics.    Take a look at my website for information on all the Paralympic veterans: http://bit.ly/paralympic-veterans
It's a blue, clear sky in Dorrance, Kansas, today. I enjoyed stopping to visit with folks at the Old 40 Bar & Grill, post office, City Hall and Agco Service Station. I'm on my way to Hays for my Kansas Listening Tour Stop tomorrow morning. Details are posted at moran.senate.gov.
Shout out to my son Matt and two other great Alaskan skiers, Morgan Haymans and Connor Michael, who competed in the USCSA Nationals in Lake Placid, NY this week.  Matt competed in several different events this week (quarter pipe and rail jam) but it was Skier Cross where the boys excelled.  Morgan took 2nd overall, Matt 7th and Connor 8th overall which put their school team in first place for Men’s Skier Cross.  These 3 have been skiing and racing together at Alyeska since they were little guys.  Proud of you!  http://wscumountainsports.com/wordpress/?p=1928
Thoughts and prayers for Senior Captain Jeff Bayles' friends and family.
Good news for Alaskans from the Interior to Homer to Juneau and the Mat-Su where FEMA has threatened dramatic rate hikes: Today’s Senate approval of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act means flood insurance premiums will remain stable & FEMA now has to improve the quality of its flood mapping. 
Good discussion on 21st century manufacturing jobs during my tour of GM Powertrain in Toledo.
MUST-READ: "The science, however, is clear: phone metadata is highly sensitive"  http://webpolicy.org/2014/03/12/metaphone-the-sensitivity-of-telephone-metadata/
Had a very productive meeting with the crew at TCT Telecom in Council Grove today. A great business serving a great community.
Good talk with my friend and great small town newspaper man Craig McNeal, the Editor in Chief of the Council Grove Republican.
Last year the U.S. paid its creditors $221 billion in interest on its federal debt. Under the President’s plan, according to his own numbers, annual interest costs will reach $616 billion in 2020 while defense that year will be $583 billion. Annual interest payments will rise to $812 billion in FY 2024. That equals $424 in monthly interest costs for every American worker, or more than $5,000 per worker per year.
Sen. Sessions has an op-ed in the latest issue of National Review magazine outlining a pro-worker agenda for the GOP, including more domestic energy production, a revival of American manufacturing, and turning the welfare office into a job training center. Sessions’ op-ed also proposes that we pursue an immigration policy that will allow wages to rise.    Sessions wrote:  “The last 40 years have been a period of uninterrupted large-scale immigration into the U.S., coinciding with increased joblessness, falling wages, failing schools, and a growing welfare state. Would not the sensible, conservative thing to do be to slow down for a bit, allow wages to rise and assimilation to occur, and help the millions struggling here today — immigrant and native-born alike — transition from dependency to self-sufficiency?”
One more reason to love our South Carolina peaches!
Great visit to Pittsburgh today.  My thanks to  WPXI-TV Pittsburgh for hosting me at their studio.  WPXI Stephen Cropper and I had the opportunity to talk about the winter storm that may hit PA this weekend.
Happy Pi Day PA! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://ow.ly/uBvOj. Thanks and have a great weekend!
Below is my statement on Dr. Vivek Murthy, the President’s nominee for Surgeon General:   "The Surgeon General is the most prominent government spokesperson on matters of public health and is responsible for overseeing more than 6,700 uniformed members of the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.   "President Obama’s nominee for the position, Dr. Vivek Murthy, has had a relatively short career in medicine that is rather lacking on public health issues for a position of this stature. Instead, Dr. Murthy, as the president of a partisan political organization, has been an active promoter of #ObamaCare -- a law that I believe is fundamentally wrong in its approach to improving our nation’s health care system. Dr. Murthy also has advocated for policies that would erode our important Second Amendment rights. For these reasons, I will oppose Dr. Murthy’s nomination for Surgeon General.”
"We should cast aside the conventional wisdom of the Beltway and make maximizing growth the guiding principle of tax reform."
NA
Senator Cochran and I are encouraging the U.S. Department of Commerce to uphold a fair trade decision that begins to protect U.S. catfish producers from underpriced frozen fish fillets from Vietnam.
