IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: As the Obama administration broadcast its economic report on millennials, Sen. Alexander released five facts on the reality for this generation under this administration, including an out-of-control federal debt burden, more expensive healthcare under Obamacare, lower salaries, difficulty finding a job, and uncertainty about their health care in retirement.   “What the Obama administration’s report neglects to say is that under this administration, we are watching America pass from the hands of the Greatest Generation to what will forever be known as ‘the debt-paying generation,’ with nothing to show for it but the bill. Republicans have proposals to create jobs, to save entitlement programs that Americans depend upon, and to repair the damage Obamacare has done and prevent future damage. It’s time for President Obama to show the same kind of leadership and work with Republicans on these serious issues facing young Americans today.”     Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=1a24c8da-620a-4c13-93fb-b9c08b3e41ec
This candlelight tribute is a special way for Granite Staters to honor the memory of New Hampshire's James Foley this month.  As we mark what would have been James' 41st birthday, we remember his tremendous courage and his extraordinary commitment to reporting from the world's most dangerous places.   http://www.wmur.com/news/manchester-man-organizes-candlelight-tribute-to-slain-journalist-james-foley/29074982
Today I had the opportunity to meet and talk with veterans traveling with the Greater St. Louis Honor Flight, including more than 20 who served during WWII. Grateful for their service and bravery.
NA
NA
Thanks again to Mill Manager Chris Pease for hosting my Moyie Springs town meeting at the Idaho Forest Group Mill. #idpol
NA
Cornyn, Cruz File Amicus Brief Requesting Full D.C. Circuit Review of Constitutionality of Obamacare:
An editorial (“Obama, Congress and Iran”) in today’s Wall Street Journal urges the Obama administration to embrace legislation sponsored by Senator Corker that “gives U.S. stronger leverage” in nuclear negotiations with Iran. The editorial states the Iran Nuclear Negotiations Act of 2014 sends a message to Iran “that Congress won’t sign off on a bad agreement that puts America’s interests at risk and is ready to double down on sanctions.”  Read more: http://on.wsj.com/1ERp54D
Glad to see the 5th Circuit take action to protect the integrity of our elections and keep Texas Voter ID laws on the books for the November 4th elections!
The great work being done under the auspices of the International Christian Embassy Jerusalem to combat the brutal persecution of Christians in the Middle East.
Anchors aweigh since 1775 — Happy 239th birthday to the United States Navy!
Relying on coal from the Powder River Basin, the Dave Johnston Power Plant near Glenrock was commissioned in 1958 and has been expanded and upgraded over the years. Now it employs almost 200 people. Despite hundreds of millions of dollars of recent upgrades to help control emissions, the future of the plant is in jeopardy due to new EPA regional haze pollution regulations. This Administration is clearly waging a war on coal. I have, and will continue, to fight against such destructive regulations. Thanks again to Matt Grant, Al Dugan and Anne Prettyman for their tour of the plant.
Are you interested in becoming an Iowa foster or adoptive parent?  Learn more at information sessions being held in the following Iowa communities over the next few weeks: Davenport, Dubuque, Spencer, Des Moines, Ottumwa, Webster City, Waterloo, Cedar Rapids, Ames, Sioux City, and Council Bluffs.  More information is available here: 
Sen. Grassley supports the thousands of Iowans who make a difference in the lives of foster children.  Watch the inspiring story of Ruth Buckels of Ames and her family: 
Visited GreatAmerica Financial Services in Cedar Rapids. Toured and Q&A with employees
What our armed forces need most during this time of unprecedented challenges is the assurance that they will be provided the tools they need to accomplish their mission and return home safely. The first step is eliminating defense sequestration with no strings attached by the President. We need an efficient budget that matches the demands being placed on our military. POLITICO Magazine today included my op-ed discussing the state of our defense budget as well as thoughts from several other defense industry leaders, which can be read here:  http://politi.co/ZClGWE
This week Senator Johnson visited Western Wisconsin to meet with constituents and tour local businesses.
I would like to thank John P Kolb, jr. for his service in the USMC.  #honorutahveterans
Even though I won't be live-streaming my tele-townhall tonight, you can still sign up to participate over the phone by clicking the attached link.  I am looking forward to a great discussion.
While it is good news that the preliminary test results are negative, a possible patient with Ebola in Kansas is a serious development and reiterates the need for us to heighten coordination and vigilance. I have spoken with hospital administrators who will continue to treat the isolated patient with an abundance of caution. I have also asked the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to expedite the confirmatory test to definitively rule out any possibility of Ebola. I will continue to be in touch with The University of Kansas Hospital and the CDC to monitor the situation.
Yesterday I got a first-hand tour of the US Coast Guard Cutter POLAR SEA, one of only two icebreakers in America’s fleet. The vessel has been a workhorse since 1977 and is not operational right now, being maintained and refurbished in Seattle. The US needs to step up to the plate by investing in 21st century ships, as we're about to chair the Arctic Council. We know that Russia, China and India are.  http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=37374c7d-6678-4995-a7c1-9450a3629fa6
I have no confidence in how the Obama Administration is managing the Ebola crisis, and neither do the people of Kansas. We are facing a potential national health emergency that could overwhelm our health care system, threaten the economy, and place national security at risk if not handled properly.  I call on the President to actually lead on this issue, take emergency action and protect American lives before we have an epidemic here at home.  We cannot afford to be reactive or 'lead from behind' with a deadly and easily spread threat like Ebola.
Great speaking with aspiring teachers at the College of Charleston Call Me Mister Summit this past weekend!
Lincoln University in Oxford, PA has a chance to compete in the Honda Battle of the Bands! Learn more about their program and vote for them. Looking forward to seeing them compete in January! #HBOB #LincolnUniversityofPA
Working together, I am confident we can end Alzheimer’s. Read why this issue is personal for me. #EndALZ
Happy Birthday U.S. Navy.  Fair winds and following seas.
New Congressional Budget Office projections indicate that  #Obamacare will raise deficits by $131 billion.
