Yesterday I visited Carthage and talked about ways we can grow jobs at home in Missouri by encouraging international tourism to the U.S.
In addition to Iranian sanctions, the US needs to confront terrorist organizations like #ISIS, strengthen our partnership with #Israel and other allies around the world and stop Putin's infringement against #Russia's democratic neighbors.   Take a look at this #YearInReview video and check out the full 2014 keeping American's safe report on my website: http://kirk.senate.gov/2014inreview/foreignpolicy
In addition to the threat of #terrorists, I believe a nuclear #Iran is the greatest threat to future generations. I don't want to see our children live in fear of a nuclear attack from Iran.  Take a look at my #YearInReview with 14 of the ways we worked to keep Americans safe from Iran and other threats during 2014:
There’s only one interest group that really matters to me: the people of #Illinois. Take a look at this #YearInReview video and check out the full 2014 reaching across the aisle report on my website: http://kirk.senate.gov/2014inreview/bipartisan
On Monday afternoon I also visited Hodgeman County where about 25 residents came the King Center in Jetmore for my town hall meeting. Topics included folks’ hopes that the new Congress will tackle tax reform, the lesser prairie chicken, overreach by the EPA, executive orders and rural healthcare. It was good to see everyone who took the time to visit with me, including State Rep. John Ewy, Hodgeman County Commissioner Marsha Ewy, and Harmon Bliss, Kansas State Fair Board Member. Thanks again to Former State Senator Larry Salmans for the kind introduction, and thanks to City Clerk Deb McKivergan for helping organize the town hall.
A new national study found that nearly 41 percent of Kansas teenagers volunteered between 2011 and 2013, the highest rate in the country. We truly live a special way of life in Kansas and teach our children that there is good in every person - that satisfaction in life comes from what you do for others rather than what you do for yourself. Congratulations to Kansas youth on a job well done.
In 2014, my casework team worked on over 2,900 new cases for Ohioans who came to our office in need of aid. I am proud of our team, and wanted to share a few examples of the work we were able to do just this year:
Found out I need to work on my air hockey game at the Jackson Teen Center today! Awesome time with the kids this afternoon.
2014 in Review: Holding the Administration accountable--view some highlights from 2014 here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/2014-review-holding-administration-accountable#overlay-context=blog/2014-review-preserving-40-hour-workweek
Enjoyed talking with the good people of Dillon this morning! #46counties
Great seeing everyone in Mullins this morning! #46counties
