NA
Sen. Alexander, senior Republican on the education committee, today called on Senate Democrats to support a proposal to lower student loan rates for all student borrowers, rather than the Democratic proposal scheduled for a vote tomorrow that will lower rates only on subsidized Stafford loans for a year. Of the Democrat’s proposal, Alexander said: “All it does is provide an opportunity to make a well-rehearsed political speech about student loans. We all want to encourage students to go to college. We're looking for a way to give them some predictability and some certainty so that a student doesn't have to worry when they graduate from high school in Tennessee, where I went, that Congress isn't going to get its job done and all they're going to do is stand up and make political speeches that have nothing to do with the issue.” Of the student loans solution he cosponsored, the “Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act,” Alexander said: “What our proposal would do is provide a long-term solution: if you are an undergraduate student at the University of Tennessee, instead of your rate being 6.8 percent, it would be 3.66 percent. The Democratic proposal, I repeat, does nothing for [more than 7] million middle-income students who are going to be paying 6.8 percent when they should be paying, if they're undergraduates, 3.66 percent under our proposal. That's half as much.” http://1.usa.gov/12WaZg4
At this morning’s Tennessee Tuesday, Sen. Alexander met with students from East Tennessee participating in the University of Tennessee-Knoxville Upward Bound program, which is dedicated to helping low-income students and  potential first-generation college students attend and succeed in college.
NA
I spoke on the Senate floor today about the need for a permanent delay of Obamacare for everyone.
Senator Harry Reid says he "isn't looking for a compromise." Those are harsh words for the 60% of undergrads whose rates will double under the Senate Democrats' plan.  Our bi-partisan solution lowers rates for all. #StudentLoans #DontDoubleMyRates
I'm looking forward to joining Gregg Jarrett on Foxnews' America's Newsroom at 10:20 am (ET) 8:20 am (MT) to talk about the #Obamacare mandate delay.
http://www.shelbynews.com/articles/2013/07/09/news/doc51db1fc63857a254188339.txt
Yesterday, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that Idaho will be a participant in the USDA Greek Yogurt Pilot Program that I and others in Idaho have been advocating to create.  I commend the USDA for choosing to implement this pilot program in Idaho schools.  Greek yogurt is one of the country’s fastest growing industries, and I hope USDA will continue the important process of making this healthy food option increasingly available to young Americans.  Idaho, already a leading producer of milk and other yogurt-related ingredients, recently became home to the world’s largest Greek yogurt manufacturing plant in Twin Falls, which I recently had the opportunity to tour.  Our state is ideal to serve as a part of this pilot project.
The administration recently announced it is postponing the implementation of the employer mandate, a key provision in Obamacare that requires employers with 50 or more employees to provide health coverage to their workers. This delay demonstrates that the White House is finally beginning to acknowledge how flawed and problematic this law will be. The White House should not stop with just a delay of the employer mandate, but should continue with an exemption for individuals and families from the costly individual mandate.
New FBI director nominee Comey now testifying before Senate Judiciary Committee
Former U.S. Senator John Sununu (R-N.H.) wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe today praising efforts led by Senators Corker and Warner to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns.  Sununu said the Corker-Warner plan “is bipartisan, substantive, and bold…” and noted “[T]he most organized opposition will come from defenders of the status quo.”  Read the entire op-ed here: http://1.usa.gov/12AKGJ2
Senator Corker will be on CNBC’s Squawk Box tomorrow (Tuesday) at 8 a.m. ET to discuss why now is the time for GSE Reform.  Last month, Corker, Warner and a bipartisan group of senators introduced legislation to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/16xFhFQ
The Texas House of Representatives is debating HB 2 today. 
 
 SHARE to make your voice heard and take a Stand for Life!
NA
Not surprised to see Nebraska rise to the top 5 in CNBC's America's Top States for Business, citing our state’s “Business Friendliness” and strong focus on tax reform that have produced a thriving state economy.
Grassley Welcomes IRS Statement on Union, Senior Employee Bonuses
#Iran continues to violate its citizens' #HumanRights http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=general&id=79 political prisoner Siamak Mehr should be freed immediately. If you agree share this and comment below.
McConnell: ‘Look: to justify doing something as extreme as the Left wants, you’d better be prepared to make a rock-solid case. And this is the best they can come up with? That we need to change the rules of the Senate because Big Labor bosses say so? That the Left should be allowed to fundamentally change our democracy because the President is only getting nearly everything he wants rather than everything he wants at the exact moment he wants it? Let’s get real here. That’s not how a democracy functions.’ Watch full speech below:
Sen. McConnell calls for "a permanent delay for everyone." #Obamacare #Kentucky
McConnell speaking now on Democrats proposing to break rules to change rules of Senate at request of Big Labor. LIVE: http://cs.pn/i1Erdp
While the Administration finally admitted last week that the employer mandate is unworkable in 2014, it now must recognize that the real problem continues to be the entire Affordable Care Act. Implementation has not lowered costs or increased access as promised, and if businesses are getting relief from Democrats’ costly, defective law, why aren’t all Americans?  Individuals and families still face rising health insurance costs, burdensome mandates, and uncertainty because of this flawed law. As Senate Appropriations Committee Ranking Member for the Subcommittee on Labor and Health and Human Services, I’m offering an amendment to the Labor-HHS-Ed Approps Bill on Thursday to delay the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate for Fiscal Year 2014. The amendment is a step in the right direction to dismantling and permanently delaying the Affordable Care Act.
The community of Galena is still on the long road to recovering from the devastating Spring flooding.  In Fairbanks today, more than 70 of the displaced residents met with FEMA workers and state responders to get the latest on the clean up progress and flood relief.  I and my staff stand ready to help in any way we can.
Eight stars of gold on a field of blue… Happy Alaska Flag Day!
I am pleased to announce that my second group of summer interns are now hard at work in my D.C. office.  Mitchell Forbes of Bethel, Rachell Gulanes of Dutch Harbor, Emelia Van Wyhe of Copper Center, Kenzie Bjerken of Palmer, Thaddues Isaacs of Klawock, Maggie Graham of Homer, Connor Hula of Eagle River, Kelsey Cunningham of Hope, John Gutsch and Madeline Moore of Anchorage will be helping with mail, talking to constituents and assisting with projects.  I know that they have studied about the legislative process in class, and my staff and I look forward to watching them learn it better by working in the thick of it.  Welcome guys!
During my Constituent Work Week, I spent some time with wounded warriors at Lake Clark with Operation Heal Our Patriots.  It’s a chance for veterans and their spouses to travel to Alaska for a week-long retreat that provides some much deserved rest and relaxation.  An amazing program and an amazing group of people!
America’s college students are facing a double whammy of rising college costs and a challenging economy.  They deserve certainty and the lowest student loan rates possible.  The bipartisan bill I am co-sponsoring borrows from the President’s plan and the House of Representatives’ bill to provide them certainty for this major investment in their future.
Since my first letter has still been left unanswered, I issued more correspondence to FBI Director Mueller today seeking answers on domestic drone use.   Click here to read my letters: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=885
By denying that a military coup took place in Egypt, President Obama is flouting the law and outright saying that he is above the law. This is an ongoing problem with our president.   Watch, like and share if you agree: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jcv35F40VTA
Enjoyed talking with students from Bennington, Tescott and Little River High Schools in the Hart Atrium today.
Congratulations to Kansas Division of Emergency Management, MG Lee Tafanelli, the highly regarded Deputy Director, Angee Morgan and all their able colleagues for receiving a high honor.  KDEM has successfully completed a year-long effort to be fully accredited by the Emergency Management Accreditation Program. This is a standard of excellence very few achieve on the first try.  http://cjonline.com/news/2013-07-08/brownback-touts-emergency-prep-achievement
I'll be joining Common Cents with Josh Kimbrell on 660AM/92.9FM in Greenville at 530p today. Make sure to tune in! #southcarolina
We're honoring South Carolina's Korean War Era Veterans at the end of this month in Spartanburg and North Charleston. Visit http://scott.senate.gov/veterans for more information and to sign up!
Awful: FirstEnergy is shuttering its coal-fired plants in Fayette and Washington counties. President Obama's 'War on Coal' has cost Pennsylvania 380 jobs today.
My regional manager for Southwest PA, Katelyn King, spoke to the Northmont Brotherhood Club in North Hills, Pittsburgh. The club meets weekly to discuss issues of the day. Katelyn (left) is pictured here with club member James Bodfish and one of the interns in my Pittsburgh office, Samantha Petraglia.
In the summer of 1787, New York native John Fitch conducted the first successful trial run of his steamboat "Perseverance" on the Delaware River in Philadelphia in the presence of delegates from the Constitutional Convention. This was 20 years before Lancaster native Robert Fulton would launch the first commercially successful steamboat on the Hudson River. Both of these innovative Pennsylvanians are depicted in frescoes painted by Constantino Brumidi in the Senate side of the United States Capitol. If you're visiting DC this summer, be sure to contact my office for a tour!
Today, I called on the Obama Administration to step up its efforts to support Syrian opposition to the Assad regime and put an end to the 29-month-long crisis that has seen more than 100,000 people killed and 1.7 million people displaced from their homes.  Watch my speech to Senate by clicking on the video below.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Wicker is speaking about the situation in Syria on the Senate floor.   Watch the speech LIVE by clicking the link below.
Today, Senator Wicker appeared on C-SPAN’s “Washington Journal” with Greta Brawner to discuss the day's top headlines including recent events in Egypt, immigration reform, and the Obama Administration’s delay in implementing the President’s health-care law.  Watch the interview by clicking the link below.
