ICYMI: In The Hill article, “Alexander vows to fight Obama’s policies that are ‘hurting’ US workers,” Ramsey Cox writes: “Alexander vowed to continue to fight the healthcare law, also known as the Affordable Care Act. ‘I am committed to finding a better way by creating an environment in which we can grow the largest number of good new jobs by reducing costs and regulations on businesses, repealing the job-destroying health care law, and encouraging employers to expand their businesses in America, instead of punishing them with policies that satisfy big labor bosses and destroy jobs,’ Alexander said.” Follow this link for the full article, and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree Obama’s policies are “hurting American workers.” http://1.usa.gov/1dlLZ5q
With media reports indicating that Washington Navy Yard gunman Aaron Alexis had a troubled past – including several incidents that came to the attention of law enforcement – Senator Ayotte said senators need to fully understand contracting hiring practices at military installations to ensure that federal contractors are qualified, fit to serve, and don’t pose a danger to the workforce, or our national security.
Senator Ayotte was honored this week by the National Council for Behavioral Health for her efforts to strengthen the nation's mental health system.  Jay Couture, Executive Director of the Seacoast Mental Health Center, and Roland Lamy, Jr., Executive Director of the NH Community Behavioral Health Association, presented Senator Ayotte with the 2013 Legislator of the Year Award, citing her work in support of the Mental Health First Aid Act - bipartisan legislation she introduced in January with Senator Mark Begich (D-AK) that would promote mental health first aid training in communities throughout the country. http://1.usa.gov/15AP0NJ
On #ConstitutionDay we reaffirm the founding principles enshrined in our Constitution, which was signed 226 years ago today.
Senator Ayotte released this statement on Monday regarding the tragic events at the Navy Yard in Washington, D.C.:  "I'm deeply saddened by the tragedy today at the Naval Sea Systems Command Headquarters in Washington, where many members of our military, as well as Department of Defense civilians, work. My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected - especially the victims and their families, and our first responders on the scene. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Homeland Security Committee, I am monitoring developments and will closely follow the investigation as it unfolds."
Take a moment to watch the latest web video from Senate Republicans highlighting ObamaCare’s broken promises.
Click below to read the Congressional Budget Office’s new debt projections.
Today, in honor of Constitution Day, I encourage everyone to take some time to read through the document that was so painstakingly crafted by our Founding Fathers.
NA
Today I  had a productive meeting with Campaign to Fix the Debt. We discussed current and future implications of our unsustainable federal debt which has climbed to $16.7 trillion.
Marsha and I ask all Hoosiers to join us in sending our thoughts and prayers to the victims and family members of Monday’s horrific shooting at the Washington Navy Yard. I am deeply thankful for the work of the first responders and police who run directly into danger to protect others.
I am joining Senator Richard Blumenthal to discuss the effectiveness of sanctions against Iran at 10:00 a.m. EDT today at an event hosted by the Bipartisan Policy Center in the U.S. Capitol building. You can watch the event live http://goo.gl/XYizAB
News Release: Today, the Idaho Congressional Delegation extended an invite to the Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark A. Welsh, III, to visit the Idaho Military Installations at Gowen Field and Mountain Home Air Force Base.  The service of our Airmen is supported and enhanced by the capabilities of the installations at which they serve.  Idaho’s military installations are a valued resource for the state and our nation.  It has been more than 30 years since an active Chief of Staff of the Air Force visited the installations in Idaho.  Senator Jim Risch, Congressmen Mike Simpson and Raul Labrador and I look forward to changing that when General Welsh accepts our invitation.
Today, we celebrate the U.S. Constitution—226 years ago, this document became the foundation for our freedoms.  On Constitution Day, I encourage you to click the link below and take time to read one of our most treasured founding documents.
Sen. Cornyn Sponsors Resolutions Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month, National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week:
Offering my sympathies to victims of Navy Yard tragedy and their families on Senate floor shortly.
NA
Cornyn Demands DOJ Investigation Into Contracts With Russian Firm Arming Assad:
Cornyn Statement on Constitution Day:
"The report makes for chilling reading. The findings are beyond doubt and beyond the pale. This is a war crime."  BAN KI-MOON, secretary general of the United Nations, on confirmation of the chemical weapons attack in Syria.
FACT: Obamacare exchange enrollment begins in less than two weeks, but 70% of Americans STILL don't understand the law. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Earlier today I joined Gov. Huckabee on his radio show and talked about my efforts with Sen. Vitter to prevent President Obama from exempting Congress from Obamacare. The president talks about how great the health care law will be for everyone, but it's apparently not good enough for him, the vice president, or his political appointees. I've been fighting this awful law since day one and will continue my efforts to repeal, defund, and dismantle it.
It was 226 years ago today we adopted our Constitution. It’s a magnificent document that has enabled America to be a magnificent country. The Constitution is a document that limits the power of government. Many have forgotten that, but I haven’t and the people of Wyoming haven’t. Please take the time to remind others at every opportunity. Long live the Constitution.
I appreciate Governor Heineman stopping by my DC office today to catch up and discuss important Nebraska issues.
Today we reflect on our Constitution as an enduring guide to representative and limited government. For 226 years, it has served as an example and reminder of America’s commitment to freedom and opportunity. On Constitution Day, we recommit ourselves to upholding and defending this cornerstone of our country.
Ran 6+mi. from my house to Senate this AM.  Seeing USCapitol is ideal way to celebrate the Constitution’s birthday. GR8 way 2 start morning.
Interested in 9thCircuitAppeals Cases ?follow the court on @NevadaAppellate This circuit is continuously overturned by Supremes
Those who wrote #Obamacare should be beholden to it.
Happy Constitution Day to my fellow Nevadans! 
 
 Today, 226 years ago, our Founding Fathers signed the U.S. Constitution and put in place principles to strengthen our freedom and democracy through a system of limited government. Reflecting on the core of our American values is more important now than ever, which is why I was proud to cosponsor legislation that requires Congress to outline specifically how the Constitution allows for any legislation passed by this body. On this anniversary, I stand with Nevadans across the political spectrum united behind the ideals outlined in our Constitution.
 
 http://1.usa.gov/1gtAWH9
This morning Majority Leader Harry Reid spoke on the Senate floor saying lawmakers shouldn't be wasting their time fighting over Obamacare when we should instead be facing the "reality" of climate change. While pointing to recent devastating natural disasters, Reid failed to mention recent reports that are testing the "global warming" theory such as the Arctic ice cap growing by 60 percent in the past year or that trees are growing faster and using less water with higher atmospheric concentrations of CO2.    Climate change is always a diversion tactic for the liberals from what's really at hand – and that's their failed health care law. Since ObamaCare was enacted, health insurance rates in Oklahoma have risen by up to 100 percent, and Americans are losing the health care coverage the President promised they could keep. Even the AFL-CIO has recently come out calling Obamacare "highly disruptive." Whether it's climate change or health care, it all encompasses the President's overregulation agenda that is stifling the economy and hurting the middle class. As your Senator in Washington, I am committed to fighting against this agenda and it starts with repealing ObamaCare.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the families of those injured or killed in yesterday's heinous attack at the Washington D.C. Navy Yard.  I am thankful for the first responders and their heroism.
I was honored to speak to the Jewish Federations of North America about preventing a nuclear Iran and standing with our ally Israel.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=863
We the people… do ordain & establish this Constitution for the United States of America. Happy #ConstitutionDay!
Today, I announced a tax reform plan that replaces today’s complex tax system with a new, simple structure that provides solutions for America’s ongoing opportunity crisis.  The “Family Fairness and Opportunity Tax Reform Act” incentivizes social mobility, promotes middle-class economic security, and improves opportunity for all Americans.  I delivered the following speech at the American Enterprise Institute today to introduce this plan.
I have been working with Senator Leahy to craft legislation to address abusive practices in the American patent system. Our legislation will increase the transparency of patent ownership, protect the customer of a patented product when the manufacturer should really be the defendant and improve the process for reviewing patents at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We are coordinating closely with other members of the Senate Judiciary Committee from both sides of the aisle and with Bob Goodlatte, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee.  I will keep you updated on the progress of this common-sense, bipartisan legislation.
On Constitution Day, we reflect on just how fortunate we are to live in a nation that, unlike any other, was founded on an idea.
Congrats to American Airlines on their new Airbus A319 passenger jets, which stopped in Kansas at Wichita Mid-Continent Airport for their first flight yesterday. The fleet’s landing in Wichita was an opportunity for the Airbus Americas Engineering employees who helped design the A319’s wings to see their work in action and greet passengers as they exited the modern aircraft. In Wichita, Airbus employs more than 400 under John O’Leary’s leadership, and they should be applauded for their efforts on these state-of-the-art passenger jets.
Today is the 226th anniversary of our nation’s Constitution, providing the frame for limited government of, for, and by the people. Beginning with the Bill of Rights that were subsequently adopted, the Constitution has been amended over the past two and a half centuries to protect and expand our rights. The freedoms granted by the Constitution are to be cherished and defended by we the people of the United States. On this Constitution Day, I encourage everyone to take time to study the Constitution, discuss it with friends and family, and remain engaged in the world’s oldest democratic experiment that was initiated by the genius of our Founding Fathers.
A few weeks ago, Robba and I attended the 12th Annual Treads & Threads gala benefiting patients at the University of Kansas Cancer Center (KUCC). I was pleased to hear this week that this year's event raised a record-setting $1.35 million to support personalized care for KUCC patients – a tailored cancer treatment plan for patients based on their unique genetic identity and the genetic identity of their cancer. Congrats to event chairs Terry and Peggy Dunn and honorary chairs Kent Sunderland and Charlie Sunderland on your successful event that will make a real difference for cancer patients and their families.
Tonight, the White House announced that former Army Capt. Will Swenson will finally receive the Medal of Honor. On Sept. 8, 2009, in Ganjgal, Afghanistan, Will saved numerous lives after his team was ambushed by insurgents in an attack killing and wounding a number of U.S. servicemen and Afghan soldiers. At the time of his selfless acts, Will was deployed from Fort Riley and wore the 1st ID badge as a member of a Military Transition Team working with Afghan soldiers. Much time has passed, but I’m happy to see that Will’s nomination has finally received Presidential attention and is getting the recognition he deserves. He will be the sixth living service member to receive the nation’s top valor award for actions in Iraq or Afghanistan.
Today we celebrate the 226th anniversary of the Constitution. Let’s honor it by returning to the limited government our Founders established.
It's time to give the economy a break from ObamaCare by permanently delaying the law for ALL Americans.    Watch, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q05rFpeX6fA&feature=youtu.be
Kentuckians are deeply frustrated and they have a right to be. Coal miners are worried about providing for their families, while all families are worried about a future devoid of abundant, affordable and reliable energy. If President Obama attempts to kill coal jobs with new regulations, I will organize resistance in the Senate through the Congressional Review Act to stop him.  Click here to read my entire statement: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=963
Blessed to be living in a country where values that make us exceptional are enshrined in Constitution. 226 yrs & counting #ConsitutionDay
226 years ago, the Constitution of the United States was written to protect our freedom and liberties as Americans. The Constitution of the United States was the first constitution of its kind, and has influenced the constitutions of many other nations. I have taken an oath as your U.S. Senator and will continue to fight for the oldest governing document we hold true. #ConstitutionDay
 
 http://www.archives.gov/exhibits/charters/constitution.html
Thank you to William Swenson for your courage and service. Former Army Capt. Swenson was attached to the Military Transition Team (MITT) from Fort Riley, Kansas as an Embedded Trainer and Mentor of the Afghan National Security Forces. He is to receive the Medal of Honor next month.
Flags are at half-staff on a beautiful, yet terribly sad, morning in our Nation's capital. We are all reflecting on the tragic events at the Navy Yard, and praying for the the families and friends of those who lost their lives or were injured in this horrific tragedy.
ICYMI: Rubio: Defund Obamacare Before It's Too Late  Rubio: “Short-term budgets are a terrible way to run a government, but if we can pass one that defunds ObamaCare, we will be doing America’s workers and job creators a huge service that will be worth it. From the imperfect CR process, defunding ObamaCare would produce a clear-cut victory for American workers and families. Settling for anything less would be devastating to them.”
This past week, I cosponsored S.R. 225, a resolution that would create a joint select committee in Congress to fully investigate the tragic events that happened in Benghazi, Libya on September 11, 2012, and finally report back to the American people with answers.
September is World Alzheimer's Awareness month. In Pennsylvania, as many as 400,000 are likely afflicted. Let's end the stigma. #ENDALZ
Courtesy of Philly's National Constitution Center, here's a great little quiz to help you learn about some legendary historical figures – our founders. Enjoy and Happy Constitution Day! Post your results in the comments.
Onerous #ObamaCare mandates force employers to slash hours for workers and limit full-time job opportunities. I urge repeal:
September 17, 1862: The Battle of Antietam, the bloodiest single day in American history. Five days later, President Lincoln issues the Emancipation Proclamation.
Today is Constitution Day.   Our founders were brilliant to craft our system of limited government.  http://founders.archives.gov/
On this date 226 years ago, a group of brave and pioneering individuals signed their names to the U.S. Constitution and changed the course of history. Over the years, we have set aside September 17 in observance of Constitution Day to note the extraordinary nature of this document.         In honoring Constitution Day, we celebrate one of the greatest moments in American history, and we ensure that the many “Blessings of Liberty” are not forgotten by this generation and those to come.
