On the agreement reached for the White House to send two new nominees to the National Labor Relations Board – instead of two a court has ruled unconstitutional – Alexander said: “This is the suggestion I offered in the HELP committee in May, that the president send us two new members to replace those that he had unconstitutionally appointed when he used his recess authority while the Senate was not in recess. This agreement allows the Senate to make clear that this president, or any president, cannot thumb his nose at the Senate’s constitutional role in our system of checks and balances.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with the statement Alexander made during that May HELP Committee hearing: “By recess-appointing NLRB members at a time when the Senate was actually in session, the president has shown a troubling disrespect for the Constitution.” http://1.usa.gov/12HKwhV
NA
NA
Sen. Alexander said, “I grew up hiking the mountains of East Tennessee, and conserving these areas gives future generations of Tennesseans the same sort of opportunity.” In all, The Tennessee Wilderness Act of 2013 adds nearly 20,000 acres in six areas of the Cherokee National Forest— while having no effect on privately owned land. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you enjoy Tennessee’s great outdoors and want to see the state’s heritage preserved.
Roy Pearson from Springfield asked if ObamaCare will be repealed or delayed. Here’s why I believe we need to stop President Obama’s government takeover.
Thanks for all of your questions last week on ObamaCare. Here is my first response for James Hunter who asked, “Will the individual mandate be suspended like the employer mandate?”
What is the Department of Education's involvement in implementing the President's health care law?
Poultry is an important part of our agriculture sector. Today we talked with members of the National Turkey Federation at the organization's 2013 Leadership Conference.
NA
Met with the winner of Idaho’s Tar Wars Poster Contest. Molly is from Genesee and showed me her great poster. #idpol
This evening, the U.S. Senate confirmed Richard Cordray to be the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB).  I voted against Mr. Cordray's nomination.  As the Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, I will continue to work towards oversight of the CFPB to ensure accountability and transparency for the American people.
Last week, Banking Committee Chairman Senator Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota) and I announced that we had reached a bipartisan plan on reforming the Federal Housing Administration (FHA).  Now, we are unveiling our plan known as the Federal Housing Administration Solvency Act of 2013, a bill that contains effective reforms that put FHA on a path toward improving its unsustainable financial condition.  Many of these reforms include priorities from our colleagues on the Committee, and I am eager to work with them to return the FHA to a strong, self-sustaining insurance program that can remain a viable option for future homeowners.  The Crapo-Johnson bill will give the Federal Housing Administration tools to improve its financial condition, including strengthened underwriting standards, enhanced lender accountability measures, and reforms to the FHA’s reverse mortgage program.  You can read more about our plan by clicking the link below.
Tonight, in a rare meeting in the Old Senate Chamber, Democrats and Republicans came together to discuss finding a way to avert the use of the 'nuclear option' in the U.S. Senate. It was a productive and frank discussion and I hope a deal can still be reached to avoid changing Senate rules by breaking the rules. #idpol #NuclearOption
Chron: Cornyn Accuses IRS of 'Serious Breach of Faith' Over Targeting of Conservatives
Cornyn: Obama's 'Faceless, Nameless Bureaucracy' Ignoring Laws:
Cornyn Marks Signing Of S.B. 24:
Cornyn: IRS Targeting Creates Culture of Mistrust:
Senator Corker met with over 75 Tennesseans at this morning’s constituent breakfast on Capitol Hill. The breakfast, Tennessee Tuesday, is held each week the Senate is in session. Here, Senator Corker is pictured with Boy Scouts of America Venture Crew 284 from Smyrna. Learn more about Tennessee Tuesday here: 1.usa.gov/14qbW20.
It is utterly and completely indefensible that the Gang of Eight Bill and Obamacare penalize businesses that hire a citizen or a legal permanent resident over an illegal immigrant.
Should any one person have as much power as Richard Cordray? The Senate voted today to move forward on his confirmation as Director of the Consumer Protection Bureau. He will control an annual budget of as much as $600 million with zero accountability. He can use that money to access your personal financial records and you don’t have the option of saying no. I voted against Mr. Cordray’s confirmation and the Dodd-Frank law that created this new, massive and powerful branch of the federal government. Big Brother is here. Dodd-Frank invited him into your lives.
In a recent interview with Politico, U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan stated the Department of Education would be assisting in efforts to promote ObamaCare.  I have great concerns about these efforts and the use of taxpayer dollars for purposes outside the agency’s mission of educating our nation’s students. Today, I joined with several of my Republican colleagues to write Secretary Duncan to question his comments and the Department of Education’s role in the implementation of Obamacare.
Grassley works to reform military justice system for cases involving sexual violence
Inappropriate Access or Disclosure of Politically Connected Tax Records
Senator Harry Reid can spend $12 million to defeat me, but I draw the line when he goes after USC Trojan football. #FightOn
“The Vantage Pipeline is another major piece of infrastructure that will help us build our North American energy security partnership with our closest friend and ally Canada. The project illustrates clearly how modern pipelines can create jobs, make us more energy secure, and do so with good environmental stewardship. It will enable us to reduce flaring in North Dakota and also reduce emissions where the natural gas is used by industry.”
Study Finds #Obamacare Could Push Nearly 1 Million Americans From Work to Welfare - http://bit.ly/1aMw0zD
Early this morning a freight train collision and derailment took place in Hays, Kansas, but thankfully no one was injured. My gratitude goes out to the firefighters and emergency personnel who battled the blaze and kept Kansans safe, as well as the American Red Cross volunteers who assisted the residents who were affected.
The streets of Topeka Regional Airport (formerly Forbes Field) will soon be easier to navigate thanks to renaming streets and assigning addresses to individual airport buildings. The streets will be named as a tribute to renowned Kansas aviators: Maj. Daniel Forbes, Merrill Ross, Lt. Gen. Frank Petersen Jr., Capt. Ronald Evans, Maj. Gen. Joe Engle, Alvin Johnston, Lt. Everett E. Fager, Mildred “Micky” Axton, Gen. Robert Cardenas, Col. James Jabara, Capt. Edward J. Dwight Jr., Lt. Erwin Bleckley and Amelia Earhart. Kansas has a long and remarkable history of supporting the world’s aviation industry, and honoring these individuals helps to keep that tradition alive.
Today, as a member of the U.S. Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security, I voted in favor of the Homeland Security Fiscal Year 2014 Appropriations Bill, which was approved. It includes $404 million for construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF), an amount equal to House approved appropriations language and a critical step forward for this project.  It’s encouraging that both the House and Senate committed to funding levels that make certain construction of the main laboratory begins in tandem with the Central Utility Plant which is already underway. NBAF is critical to our national security in protecting our agriculture, economy and citizens from biological and zoonotic threats, and I look forward to its passage in full Senate Appropriations Committee on Thursday.
The F-16 squadron moving from Fairbanks to Anchorage would have harmful effects on both communities.  We already know that it would damage the Fairbanks economy, but according to Daniel Delfino at Alaska Housing Finance Corporation, it could toss the Anchorage real estate market completely out of sync with the most harmful impacts on lower class, handicapped, homeless and those already struggling.
Proud of advancing a lot of Alaska’s priorities this morning in an appropriations subcommittee.  Relief after last year’s fishery disaster, smarter policies for our fishing fleet when it comes to electronic monitoring, fighting tsunami debris and better informed policy for our Aleutian fisheries:
Aviation is huge in our state, and yesterday, as the Aviation Heritage Museum celebrated a Centennial of Flight in Alaska,  I had the distinct honor of awarding Lew Erhart Sr. the Lifetime Achievement Recognition for his contributions to Alaska’s aviation industry.  I am so blessed to be able to travel all around Alaska and meet some truly amazing people like Lew and his son.
Congrats to "Tiz" Guagenti of Lima on receiving the Catherine McAuley Lifetime Achievement Award for volunteerism. Your example inspires us all.
After the IRS scandal, who could oppose an Inspector General at an agency with little accountability like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau?
In case you missed it, I appeared on Fox's Your World with guest host Eric Bolling this afternoon to discuss foreign aid and more.  Click here to watch, like and share:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHFEdTXZQdw
Earlier today, I met with the Suttor family from Shelbyville, KY.  It is always a pleasure to meet with constituents in Washington, D.C.
This morning, I joined Sens. Gillibrand, Cruz, Grassley, Boxer, Hirono and Blumenthal at a press conference regarding the military sexual assault bill.  Click here to listen to my statement: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xfhalqa5GEY
Another step forward for NBAF in Manhattan, Kansas. Jerry Moran, Governor Sam Brownback and I worked hard to ensure $404 million for NBAF construction was included in an appropriations bill just approved out of an Appropriations Subcommittee today. Next steps: full committee approval later this week.
Today I cosponsored legislation introduced by Senator Ted Cruz prohibiting the funding of #Obamacare. We need a #PermanentDelay .
I sat down with WYFF to talk about our Korean War veterans honor ceremonies. Look forward to honoring these brave veterans who fought for our nation at events in Spartanburg and North Charleston on July 27.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mgs9qobeHog
With 3,000 Purple Hearts, the 65th Infantry Regiment was the only fully-segregated Hispanic unit. A valiant force in three major wars, the unit has a proud legacy of battling America’s enemies abroad while at home segregation unfortunately remained a part of American society. I'm proud to cosponsor legislation to award them the Congressional Gold Medal. Thanks to the  Borinqueneers Congressional Gold Medal Alliance for working to get them the acknowledgement they deserve.
I believe last night’s meeting was an instrumental step in pulling us back from the brink. By speaking directly to one another, and not past each other, we have saved the right to free and open debate, which is an essential tool in building consensus. I am hopeful this compromise will enable us to get past partisan gridlock and back to doing the work of the American people.  For the past several years, Democrats and Republicans have not been able to come together on the great issues of our day. It is time for us to look past the next election and look instead to the next generation.
NA
