The markets aren't buying POTUS's chicken little talk.
ICYMI: Corker Applauds Hankook Tire Company Multi-Million Dollar Investment in Clarksville http://1.usa.gov/H04hhf
Senator Corker said on Fox News' "America's Newsroom" today that it was “a major distraction” that Democrats would try to bust the budget caps as part of debt & budget discussions.  Corker further noted, "The reason you have these forcing moments is to reduce spending, to put in place spending reforms that make our nation stronger."
TUNE IN THIS MORNING: Sen. Corker will join NBC’s TODAY Show at 7 a.m. ET, MSNBC’s Morning Joe at 7:10 a.m. ET, CNBC’s Squawk Box at 8:10 a.m. ET and FOX News’ America’s Newsroom at 9:05 a.m. ET to discuss budget and debt discussions in Washington.
TOMORROW: Sen. Corker will join NBC’s TODAY Show at 7 a.m. ET, MSNBC’s Morning Joe at 7:10 a.m. ET, CNBC’s Squawk Box at 8:10 a.m. ET and FOX News’ America’s Newsroom at 9:05 a.m. ET to discuss budget and debt discussions in Washington.
#ObamaScare: It's coming…
If Americans really wanted Obamacare, you wouldn’t need a law to make them buy it. #ObamacareIsNotAniPhone
Apple creates jobs. Obamacare kills jobs. #ObamacareIsNotAniPhone
I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about my visit to the White House, why all-inclusive spending bills are bad, and how preventing amendments denies our ability to represent our constituents.
Members of Congress and their staffs should not be exempted from Obamacare. And I’m going to insist that if the Senate wants to move forward on any deal we have to overturn the Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) ruling on congressional employees or at the least, force senators to vote on it in the coming days.
Watch pat Roberts on Greta FOX now
News of Senate negotiators compromising on budget control act and sequestration w Dems disconcerting YeGods we hv 17T$ deficits Thnk:grankid
Normally I don't give tours of Cap but I was able to help Loebsack & Latham go to Sen & House chambers for St Alberts HS. Council Bluffs
Shutdown has now become Constitutional issue not fiscal or default Obsma/Reid want usurp House Constitutional role initiating money bills
Happy birthday to the US Navy! Thank you for 238 years of exemplary service and heroic sacrific. http://www.history.navy.mil/birthday.htm
Appeasement won't reduce the peril of a nuclear #Iran.  
 
 Read my op-ed today in The Telegraph:
 
 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iran/10376354/Appeasement-wont-reduce-the-peril-of-a-nuclear-Iran.html
Kelley, Robert and I after church yesterday in our own pumpkin patch.
The number one problem our country faces is our debt.  We must do something to reign in spending. Hear more from yesterday's interview with Candy Crowley on CNN's State of the Union: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1yjBpPPTA0
Join me tonight on Fox News at 6pm CDT as I talk with Greta Van Susteren about the failed launch of Obamacare.
Former White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs calls Obamacare roll out "excruciatingly embarrassing for the White House and for the Department of Health and Human Services."  He also says, "I hope they fire some people that were in charge of making sure this thing was supposed to work."    I agree, and it goes all the way to the top.  Secretary Sebelius should resign.  Click like if you agree!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81dsgx1Yz6k
It really was an honor to speak at the rally of veterans at the World War II Memorial yesterday.  Thousands of veterans and their families are protesting the closure of the open air monuments during the government shutdown.  Harry Reid is stopping the vote to open these monuments and parks across the country.    They deserve a vote. Like and share if you agree.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCHDVGC0X5k
Wicker Report | Earlier this month, the Army announced its decision to close the ROTC unit at the University of Southern Mississippi at the end of the 2014-2015 academic year.  Created in 1951, USM’s Army ROTC program is Mississippi’s most diverse unit and is of special importance to our National Guard, which draws many of its officers from ROTC units in the state. I look forward to discussing this decision with USM officials and Army leaders as we explore options for keeping USM’s ROTC program active.
