Senator Alexander said the following on news reports that Kathleen Sebelius will resign tomorrow as secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services:  “This is the right decision. The challenge for Ms. Burwell, or any other successor, is to help Congress find the right way to repair the damage Obamacare has done to American families.”
Earlier today, Nashville country-music artist Rivers Rutherford stopped by to treat the Alexander office to a few tunes, including the song, “Ain’t Nothing ‘Bout You,” which he wrote for Brooks and Dunn. http://bit.ly/1qlSewF
The Senate Commerce Committee has approved bipartisan legislation co-sponsored by Senator Ayotte that aims to promote American innovation and boost U.S. manufacturing. Read more:   
Both parties agree: it’s time to pass the Keystone XL Pipeline, Mr. President. 
Please pause in your day to remember Staff Sgt. Timothy Owens of Rolla who was killed during the Fort Hood shooting last week. This was a terrible tragedy for all Americans, especially for those who are willing to serve and for their families. http://bit.ly/1kv35VL
I'm pleased Congress took an important step forward today on the bill I introduced with Senator Brown to create more jobs by strengthening American manufacturing and innovation.
Fort Smith Regional Chamber of Commerce is also in DC today. They are here visiting about jobs, economic development and the 188th Fighter Wing, Arkansas Air National Guard
We're starting the day enjoying breakfast with members of the Jonesboro Regional Chamber of Commerce
Congratulations to our staff member, Allison Connell, who is representing Wyoming as this year’s Cherry Blossom Princess. Allison was born and raised in the Cowboy State on her family’s ranch outside of Sheridan. After graduating from the University of Montana, Allison joined my office in 2013 as our staff assistant. Allison will represent Wyoming well at the 2014 Cherry Blossom Festival.
I encourage all Hoosier veterans to attend the eighth annual “Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran” Job Fair on Wednesday, April 16 at the Indiana State Fairgrounds. Nearly 200 employers will be in attendance and looking to hire qualified applicants.
Hoosier community banks and credit unions play a key role in their local communities, and they are paying the price for mistakes made on Wall Street. These Indiana businesses did not cause the financial crisis, but they are being treated as if they did by federal bureaucrats. My legislation will allow community financial institutions and credit unions to focus on what they want to do and do best – helping families and local employers.
NA
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls For Immediate Passage of Legislation to Help End Rape-Kit Backlog:
April 9th, 2014
Cornyn Honors the Civil Rights Act:
Today at 9:30 a.m. ET, Senator Corker is participating in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing with USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah. Watch it live here: http://1.usa.gov/Ox5qQX
We don't need resignations. We need a #FullRepeal!
I think it’s terrific that we see a bipartisan statement of unanimity, Republicans and Democrats coming together against Iran, and I hope the President signs this legislation and keeps this acknowledged terrorist out of the United States. #KeepTerroristsOut
A House panel has voted to hold #IRS official in contempt over the targeting scandal, but still no special prosecutor appointed to conduct an investigation. It’s time to hold accountable those responsible.
Congress has voted unanimously in support of a bill to reject Iran's deliberately insulting nomination of a known terrorist – one of the 1979 hostage-takers – to be their ambassador to the United Nations.   I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting it, and urge the President to act quickly.   We, as a country, can send an unequivocal message to rogue nations like Iran that the United States will not tolerate this kind of provocative and hostile behavior.
Passed unanimously by both the House and Senate.  Mr. President, you’ve got your pen. Use it and sign here to #KeepTerroristsOut.
Looks like there may have been more than a "smidgen of corruption" behind the #IRS targeting after all...
We need an independent special prosector to investigate the #IRS targeting. NOW.
51 years ago Sir Winston Churchill became an Honorary Citizen of the US. #ChurchillDay
The EPA has a new plan to control Wyoming’s water. This week I answer your questions on what we can do to stop it, along with why investigating the National Park Service spending could save us billions. Watch my latest “Collecting Common Sense From Wyoming for Washington” to learn more. 
I support equal pay for equal work, but the Senate majority misses the point with their latest bill designed for political purposes. On my side of the aisle we have ideas to improve opportunities for both women and men, but the Senate majority continues to block votes and trot out one political platitude after another. I appreciated the perspective of my colleague, Senator Deb Fischer from neighboring Nebraska, on "What Women Want".
Sen. McCain and I are outraged and saddened by the latest reports of mismanagement and neglect in the Phoenix VA Health Care System. It is unconscionable that officials at the Phoenix VA reportedly would allow a level of systemic failure that resulted in delays linked to the deaths of up to 40 veterans who were awaiting medical care, and then allegedly tampered with documents to cover it up. To get to the bottom of these whistleblower reports, which our offices have been actively investigating for months, we request that the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee initiate an investigation and hold hearings as soon as possible. Our nation has a duty to provide the best quality of care to those who have served and sacrificed on our behalf, and we must hold to account those responsible for breaking faith with that solemn obligation.
Senator Grassley met yesterday with civic leaders from Marshalltown during their visit to Washington, D.C. They spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their community including: voluntary independent certification programs, healthcare and education.
NA
77 cents? Read the facts.  http://t.co/ELKUHWm3Pb
You lost your doctor for this miserable result. http://t.co/6KHOOiG0Fw
Time for honesty about 77 cents. http://t.co/Z9ds1ZYlXo
Sen. Johnson met with a school group today, part of Discovering Democracy, an AP class from Milton High School.  The students asked very informed and insightful questions – it was a pleasure to host them.
Always a privilege to speak with United States Naval Academy midshipmen and to share Navy Reserve stories. Thanks for your service.
The final stop for my mobile office today.  If you are near Mt. Pleasant, you can stop by the city offices from 3:30-5:00 to meet with a member of my staff. #utah
There are three principal reasons why we should start making crony capitalism part of the debate right now.  First, we should do this to fix the economy. Nearly all net job creation comes from firms that have existed for five years or less. But cronyist policies tilt the playing field against those very firms and make it next to impossible for them to succeed, grow, and create new jobs.  Leveling the playing field creates competition in both directions: it allows smaller, younger firms to compete, and it forces larger, older firms to do the same.  That dynamic competition is what creates new jobs, growth, and opportunities up and down the economy.  Second, it’s a matter of basic justice.  The American people have a fundamental right to equal opportunity under the law, and it’s government’s job to protect it.  If the people who “work hard and play by the rules” are forced by government to bail out, prop up, and subsidize elite insiders who don’t, then the land of opportunity isn’t.  Third, as those who most support free enterprise and equal opportunity, Republicans must bear the burden of reform. We believe in the power of free markets and a voluntary civil society to expand opportunity, lift people out of poverty, and support a secure and prosperous middle class.  So it’s our responsibility to follow through on our convictions and close our own branch of the Beltway Favor Bank: 
Next stop for my mobile office.  My staff will be at the Gunnison City Hall from 1:00-2:30. #utah #utpol
My mobile office is in Nephi today from 10:00-11:30.  You can meet with members of my staff at the Juab County Courthouse. #utah
There is still 30 minutes to go in my tele-townhall. Come join us: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Tonight's tele-townhall will be starting in a few minutes. You can participate on Facebook using the link below.  See you soon.
It is always good to have Kansas Livestock Association members in Washington. Making the trip from Kansas to D.C. is not easy but it is necessary - agriculture faces significant issues today and will continue to in the future. I am thankful such strong advocates for our way of life are in Washington educating members and staff. Thanks to KLA for taking the time to stand up for producers in Kansas and across the country.
This week, it was an honor to receive the Alzheimer's Association Humanitarian Award. I will continue to advocate to see that Alzheimer’s becomes a preventable, treatable and curable disease. The reality is, spending money to cure a disease like Alzheimer’s, and to find treatment, means we will save money in the long run, for the benefit of our kids and our families. It’s easy to make the commitment, because, if we can’t find the cure and treatment for this disease, it will consume our budget in a way we cannot sustain.  According to the Alzheimer's Association, more than five million Americans are currently living with the disease, and that number is set to grow to as many as 16 million by 2050. In addition to the human toll of the disease, care for Alzheimer’s, the country’s most expensive condition, will cost the nation $214 billion in 2014 with projections to reach $1.2 trillion by 2050.
Last week I  had the honor of paying tribute to "Mr. Flour" — Hudson's Alvin Brensing. Alvin was a businessman, volunteer, husband and father who lived a full life before passing away in December. I encourage you to watch to the remarks and learn more about this great Kansan.
Our future in the Arctic and our relationship with other Arctic nations is so important.  Today, I met with Icelandic Minister of Foreign Affairs Gunnar Bragi Sveinsson to discuss the issues facing the Arctic community – particularly Russia’s recent actions – and how we need to maintain an atmosphere for positive and responsible actions among the Arctic nations. 
It's a great day for the 168th Air Refueling Wing as they cut the ribbon and open the newly expanded and renovated communication flight building at Eielson AFB.
It was great to catch up with Lt. Gen. Russell Handy and a few of his outstanding Airmen earlier today to discuss the issues facing Alaska Command.  It always makes me proud to hear about the incredible things they do each and every day for Alaska and our nation.
ALS impacts so many of our families, mine included.  Military men and women and veterans are twice as likely to be to be affected, and it is clear more needs to be done to help.  Today I made sure the U.S. Army Surgeon General is making this a priority:  
In case you missed it, last night I joined Sean Hannity on Fox News to discuss proposed legislation that would allow airline pilots to carry weapons.   WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WvT8USffx8
Staff outing at the Nats game #RandSlam
I had a great discussion with many of our state’s rural telecom providers regarding greater deployment of broadband throughout the state.
These folks are on the front lines of healthcare. Thank you Kansas Academy of Family Physicians for your advice and counsel!
It was a pleasure meeting with students from Topeka here as part of the National Youth Leadership Council.
Always good to hear about the Kansas State University Wildcats from President Schulz. We discussed NBAF progress and a little football. Go Cats!
ICYMI: Rubio, Petri: A Vision For Reforming Student Loans: http://www.cnbc.com/id/101572836
Senator Rubio: U.S. Should Do More To Promote Internet Freedom In Cuba: http://1.usa.gov/1kvL0XN  Rubio: “What do we need to do to start, not just this program, but expand it, so that people in Cuba can do what I just did? And that is speak freely to the world, and to each other, about the reality of Cuban life, and about anything else they want…”
Senator Shelby discusses the Gulf of Mexico's red snapper population with Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker 
Thanks for participating in our Facebook Q&A on the #LEAPAct! Signing the Facebook wall afterwards.
Hi! I'm here to take your questions.  I look forward to a robust conversation on job creation and restoring hope in our economy. #Leapact
Join us at 1:45p today for a Facebook Q&A on the #LEAPAct and how a successful program developed in South Carolina can provide opportunities for folks across the nation.
Deeply disappointed two of my colleagues objected to my bill to protect children from sexual predators. I will keep at this.
I am disappointed that the Senate didn’t pass my bill with Senator Joe Manchin III to protect kids.  We can’t wait another day.  I will keep on fighting to get this done. http://tinyurl.com/kdrebjk 
Senator Joe Manchin III and I are going to the Senate floor soon to ask our colleagues to pass our bill to protect kids today. http://tinyurl.com/lbbec6h
I am concerned that the transfer of C-130Js from Keesler may not actually produce the savings that the Air Force predicts. Establishing a new group at Little Rock requires a substantial cost to relocate the planes and transfer hundreds of military and civilian full-time employees. The numbers don’t add up. 
