“Thirteen years ago today, terrorists killed thousands of Americans and forever changed our nation. Today we remember those we lost, and we honor the first responders and servicemen and -women who have given their lives and those who are fighting at home and abroad to protect Americans and defend our freedom. We came together as a country to respond to the horrific 9/11 attacks, and today as we face ISIS, a brutal and different kind of threat to civilization, we must come together again to send a clear signal to the world that we have the resolve to see this through to the end.” – Senator Lamar Alexander
“The president should present his plan to Congress and gain congressional support to destroy ISIS. This is a brutal and different kind of threat to civilization – the administration says it could take two or three years to stop ISIS, and it could take longer. Having the support of Congress is essential to uniting our country and other nations behind the president’s objective, and to making sure we have the resolve to see this through to the end.” - Senator Alexander in response to the president's speech on ISIS
During a special ceremony on Capitol Hill today, Senator Ayotte was honored by The Military Coalition, which consists of 5.5 million members and 33 organizations, for her leadership in protecting the vital interests of our nation's service members, retirees, veterans, and their families. In the wake of the unfair cuts to military pensions as part of the Senate budget deal last year, Senator Ayotte led the fight in Washington to restore military retiree benefits. Read more: 
Never Forget
Thirteen years ago today, nearly 3,000 innocent Americans were murdered in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks against our country.  The pain of their loss endures, and today we pray for their families and renew our vow that we will never forget.  We call to mind the courageous first responders, military men and women, and ordinary citizens who acted heroically in the face of evil and unimaginable horror on that terrible day.  Today we also remember the four Americans killed two years ago in the terrorist attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya.  We honor the memory of Ambassador Chris Stevens, Tyrone Woods, Sean Smith, and Glen Doherty, and we will not rest until all of the terrorists responsible for their murder are brought to justice.  The threats to our country have grown, and it is more important than ever that we stand united, remain vigilant, and provide those who protect our country with the resources they need to carry out their missions.
Senator Ayotte's statement following the president's address to the nation this evening:  "I appreciate that the president has finally said clearly that we must destroy ISIS and that he outlined some important steps toward that goal - including expanded airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, which I have previously called for.  "We have heard tough talk before from the president, and I hope this time he takes decisive actions to match his words.  "Based on the briefing I received today in the Homeland Security Committee about the number of Americans and Western passport holders who have joined ISIS, the estimates that ISIS is raising as much as $1 million a day, and the safe havens they retain in Iraq and Syria, I believe that ISIS is a current threat to our homeland and I disagree with the president's assertion tonight that America is safer.  "Any effective strategy must include tougher measures to ensure that Americans and Western passport holders who have joined ISIS cannot enter the United States of America."
Today I spoke on the Senate floor to pay tribute to those who lost their lives on 9/11, and to thank our brave men and women in uniform, intelligence professionals, and first responders for their service. #NeverForget #September11
We will never forget those who lost their lives on 9/11, and we’re forever grateful to our men and women in uniform, intelligence professionals, and the nation’s first responder community for working tirelessly to keep us safe. There’s no doubt that we still face real threats from terrorist groups and enemies who wish us harm. We were reminded of this just two years ago, when four Americans were killed during a terrorist attack in Benghazi. Today, the threat to our nation from terrorist groups like #ISIL is still very real. I hope the president’s plan and resolve can meet the goal of defeating this enemy. #NeverForget #September11
Thirteen years ago our nation suffered an unthinkable tragedy that redefined many of our lives.  Hundreds of millions of people across the world watched as a small group of extremists tried to tear down our way of life.  But instead of caving under our loss, we met their senseless violence with the strength of our resolve, our capacity to care, and commitment to each other.   We responded, and thousands of our men and women in uniform deployed to the ends of the globe and put our nation before their own safety.  We continue to owe them a debt of gratitude for their service and sacrifice.  On September 11, 2012, our diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya came under attack and we lost four brave Americans to a group of extremists.  I urge every American to take time today for somber remembrance, reflection, and prayer. While we must not forget the tragedies that have taken place, we should also try to remember the sense of unity and patriotism that was so prevalent in the weeks after 9/11. Let us put aside our differences and once again focus on those things that bind us, for we are all Americans, and we will forever be one nation under God. #NeverForget
Happy to welcome these Arkansans to our nation's capital and wish them success for a great semester with The Washington Center.
EPA's carbon emissions mandate targets Arkansas with some of the most painful and severe cuts in the nation. The public deserves more time to weigh in because of the complexity of the mandate. That's why I joined this letter calling on EPA to grant a 60-day extension. 
Senseless acts of terrorism tested our nation’s resolve on 9/11, but we continue to share the ideals of democracy, freedom and liberty around the world. While we will never forget the sacrifices and heroism of everyday citizens, the best way to honor their lives is to remain vigilant against the threats that exist today. The size and strength of the Islamic State in Iraq and Levant shows that there are people who still want to attack our way of life, destroy our freedoms and cause harm to Americans both at home and abroad. We need to maintain a strong national defense, continue active intelligence gathering and preserve relationships with our allies around the globe to protect our country against the threats that exist today and will pose dangers to us in the future.
We must never forget the nearly 3,000 innocent people killed in the September 11th attacks 13 years ago today. Our thoughts and prayers remain with their families.
Today we remember the thousands of lives lost in the tragic terrorist attacks on our nation thirteen years ago. We lift up in prayer the families of our fallen brothers and sisters, and we say thank you to our first responders and men and women in uniform. May our memories and actions honor the fallen. May the world know that the United States remains strong in our resolve to stand united against the forces of evil who plot against our country. May we never forget and may God bless the land of the free and home of the brave.
NA
The president’s speech was a sharp, welcome reversal to his previous comments on foreign policy. He has finally grasped the true nature of the threat that ISIL poses, and his response to begin the process of taking down this so-called caliphate is welcome news.   The president incorporated in his speech many of the elements I have called for and that are necessary to achieve success. One is pursuing ISIL forces wherever they are, rather than his previous policy of using force only in Iraq. Also, the president’s call for coalition building is essential, but it is critical that moderate Muslim states play a significant role in this effort.   The president’s plan seemed to limit ground forces to the Iraqi Army and Syrian Free Army, both of which have not shown that they can match up to ISIL. The key here is to be resolute in doing what is necessary to defeat ISIL. The president’s reference to using the same strategy we are using in Yemen and Somalia must be put in the context of the limited success we are having in these countries.   The American people need to understand that if we are to be successful, we are in for a long and protracted effort that will require a resolute commitment from the United States. The region and the world are looking to America and to President Obama for leadership.
NA
Today we pause to remember all those who lost their lives on that tragic day thirteen years ago.  Our nation will forever remain indebted to the valor and heroism of the firemen, police officers, first responders and volunteers who worked tirelessly and selflessly to save lives and recover victims from Ground Zero and the Pentagon.  As Idahoans, we must also remember Brady Howell and Ron Vauk—two Idahoans whose lives were lost at the Pentagon.  My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the families and all those who have given their lives fighting terrorism that day and since then.
American Civil Liberties Union strongly opposed proposed Constitutional amendment saying that it "would severely limit the First Amendment, lead directly to government censorship of political speech and result in a host of unintended consequences..."    Read Senator Collins' full statement and see the ACLU letter here: 
NA
To honor all of those who died on September 11, 2001, Senator Collins participated in a ceremony in the U.S. Capitol where the Congressional Gold Medal was presented to the three sites, in New York, Washington, D.C., and Pennsylvania, where thousands of lives were lost.    “The loss we relive this day reminds us of the value of all that we must protect.  The heroism reminds us of the unconquerable spirit of the American people.  As long as we keep the meaning of this day of remembrance in our hearts, we will meet the challenges that lie ahead," said Senator Collins.
READ: Senator Collins issued this statement tonight following the President's Address to the Nation.
Sept. 5th, 2014
Sept. 4th, 2014
VIDEO - Cornyn Recognizes 13th Anniversary of September 11th Attacks:
September 11th, 2001 was a defining moment in our nation’s history – it was a day that proved our love of country and our fellow Americans will always prevail.   Today we pause with heavy hearts to remember those we lost and pray that God will continue to comfort the families of those we still mourn.   We also continue to pray for our military, along with our intelligence professionals, our law enforcement officers, first responders, and others who have dedicated their lives since that fateful day to keep us safe and free from another attack.  Let us never leave them in doubt of our gratitude.  September 11 will forever be a solemn reminder of what can be taken from us in the blink of an eye, and why we must never waver in our efforts to protect this great nation and the freedoms it embodies.
May this somber anniversary serve as a reminder of the durability of the American spirit, the countless acts of courage, and the displays of selflessness by so many Americans on that fateful day and in the years since September 11, 2001. Our military men and women and their families who answered the call to defend this country have made tremendous sacrifices on our behalf and continue to inspire all of us through their public service.
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, last night issued the following statement following President Obama’s address to the nation regarding the U.S. strategy against the terrorist organization the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS):   “While much of the wording in the president’s speech was good, the substance of how we accomplish what he laid out is what matters. I believe the president is exercising poor judgment by not explicitly seeking an authorization from Congress where consensus can be reached around a substantive plan of action and support can be built for an operation that he has described will take several years."
American heroes come big and small. This week, this little Texas hero made her first return to Ground Zero since she assisted in the recovery efforts.
Thirteen years ago, we experienced an attack unlike any other -- an attack carried out by radical Islamic terrorists on American soil that claimed the lives of thousands. Our fortitude was tested, but together we remained strong.  On that day, and in the years since, we have showed strength and perseverance as a nation and as a people, and because of the sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform, we brought the terrorists involved in these horrific attacks to justice.  Today, we reflect and remember all of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001 -- most, innocent victims, many, who willingly gave their lives to rescue others -- their families, the heroes, and all of those who continue to keep us safe today.  This day also serves as a reminder that we must keep a watchful eye on the enemies of liberty.  The fight against those who despise our values and wish for the destruction of our country continues today, as evidenced by the rise of radical Islam and the growing conflicts in the Middle East.  As Americans, we must stand firm and protect the values of freedom and liberty that make our country great.
Tonight in Washington should have been a night of unity as we came together for the inaugural event for a group that calls itself ‘In Defense of Christians.’ Instead, it unfortunately deteriorated into a shameful display of bigotry and hatred.   When I spoke in strong support of Israel and the Jewish people, who are being persecuted and murdered by the same vicious terrorists who are also slaughtering Christians, many Christians in the audience applauded.  But, sadly, a vocal and angry minority of attendees at the conference tried to shout down my expression of solidarity with Israel.   They cannot shout down the truth.  And we should not shy away from expressing the truth, even in the face of – especially in the face of – ignorance and bigotry.   I told the attendees that those who hate Israel also hate America, that those who hate Jews also hate Christians, and that anyone who hates Israel and the Jewish people is not following the teachings of Christ.   These statements were met with angry boos. I went on to tell the crowd that Christians in the Middle East have no better friend than Israel. That Christians can practice their faith free of persecution in Israel.  And that ISIS, al Qaeda, Hamas, and Hezbollah, along with their state sponsors in Syria and Iran, are all part of the same cancer, murdering Christians and Jews alike.  Hate is hate, and murder is murder.   I came to this event tonight to help shine a light on the tragic persecution and slaughter of Christians by ISIS and Islamic radicals throughout the Middle East.  American leaders have been far too silent as to this horrific evil.   But bigotry and hatred have no place in this discussion. Anti-Semitism is a corrosive evil, and it reared its ugly head tonight.     After just a few minutes, I had no choice.  I told them that if you will not stand with Israel, if you will not stand with the Jews, then I will not stand with you. And then I walked off the stage.
The EPA is proposing one of the most complex and costly rules of this administration. It will regulate and affect the generation, transmission, and use of electricity in every corner of the country. The burden will fall on the states to implement new emission reductions at the expense of customers whose rates will only go up. Given all of that, we are asking the agency to give states and stakeholders more time to fully analyze and assess the sweeping impacts that the proposal will have on our nation’s energy system, including dispatch of generation and end-use energy efficiency.
The Senate majority is attempting to censor political speech by rewriting the First Amendment. Their proposed amendment is designed to give Congress blanket authority to define what political speech qualifies as acceptable or not. Protecting the right of every American to speak their mind shouldn’t be a partisan issue.
Today we remember the events of September 11 and honor the memory of all those who lost their lives during those terrorist attacks. In the end, what was supposed to divide us in fear instead brought us together as one, more strongly committed to the principles and values that made us the United States of America.
I believe it is crucial to support both speech with which we agree, but more importantly, speech with which we disagree. Whether it has been campaign finance laws or flag burning, I have consistently opposed amending the Constitution to limit the First Amendment. 
NA
On the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, we remember those we've lost and those who still sacrifice to keep us free.
I agree with President Obama that #ISIS #ISIL must be confronted in Syria as well as Iraq.
Mary Ann Borgeson, Douglas County Commissioner, made a stop in my office today. It's always great to see a friend from Nebraska!
NA
“Once again we honor the memory of the victims of terrorism on 9/11. The passage of 13 years has not lessened our pain or diminished our resolve. Images of destruction in our cities and a quiet Pennsylvania field are seared into our national memory. As the United States now faces a resurgent global terror threat, we must recommit ourselves to eliminating those who wish to destroy our way of life and the freedoms we hold so dear."
About the speech last night, what bothered me the most was the way it started.  The President tried to tell us that as a nation we’re safer today than we have ever been.    Do you believe that?  I don’t.    There are more terrorists, more organizations with more money, more capability, and more weapons to attack our homeland than existed before 9/11.  We’re not safer than we were before 9/11 and that’s just an unfortunate fact.
"Thirteen years ago, terrorists killed thousands of innocent people and caused immeasurable grief to victims and survivors.  Our country suffered a terrible loss that day.  Nearly 3,000 lives were cut too short—nearly 3,000 holes were left in the hearts of Americans.    My sympathies go out to all those who suffered losses on that awful day, and to the friends and family of those who have since lost their lives defending our freedom and liberty.  My thoughts and prayers are with you.  However, the memories of that day also include selfless acts of patriotism and courage, from the first responders who reported to the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, to the passengers aboard United Flight 93, to the heroes in our military, counterterrorism, and intelligence communities.    Today, we reflect on the American spirit that is brightly shining in the aftermath of tragedy.  It’s a time to honor the selfless acts by so many as they rushed toward the scenes of chaos. It’s a time to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in a senseless act of terrorism.  It’s a time to honor those who continue to fight for our freedoms every day.  It’s an annual reminder of the dangers our country still faces in rooting out terrorism.    We learned a lot about our country that day 13 years ago-- most importantly, that nothing can shake the American people’s commitment to freedom and liberty.  We will never forget."  -Sen. Chuck Grassley
tragic events of 9/11 R etched in mind thx 2 1st responders & all protecting freedom 2this day Never forget those who gve ultimate sacrifice
Today, we remember those who lost their life on this day thirteen years ago #NeverForget:   http://www.heller.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=2402f3c3-9ca3-4449-a3c0-ae062529ac52
“For four years in a row, North Dakota has had the fastest growing economy in the nation. That means we have an ever-increasing number of goods and people to move, and we need to have the infrastructure in place to meet this need. These funds are an investment in our airports and will help improve both our transportation capacity and safety.”
“North Dakota is the fastest growing state in the nation. One of the biggest challenges of that growth is a lack of housing across the state, but especially in our rural areas. We need USDA to work with us to ensure communities have quality, affordable housing options, especially single family homes, for our families.”
This morning I skyped with KJRH's Russ McCaskey about the president’s speech last night that was to layout a plan for the extremist terrorist army ISIS. He missed an opportunity to restore American leadership and credibility throughout the world, and will continue his policy of “lead from behind.” Please take a moment to watch my interview here: http://www.kjrh.com/news/local-news/sen-inhofe-says-president-trying-to-lead-from-behind-with-isis-plan-and-that-is-not-what-is-needed
On this date each year the nation gives pause to remember the innocent American lives lost in the horrific terrorist attacks on our homeland 13 years ago. On this same date just two years ago, our enemies struck again when they launched an attack on our diplomatic facility in Benghazi, Libya, where we lost four brave American heroes. Let us remember today in prayer the families who are faced every day with the untimely loss of their loved ones in these tragic events, and extend gratitude to the men and women in uniform who have fought and sacrificed to bring about justice and protect the homeland. Our country pledges to never forget the victims of 9/11 and their families, the first responders, and our military whose lives have since been forever changed.  Recent events across the Middle East and North Africa serve as a sober reminder on this anniversary that our enemies are resilient. The threat of terrorism remains alive, with al-Qaeda now operating in more countries and controlling more territory than ever before. Our nation also faces the threat of ISIL, who has savagely killed two American citizens and has vowed not to stop there with the pain it wants to inflict on the citizens of our nation. In order to combat the enemy, the United States must remain vigilant and be ready to defend against and defeat those who wish to do us harm. As the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I remain committed to ensuring our servicemembers have the training and resources they need to continue to protect America.
Tonight, on the eve of the anniversary of the terrorist attacks of 9/11, President Obama had an important opportunity to present a clear and compelling plan to the American people to defeat the greatest terrorist threat this nation has faced since the attacks 13 years ago. I wanted him to be more honest with the American people, to say that ISIL has evolved into an extremist army with the potential to attack our homeland and to deliver a strategy to reflect this real concern. Tonight, the President's strategy instead re-plowed the ground of what he has already done and requested what Congressional leaders have already offered.  At ISIL headquarters in Raqqa, Syria, you can hear a sigh of relief.   I'll be talking with several Oklahoma radio and TV outlets in the morning more about my response, and I hope you can tune in.
Today Senator Johnson was honored to meet a group of Wisconsin #veterans who came to Washington with Old Glory Honor Flight.
Praying for Bart Starr's speedy recovery.  Get well soon, Bart!!! -rj
I will support strong and resolute action to destroy the growing threat that ISIS and global terrorism represent to America.  Tonight's speech was a necessary step in describing those threats and stating that America's goal is the destruction of ISIS.  It is crucial that President Obama and the American public remain totally committed to achieving that goal.  I will review the president’s plan carefully in the coming days. -rj
This morning at Illinois Constituent Coffee, we held a moment of silence for those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001.  On September 11th, our enemies tried and failed to break our will as Americans. Today we stand together to reaffirm the core values that make our nation a beacon of freedom. Please join me in remembering and honoring the thousands of American lives, including 8 from Illinois, that were cut short by the September 11th terrorist attacks.
Watching the Senate debate on SJ Res 19 this week has been a useful lesson.  Senate Democrats say Congress can be trusted somehow to impose "reasonable" limits and restrictions on political debate and core political activity.  Look no further than this debate occurring on the floor of the Senate to see what the majority thinks reasonable debate looks like.  What it looks like here is a "take it or leave it" vote with no opportunity to provide amendments, no opportunity to for discussion about the intricate details of the proposal, and very, very little discussion.
During a town hall I recently held in Draper, a woman who had lost dear ones in the September 11 attacks asked me what steps we can be taking to protect ourselves from future attacks in a world where such threats continue to lurk.  Her question has stuck with me, and like all Americans, I continue to mourn the loss of family, friends, and fellow citizens that resulted from those attacks.  I also committed to her that I would do what I can to ensure that our federal government can aggressively fulfill its constitutional obligation to protect us from threats to our national security in a way that doesn’t also threaten our rights and freedoms. #September11th should always be a day when we both remember those we tragically lost and reaffirm our resolve to keep America free and strong.
My tele-townhall is happening now.  You can join us here: 
Just a reminder - my September tele-townhall will start in about 15 minutes.  You can join the event here: 
Every American on 9/11 bore witness to terrible tragedy and suffering. But that wasn't all we witnessed. We also saw incredible acts of bravery, and compassion, and heroism. We saw it in a great city, we saw it on the edge of a capital, and we heard about it high above the clouds.   The sacrifices of those heroes of 9/11 inspired us then, and they inspire us now.  The memory of every man and women who perished so tragically that day continues to serve as a unifying force for our nation. And we will never stop honoring them.
On the anniversary of September 11, 2001, we remember those who perished and honor all who stepped forth to defend America, seek justice, and help us recover and rebuild even after the most terrible of tragedies. It is clear the threat of violence from terrorism remains very real, and good people around the world remain at risk. Our mission also remains clear: the United States must stay vigilant and uphold the American values of freedom, equality and tolerance on which this country was founded.  Pictured is a steel beam from the World Trade Center, part of the 9/11 Memorial completed this year in Overland Park, Kansas.
On this day of reflection and remembrance, I urge Alaskans, and all Americans, to join together once again in honor of those fallen heroes and innocent victims. I also ask you to hug your friends and family a bit tighter, and greet your colleagues with a wider smile – and appreciate all we still have, and all that those who oppose us can never take away. Our country’s sacred values of liberty and justice continue to make us a target for extremists who wish to do us harm. I cannot thank our soldiers, veterans, and their families enough for helping America remain resilient, proud, and strong.
I know a lot of Alaskans are following the President's remarks tonight, so I want to share my observations with you from having listened to him:  Like all Americans, I am extremely concerned with the rapid growth of the ISIS and the threat this barbaric group poses to Americans abroad, at home, and our allies around the world.  But we owe it to ourselves and our brave men and women in uniform to think clearly and thoughtfully before putting them into harm’s way. It’s time to step up our leadership and work together to determine the best strategy for our nation to combat this imminent threat.  President Obama recently inadvertently admitted what many Alaskans already knew: that he did not have a strategy to protect Americans against the spread of violent Islamic extremism like that posed by ISIS. Tonight, he attempted to convince us otherwise by introducing a broad strategy and a few near-term actions.  Instead, I believe we still need a comprehensive plan for the region and our role including a well-defined mission and clear objectives.  Action without a defined plan is not effective or sustainable foreign policy – and it makes attracting a coalition of allies more difficult.  Make no mistake, this is a highly complex situation and there are no easy answers to combat not only ISIS, but the plague of violent Islamic extremism across the globe.  But President Obama owes Americans more than he offered us tonight: we need to know what constitutes ‘victory’ and what benchmarks we will use to measure accomplishments as the activities are conducted.  Before we can attract support from our allies in the international community, we must define terms and goals more concretely.  President Obama also needs to acknowledge he must sit down with Congress and not simply suggest his plan represents the final say on the matter. He did not spell out precisely what he is seeking from Congress in tonight’s address.  Further, we need a plan to involve the key stakeholders in the Gulf region and our allies around the world to ensure a global effort against this face of evil.  The neighboring countries and others have just as much at stake in this fight as any nation or culture in the world, and they need to be a core part of the solution and the endgame to create a world environment truly hostile to this movement.  I watched the speech and heard his four objectives and found myself thinking to some ‘haven’t we already been doing this?’ and to others ‘how will this work?’  America and the international community needs more clarity than tonight’s remarks provided.
JFK once wrote that America is the "watchman on the walls of world freedom." As we reflect on this somber day, it's important to remember America's leadership role in the world and thank the brave men and women who protect our freedoms every day.
Today as Americans, we remember those who died on September 11th and express gratitude to those protecting us at home and abroad. We'll never forget those lost and will always remember acts of bravery on that fateful day that made us all proud to be Americans.
Today is a day of remembrance and reflection. My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and service members who put their lives on line to protect America. #NeverForget
In case you missed it- I joined Sean Hannity on Fox News with a response to President Obama's ISIS strategy.   WATCH HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQ_0vTyv7CE
God Bless America.
Tonight, the President finally recognized the grave and serious threat posed by ISIS. The President laid out his plan to address this threat; however, President Obama’s strategy remains much too vague and leans far too heavily on foreign partners.   I am deeply concerned that the President’s plan is focused on the long-term solution and fails to address the immediate need to stop ISIS in its tracks and turn back its cancerous spread throughout the region. ISIS remains a threat to the Middle East, to global security, and to the homeland, and I am committed to working with my colleagues in the Senate and our military leaders to eliminate the terrorist group, ISIS.
Last night the House passed H.R. 5078, the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act, by a bipartisan vote of 262-152. It is time for the Senate to act on this commonsense legislation to protect farmers, ranchers and other private property owners from confusing and vague proposed rules. I call on Majority Leader Reid to call up the House passed bill or the Senate bills that would stop this attack on rural America.  
Senator Rubio went on CNBC this morning to respond to Obama’s strategy to defeat ISIL:
Earlier this morning, Rubio weighed in on Obama's strategy to defeat ISIL on CNN:
Rubio Responds to Obama's Strategy to Defeat ISIL with NPR's Steve Inskeep:
In Case You Missed It: Senator Shelby spoke to WKRG yesterday to preview President Obama’s address to the nation on the threat from ISIS.   What are your thoughts on the President’s speech last night?  
Today we remember and honor those who tragically lost their lives on September 11, 2001. #NeverForget #Honor911
NA
From Sen. Sessions' floor speech yesterday: "The ‘masters of the universe’ are very fond of open borders as long as these open borders don't extend to their gated compounds and fenced-off estates.”
NA
Thirteen years ago, our nation faced one of her most trying days, one that tested our collective resolve.  When our homeland was attacked by 19 al-Qaeda associated terrorists, it not only was among one of our nation’s saddest days, its aftermath displayed America’s strength, compassion and dedication for our fellow citizens to the world. #MomentOfSilence
Today is a national day of remembrance.  Please also keep the four Americans that were murdered two years ago in #Benghazi in your thoughts.
#NeverForget
A heartfelt piece by my wife, Kris, about her recollections of 9-11 #neverforget @Flight93NPS  
Like most Americans, I distinctly remember where I was on September 11, 2001. That morning, I met with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld at the Pentagon.  I left shortly before the terrorists attacked, crashing planes into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.  Although the memories of 9/11 still weigh heavy on our hearts, we are also reminded of the countless acts of bravery and selflessness shown by first responders, the passengers on United Flight 93, and the members of our armed forces who protect us every day.  Today, we remain grateful for our freedoms and committed to the pursuit of a safer world.
ISIS poses a direct threat to the security of the United States, to our allies in Europe, and to stability in the Middle East. This barbaric group needs to be defeated and eliminated from the world stage.   For months, the President has downplayed this threat and has sent mixed messages to our enemies and our allies about our resolve. I look forward to the plan outlined by the President tonight finally replacing the Administration’s past policies of half-measures and disengagement. I hope the President will match his tough talk with action.
