NA
As we mark MLK Day today, we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., an American hero who fought to change the nation and give everyone the freedom to succeed.
NA
NA
Click to read about The Indiana Way, my 10-point legislative agenda for 2014 based on the model of Indiana and ideas I have gathered from Hoosiers.
NA
Op-Ed: With the generosity of Idahoans in our communities, it comes as no surprise that Idaho ranks among the top states in its rate of volunteerism. In a study released in December, the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) and the National Conference on Citizenship (NCoC) ranked Idaho third among the states for volunteerism and civic engagement. It is clear that many Idahoans and Americans across this nation contribute significant time to easing the burdens of others.  Through this work, they are spreading kindness in our communities and they are inspiring the good actions of others.
The Texas Department of Insurance today adopted final state-specific rules for screening Obamacare navigators in Texas. I’m glad to see Texas taking the steps Secretary Sebelius failed to take to safeguard Texans’ personal information. Obamacare presents enough problems for Texans without the risk of a convicted felon handling their personal information. http://www.tdi.texas.gov/news/2014/news20142.html
In Dallas today, Wichita Falls, and the Woodlands tomorrow
Opposition to the Obama Administration's lawlessness isn't limited to just one side of the political spectrum:
I thank my friend Tom Coburn for his selfless service, and I pray God's most abundant blessings on his future. When I ran for the Senate, he was one of my very first supporters. For that, and everything else, I am deeply grateful. I look forward to working with and continuing to learn from him in the coming year.   Washington has not been the same since he arrived, and it certainly will not be the same when he leaves.
The more Americans find out about Obamacare, the lower President Obama's approval rating drops.
Among other ideals, being conservative means less debt and more freedom. That’s what is important to you and that is what is important to your Congressional delegation. We’re among the most conservative in Congress.
Good meeting with the Southern Arizona Leadership Council. #DayInTheLife
Speaking at Tucson Federal Bar Association luncheon. #DayInTheLife
Serious reflection @UofA Mirror Lab #DayInTheLife
Enjoyed speaking to the Southern AZ Homebuilders Assn. #DayInTheLife
Tucson Day. Thanks @wakeuptucson and @jonjustice for having me on this morning. #DayInTheLife
Thank you to Wakefield Community School for having me today to speak to their wonderful group of students! Wakefield was named a National Blue Ribbon School in 2013. Our state is so proud to have such talented and committed educators across Nebraska.
Visited South Sioux City to speak with the area Chamber of Commerce about job creation, local economic development, and education. Also stopped in for a quick lunch at local spot, Dakota Perk.
Great to be in Oakland, NE on this chilly morning. Toured Oakland Mercy Hospital and learned more about the medical services and care they provide to the community.
CedarRapids Tour&Q&A at TrueNorthCo Issues:Obamacare Deadlock in Congress Transportation/gasTax NatlDebt US asWorldPower
Independence rotary club 36members Issues:FarmBill FloodInsurance Hospitals OilPipeline Gridlock FEDchr SosSec Vilsack Unemployment
Terex Co Waverly Mfg giant cranes Tour and Q&A Discussion centered on DODContracting HighwayBill
Senator Grassley continues his 99-county tour. Yesterday he held meeting #5 in Grundy County. Read more in the Marshalltown Times-Republican.
Illinois leads the nation in per capita gang members. $18.5 million of federal resources will help local law enforcement fight dangerous gangs and keep our communities safe.
 
 READ MORE: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=977
Can you answer Senator Klobuchar's question at the end of this clip?  In which state are you most likely to go from the bottom 20% of the income scale to the top 20%?  Once you hear the answer, I would like to hear your thoughts on why you think this state is number one.
On Sunday, I visited with Eric Shawn on Fox News Channel about the latest in a series of delays, miscalculations and policy shifts by the President on Obamacare – this time, it’s a delay to the ban on discriminatory health benefits.   The White House continues to undercut its message that it’s beginning to turn around the disastrous rollout of the health care law. Why does the President continue to delay all of these various components of the law except the most important one: the individual mandate? If the law is not ready, which the President points out every time he delays another provision, than individuals should not be penalized for not signing up for a clearly flawed system.  I also addressed President Obama’s disturbing insistence on altering his signature piece of legislation without consulting Congress. In high school government class, we were taught that it is the Executive Branch that enforces the law, but it is Congress, the legislative branch, that enacts the law.
I enjoyed speaking at the Spring Hill Chamber of Commerce luncheon yesterday. Conversations with chamber members included a variety of topics such as the Omnibus appropriations bill, reducing regulatory burdens, and how to grow the economy and create jobs. Pictured here is Spring Hill High School Social Studies Teacher Nacole Boan and her students who visited with me about education issues. Thanks to Spring Hill Chamber Executive Director Ann Jensen for invitation.
Headed out and toured the new Anchorage Neighborhood Health Center, where they're working hard and providing vial services to over 14,000 Alaskans - including this state of the art x-ray.
In honor of Martin Luther King, Jr's legacy of service, I hope that Alaskans see today more as a 'Day On' to step up and help one another than a 'Day Off' of work.  Love your community, and it will love you back.
Kicking off a busy Alaska work period with a full day of meetings today.  I thank Consul Iwanabe and the rest of the Japanese-American Citizens League for taking some time out of their holiday to sit down and update me on their work and views.
Appeared on Fox News to talk about Obamacare hurdles and the need for economic growth. Watch here:
I will be making stops this THURSDAY and FRIDAY in Central Kentucky and the Buffalo Trace area. All of the events are open to the public. Please SHARE. Here is the schedule:  THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 2014: COFFEE STOP MEET AND GREET EVENT IN LAWRENCEBURG 10:00 a.m. ET Best Western Lawrenceburg Inn, 200 Plaza Dr., Lawrenceburg, KY 40342  COFFEE STOP MEET AND GREET EVENT IN PARIS 1:30 p.m. ET The Rock Cafe, 3960 Lexington Rd., Paris, KY 40361  MEET AND GREET EVENT IN CYNTHIANA 2:45 p.m. ET Wedco District Health Department, 1050 U.S. Hwy 27, Cynthiana, KY 41031  MEET AND GREET EVENT IN MAYSVILLE 5:00 p.m. ET Crockett Auditorium, Maysville Community & Technical College, 1755 U.S. Hwy 68, Maysville, KY 41056  FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 2014: COFFEE STOP MEET AND GREET EVENT IN FLEMINGSBURG 8:00 a.m. ET Fleming County Cooperative Extension Office, 1384 Elizaville Rd., Flemingsburg, KY 41041  COFFEE STOP MEET AND GREET EVENT IN RICHMOND 10:00 a.m. ET Frisch’s Big Boy Restaurant, 136 N Keeneland Dr., Richmond, KY 40475   MEET AND GREET EVENT IN DANVILLE Noon ET Mallard’s Restaurant, 1001 Ben Ali Dr. #3, Danville, KY 40422
An America in which the President of the United States essentially approves of the government collecting your phone records, your emails, your texts, your credit-card records, and other private information is not an America that those who founded it would recognize.  Read my entire op-ed for Foreign Policy HERE: http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2014/01/19/still_unprotected
MUST-READ: Rep. Rush Holt's op-ed for MSNBC-- 'Time to end the surveillance state'  http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/time-end-the-surveillance-state
I was proud to meet with my friends Earl Long, Lloyd and Nancy Hanahan and other key members of the FairTaxKC organization yesterday. We had a good discussion about the Constitution, the IRS, the burdensome tax code and economic growth. I look forward to continue working with FairtaxKC to reform the tax code.
Senator Rubio Concludes Visit to Japan: http://1.usa.gov/1ePQbdD
 
 Pictured here: Rubio meets with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
I'll be joining Megyn Kelly on FOX News tonight at 9p, make sure to tune in!
Great to be at Voorhees College in Bamberg County today!
I am strongly committed to upholding Americans’ constitutional right to keep and bear arms. This legislation would ensure this right is not limited to the state where the concealed carry permit was issued.  It responsibly grants legal gun owners the same freedom in states with concealed carry laws.
Wicker Report | Two years ago, President Obama defied the Constitution’s limits on executive power with three appointments to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB).  Rather than allow the Senate to provide “advice and consent” on executive nominees, the President declared that Congress was in recess and simply installed his nominees by executive order.  As federal appeals courts would later decide, the President’s unilateral action was in violation of our government’s separation of powers.
