With Ward Bennett of Amherst
Participating in hearing today to investigate "876" phone scam, which targets senior citizens in New Hampshire, Maine, and Vermont. Read more to learn how you can protect yourself and your loved ones.  http://www.unionleader.com/article/20130313/NEWS03/130319646
We should do everything we can to protect Americans’ safety and private sector jobs. That’s why I introduced an amendment today to provide the Obama Administration with the flexibility to ensure “essential” federal employees continue to provide vital services, including meat inspections, control tower operations, and border security.
I just voted for Senator Ted Cruz’s amendment to defund ObamaCare. Americans can’t afford this job-destroying law in an already fragile economy.
Yesterday I introduced a bill that would expand the timeframe of eligibility for those veterans and family members affected by diseases and conditions resulting from the exposure to contaminated well-water at Camp Lejeune. These men and women have been suffering through no fault of their own and we owe them the care they need without delay.  Click below to read more.
Today I was proud to sign on as a co-sponsor to Senator Ted Cruz and United States Senator Mike Lee's amendment to defund Obamacare.  Like this is if you're ready to take back control of your health care and get it out of the government's hands.
For the first time in 92 years, Congress is starting the budgetary process without the President’s proposal, which is now over a month late.   Share this if you’re ready for a fiscally responsible budget that guides America back into a prosperous future.
Washington is not in the position to take on the massive, multi-trillion dollar price tag that comes with the President’s health care law, nor is our economy. We need to find ways to cut spending, not substantially increase it. We need to reduce the tax burden on our small business owners, not raise it. Implementing this law not only takes us in the wrong direction, but it does little to contain to the cost of health care, which is the real root of the problem.
Monticello 20 For the Future came to meet with us during the group's visit to Washington. Thank you for sharing with us how we can help the community.
NA
I will be voting this afternoon to support an amendment offered by Senator Ted Cruz to withhold funding for Obamacare. #DefundObamacare
Congratulations to the Notre Dame women's basketball team on being the Big East Conference Champs.
VIDEO: After nearly four years with no budget submitted by the majority party, we finally began to mark-up a budget today.  Unfortunately, it was more of the same tax-and-spend policies of which Washington is so fond.
News Release: Today, I joined my Pacific Northwest colleague from Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski to introduce the bipartisan Hydropower Improvement Act along with a number of other co-sponsors. Hydropower efficiently and cleanly provides about seven percent of the nation’s electricity.  This legislation helps to increase that capacity without increasing our country’s out-of-control deficit.
PHOTO: Great to see so much support for the fight to end domestic violence at the NOMORE.org briefing. Ashley Greene was there too.
Washington Free Beacon: Dept. of Misplaced Priorities
Cornyn Votes to Defund Obamacare:
During Sunshine Week, Texas Once Again Leads the Way:
Someone should tell POTUS the debt is hurting economic growth and job creation.  That is why it is an urgent matter.
Cornyn: ‘Shocked’ President Thinks There is No Debt Crisis:
At Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Open Government.  Much more needs to be done.
Texas one of 8 states to get an "A" for open government
Pres. Obama does't believe a balanced budget is an important priority.  Do you?
Pres. Obama will release his budget in April, after the House and Senate take up their budgets
I gave my first major speech on the Senate floor today, pointing out all the promises Obamacare has already broken and explaining why it must be defunded in order to restore economic growth. Hope you'll watch it here:
I am proud that Senate Republicans stood united today and voted unanimously to defund Obamacare. While I'm disappointed that the amendment did not pass, we will not give up. And today's vote demonstrates that the fight to repeal Obamacare is far from over.  Every Democrat voted in lockstep today to continue Obamacare, despite the significant harms it is already inflicting on seniors, on young people, on Hispanics and African-Americans, on single moms, and on everyone else struggling to climb the economic ladder. And every Democrat voted for continued costs, burdens, and regulations on small businesses, which will kill even more jobs. Our economy is gasping for breath--last quarter, it grew just 0.1%--and implementing Obamacare now could well force us into a full recession. And yet, unfortunately, every Democrat voted to do just that.  Democrats and Republicans should work together on what should be our very top priority: restoring economic growth and expanding the opportunity for everyone to achieve the American dream. Unfortunately, today at least, the Senate did not do so.
All 45 Senate Republicans presented a united front today and agreed with the amendment to defund Obamacare.
At press conference explaining why we must defund Obamacare.
Rounding out the Top 10 Reasons to Defund Obamacare...
Here's my opening statement from today's Senate Budget Committee meeting. This is the first time we're considering a budget resolution in more than 1,400 days.
With a UN arms treaty we see an attempt by those from outside our country to undermine Second Amendment rights. In Wyoming we understand just how important it is to be able to keep and bear arms and I will continue to stand up for those rights on both foreign and domestic fronts. I cosponsored a resolution today expressing these views.
I introduced my Penny Plan today that will balance the budget in three years.  It’s the injection of fiscal sanity that I hope all my colleagues and the American people can get behind. It makes sure everyone has some skin in the game. If we cut a single penny from every dollar the federal government spends for each of three years, we’ll have a balanced budget. Let’s take away the federal government’s credit cards. Let’s take a stand not just for the taxpayers, but for future generations that will have to pay for our inaction on our debts. There’s light at the end of the tunnel if we are willing to act. Click the link below to read about my bill.
After four years, we’re finally being allowed to work on a budget in the Senate Budget Committee. Opening statements are scheduled to begin at noon Wyoming time and you should be able to watch them live at the link below.
We’re getting ready to consider a continuing resolution that will keep the government funded through September.  The majority continues to skip the appropriations process and lump spending together, but I hope we will at least be able to offer amendments to this resolution.  One improvement I would like to make is to encourage the Administration to cut the worst first when it comes to the sequester.  I’m cosponsoring a flexibility amendment with Senator Roy Blunt and others.
The Senate Judiciary Committee has been going through and weighing several gun control measures over the past several weeks. I voted against the Universal Background Check bill sponsored by Senator Schumer yesterday.   While I support strengthening the background check system to make it more difficult for criminals and the mentally ill to purchase guns, I don't support universal background checks that would apply to private sales – gun transfers between family members, neighbors, and friends. Universal background checks would also create onerous paperwork requirements. The Schumer Bill passed the Judiciary Committee and will now go to the full Senate.  Assuming the Schumer Bill keeps its current form, I will oppose it on the Senate Floor as well.
Job well done by the members of the SC House of Reps who voted down Medicaid expansion yesterday.  Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion is chasing Fools Gold.
I'm abt to b on WMT radio.
JusticeDept not updated own FOIAregs since 03 even tho responsible to oversee Govt wide compliance- makes mockery Obama transparency pledge
Congratulations to Molly Phillips to head Iowa Public TV  and her good work there for several yrs   Her UNI student daughter is proud
Grassley plans meetings in Iowa during Easter recess of Senate
The budget process is moving forward for the first time in four years! #NoBudgetNoPay
 Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/Wo55Bk
ICYMI: Today I questioned U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs about the VA Claim Backlog facing Nevada veterans. Video: http://bit.ly/ZmOrRA
Proud to meet with Wishek-native Aaron Weber (left) and Bismarck-native Daniel Wassim (right) who are visiting our Nation’s Capital to participate as delegates in the prestigious U.S. Senate Youth Program (USSYP).  They’re both talented students who are serving as excellent representatives of ND.
“Today I join North Dakotans and Americans everywhere in welcoming the members of the 818th Engineer Company back home to the United States following the unit’s commendable service in Afghanistan. These soldiers served with tremendous courage and skill, and we are grateful to them – as well as their families – for the important work they have accomplished as well as their continued commitment to defending our nation.   “Today we also pause to remember the lives and service of Sgt. 1st Class Darren Linde and Spc. Tyler Orgaard who made the ultimate sacrifice while serving alongside their comrades during this deployment to Afghanistan. These brave men represent the very best of our state and our nation. We will remain forever grateful for their service and pledge never to forget them or their loved ones.”
"As a leader in the aerospace industry, it is fitting that Northrop Grumman is joining with UND, the leading school of aerospace in the nation, and our other partners to create, in essence, a technology park on the Grand Forks Air Force Base. The Grand Forks area is growing its economy with a special focus on UAS and aeronautics; Northrop Grumman is benefiting from the unique assets available at Grand Forks Air Force Base; and the Air Force is gaining valuable support for operations and activities at the base. Northrop Grumman will provide top-notch expertise in the unmanned aerial systems field, and Grand Forks Air Force Base will provide the perfect location to put the company’s vast knowledge and innovation to good use. This is the kind of innovative partnership that will help us continue to develop the Grand Forks region as the premier hub for unmanned aerial systems technology.”
Earlier this morning I joined Senators Ted Cruz, Mike Lee and Rand Paul in a press conference to discuss our amendment to the Continuing Resolution that would defund ObamaCare. My conservative colleagues and I in the Senate will not relent on our efforts to put an end to this destructive law.
 
 http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=63bce834-ec5d-d468-c304-443752c930bf&Region_id=&Issue_id=
Last week, Chairman Levin and I sent a letter to Defense Secretary Hagel expressing our concerns for the new Distinguished Warfare Medal, commonly called the Drone Medal. Giving this medal precedence above the Bronze Star and Purple Heart is a dishonor to our men and women who have risked their very lives serving in direct combat. Despite Hagel's original stance that the medal's ranking should remain, Assistant Secretary of Defense Liz King notified our Committee that Hagel has asked the Joint Chiefs to reconsider its ranking. I spoke with Jake Tapper of CNN on this issue yesterday: http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/world/2013/03/12/tsr-dnt-tapper-hybrid-drone-award.cnn
I was pleased to cosponsor Senator Cruz's amendment to defund Obamacare. You can watch my comments on the Senate floor here: http://youtu.be/kfOtRucPRxs
We were promised Obamacare would save money. Now we know it will cost money. In just two short years, the projected ten-year cost of the federal government’s health care takeover has ballooned from $940 billion to $1.76 trillion. We were promised it would help a struggling economy. Now we know it will smother the economy.
Top 10 examples of wasteful spending in the CR - the $1 trillion bill before Senate right now:  1. $65 million for Pacific salmon for states including Nevada. Flashback: Even the President agreed this deal is fishy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFcWz9eyovA  2. Directs the Defense Department to overpay on contracts by 5% (totaling $15 million) to Native Hawaiian-owned contractors –  outrageous spending while we’re cutting vital defense programs.  3. $154 million for military ‘alternative energy research,’ which last year paid $26/gallon for 450,000 gallons of alternative fuel.  4. Adds $15 million to the civilian Air Patrol while we are cutting US Air Force pilots’ flight hours by 18%.  5. $10 million for National Guard “STARBASE” and “Youth Challenge” programs while Air Force doesn’t fly & Navy doesn’t sail.  6. Prohibits retirement of C-23 aircraft which the Army asked to retire and every US governor declined to accept when offered the aircraft for free.  7. $120 million for infrastructure in Guam, which House and Senate Armed Services Committees specifically prohibited in the National Defense Authorization Bill.  8. $14.7 million for USDA Watershed Rehab - which the Administration has recommended eliminating for years. 9. $993,000 in grants to dig private wells for private property owners. Digging a deeper hole for taxpayers!  10. $10 million for USDA energy grants subsidizing electricity bills in Alaska and Hawaii.
Catholics across Kentucky and the entire U.S. celebrate the election of Pope Francis I, and I join Americans of all faiths to congratulate him on becoming the spiritual leader of the world’s more than one billion Catholics.
NA
Senator McConnell on Obamacare: "There's no way to fix this thing. It needs to be pulled out by its roots."
McConnell: ‘Here’s the thing: Republicans believe we should be growing the economy, not the government – and the House Republican budget reflects just those priorities. It’s a budget that does something else too: it actually balances. That’s important for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that it would help unleash economic growth and bring down our country’s massive debt load. Interest payments on the national debt alone are set to exceed everything we spend on defense in just a few years’ time, so the path we’re on clearly is not a sustainable one. With that in mind, I hope Democrats offer something serious tonight.’
Fox & Friends on the Red Tape Tower - nearly 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations.
Today I introduced an amendment to the Senate CR that would re-open the White House to the American people. My amendment would transfer $2.5 million from the TSA to the Secret Service to pay for the security staff necessary for White House tours for the remainder of FY 2013. TSA can absorb this cut – just last week they signed a $50 million contract for new outfits.  There is no reason why American taxpayers should spend more on TSA officers’ uniforms every year than a United States Marine Corps lieutenant is allowed to spend in a lifetime. The same taxpayers who are funding TSA officers’ new uniforms are being denied the opportunity to tour the White House – the people’s house.  We can and must be smarter with our spending decisions and make cuts in ways that do not intentionally and unnecessarily inflict hardship and aggravation upon the American people.
Last week, I heard from the American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars and Disabled American Veterans that there is a significant problem in regard to how the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs answers the concerns and claims of those who have served our country with duty and honor. I’ve also listened to countless stories from folks who wait months — and in some cases years — to have their claims make it through all the wickets of the VA, and this is unacceptable.   Today, I questioned the Undersecretary for Benefits for the Department of Veterans' Affairs regarding how the Administration is partnering with Veteran Service Organizations (VSO), the private sector, and seeking the inputs from their own personnel to determine the problems and resolve the backlog.    See me question the Undersecretary via the video linked here.
Today, I spoke at a press conference with Senator Pat Roberts and Representative Mike Kelly from Pennsylvania to introduce concurrent resolutions in the Senate and House opposing the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty (ATT). Next week, the Obama Administration will continue its reversal of the policies of both Presidents Clinton and Bush and engage in a new round of U.N. ATT negotiations in New York. 
 
 We must avoid a situation where the Administration, due to its continued willingness to negotiate, feels pressured to sign a treaty that violates our constitutional rights.
Today I had the chance to meet with the nominee to be the next Energy Secretary, Ernest Moniz.  We discussed how to intelligently promote research and breakthrough energy technologies for our nation’s energy future.
Here comes Aliy!
Mitch isn't getting older, he's getting better!  Mitch Seavey and his family continue to write new chapters in the Iditarod story.  Today's historic win makes him the oldest winner of the Last Great Race -- just a year after his son Dallas became the youngest champion ever.  Congratulations to Mitch Seavey and his team on this historic and hard fought win!
Congratulations to Mitch Seavey!
We are close to a winner in the Last Great Race- Mitch Seavey is within 3 miles of Nome!  Watch this historic Iditarod finish live on GCI cable channel 1 or online here:
This choice before us is really pretty simple: Are we going to implement gradual and pro-growth reforms now, or are we going to have to do drastic reforms later?
Met w/ Mayor Mallory this morning to discuss some topics important  to Cincinnati – not the least of which was the Red's April 1 home opener!
I stood alongside Sens. Mike Lee, Ted Cruz and Jim Inhofe at a press conference today in support of defunding Obamacare.   Watch here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vfRWjgXv80
I penned an op-ed for Policy Mic explaining the crucial role that Millennials play in the future of the Republican Party.   http://www.policymic.com/articles/29569/i-filibustered-to-defend-millennials
Today I voted in favor Sen. Ted Cruz's amendment to defund Obamacare, an overreaching, vague, and irresponsible law. http://goo.gl/5xq1i
Senator Jerry Moran and I had a great meeting today with the folks from the Southwest Kansas Coalition.  Always good to talk with folks from Garden City, Liberal, and Dodge City.
Today I joined Jerry Moran in standing up for U.S. Sovereignty and 2nd Amendment rights by again oppossing the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty.
Seven feet, three inches of Obamacare regulations. Sounds like a bad Country Western song.
On Senate Floor, Rubio Calls For Defunding ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/ZIU5NT
Sen. Marco Rubio tells Newsmax he is introducing two bills to gauge the impact of sweeping regulations proposed by the Obama administration, calling some of them “really devastating.”  Read more here: http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/rubio-obama-legislation-devastating/2013/03/12/id/494377#ixzz2NQwFYg4T
WATCH: Senator Shelby on his way to the Cruz amendment vote explains his support in this short clip: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRAWf2rpjtM&feature=youtu.be
NA
Sessions on Chairman Murray Budget Plan: Enriching The Bureaucracy At The Expense Of The People:  “Is it really possible that after four years, the majority has failed to identify any reforms? That all we have is just a tax-and-spend budget that makes no alteration to our dangerous debt course? Does the majority believe the government is perfect and requires no reform? … Is the Budget Committee of the United States Senate really prepared to say we cannot balance the federal budget? If that is so, it is a sad day in America…  I fear the majority’s plan will enrich the bureaucracy at the expense of the people… Every time attempts are made to reform government, they meet with the same response: the President and our Chairman and Senator Reid have attacked the reformers... Struggling citizens are being hurt every day by the Washington establishment that our colleagues seem determined to shield from accountability… We need to grow the economy, not the government.”
Today I voted to ensure health care decisions are made by patients and their doctors (not the government), as well as to stop hundreds of billions in new taxes.  http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=113&session=1&vote=00034
Learned about some very exciting cutting edge research going on in South Carolina from MUSC faculty members Dr. Mark Rubinstein and Dr. Adam Soloff
The Catholic Church is the largest charitable, healthcare and educational institution in the world, and the spiritual home to 1.2 billion Catholics around the globe. The new Holy Father Francis I has an immense task ahead of him and I pray that God will uphold him with strength, wisdom and courage to take on the challenges and beauty of his new role.
I'm headed to the Senate floor to support Senator Ted Cruz's amendment to defund Obamacare.
The 911th Airlift Wing will be preserved. It is gratifying that the Air Force leadership agreed with my contention all along that eliminating the 911th would not be cost effective. This is a victory for Pittsburgh, Southwest Pennsylvania and our long-term military preparedness.
Inspiring. Thank you for your service to our country, Mr. Borrelli.
Why is the USDA considering buying 400,000 tons of sugar? This is corporate welfare of big sugar companies funded by taxpayers. A government bailout of sugar producers will drive up prices of foods made with sugar. The result? Higher costs for everyone at the grocery store. This is unacceptable and I'll continue to push for commonsense, bipartisan sugar reform.
