The IRS is targeting conservative groups. The president called the deadly Benghazi attacks a “side show.” The Secretary of Health and Human Services is fundraising for ObamaCare from the very industries that she regulates. And now the Department of Justice is going after the Associated Press. Is this President Obama's second term agenda?
Kermit Gosnell has been convicted of three counts of first-degree murder. While justice has been served in Philadelphia, his conviction reaffirms the need for greater oversight at these facilities to prevent these tragedies from ever happening again. Unfortunately, a common-sense resolution that I supported last week in the Senate, which aimed to investigate and correct the policies that led to Gosnell’s disturbing practices, was blocked by Senate Democrats.   Click here to learn more: http://bit.ly/13fcBxI
The revelations over the weekend that the IRS has been intentionally targeting conservative groups are both disgraceful and inexcusable.  The deliberate harassment of any individual or organization for their political beliefs is absolutely unacceptable and threatens the very essence of our individual rights as protected by our Constitution.  While the IRS apologized for their actions on Friday, reports over the weekend demonstrate that much wider problems exist and that senior officials within the organization failed to correct the situation for nearly two years before the truth was finally revealed.  President Obama needs to come out immediately to condemn these practices in the harshest of terms and hold people accountable.  Where the administration has failed in protecting the public’s trust, my colleagues and I in Congress will work tirelessly to find answers, demand accountability, and restore trust in our institutions of government.
I'll be joining Dave Elswick, a little after 2 pm central, to talk about the Benghazi investigation and the IRS targeting conservative groups.
Johnson County Sheriff Jimmy Dorney is in Washington for National Police Week and to honor the sacrifice of former Johnson County Sheriff John Hall Powers who was killed in the line of duty in 1902. Powers' name will be added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial.
In the article below, the Washington Post highlights Orrin Hatch and my bill to repeal the health insurance tax that's included in Obamacare.
Weekly Op-Ed: I recently learned through news reports that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau allocated more than $20 million to collect and track spending habits of more than 10 million Americans.  This is concerning to me, and should be to any American with a credit card, checking or other financial account.  The Bureau was founded with a mission to watch out for American consumers, not watch them.   As Ranking Member of the Senate Banking Committee, I will continue to press for reforms to this agency so that consumers are guaranteed they are properly protected.
Did you see the great article about Sarah and Dustin Smiley in this week's PARADE Magazine?  Senator Collins was happy to have had dinner with this great family in Bangor.   We are thankful and proud of their service and sacrifice, just as we are of all American military families.
NA
VIDEO: Is This How We Define A Secure Border?
Obamacare isn't even fully implemented yet and it's already so short on funds HHS is going hat-in-hand to the private sector. So much for "Affordable Care Act."  We need to repeal this bill!
Recent reports of the IRS’ deliberate targeting of conservative organizations for scrutiny are alarming and outrageous. As the Washington Post editorial board rightly noted, "A bedrock principle of U.S. democracy is that the coercive powers of government are never used for partisan purpose." This behavior of IRS agency personnel is a serious betrayal of public trust and requires a full investigation to uncover how and why such inexcusable and unfair harassment of conservative taxpayers occurred. Those responsible must be held accountable – apologies just won't cut it.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/playing-politics-with-tax-records/2013/05/10/e36dfe5a-b9b7-11e2-aa9e-a02b765ff0ea_story.html
Payment Limits Reform Included in Chairwoman's "Mark"
Grassley Reminds Agencies of Key Whistleblower Protections, Seeks Compliance Details
From Elko Daily Free Press - "Sen. Heller takes IRS to task over targeting conservative groups" http://bit.ly/166Z6HB
Reports of the IRS deliberately targeting conservative groups are disturbing and contradictory to the fundamental American values of liberty and freedom - the very values the government is designed to protect. I and my colleagues are committed to holding those responsible for this behavior accountable.
The Gosnell case has always been about more than one man. It’s about an unaccountable industry that for too long has preyed upon the vulnerable and the innocent. We must take steps in coming months and years to end the decades of corruption and violence in America's late-term abortion industry. Whatever our views on abortion rights, we can all agree no one has the right to operate an unsanitary, unsafe abortion clinic, and government at all levels has a compelling interest in protecting innocent women and children from anyone who would.
The IRS audit scandal should not be dismissed as just another conflict between left and right; it is a conflict between the federal government and the American people, who -- regardless of their political leanings -- should be free to exercise their constitutionally protected rights without fear of political retribution from the world's most powerful tax-collection agency:
EXCLUSIVE: McConnell: IRS Revelations 'Just The Beginning' shar.es/ZaVc0 via @BreitbartNews
I will speak on the Senate floor shortly about the startling revelations of intentional targeting of groups based on their political leanings by the IRS. Please tune in on C-Span 2.
There is no question: the Arctic is opening up.  Today, before I represent Congress at the Arctic Council, I introduced amendments to make sure Alaska’s ports and harbors are ready for the increased maritime traffic.
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow moms in Alaska and around the world!
Saw the ruling in Gosnell case – a tragic case that needs further investigation to be sure it never happens again.
The IRS scandal is NOT a joke...Like and share if you agree  http://roberts.senate.gov
If businesses don't donate money to implement Obamacare, what is next? IRS review? http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/13/us/politics/health-secretary-raises-funds-for-health-care-law.html
Senator Rubio Statement On The First Degree Murder Conviction Of Kermit Gosnell: http://1.usa.gov/17Y8J90
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Prevent IRS From Abusing Its Powers To Violate 1st Amendment Rights: http://1.usa.gov/15GL8fx
Myth vs. Fact: Immigration Bill Does Not Create Massive National Database Of  Americans: http://1.usa.gov/19jKh0x
Rubio To Lew: American People Deserve Answers, IRS Head Must Resign: http://1.usa.gov/10E81sc
NA
Sessions delivered the commencement address on Saturday to the University of Mobile. Here is an excerpt:  "Each generation in America has been handed from their fathers and mothers a legacy of freedom, justice and opportunity... It is now on your shoulders to safeguard that birthright, to build on it and to pass it on to the next generation of sons and daughters.”
The IRS targeting conservative groups is unacceptable. At least three Congressional committees will investigate.
March 27, 2013
February 19, 2013
February 19, 2013
February 1, 2013
My press secretary, Steve Kelly, attended the Buddy Walk at Manor church in Lancaster County. Thanks to Celebrate Down Syndrome Inc for putting on this important event.
Very pleased to help the Greater Carlisle Area Chamber of Commerce celebrate their 100th anniversary.
Whether you are conservative, liberal, libertarian, or any other political persuasion, you should be concerned that the IRS was targeting specific groups for extra scrutiny and intimidation. It is very troubling that the President hasn't swiftly condemned such efforts, which warrant a congressional investigation and an apology to those who were targeted. The IRS's actions are akin to an enemies list and further contribute to the deep cynicism that many Americans have about the government.
In Carlisle, with Major General Anthony Cucolo, 49th Commandant of the U.S. Army War College.
