NA
Speaking at Merrimack Rotary breakfast this morning
An interesting recent study found that Senate Republicans “are the most prolific social media users in Congress.” Thanks to all of you for being part of the conversation online.
Great news out of Fort Smith today! Health Management Associates is opening an Arkansas Regional Service Center in the community which is expected to create more than 500 local jobs.
Earlier this week, the United Nations agreed to the Arms Trade Treaty. Disappointingly, but not surprisingly, the Obama Administration voted in support of the misguided treaty. I will fight against ratification. Read more by following the link below.
Senator Coats and Congresswoman Susan Brooks with the Indiana chapter of The Campaign to Fix the Debt.
News Release: Today, I joined several of my colleagues in a letter to U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) reaffirming my opposition to any legislation that would restrict American’s Second Amendment rights.  This right was given to us by our founders and has been consistently upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court.  I will continue to make sure law-abiding Idahoans do not have their rights infringed upon.
Congratulations to Peter Ackerman, an 11th grade student at Cony High School in Augusta.  Peter is a Third Prize winner in  C-SPAN's national 2013 StudentCam competition.  He interviewed Sen. Collins about student loans and the high cost of a college education.  You can watch Peter's video here: http://bit.ly/ZaRjiv
Houston Chron: Cornyn: Prosecutors Should be Permitted to Carry Concealed Weapons in Workplace:
Daily Caller: Cornyn Seeks Clarification on Gun Laws in Wake of Texas DA Murders:
The Hill: After Killings, Cornyn Moves to Ensure Prosecutors Can Carry Guns:
Wash Post: Cornyn: Let Fed Prosecutors Carry Guns on the Job:
Cornyn Statement on Napolitano Trip to Houston:
Cornyn: "Prosecutor safety should start with enabling them to defend themselves from violent attack:"
Cornyn: Self-Defense Policies Must Be Strengthened For Federal Prosecutors:
More evidence Sec. Napolitano misguided on border security
Great to speak with concerned citizens in Midland about the fight to repeal Obamacare and get our nation's fiscal house in order.
Congratulations to my friend Jim DeMint for his first day as The Heritage Foundation President. Looking forward to a new era of bold, conservative leadership!
Speaking with the Abilene Chamber of Commerce about pushing policies that encourage growth to solve our country's economic problems.
SHARE if you agree the government should cut extravagant parties at the White House — not cancer treatment for Medicare patients.
Folks in Lubbock know that the number one thing the government can do for health care is get out of the way!
Today, I joined my colleagues on the Environment and Public Works Committee in sending a letter to the EPA questioning its decision to release the personal information of private citizens to environmental groups. The EPA’s actions demonstrate blatant disregard for the personal privacy of small businesses owners, farmers, and ranchers. Read our letter requesting answers here:   http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/4/fischer-vitter-epa-giving-out-personal-information-of-private-citizens-to-environmental-groups
Enjoyed my visit to Bellevue University and was very impressed with their online program which allows our servicemen and women to take classes while overseas. Nebraska is fortunate to have strong academic institutions that provide programs to meet the needs of our graduate and undergraduate veterans, active-duty, and reservist students.
Have you submitted your ideas on how to cut the red tape of overregulation yet? I recently launched a forum for Nebraskans to help address the need for comprehensive regulatory reform. Read my column to learn how to send me your comments and suggestions to roll back regulations:
Department of Labor frustrates Grassley
51ppl Van Buren Co hospital. Qs abt EPAregs, Monsanto farm chemicals, 5%salary cut for Congress, Guns, sequestration, Foreign aid
89ppl- Burlington Kiwanis. Qs abt tax, sequester, NKorea, debt, no budget for three years, SocSecurity
69 students/teachers- Ft Madison HS. Qs abt getting into politics, Senate, Guns, Obamacare, debt, budg,military/college, drones, term limits
Grassley Visits Oskaloosa On 99 County Tour | Oskaloosa News
Grassley Seeks CMS Timeline, Communications on Key Policy Decision Affecting Investors
We Have Right to Know Who Lobbys Congress: Grassley: Video
Grassley fields questions in Oskaloosa
32ppl at Wapello town mtg- Qs abt SocSecurity, DHS bullets, UNgun treaty, Guns, health insurance, Obamacare, budget, ForeignAid, farm bill
Senator Grassley, Congresswoman Slaughter React to GAO Report On Political Intelligence
Tip on Policy Shift Jolted Health Shares
76ppl at Washington co. TownMtg-Qs abt guns, drones, Sequester, VA, Benghazi, Obama vacations, UNtreaty on guns, Animal Welfare Act, Immigr.
Auditor Vaught will be greatly missed in IA b/c his willingness 2speak out 4fiscal responsibility. Did Xcellent job& I'm sorry to see him go
Congressmen again seek answers on Fearless Distributing gun sting
Senator: Hospitals profited on drugs for poor, uninsured
NA
NA
45 years ago today we lost Dr. Martin Luther King; we will never forget his legacy and teachings.
The White House that is closed for tours to the general public is still open for A-list celebrities.  Meanwhile, the administration is using the sequester to cut cancer treatment for Medicare patients. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/04/03/cancer-clinics-are-turning-away-thousands-of-medicare-patients-blame-the-sequester/
Like and share this article by Senator Marco Rubio that explains his opposition to the gun control proposals that have been proposed in the Senate.   From the article: "Washington’s primary role is to protect the rights of law-abiding citizens, not to restrict them in pursuit of political agendas that, by their own admission, don’t actually solve the problem they set out to fix in the first place.  When they began their current terms, the president and members of Congress swore an oath to protect the entire Constitution, including the Second Amendment. This includes defending parts of it that they – for whatever reason – may disagree with. We don’t get to pick and choose which parts we’d like to protect, nor do we get to recast the intentions of the original text to fit our own ideologies."
Great piece by my old friend and former Arizona Attorney General, Grant Woods:
This week, it was great visiting COF Training Services in Ottawa. COF is a not-for-profit social services organization that empowers individuals with disabilities. During my visit, I received a pencil drawing from one of the community members and visited with board members.
Congratulations to Anthony Schmeideler and Jennifer Thornton, recipients of the first-ever KU Wounded Warrior Scholarship. They and their families have made great sacrifices on behalf of our country. I am proud to see Anthony and Jennifer welcomed into the University of Kansas community.
I paid tribute to my mom while driving through Greenwood County today, and stopped at a stone marker in Lamont. It commemorates her graduation from Lamont High School, which is no longer there.
Lori and Mikayla Bartlett provide entertainment at the annual meeting of the Pittsburg Family YMCA celebrating 126 years of service building Strong Kids, Strong Families and Strong Communities. Great to join you tonight.
I, along so many Alaskans, am watching the news out of North Korea very closely.  Our state would be the first American soil within range of any missile which is why it is so important that our defenses at Fort Greely are ramping back up. We are the nation’s first line of defense and should be empowered to protect American lives.
The heat of Texas has nothin’ on a Fairbanks winter!  Vote now for the Golden Heart City in the Weather Channel’s “Toughest Weather City Tournament”
Youngstown State University signed a research agreemnt with a Korean school with help from the Youngstown/Warren Regional Chamber. It's a win-win for the Valley.
I will be speaking at this event in support of the Freedom to Fish Act, legislation I have co-sponsored that would keep the Army Corps of Engineers from restricting access to the tailwater areas of the Cumberland River. Sens. Mitch McConnell, Lamar Alexander and I, along with Rep. Ed Whitfield and many local leaders, are fighting to keep these areas open for boating and fishing. I hope you can join us on Sat., Apr. 13 at Barkley Dam!
Huge congratulations to Emporia State students Ryan Wash and Elijah Smith for winning the National Debate Tournament and the Cross Examination Debate Association national tournament. Emporia State University is the first program to have a team capture both titles in the same season. Well done!
ICYMI: Rubio: Why I Support the Second Amendment -- and Democrats Should Too
Sen. Sessions will appear LIVE on WSFA in Montgomery at 4:05 p.m. CT. You can watch here:
Sen. Sessions is in-studio with Greg Budell now on 93.1 FM in Montgomery. You can listen live here:
Sessions will be live, in-studio with Dan Morris at 2:40 PM CT. You can listen live here:
Click here to view Sen. Sessions' remarks in Enterprise from earlier this week:
Sen. Sessions, during a visit to Reliable Products in Geneva, discussed the importance of manufacturing to the local economy:
Great conversation with WHTM-TV's Dennis Owens on the government's harmful sugar policy. By keeping the cost of sugar high, this taxpayer funded bailout hurts confectioners and consumers in Pennsylvania and across the country. Time for serious reform.
My regional manager for northwest Pennsylvania, Sheila Sterrett, and Representative Mike Kelly toured the Telemedicine Program at the Children’s Hospital Specialty Care Center at the Shriners Hospital for Children of Erie. Telemedicine allows health care experts to extend treatment to children in rural areas, oftentimes at a great distance from health care facilities.
My regional manager for southwest Pennsylvania, Katelyn King, presents an American flag to the Red, White and Blue Crew in Indiana County. They'll carry it when they run in the Dick's Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon.
