NA
I introduced a bipartisan bill that would protect America’s utilities from unfair environmental fines or citizen lawsuits when the government forces them to operate for reliability purposes, and provide certainty to the people responsible for keeping the lights on. http://1.usa.gov/1nUkUxo 
Enjoyed meeting with Major General Smith today to talk about the partnership between U.S. Army Fort Leonard Wood and the Springfield-Branson airport, which, according to Maj. Gen. Smith, “gives us access to special parts of the airport, allows our soldiers to train there,” and “provides…a lot of capabilities for not only Missouri, but the nation.” Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/UfznrO
Congratulations to Arkansas National Guardsman Spc. Ryan L. Montgomery who earned the national title of Army National Guard’s “Soldier of the Year.” I wish him luck as he competes in the Department of the Army Best Warrior Competition. Arkansas is proud of you! This marks the third year in a row that an Arkansan has won the competition.
I am deeply saddened to learn an Indiana University student was among those aboard Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17. Please keep her family in your prayers.
Meeting with Hoosier tourism leaders this morning at one of our state's premier destinations, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
NA
In Mission today to get an update on the crisis on our southern border - receiving briefing from Border Patrol on crossing sites on the Rio Grande
Senator Corker released the following statement today regarding reports that three of the companies offering insurance policies in the federal health care marketplace in Tennessee have requested to raise rates for their exchange plans in 2015:  “My heart goes out to the many families and business owners across the state coping with rising health care costs, and I’m hopeful the Senate might finally be allowed to debate ways to provide relief from the damaging effects of this law, including solutions to free up the marketplace so affordable plans that meet the actual needs of Tennesseans can openly and effectively compete for their business,” said Corker. “The president’s health care bill was sold to Tennesseans and the country as a way to bring down health care costs, yet it has done just the opposite as we continue to see double digit increases in the cost of plans.”  BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee (BCBST) – the only health insurance provider to offer a policy in all 95 Volunteer State counties in 2014 – is requesting to raise rates by an average of 19 percent for its exchange plans in 2015. Cigna is requesting an average rate increase of 7.5 percent, and Humana has requested to raise rates by an average of 14.4 percent. During the health care law’s 2014 open enrollment period, 88 percent of Tennesseans chose a BCBST health insurance plan.
An update on the latest in the fight to #StopObamasAmnesty, to stop the Democrats' #FaithFines against religious organizations, and to #Stand4Life. Read and SHARE:
What kind of “investigation" was DOJ running if they only found out about the “lost” #IRS emails “on the news”? #SpecialProsecutorNow
Democratic Republic of the Congo’s prohibition of international adoptions, protecting knife owners traveling across state lines, blocking the EPA’s takeover of your water and more in this week’s Enzi Insider!
National Day of the American Cowboy is officially July 26! Senator Barrasso and I introduced a resolution that the Senate unanimously passed yesterday to honor the accomplishments and contributions of cowboys across the nation. U.S. Senator Craig Thomas started this tradition of naming the fourth Saturday in July “National Day of the American Cowboy” in 2005 and the day coincides each year with Cheyenne Frontier Days. Since Thomas’ passing, we have continued the tradition in honor of his legacy.
The Endangered Species Act has long been a sore spot for states. Their expertise in managing species within their borders is often ignored and the data used to justify a listing is not always disclosed. This week I was joined by Senators John Barrasso, Pat Roberts, and John Thune in introducing a bill that would give states the voice they need to make sure endangered species are protected and that what’s happening on the ground is not ignored by Washington. We should embrace a state’s experience instead of running from it.
Hamas=terrorist org 4 destruction of Israel. Israel defending against Unprovoked attacks/Israel hs right 2defend citizens& survival of State
If at first u don't succeed sky diving is not for u
“We’ve been working hard to provide our communities with the tools they need to protect themselves, and that includes making important investments in our flood control infrastructure. These funds will help continue the important work of the Pembina County Water Resource District to update Renwick Dam, providing added protection for Cavalier and other nearby communities.”
“Our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job and we need to do all that we can to support their hard work. As USDA works to implement the farm bill, they need to hear directly from our producers to ensure that these programs work on the ground. USDA officials will be in Fargo later this month and I encourage our producers to make their voices heard.”
I appreciate the Chickasha Chamber of Commerce for hosting a lunch today to talk with community leaders on the latest in Congress. Most questions I received were on the unaccompanied alien children (UAC) who are living at Fort Sill. The Administration has made no indication that the children's stay will end anytime soon, which concerns me with how this could soon impede on the base’s responsibility to house and train new recruits. We also discussed the recent developments with the potential shoot down of the Malaysian plane flying over Ukraine. It’s extremely important the United States is involved in this investigation, and it’s time Europe steps up and imposes sanctions on Russia that signals Putin’s military assistance to pro-Russian separatists is not acceptable and will not be tolerated.
Take a look at Senator Johnson's newsletter to see what he has been up to this week.
I spoke with John Berman on CNN's AT This HOUR today in support of additional sanctions on Russian energy sector to end support of rebels in Ukraine.  WATCH HERE: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1146
The recent attempt by Senate Democrats to restrict our First Amendment rights is disturbing on its face and raises questions as to where lines will be drawn.  The Democrats' proposed constitutional amendment is strikingly broad.  It would give Congress power to restrict the raising and spending of money in connection with any effort to influence the outcome of an election.  At the same time, the language of the proposed amendment provided that it would have no impact on the freedom of press.  Is it really an improvement to the Bill of Rights to single out one category of Americans -- those who own and operate media companies -- to enjoy the full protections of the First Amendment, while granting Congress broad discretion to restrict the rights of others?
I enjoyed attending the ribbon cutting for Referral Hawks Networking Northeast KS along with the Lawrence Chamber of Commerce. Referral Hawks is a nonprofit networking association that works with high character individuals by emphasizing friendship, business coaching, education and motivation. Organizations like Referral Hawks are crucial to making certain communities remain strong across Kansas and the nation. Here, I'm pictured with Lawrence Chamber President Larry McElwain and Lawrence Board of Realtors President Susan Bonham.
This morning I saw a 7 year old girl from Ecuador—she does not know where her parents are.  She’s traveling with no one. How did she get here? We have a humanitarian issue before us. We have to deal with these children, with these families, in a humane way. We have to be fair in all aspects of this situation, but that humanitarian way is also addressing this in a quick and efficient manner, while making sure there is a level of due process.
Good to talk with my colleague John Cornyn over some lunch. As the Senior Senator from Texas, he is very knowledgeable on this border situation.
Talking with the border patrol officers about the ways that the federal government could help them better do their job.  One thing they say: they cannot get clearance to build roads closer to the Southern border.
I'm at the Customs and Border Protection facility in McAllen,- the busiest station in the country - and Chief Patrol Agent Kevin Oaks is explaining their operations and challenges - with over 3,000 permanent agents working here alone.
Today I'm in McAllen, TX to see firsthand the conditions on the Southern border and I'm starting off the day by listening to the Mayor of McAllen, JIm Darling, who is sharing with us how his town is handling the flow of unaccompanied children.
Inspired by the work of the men & women at the GM Lordstown plant and proud to support them as a chair of the Senate Auto Caucus. The team there is producing a world-class car in a world-class production facility.
The National Taxpayer Union Foundation has tallied all of the proposals I have supported in 2013 to cut spending, and it adds up to more than $205 billion in savings for the taxpayer. Over the last three Congresses, I have supported almost half a trillion in savings.
Rubio On Malaysia Airlines Attack: Russian Aggression Has Brought Us To This Point : http://1.usa.gov/1yDiiYc  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the attack on Malaysia Airlines flight MH17:   “The attack on Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 is a senseless act. I mourn the loss of innocent life, including at least one American and citizens from so many allies and friends of the United States. I agree with President Obama that there should be an independent investigation, but this is not just about an investigation or securing the crash site.   “Even as we investigate the source of the missile system involved and what support was provided to those who fired it, we need to remember that Vladimir Putin’s unlawful annexation of Crimea and his ongoing efforts to destabilize Ukraine have brought us to this point and have now cost the lives of nearly 300 innocent civilians.   “As I said earlier this week after President Obama announced the latest round of U.S. sanctions against Russia, American officials continue to issue hollow threats, while Russia sows instability as it flagrantly violates Ukraine’s sovereignty by providing weapons and assistance to separatists.   “This horrific event is a terrible reminder of why clear, decisive and morally unambiguous American leadership is so desperately needed in the world. It is time for the United States and our allies to impose sectoral sanctions on President Putin and his government, especially against the energy, defense and banking sectors, and significantly increase our support, including lethal assistance, to the Government of Ukraine which has shown itself to be the only responsible actor throughout this crisis. The civilized world cannot continue to stand idly by while these types of flagrant violations of basic humanity and international order continue.” 
An excerpt from Sen. Sessions' remarks about Microsoft lobbying for large guest worker expansions while laying of its domestic workforce en masse:  “[Bill Gates] questions whether the members of Congress who don't pass laws like he wants on immigration are honoring their duty to the 300 million Americans that we collectively represent.  I feel a deep duty to the millions of Alabamians I represent and the whole country, and I do my best every day to ask what’s in their interest. And as far as I’m concerned… those three billionaires [Gates, Buffett, Adelson] have three votes. The individual who works stocking the shelves at the grocery store, the barber, the doctor, the lawyer, the cleaners operator, [and] the person who picks up our garbage are every bit as valuable as they are. So I know who I represent. I represent citizens of the United States of America…”
I firmly believe that we must rein in our out-of-control federal spending, and supported legislation that would cut $138 billion in wasteful spending in 2013 alone.  Read more here: http://www.ntu.org/on-capitol-hill/billtally/113th-congress-first-session/tim-scott.html
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletter. Please share! Thank you and have a great weekend!
#Israel has the right to defend its citizens and ensure its survival – without qualification. There is no moral equivalency here. Israel must be able to protect itself from rocket attacks without the global community imposing some double standard.
You don’t shoot a plane out of the sky at 33,000 feet without some very sophisticated hardware. #MH17
My state director, Col. Bob DeSousa, at the Pennsylvania state convention of the American Legion this morning.
Heartbroken at the loss of life from the shooting down of a civilian airliner in Ukraine. Praying for the families. #MH17
NA
