Last week, Sen. Alexander met with members of Autism Speaks. From left to right: Michelle Todd, Shelley Hendrix, Liz Feld, Lorri Unumb, Daniel Unumb and Robert Okun.
After years of hard work, I am very proud to see the Drug Quality and Security Act sent to the President to be signed into law. This bipartisan bill reflects a collaborative effort to secure our nation's pharmaceutical drug supply, giving patients renewed confidence in its safety and security.  I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their hard work and steadfast commitment to seeing this process through to the end.
North Carolinians continue to suffer under #Obamacare – when will the President face reality and scrap this #trainwreck for commonsense, patient-centered reforms?
Weekly Op-Ed: Each year, on Veterans Day, as we honor the men and women who protect our freedoms, I have the great honor of awarding some of these remarkable individuals with the Spirit of Freedom: Idaho Veterans Service Award.  Since November of 2002 when the first Spirit of Freedom Awards were presented, 186 Spirit of Freedom Awards have been bestowed.  I am always inspired by the remarkable individuals we have living in our communities.  We are blessed to live and work among those who are continually thinking about how they can help ease the challenges others face  They commit precious time and resources to helping others and strengthening our nation.  They make a difference in the lives of those they assist and those they move to follow their examples of selfless service.
Senator Corker today made the following statement after the Senate passed legislation to make injections of compounded sterile drugs safer. “The improved oversight included in this legislation will help prevent another deadly meningitis outbreak that infected hundreds of Americans and killed 16 Tennesseans in 2012.  I thank Senator Alexander for his leadership on this issue and hope the president will quickly sign these reforms into law,” said Corker.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1aCeGdG
Not only is a #FullRepeal of Obamacare still in the cards, it is what we must do.
Today I spoke with Fox News’ Gretchen Carlson about the Administration’s broken health care promises. More people have lost their health care coverage than have enrolled in the exchanges, including more than 3,000 who lost their coverage in Wyoming. Those are not results worthy of the American people. As I said three years ago when I fought to stop it, Obamacare is terribly flawed and would cause people to lose coverage they liked.
At noon (Wyoming time) today I plan to go on FOX News Channel’s The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson. I’ll chat with her about some Obamacare history.
More than 4.2 million Americans have now received cancellation letters from their healthcare providers because of Obamacare. The law’s burdensome mandates have resulted in soaring monthly premiums, higher deductibles, and millions of Americans forced out of their current coverage. Brian’s story is one of the thousands I have received from Nebraskans disappointed in Obamacare’s litany of broken promises.
Deployed US Seaman to marry high school sweetheart in Reno-Tahoe International Airport via ABC News: http://abcn.ws/1jhihjg
I never thought we would face sequestration after the President had already cut $467 billion out of our national security budget, and now the military is facing a rapid decline in its capability to perform at maximum potential. The longer we allow military readiness to decline the more money and time it will take to rebuild. We have fallen victim to the misguided belief that as the wars of today wind down, we can afford to cut investments in national security. I remember when defending America always had priority over everything. My top priorities include finding a long term solution to ending defense sequestration and protecting the readiness of our military, and I will fight for this as we work to pass the NDAA in the Senate: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doGHIGC5Nq4&feature=youtu.be
Earlier today, I had an informative meeting with Vice Chair Janet Yellen on issues important to #Illinois and our country.
Congress has a constitutional responsibility to ensure that our system of intellectual property "promotes the progress of science and the useful arts."  Our patent system must protect legitimate property rights and encourage innovation.  Recently, we have seen increased abuse of the patent system in a way that actually discourages innovation and growth of the economy.  Learn more about the legislation I introduced with Senator Patrick Leahy today to protect businesses and innovators from abuses in the patent system:
The actions of MF Global harmed investors and jeopardized confidence in the security of financial markets. The $1.2 billion restitution fine and $100 million civil penalty announced today are important steps in restoring trust in markets and making certain bad actors in our financial system face appropriate consequences. Farmers, ranchers and investors will soon learn that their long-overdue funds have been ordered to be restored, but they should also know this is not the end of the story.   The CFTC continues litigation with former-MF Global chairman Jon Corzine and other senior management in pursuit of justice. Nothing can undo the damage to these segregated account holders caused by the actions of MF Global. But I am hopeful the actions of the court today begin to repair some of the trust in the futures market that was lost when MF Global filed for bankruptcy.
Over the weekend in Northwest Kansas, I stopped in Stockton and enjoyed visiting with Kansans at the post office, public library, Stockton National Bank, K-State Extension Office, Webster's Supermarket and Shirley May's Deli. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
It was good to be with many Kansans in Overland Park today for the Israel Action Forum to visit about current events in the Middle East and how they impact the United States and our allies. The most talked about topic today was Iran, whose continued pursuit of nuclear weapons threatens the United States and Israel. Secretary of State Kerry briefed me last week about the negotiations with Iran. I believe pressure should be increased to force Iran to abandon its pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Ted Stevens was an amazing man, and he still inspires me every day.  Everyone knew when Ted put his Hulk tie on he meant business and he would fight for Alaska with every fiber of his being.  I keep these things on my desk in DC to remind me to invoke a little bit of Ted’s passion when I head to the Senate floor.  We still have a lot of work to do for Alaska and I know Uncle Ted is still helping us do it.
Today would have been Senator Ted Stevens’ 90th birthday, and I miss him every day.  Ted meant so much to so many and it seems almost every Alaskan has a story about how Uncle Ted touched their lives.  Last week, I shared a story about his commitment to fitness with the United States Olympic Committee.  What’s your Uncle Ted Story?
Millions of Kentuckians and Americans are now facing the consequences of Obamacare, including dropped coverage and higher premiums. How has Obamacare affected you, your family, or small business?   Please share your story with us by taking a few minutes to fill out the form found HERE: http://www.republican.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=your-story
Kentucky high school students- Would you like to work with Senators as we actively debate and vote on legislation?   Apply to the Senate Page Program: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=page_program
Promising news for McConnell Air Force Base. I would add to the headline: McConnell has received more awards over the past 16 months than all other Air Mobility bases combined.
FOX News discusses Senator Rubio's bill to repeal ObamaCare's risk corridors:
Sen. Sessions sent a letter today to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew regarding tax credits provided to SolarCity, a solar energy company that has lost over $300 million since 2008, warning of the possibility that the company could become the next Solyndra. Here is an excerpt from the letter:   “The financial pressures related to a private company’s survival should not cause the federal government to modify its policies or place additional taxpayer money at risk… There is concern that SolarCity might become the next Solyndra—a company propped on the back of the taxpayers.”
Thank you to Jessica Andrews of Goose Creek for this week's cover photo--sunset over Sullivan's Island.  This is our South Carolina.
It is always an honor to meet Pennsylvania's veterans.
Great visit with Blair County veterans at the VFW in Duncansville last Friday. I'm grateful to have received the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve award for efforts to help them get good-paying jobs after they leave the service.
Attention Philly vets and families: the Battleship New Jersey Museum and Memorial is hosting a Thanksgiving Day meal for homeless vets, just over the bridge.
This past weekend, my Constituent Service Advocate, Imani Johnson, attended a meeting at Cheyney University of Pennsylvania with Professor Mathilde Mukantabana, Ambassador for Rwanda to the United States.
CBS: #Obamacare "failures could lead to identity theft among [those] buying insurance." Please be advised.
NA
NA
Wicker Report | One of the less-publicized figures in the employment report is the labor force participation rate, which measures the percentage of working-age Americans who are employed or actively looking for a job.  In October, this telling metric dropped to its weakest level in over 35 years – a dreadful 62.8 percent.  During a true economic recovery, the labor rate would be rising, not falling to a level last seen during Jimmy Carter’s second year in the White House.  Today, a record 91.5 million Americans are not included in the labor force.
