Sens. Alexander and McCain with Captain Perry S. Cloud and his family at Fort Campbell shortly after McCain presented the Purple Heart to Captain Cloud, who was wounded during a tour of duty in Afghanistan. http://1.usa.gov/1ajLb16
I'll be on CNN's "State of the Union" Sunday morning at 7 am MT with Candy Crowley to talk about Obamacare.
There is severe weather expected in Indiana. Marsha and I are praying that all Hoosiers are safe during these storms. Here are some tips and resources to help you and your family prepare and stay informed:  -Decide in advance where you and your family will go during a tornado.   -Put as many walls and floors as possible between you and the storm.   -Subscribe to alerts so you can be notified of severe weather heading your way. The National Weather Service has a list of alert subscriptions here or you can subscribe to alerts through your local news stations. http://www.weather.gov/subscribe  -Follow FEMA on Twitter. https://twitter.com/FEMA  -Follow FEMA on Facebook. http://www.facebook.com/FEMA
Senator Collins with Bananas celebrating UMaine's victory over Rhode Island, clinching the CAA championship!  Go Blue!
Happy 34th wedding anniversary to Sandy Cornyn, my wonderful wife
Join us in celebrating Senator Jim Inhofe's birthday today by sign his virtual card and wishing him a Happy Birthday below. 
 
 Sincerely,
 Inhofe staff
My prayers are with #IL families who were affected by this morning's tornadoes. Please stay safe as dangerous conditions continue.
While in Hays yesterday, Robba and I joined members of my staff to celebrate the marriage of Aaron and Chelsey Ladd. Chelsey assists Kansans who are experiencing difficulties with Social Security, Medicare, veterans’ affairs or have other concerns regarding federal issues. Congrats!
Today, while home in Anchorage, I stopped by the School Counselor Association Conference to talk about some of the tough stuff our kids are dealing with these days: bullying, new learning challenges -- and especially youth suicide.  We have already lost too many of our young people to the epidemic of suicide, and we must find a constructive solution.  While there are no easy answers,  I know it is going to take all of us coming together to figure out how to stop this.
Today Senator Moran and I had the opportunity to visit with 250 members of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) in Overland Park about the safety and security of both the United States and Israel.
Our prayers are with the Midwest after today's devastating tornadoes.
