After weeks of claiming he could and would make the decision regarding military action in Syria on his own, the president's announcement today marks an astonishing change of course. While congressional approval is the best course of action and the right thing to do, it would have been the right course of action months ago.
The president's decision to set a "red line" with Syria while failing to have a long-term strategy in place unfortunately has left the U.S. without any good options. I am pleased, however, that President Obama is seeking authorization from Congress for potential military action in Syria so the American people can have a voice in this debate. I will be traveling across Indiana next week to hear from Hoosiers so I can take their views back to Washington. I will continue to urge the administration to work with our friends and allies on a comprehensive strategy to address the broader challenges throughout the region.
PHOTO: Inspiring to see the resilience of the people of West as we celebrated Westfest today. A true example of the Texas spirit. Was privileged to present replacement war medals to longtime resident Robert Fleming who lost his medals in the explosion.
Today I'm calling on Pres. Obama to bring Congress back for a vote before any military action in Syria
NYT: He should know - "Mr. [Ryan] Crocker said, is to figure out a response that leaves the Syrians, the region and the United States in a better position rather than entangled in another messy conflict with an uncertain outcome."
Colin Powell's speech on WMD in Iraq bears remarkable resemblance to John Kerry's comments on WMD in Syria.  What the WH needs to explain is:  How does this end?
POTUS: Action in Syria would be "limited, narrow."  But would it be effective?
Senator Corker today made the following statement after President Obama asked for congressional authorization to take military action against the Assad regime in Syria. “I am very pleased that the president has listened to the suggestion we and many others have made to bring this authorization to Congress. At this point in our country’s history, this is absolutely the right decision, and I look forward to seeing what the Administration brings forward and to a vigorous debate on this important authorization. Further, now that the president has decided to use force and seek authorization, it is imperative that he immediately begins using every ounce of his energy to make his case to the American people,” said Corker.
In an op-ed in today’s "The Tennessean," Senator Corker writes about the connection between America’s role in the world and our way of life here at home. "…In addition to security, smart U.S. engagement internationally also makes Tennessee and the nation more prosperous. The U.S. represents just 4.5 percent of the global population, but our country generates 22 percent of the world’s economic activity. Foreign-owned companies, like Volkswagen in Chattanooga, employ more than 112,000 Tennesseans, while trade supports 21 percent of the state’s workforce. These long-term, transformative investments in our communities can only occur by the U.S. maintaining its engagement through free-trade policies supported, in part, by our diplomatic relations with foreign nations. For these reasons, our unique and critical leadership role in the world cannot be idled or abdicated." Read more: http://tnne.ws/148mXGz.
My thoughts and prayers go out to Harris County DA Mike Anderson's friends and family in this very difficult time.
I commend President Obama for listening to bi-partisan calls for him to seek congressional authority before any possible use of force against Syria. Given that the President did not request an emergency session of Congress, that must mean that he agrees there is no imminent threat requiring the Commander in Chief to act without consulting the representatives of the American people.  I remain concerned that the mission proposed by the President is not in furtherance the vital national security interests of the United States. To date I have heard a great deal from the administration about punishing Bashir al-Assad for violating an “international norm” through the use of chemical weapons, and that this is why we must act against him. Abstract notions about international norms should never displace U.S. sovereignty to act, or refuse to act, for our national security.  Assad’s murderous actions have claimed the lives of more than a hundred thousand of his own people, which is a humanitarian tragedy. But our chief strategic concern should not be international norms; it should be preventing the chemical weapons from falling into the hands of al Qaeda or other terrorists who might use them against us and our allies.  It is now incumbent upon President Obama to make his case and persuade Congress that his plan is necessary, and the best course to preserve our security and protect our liberties. Like the President, I welcome this debate and I agree this is an issue of the highest seriousness that transcends partisan politics.
Great to join the Defending the American Dream Summit this afternoon to speak on the most important step in restoring economic growth we can take -- stopping Obamacare.  In the coming days, we have our single best opportunity to #DefundObamacare. We can and should do it. #Dream13
Looking forward to speaking with the Americans for Prosperity Defending the American Dream Summit this afternoon around 1 pm CT.   Join us live online:
The President made the right to decision to seek congressional approval for any military action in Syria. While I would oppose any resolution that authorizes boots on the ground in Syria, I would support a narrow authorization for a missile strike targeting those responsible for using chemical weapons and deterring future use of such weapons.
Read this op-ed in The Washington Post on why we should make it easier for citizens of countries like #Poland to visit the U.S.
Good news: Project to improve #Illinois rail safety and efficiency in Springfield moves forward.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. – U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell made the following statement following the President’s request for Congressional authorization of the use of military force:   “Today the President advised me that he will seek an authorization for the use of force from the Congress prior to initiating any combat operations against Syria in response to the use of chemical weapons. The President’s role as commander-in-chief is always strengthened when he enjoys the expressed support of the Congress.”
Momentarily, I'll be joining my Senate colleagues on a conference call with Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice about Syria to learn more about this important issue directly from the Administration.
Robba and I visited with many folks from across Kansas last night at the K-State Football Game including two K-State students: former student body president Nate Spriggs of Riverton and former student body vice president Grant Hill of Whitewater.   I appreciated the many conversations regarding Syria, health care and agriculture, but was disappointed by the game's outcome.
Heading to the Alaska State Fair today? Stop by my booth in Raven Hall and say hi to my great staff!
"I am encouraged President Obama now says he will fulfill his constitutional obligation to seek authorization for any potential military action in Syria.   This is the most important decision any President or any Senator must make, and it deserves vigorous debate"
Rubio Statement On President Seeking Congressional Approval For Military Action In Syria: http://1.usa.gov/17x2rzS
