Sen. Alexander today made the following statement on his decision to oppose an amendment to expand background checks by Senators Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.). Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) has said the Toomey-Manchin amendment will be the first to come up when the Senate begins deliberation of gun legislation next week.   “I’ll examine each amendment to determine whether it strengthens or infringes upon our Second Amendment rights,” Alexander said. “The Toomey-Manchin proposal to expand background checks in my opinion doesn’t meet that test and I will vote against it.”   In its most recent ranking of the senator, the National Rifle Association gave Alexander an “A rating.”
NA
I voted to block Leader Reid's gun bill today because it restricts law-abiding citizens’ Second Amendment rights, and it would not prevent tragedies like the events that occurred in Newtown, Aurora, or Tucson. We must have a national discussion about improving the ways that we identify and care for people with mental illness. We also must educate and empower members of the community to share information and intervene before someone does something that tragically impacts their lives and the lives of others. I’ve co-sponsored a number of bills to help achieve these goals.
Hope everyone is staying safe after last night's storms in Missouri. If you or anyone you know needs assistance, the United Way and the Red Cross will be providing services to those impacted by these severe storms.   Red Cross: 1-800-RED-CROSS (733-2767)  www.redcross.org  United Way: 1-800-427-4626 http://www.211helps.org
Today on the Bill LuMaye Show I discussed gun control legislation and the President’s budget. Click below to listen and don’t forget to share with your friends.
Today on the Bill LuMaye Show I discussed gun control legislation and the President’s budget. Click below to listen and don’t forget to share with your friends.
Regarding today’s earlier vote, I was pleased Senate leadership agreed to unlimited debate and amendments; that has always been my threshold for voting to allow legislation to be considered.  Given that understanding, the issue can receive a full and open debate, amendments, and an amendment process with multiple opportunities to stop, alter, or kill the legislation.
I am pleased the President has taken some steps towards the reforms we need to enact, but based on the budget his Administration has submitted to Congress it appears there is a long journey ahead of us.    Simply put, the President's reform efforts are over-shadowed by the new taxes and new government programs that fail any reasonable test of financial sustainability.  The President, his Cabinet, and his Administration must understand that we need to reduce the size, scope, and cost of the federal government—not feed its unrestricted growth.
Congress has given the FAA flexibility to meet its post-sequestration budget without closing these contract towers. Yet the administration continues to insist that the closures are necessary. We need to pass this legislation to ensure that the FAA finds a reasonable solution that is fair and evenhanded, instead of one that disproportionately hurts rural America. It is time for the administration to put its doom and gloom approach to sequestration away and start seriously addressing these issues.
I'll be on FOX News' “Happening Now” at 12:20 pm (ET) 10:20 am (MT).
Shortly, I’m going to ask EPA nominee McCarthy how she plans to change the agency’s dismal record on jobs and growth.  You can watch the hearing by using the link below.
Today, I wrote in The Wall Street Journal how the Obama Administration has to act quickly to prevent more Americans from dropping out of the workforce – and should start by changing EPA policies. You can read my op-ed by clicking below:
NA
With Tom Cullen from East Washington Middle School in Pekin, Indiana. Tom was named Indiana’s 2012 Secondary Assistant Principal of the Year and took part in the National Association of Secondary School Principals Capitol Hill Day Program.
News Release: Today, the U.S. Senate voted 68-31 to move a firearms package to the floor for debate.  I joined several colleagues in voting against the legislation, finding that it further restricts the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Idahoans.  It is my firm belief that the federal government cannot deny a law-abiding citizen his or her Second Amendment right.  Current gun laws simply need to be enforced, rather than implementing a sweeping gun control package.
Yesterday, I enjoyed the opportunity to visit with 4-H students from the University of Idaho.  They will learn a great deal at their conference this week in Washington, D.C.
News Release: After a two month delay and missing the legal deadline, President Barack Obama today submitted his Fiscal Year (FY) 2014 Budget to Congress.  My commitment to work with the President remains unchanged, but this budget, filled with trillions of dollars in tax hikes and new spending, will continue to be a drag on an already anemic economy that is struggling to produce jobs.  Just like the Senate majority party’s budget, this proposal does nothing to address our debt crisis and is not balanced.
Fish and Wildlife Service Agrees to Meet with Local Officials on Central Texas Salamanders
Texas drought map
VIDEO: Cornyn: Solutions, Not Symbolism on Gun Violence
Going to talk with Laura Ingraham at 8:30am CT, listen in if you can:
TUNE IN: At 2:15 p.m. ET today, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, will participate in a hearing to examine United States policy toward Syria. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/Yq7pdi.
Why is the Senate voting on a gun bill no one has even read? Joint statement with United States Senator Mike Lee and Senator Rand Paul:  This morning the Senate will vote on the motion to proceed to the firearms bill (S.649). It is expected that the Toomey-Manchin provision announced yesterday will replace the current language regarding background checks. Yet, as of this morning, not a single senator has been provided the legislative language of this provision. Because the background-check measure is the centerpiece of this legislation it is critical that we know what is in the bill before we vote on it. The American people expect more and deserve better.  Unfortunately, the effort to push through legislation that no one had read highlights one of the primary reasons we announced our intention to force a 60 vote threshold. We believe the abuse of the process is how the rights of Americans are systematically eroded and we will continue to do everything in our power to prevent it.
Looking forward to talking about the latest in the fight to defend the Second Amendment and the entire Bill of Rights with Sean Hannity on Fox News tonight around 8:30 PM CT.  Hope you'll tune in!
I recorded this video yesterday responding to Wyoming constituent questions and comments, first about gun control and then the Marketplace Fairness Act. The video is about five minutes. For individual responses email me through my web page at enzi.senate.gov.
For the past several weeks, I've been asking Nebraskans to submit suggestions to help roll back burdensome federal regulations. Today, I highlighted a great example of overregulation from Coleridge, NE during the confirmation hearing of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) administrator nominee, Gina McCarthy. Watch the video here:
Congratulations to Brian Daniell the Assistant Principal of the Year from Waverly High School Vikings. Mr. Daniel is representing Nebraska at the Assistant Principal of the Year conference in DC. I appreciate his hard work and dedication to education.
I will be questioning the Environmental Protection Agency administrator nominee Gina McCarthy on the need for regulatory reform. Watch the hearing live:
I'll be talking to KFAB's Good Morning Show at 7:40 am CT. Tune in!   http://www.iheart.com/live/1325/?autoplay=true
I welcome a debate on the Second Amendment in the United States Senate.  I want to proceed to this bill. I want to debate it. I am not afraid.  Some have asked why I opposed filibustering a procedural motion to move forward.  Here’s my reasoning.    •	Many Senators have refused to even take a position on some of these issues for fear of angering one side or the other.  There’s only one way to see where Senators actually stand – make them vote.  •	Filibustering right now means Senators get a free pass.  Some politicians’ dream scenario is one where they don’t actually have to vote For or Against a proposal but can tell each side they were with them all along.  Again, let’s make Senators vote.  •	Nothing the Democrats are proposing would have prevented the Sandy Hook massacre.  We need Senators on record.  Do you support these proposals?  •	The legislation can still be filibustered after today in the United States Senate.  And even if gun control legislation passes the Democratic-controlled U.S. Senate it is unlikely to pass the Republican-controlled House of Representatives.    •	Finally, I have my own legislation, supported by the NRA, which I want to bring forward in the Senate.  My legislation would make a real difference in keeping guns out of the wrong hands.    It’s designed to prevent individuals like Alice Boland, a mentally disturbed individual who once pled ‘Not Guilty By Reason of Insanity’ in federal court for threatening to kill the President of the United States from legally buying a firearm.  Under current law, she was able to pass a background check, buy a pistol, and go to Ashley Hall School in Charleston where she tried to shoot several school officials.  One bullet in her hands is one too many.    Again, I welcome a debate on gun control and you should too.  The American people deserve to see where their elected representatives stand on the Second Amendment.    Let’s vote.
NA
Grassley Unveils Legislation to Lessen Burden on Second and Eleventh Circuit Courts
Grassley statement regarding the launch of the official website for the National Physician Payment Transparency Program
Tribute to Margaret Thatcher
Let me be very clear. As a strong supporter and bold defender of the Second Amendment, I refuse to compromise Nevadans' constitutional rights. It is because of my solid support for the Second Amendment that I am not afraid of having this debate. I remain staunchly opposed to any proposal that would create a national gun registry or would infringe upon Nevadans’ ability to exercise their Second Amendment rights. At the same time, I do think it’s important to explore ways to keep guns out of the hands of felons and the mentally ill. As the deliberative body, let’s move forward with an open debate and give Americans an opportunity to better understand where their representatives in Washington stand on this issue. Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/10Zn6qe
“The Global Hawk is the mission of the future, combining leading-edge technology with consummate pilot skill, but it also keeps us in strong contention for a second round of KC-46 tanker missions. Whatever the Air Force decides in this first round, we will be well positioned down the road.”
Glad to meet today with Alexander Burch who is visiting Washington, D.C. with his mom to receive national recognition as the Navy’s Military Child of the Year. Alexander is a tremendous young man who is an honors student and senior at Thompson High School.  He has also volunteered more the 400 hours during the past year.
We want to be clear on the vote we just took on the motion to proceed.  It was only to move forward to debate and discuss the issue of violence. Senator Hoeven does not support the Reid bill or the Manchin/Toomey bill because they restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens, and he does not intend to vote for them. –Hoeven staff
If you are interested in receiving updates on my work on Illinois' behalf, you can sign up for my newsletter here:
Sat down with Senator Durbin this morning, keeping the Illinois constituent coffee tradition alive!
The Senate is voting now on a gun control bill that senators haven't been able to read yet.
Do the American people "deserve a vote" in the Senate for legislation we haven't seen yet?  “I think people should have the opportunity to vote if they know what they’re voting on,” Begich said in an interview with the News-Miner. “I might be one of those that at the end of the day that doesn’t vote for cloture, because anyone can talk about amendments, but we haven’t seen one of them yet.”
During the  Mark Levin show this evening we discussed the thousands of Americans who have added their voice to protect the 2nd Amendment.  Shortly thereafter, my Senate site was flooded with so much traffic that it crashed the server.  The site should be up now, and I apologize to those who tried to submit their entries during this time.  I hope you will still visit the site and add your voice to protect the 2nd Amendment: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
My tele-townhall, has just started.  You can participate on Facebook by clicking this link: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
I will do everything I can to ensure that the voices of those who want to protect the 2nd Amendment are heard in Washington.  Add your voice to the cause: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
I will be holding my monthly tele-townhall tonight at 7:00 p.m. MST (9:00 p.m. EST).  If you haven't signed up to participate in these events, you can participate online with this link: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
NA
“This bill is a clear overreach that will predominantly punish and harass our neighbors, friends, and family. So to protect the rights of the law-abiding citizens of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and of other states, I will oppose invoking cloture on S. 649."
I received a call from the Secretary of the Navy this afternoon delivering exciting news: tomorrow, the Navy will recognize the city of Wichita with a new Littoral Combat Ship bearing its name. Two great ships have already carried Wichita’s namesake, and its re-selection is a real honor for the city and for Kansas.
I was proud to attend the Congressional Medal of Honor Ceremony for Father Kapaun today at the White House. His story of self-sacrifice is legendary, and he has inspired many with his unshakable faith and relentless courage. I am pleased that Father Kapaun’s countless acts of heroism have finally been recognized with this distinguished award.
 
 Here's a photo of his nephew, Ray Kapaun, accepting the Medal on Fr. Kapaun's behalf.
As the KC-46A tanker basing selection moves forward, the United States Air Force is hosting a public forum tonight in Wichita. McConnell Air Force Base remains a top finalist in the selection process, and community members are encouraged to attend to emphasize interest, support, and community partnerships. The forum is at the Hughes MetroPlex from 5-8 p.m.  For more information about the forum, read the story linked below.
Today, I am looking forward to attending the Congressional Medal of Honor ceremony to honor Fr. Emil Kapaun for his heroism during the Korean War. The ceremony is scheduled to begin at 1:10 p.m. CT, and the live video stream will be viewable on the White House website linked below.
This morning, I voted against moving forward on gun legislation before the Senate, and I want you to know why: As Alaskans, we know the Second Amendment is very important to us – so we need to be careful of any policy or proposal that could infringe on it.  Earlier today, the Senate voted to proceed to consider a base bill that Alaskans tell me is unacceptable and the Senate did so based solely on the promise that it will be improved later on down the road through some legislation that has not yet been formally introduced. Alaskans and Americans have seen what happens when Congress votes on things so we can find out what’s in them later, and they don’t like it.  The motion did pass, though, so it is time to proceed onward despite the uncertainty involved.  I truly hope the Senate will consider effective, straightforward and honest ways to reduce violence by improving our mental health care system, keeping guns out of the hands of criminals, and enforcing existing laws. I hope the path improves from this point forward.
All too often, we’re talking about another horrible statistic in our state.  Unfortunately, today is no different.  Alaska has the highest rate of suicide in the nation, especially among young Alaska Native men.  Suicide is corroding our state’s future culture and potential, while breaking families’ hearts.  It’s my hope that this helps, if only a little:
Met with some great OSU students from the Glenn School at the Capitol today -- OH!
Look forward to hosting the Ohio Jobs and Workforce Development Summit tomorrow in Columbus. Panelists participating represent over 200,000 employees in Ohio.  It should be a good discussion.
In middle of sequestration, this is a head-scratcher.  Is this worth forcing 45-50 workers to take a furlough this year?
The President is learning that the policies of Jimmy Carter -- more taxes, more spending, more regulations -- will lead to the economy of Jimmy Carter, less opportunity, less hope, more people giving up, and ever more debt.
In case you missed it, here is the speech I gave at Howard University yesterday: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X70K87h_Lms
I strongly encourage you to watch the Medal of Honor Ceremony for Father Kapaun.  It was a powerfully moving ceremony and I was honored to be in attendance.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYqr05fbMzU
NA
On a perfect spring day in our nation’s capital, it was an honor and a privilege to gather with the fellow soldiers and family of Father Emil Kapaun to recognize his sacrifice and service to our nation, to his faith, and to those that served with him and were witness to his acts of grace, civility and courage under the most difficult of circumstances. I am thankful for the veterans that fought for this recognition after all of these years. Father Kapaun’s bravery and inspiration lives on in the hearts and minds of Kansans, and now will forever have a place of honor in the history of our nation. May God bless Father Kapaun.
Just arrived at the White House for the Medal of Honor Ceremony for Father Kapaun.  You can watch the Medal of Honor Ceremony live on the official White House website starting at 1:10 p.m. CT by visiting: www.whitehouse.gov/live
Congratulations to Thomas Albers from Hays High School, the Kansas Assistant Principal of the Year! It was great meeting with Thomas and his wife Tina today.
Over the next two days, as ceremonies begin to award the Medal of Honor, our nation's highest military award for bravery, to Kansan Father Emil Kapaun, I will share the many accounts of his life and service during the Korean War. The first is from the Washington Post.
ICYMI: With Major Syria Hearing Today, Rubio & Casey Outline "A New Plan For Syria"
NA
Sessions discussed President Obama’s budget plan this morning on FOX’s America’s Newsroom:
Today I voted in support of our Second Amendment rights. Ignoring the Constitution is not an option, and I will not support legislation that does so.
In HELP Committee for the first oversight hearing on Obamacare implementation. You can watch here: http://www.help.senate.gov/hearings/hearing/?id=5539e1f0-5056-a032-526f-fef8b2a9bb30
You can read the legislative text of The Public Safety & Second Amendment Rights Protection Act here.  A Senate vote on this amendment is expected next week, and I am pleased that the public will have ample opportunity to review and provide input on this important measure:
Calling all World War II veterans in the Lancaster-Berks area:
Kris and I are deeply saddened at the loss of Chief Warrant Officers Matthew Ruffner of Harrisburg and Jarett Yoder from the Reading area, both Pennsylvania Guardsmen who were killed when their helicopter crashed in Afghanistan. Our prayers are with their families and loved ones.
Today, I voted to allow debate on gun legislation.  I have an A+ rating from the NRA and have consistently worked to protect Second Amendment rights.  My vote is in accord with the NRA’s position.  I have never voted for gun control and will not do so.  This begins a debate to put the Senate on record about a basic constitutional freedom.  Bringing this bill to the floor gives us the opportunity to vote on measures to strengthen gun rights, such as an amendment to protect veterans from unfair restrictions when trying to purchase a firearm.  I will filibuster passage of a final bill if it contains gun restrictions or a weapons ban.
