Wash Times: Cornyn: 'Past Time' for Eric Holder to Go:
VIDEO: Cornyn on CBS Face the Nation:
Cornyn on CBS: scandals a result of a "culture of cover-ups and intimidation" in the Obama Admin.
Cornyn on CBS: "I think it's past time for [Attorney Gen. Holder] to go."
Cornyn on CBS on IRS: "I have a hard time believing this was something cooked up in Cincinnati."
Should the IRS be the political speech police?
WaPo: "President Obama’s professed ignorance of the targeting of conservatives by one government agency and his support of tracking journalists’ sources by another highlight one of the great paradoxes of his presidency: Sometimes he uses his office as aggressively as anyone who’s held it; other times he seems unacquainted with the work of his own administration."
How about some good news to start your Sunday?  At least we don't live in France!
Why would Pres Putin keep our Sec of State wait 3hrs for a meeting if he wants to seek common ground w US  sounds like old Soviet way!!
As Armed Forces Day comes to a close I would like to thank all our men and women in uniform for their incredible and brave sacrifices.
I was glad to have the opportunity to congratulate Zach Trigg at Paola High School’s Graduation Commencement Ceremony today. Zach served as my first Senate Page in 2012 - and he was Kansas' first Senate Page in more than 50 years. I wish all 2013 graduates true success, marked not only by your achievements but by the kind of person you become.
Today, I was honored to be the keynote speaker at Paola High School’s Graduation Commencement Ceremony, where we celebrated the school's 125th anniversary. I challenged the graduates to become people of character who pursue excellence and put others first. I left them with a few words spoken by one of Kansas’ most famous sons – President Dwight D. Eisenhower – to a gathering of college students more than half a century ago: “Sooner or later the day will come when the decisions which control the affairs of your community, your nation, your world, must be made by another generation – yours. The nation’s future is what you make it… I have faith in America’s young men and women, and in the future they will build.”
Ketchikan just broke the Guinness World Record for the most participants in a rainboot race! With 1,976 people participating today, I should say they smashed the record by more than 600.  A huge congrats to the residents of the First City
