My prayers go out to the tornado victims in Oklahoma.
As Americans to learn more about the IRS targeting scandal and the deadly attack in Benghazi, I joined Fox News this morning to discuss the need for transparency and accountability from the Obama Administration.
Another Inspector General report?  DOJ officials using media to undermine reporters. Click below to read more.
Keeping our neighbors in Oklahoma in my thoughts and prayers right now.
Internet Association President Michael Beckerman and I prepare for our first Google hangout.
We're participating in a Google Hangout with Senator Pryor, Arkansas small business owners and the Internet Association in one hour. Our discussion will highlight how the Internet is spurring job creation and economic growth around the state. You can watch at the link provided beginning at 3:30 CT.
A member of my staff will be available tomorrow in Williamsport and Kentland to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. Times and locations below:  Date: Tuesday, May 21 Time: 10:00 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. ET Location: Williamsport Public Library, 28 East 2nd Street, Williamsport  Date: Tuesday, May 21 Time: 1:00 p.m. – 3:30 p.m. CT Location: Kentland Public Library, 201 East Graham Street, Kentland
Congrats to Indiana native Ed Carpenter on winning the pole for Sunday’s Indy 500. Huge sports week ahead in Indiana with Indiana Pacers playing Heat and the 97th Indy 500.
Weekly Op-Ed: Multiple use of public lands remains the most effective utilization of our natural resources, and it is the guiding law for their management.  If we allow multiple use to disappear from current management discussions and decisions, it will have long-term impacts.  That is why it is critically important that we remain active in ensuring that multiple use is not forgotten by public lands agencies.  We should also encourage federal land managers to be good neighbors to the private landowners, state and tribes that border public lands.  Multiple use of our natural resources helps ensure that our public lands continue to benefit all of us.  This important management focus must remain at the forefront of public land decision making.
Public confidence in federal government take a hit in wake of recent scandals: "How much confidence do you have in the people who run our government?” asked in CNN poll over the weekend, only 8 percent said “a great deal,” while a majority of 54 percent said just a little bit or none whatsoever.
Witnesses scheduled for Tuesday's Senate Finance Committee meeting on IRS scandals:  1)Mr. Steven Miller, Acting Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, Washington, DC 2)The Honorable J. Russell George, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, United States Department of the Treasury, Washington, DC 3)The Honorable Douglas Shulman, Former IRS Commissioner, Washington, DC
Judiciary markup of Gang of 8 immigration bill continues
Longview News-Journal: Cornyn Files Bill to Stop IRS from Enforcing Obamacare:
Dallas Morning News: Cornyn Sees Culture of Intimidation & Cover-ups at WH:
National Review: Cornyn: "Past Time" for Holder to Go:
CBS: Obama Cultivating 'Culture of Cover-ups and Intimidation,' Cornyn Says
Jay Leno: “It’s casual Friday, which means at the White House they’re casually going through everyone’s phone calls and records.”
Praying for the safety of our neighbors up north in Oklahoma with the ongoing severe weather.
With the coverup of Fast and Furious and the Department of Justice targeting the press, Sen. John Cornyn is right — it is past time for Attorney General Eric Holder to go.  LIKE if you agree!
The federal government gives billions of dollars to the United Nations every year without anyone knowing exactly how much money is sent in total. With a national debt exceeding $17 trillion, we need to be able to account for every dime we spend. I have cosponsored a bill with United States Senator Mike Lee that requires the Office of Management and Budget to annually report contributions to the UN from every federal agency, including all non-monetary gifts.
Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius recently asked health insurance companies to chip in funding for outreach, enrollment, and implementation of the President’s health care law. Federal law prevents government employees from raising money from entities they regulate. Many have concerns with these actions, as they give the appearance of a conflict of interest. My colleagues and I on the Senate Finance Committee have already requested more information from the Administration.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the residents and first responders impacted by the horrific tornadoes in the Midwest and Oklahoma.
I was honored to deliver the commencement address to the graduates of the College of Saint Mary yesterday. Congratulations to all in the graduating class of 2013! Such a talented group of women with bright futures ahead of them. I look forward to seeing all that they accomplish.
The scenes out of Oklahoma are heart-breaking to watch.  All of our prayers are with the victims, their families, and first-responders dealing with this horrible natural disaster.
In light of events in Oklahoma, tonight's Fox News interview has been postponed to a later date.
will be a guest tonight on Fox News Channel ‘On the Record’ with Greta Van Susteren at 10:00 pm responding to a White House call issued yesterday by Senior Advisor Dan Pfeiffer for Republicans to apologize to Ambassador Susan Rice.  Pfeiffer said, "And so hopefully we can put this all behind us, and I -- frankly I think that many of the Republicans who have been talking about this, now that they have seen the emails, owes Ambassador Rice an apology for the things they said about her in the wake of the attack."
Grassley backs legislation to reform system for prosecuting sexual assault in the military services
NA
I will continue to pray for the families and individuals who lost a loved one, suffered damage or lost homes and possessions during the storms that tore through Oklahoma and the Midwest yesterday evening. Representatives from FEMA have contacted my office and are ready to respond should Governor Fallin request federal assistance. Please take a moment to access the Severe Weather Resources on my website to review or develop a severe weather plan with your family to ensure your safety throughout the storm season.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/weather
NA
NA
"Obamacare? Expanded gun background checks? Comprehensive immigration reform? They’re all based on competent collection and ethical use of personal information coerced from the American people by the federal bureaucracy.  Today it’s your 501(c)4 application; tomorrow it’s your medical records.  Rather than chasing mid-level scapegoats, conservatives – especially elected conservatives – should be communicating the lessons of the Obama scandals to delay, defund, and repeal Obamacare, and to cut the huge Gang of Eight immigration bill down to a series of smaller, manageable, incremental reforms."
Thinking of and praying for the people of Oklahoma.
Read Sen. Mitch McConnell's op-ed that appeared in today's Herald-Leader: Editorial wrong to dismiss my plan to create jobs
With the devastating tornadoes that continue to affect Kansas and the Midwest, my thoughts and prayers are with all who have been impacted. Thanks to emergency personnel who are working to rebuild and ensure the safety of residents in these communities.
Hays native and University of Kansas Medical Center Physical Therapist and Researcher, Dr. Sandra Billinger, and her son, Michael, are trekking across Kansas to raise money and awareness for stroke survivors. Each year, about 800,000 individuals suffer from strokes. Follow the journey of these Kansans who are making a difference and serving as an inspiration for others via their Facebook page.
Fairbanks CBS News 13 reporting the Tripod has fallen!
Praying for everybody in the path of the tornados.  Alaskans thoughts are with you #PrayForOklahoma
Thinking about all the folks on the upper Yukon River flooding or in danger of flooding right now.  I know many communities are prepared, but with record-breaking late break-up, I just want you to know I stand ready to try to help from the federal level where I can.  Keep track of the flooding status of all Alaska’s rivers here:
I appreciate the Secretary’s openness to giving us an alternative to the punitive pessimism of the law, but worry No Child Left Behind waiver for Alaska amounts to little more than ‘regulation light’ for us to have new boxes to check off.  Two years ago, the U.S. Department of Education announced that they would offer waivers from some requirements of the No Child Left Behind Act, but only if states would agree to put specific changes designed by the Education Secretary in place. I remain concerned that the U.S. Department of Education has just swapped the initial rules under the law with new rules that Education Secretary Duncan likes – here comes the new boss, same as the old boss.  I give real credit to the staff of the Alaska Department of Education and the many educators and community members who worked long, hard hours to design a waiver plan that would work in Alaska and meet the Secretary’s requirement. The successes moving forward truly will be their successes.  This plan will increase educational rigor and give credit where credit is due while diagnosing what is wrong with our most troubled schools and put plans to fix them in place. I've been working for years to try and Alaskanize the No Child Left Behind law, but I worry that these waivers are a half measure that replaces one set of federal regulations with another set of federal conditions and requirements.
Proud to be with brave men and women currently serving in our Armed Forces in Springfield this afternoon.
Honored to speak at the Springfield Rotary/Kiwanis Armed Forces Day Lunch. Our veterans deserve our thanks & support.
Hear my speech to the NH GOP's "Liberty Dinner" tonight live on C-Span at 7 PM ET.
Strengthening Immigration Reform: Criminal Offense To Use Fake Documentation: http://1.usa.gov/11Sx9Cf
Rubio Applauds Committee Approval Of Amendments To Strengthen Tracking Of Visa Overstays & Add Biometric Exit System: http://1.usa.gov/10fsN1j
Rubio Presses For Human Rights As Burma’s President visits U.S.: http://1.usa.gov/18Z7ibF
Rubio On Report That Administration Targeted FOX News Reporter During Leak Probe: http://1.usa.gov/16Kap8i
NA
NA
My thoughts and prayers are with the families in Oklahoma City and throughout Tornado Alley during these terrible storms. Please stay safe.
It's time to roll back the government's wasteful sugar program. This flawed policy is corporate welfare at its worst and hurts not only candy companies and food manufacturers, but also the families who end up paying higher costs for food made with sugar. This bipartisan reform would mark an important step towards ending policies that pay wealthy sugar processors from the pockets of American taxpayers. I believe that this Congress can and will eventually rein in our flawed sugar policies.
Great slide show of this morning's military appreciation ceremony at the Pennsylvania National Guard Armory in Allentown. Thanks to all who attended.
What an honor to meet Mr. Bertram Winzer.  Mr Winzer was a member of one of America's first Special Operations units, the 1st Special Service Force, also known as the "Devil's Brigade." Pennsylvania is home to six Devil's Brigade veterans - the most of any state.  During World War II, the Devil's Brigade was a top-secret combat force of volunteers from the United States and Canada. Its high-risk missions figured prominently in the liberation of Italy and France.  I am working to honor him and others in the brigade with the Congressional Gold Medal, which represents the highest expression of national appreciation for distinguished achievements and contributions.
At a military appreciation celebration today in Allentown, I was glad to visit with Nate Kline a retired Air Force officer, W.W. II veteran, and an advocate for fellow vets.
Great to meet with the Anne B. Anstine Excellence in Public Service Series. An annual professional leadership program for Pennsylvania women, the Anstine Series members came for an update on some of the major issues before Congress. Thanks to all who attended.
In Case You Missed It: Senator Wicker discusses the scandal involving the IRS with Fox News' Judge Jeanine Pirro.
