This situation on our southern border is only going to grow worse with time and as the weather cools. Congress needs to address the policies that created this situation, which will send a message to the drug smugglers and coyotes who are spreading false hope to the families sending their children to the United States. The best way to stop this humanitarian crisis is to reunite children who have come to America with their families in their home countries. President Obama and his administration must fully enforce our immigration laws.  Legislation passed by the House of Representatives on Friday takes the right approach to addressing the problem. The House-passed bill would help stem the tide of children making the difficult journey to the United States. Rather than reject the House effort, Senator Reid needs to allow it to be debated in the Senate.
Happy 224th birthday to the U.S. Coast Guard. Thank you to all CG personnel for your service to our country.
NA
Because of the unique challenges our veterans face and the solemn sacrifices they make, Congress must support the needs of service members both on the battlefield and upon their return.  The recent exposure of the shameful mistreatment of veterans seeking assistance through the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) again underscores the need to improve the delivery of assistance to our nation’s veterans.  The scandals prove that the stakes are high: Congress must get VA reform right this time.    As I work with my congressional colleagues to address the needs of our nation’s veterans, the polices I advocate must have a meaningful impact on our veterans in Idaho. I invite Idahoans to share their VA experiences, both positive and negative, with me through a brief survey.  Learn more here: http://goo.gl/C0qIZa 
Listen: Senator Collins marks $18.4 million federal grant that will be used to strengthen biomedical research and train workers in Maine. 
“The reopening of the Ashland biomass facility is welcome news for the important jobs it will restore and the renewable energy it will generate.  The forest economy is a tremendous asset in our state and biomass plants like the one in Ashland play a vital role," said Senator Collins.
Traveled to the McAllen Border Patrol Station and McAllen-Hidalgo International Bridge on Friday to receive another update about the humanitarian crisis on our southern border.
NA
Honored to be named 2015 Mr. South Texas by the City of Laredo's Washington's Birthday Celebration Association. Pleased to join in celebrating this vibrant city, its rich and diverse history, and its promising future as it continues to excel in energy, business, education and trade.
For four years, USAID contractor Alan Gross has languished in a Cuban prison.  His crime was distributing cell phones to the island's tiny and isolated Jewish population. Encouraging the free flow of information is considered a seditious act in the Castros' Cuba, and so he has remained in jail despite the flimsiness of the case against him and his deteriorating health. He had remained optimistic that the United States would see that he was released and reunited with his wife and children, but as the U.S. remains silent, he has begun to lose hope.    It is a cruel shame that while the Obama Administration is eager to grant travel visas to celebrity friends like Beyonce and Jay-Z so they can elevate visiting the island as a chic trip, they have not been able to summon the energy to bring Alan Gross home.   Instead, just ninety miles off our shores, an American citizen and government employee is weakening in a jail cell alone, believing that his country has forsaken him.  We owe it to Mr. Gross and his family to make it clear that we remember him--and that we urge the Obama Administration to prioritize his case.   We recently saw in Sudan how the prayers of millions of believers -- and the sustained, high-level efforts of the Italian government -- were able to effect the release of Meriam Ibrahim.  In the name of justice, with real American leadership, we should be able to do as much for Alan Gross.
Congrats to Texas and SpaceX for their commitment to a commercial launch facility in Cameron county and continuing Texas' lead in space exploration!
If the Senate refuses to take action, the Internet will be taxed this November: http://1.usa.gov/1v1fE02  Keep the Internet tax free! #NoNetTax
NA
I urge all Americans to take to heart the warnings of 2014 on 10th anniversary of the Terror Comm report 5/5
According to WSJ, Terror Comm Chair Kean said “the sense of alarm surprised me. I have not heard this much concern since 9/11” 4/5
10 yrs ago Terror Comm feared Iraq wd become failed state New report says “that nightmare scenario may now becoming to pass.” 3/5
Terror Comm sees cybersecurity as major threat which govt needs 2 address 2/5
Terror Commission say 10 yrs after 1st report US faces more threats& public is complacent & doesn’t realize potential 4 danger 1/5
10yrs after the 9/11 commission reported members gathered for a review on status&threat of terrorism  Conclusion: worse than expected
I will file my appeal today - rj
Today 5 local pastors & I introduced Niños de Compasion, a partnership for children from Central America living in Illinois. As children await immigration hearings, Niños de Compasion will keep them safe and involved in the community.   Learn more: http://bit.ly/ninosdecompasion
Thanks to Pastor Dew for the invite to Antioch Missionary Baptist Church - working together for positive change in Englewood.
I kicked off my day in Overland Park giving remarks to more than 250 Kansans at the Kansas Electric Cooperatives, Inc. Summer Meeting. I discussed a number of issues facing our state including the impact the lesser prairie chicken is having on rural electric cooperatives, frustrations with the state of politics in Washington, D.C., as well as the importance of preserving our values for the next generation. Thanks to Kansas Electric Cooperatives CEO Bruce Graham for the invitation to speak.
I encourage you to read this news story about one of my recent Kansas Listening Tour stops in the other Washington — Washington, Kansas. This piece, written by Washington County News' Dan Thalmann, highlights some of my frustrations with the state of politics, as well as touches on issues Washington County residents brought up during the town hall meeting. http://www.backroadsnews.com
I received a moving note from Shelly Clark Epps recently, who traveled with her father to Washington, D.C. as part of the June 26, 2014, Heartland Honor Flight. Shelly and her father Daryl Clark – a Korean War Veteran – had the opportunity to visit the Korean War Memorial and it was a very meaningful moment in their relationship. Veterans like Daryl Clark represent the best of America – a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. It is because these veterans answered the call of duty that we enjoy the freedoms we have today.
At the 68th annual Tipton Picnic last night I ran into children of Harry and Phyllis Schmitt, who grew up on the Harry Schmitt Farm just south of Tipton. I have fond memories of visiting the Schmitt family farm as part of the 2006 Partners in Conservation Tour along with the Chair of the House Ag Committee. Pictured are Travis and Kathy Schwerdtfager of Lincoln, Don and Mary Read of Winfield, Col. Bob and Sandy Law of Ft. Riley, and Becky Schmitt  of Tipton.
Congratulations to Harry Race Pharmacy in Sitka, for winning the Good Neighbor Pharmacy of the Year Award!  (And way to go to the Alaskans who voted for them)  Can't wait to come to Sitka this week and visit with all of you to shake your hand and say 'Hi.'
I'm in Valdez today, and I started off my morning at Rogue's Garden Coffee Shop to talk with Kathy Nielsen to get her thoughts on running a small business -- both the challenges and the opportunities she sees.
Today is the 224th Birthday of the United States Coast Guard, since George Washington himself signed a bill to have sea vessels enforce federal laws.  If you see a guardian today around Alaska, wish them 'Happy Birthday' and thank them for all they do for our state. http://www.uscg.mil/history/web/USCGbriefhistory.asp
Great meeting with leaders of the Kansas Association of General Contractors today. Excessive and unnecessary paperwork is holding back their productivity.  I've been fighting the Obama Administration to unshackle them from these burdensome regulations, so they can create even more jobs.  I promised them today that I'd continue that fight!
NA
On August 2, 2014, Senator Tim Scott hosted a special ceremony in Columbia, South Carolina, to honor the men and women who served in uniform during the Vietnam War.  With approximately 2500 people present, the event's message to veterans was very clear--your service and sacrifice will never be forgotten.
August 1, 2014
August 1, 2014
Happy birthday Barack Obama! I hope you celebrated this weekend with family and good friends.
Wicker Report | A long-term transportation plan is still an immediate priority for lawmakers, who have a responsibility to address America’s backlog of infrastructure needs. 
