Yesterday Sen. Alexander met with Jefferson County High School’s Junior ROTC cadets from Dandridge, Tenn., on the steps of the United States Capitol, where he welcomed them to Washington and talked to them about his memories of growing up in East Tennessee.   Are you following Alexander on Instagram? To keep up with him on the road in Tennessee and on the move in Washington, follow him HERE: http://bit.ly/1l8bX31
In case you missed it, here's my Fox News interview with Neil Cavuto regarding the Fort Hood shooting this week. We must prioritize improving our nation's mental health policies.
Here's a recap of what happened this week in Washington.
I am honored for the opportunity to represent Arkansas in the United States Senate and take my responsibilities in the role very seriously. The majority of Arkansans want to get our economy moving again, rein in the expansive federal government and stop Washington’s wasteful spending. This award shows that I am fighting for those same interests and share their ideals.
Serious flooding in parts of Indiana. Hoosiers, please take appropriate precautions and be safe.
NA
The Brownfields program has a proven track record of helping Idaho communities rehabilitate abandoned and polluted properties throughout the state, increasing safety, attracting new business and creating jobs.  I commend the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee for moving forward with the Brownfields Utilization, Investment and Local Development Act by voting it unanimously out of committee.  This legislation improves the already successful and effective program by increasing access for rural and small communities and providing much-needed certainty for long-term projects.  Read my full statement.  
April 3rd, 2014
Darnall Army Medical Center’s heroic staff shared this note with me that one of our wounded warriors in recovery wrote. I had the honor to thank this soldier on behalf of all Texans today. God bless our troops.
Maduro takes the next step in Castro-style oppression: Leopoldo López faces an unprecedented prison sentence. #SOSVenezuela
The Broken Window Theory of Obamacare... #FullRepeal
We thank God for the courage of the men and women who risk their lives to defend our freedom. #FortHood
I am hopeful we will get all 100 Senators to unanimously consent to pass this legislation to keep known terrorists out of the US.
It's crazy that we'd have to accept known terrorists into the US as UN ambassadors. My legislation would stop it.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) wants to have an expanded say over waterways, which could include puddles and areas of run-off on private property. This far exceeds the authority the agency was granted by Congress. I joined Senator Pat Toomey, R-Penn., and others in sending a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy pointing out the dubious legal and scientific basis for the proposed Waters of the United States rule and asking for the maximum comment period to hear from affected Americans.
Small businesses in particular must bear the brunt of some of the health care law’s worst policies that are increasing costs and forcing businesses to either lay off workers or not hire new employees. Yesterday, I introduced legislation with Senator John Barrasso and others that would restore the definition of “full-time” work under the health care law to 40 hours a week and exempt more small businesses from the employer mandate. These one-size-fits-all regulations are hitting workers in their pocketbooks and undercutting the country’s economic recovery.
I’m heading back today and if all goes smoothly with my flights, I should be in Riverton tomorrow morning at Central Wyoming College for my 11th inventors conference. Inventors find solutions for everyday problems and Wyoming is full of problem solvers. 
Talking water policy during a roundtable discussion at the The Arizona Chamber of Commerce & Industry #Time2TalkH20
What is the more egregious waste of your taxdollars - $1.3 million for the federal government to buy alcohol or $34 million for the Department of Defense to build a top-of-the-line facility that the military didn't want, doesn't need and won't use? Write your pick in the comments section below. #8ofWaste #FinalFour
My staff, along with Senator Johanns’ and Congressman Smith’s staff, will host the “2014 Academy and Military Information Day” in Grand Island on Saturday, April 19th. Representatives from several U.S. service academies will be on hand to answer questions and discuss the academy nomination process, as well as other military options.
This is a slap in the face to the 52 Americans held hostage in Iran for 444 days and an affront to all Americans.  The very idea Iran would appoint someone to represent them at the United Nations in New York -- who was connected in such a direct way to the American Embassy takeover in 1979 -- says a lot about the regime and the so-called moderation of President Rouhani.   
Tour/Q&A w 55 employees at Osmundson mfg in Perry Topics: natl debt, immig, renewable fuels, food stamps, farm bill
Good mtg w ldrs of IA Homebuilders Assn Talked abt tax reform, EPA regs, Fannie/Freddie, home mortgage deduction
This week Senator Grassley met with civic leaders from the Dubuque area during their visit to Washington, D.C. They spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their community including: Opportunity Dubuque and workforce investment, healthcare policy, and historic and new market tax credits.
Our military is stretched thin, and putting boots on the ground is not the right response currently for Russia's arrogance. At the same time, the West should not allow Putin to just walk into sovereign nations, plant his flag, and takeover territory. First it was Crimea, and next could be Maldova and then further into Georgia. At some point Putin has to be told the buck stops here, which is why yesterday I introduced a resolution that sends a message to Russia exemplifying that United States' interests are to preserve democracy and that we will support Europe's efforts to stop further Russian aggression. http://freebeacon.com/national-security/senators-russia-eyeing-land-grabs-in-moldova-georgia/ 
How about a true fix to Obamacare, involving freedom and choice?  http://t.co/qKMq6UMcTP
Who is going to calculate what Russia owes Ukraine for expropriating Crimea? http://t.co/VxXc9UiPp7
The Administration recently announced the U.S. will give up oversight of the Internet. I joined 34 of my Senate colleagues to demand answers on how we'll prevent the Internet from falling into the hands of oppressive regimes and dictators.
Calling all aspiring rocket scientists! NASA's Space App Challenge returning to Kansas City this month. Last year a Kansas City team composed of Salva O'Renick, Ingenology, RareWire, Sprint, Cerner, VML and Waddell & Reed won awards for building the world's first interplanetary weather app.
NA
I surpassed 10,000 Facebook friends today. Thanks to all of you who have sent me messages and commented on my page to share your thoughts and opinions. While nothing can replace a face-to-face conversation, the internet and social media have made it easier than ever to make one's voice heard and have facilitated increased dialogue between American citizens and the people we elect to public office. Please continue to send me your questions, and suggestions - I'm always listening and truly appreciate hearing from Kansans, whatever the topic may be. You may also click "Sign Up" below to receive my newsletter and stay connected.
In the next few days, $14.3 million will be headed to Alaska to help fund our schools & roads that lie in national forests.  The Forest Service controls 22 million acres of Alaska, including just about all of Southeast.  These communities are barred from using the land they sit on to generate money, and until we find a way to rightly return to a system where our federal forests are utilized to generate jobs and economic activity, we owe these communities a lifeline.
Good to hear that Frankenfish is proving to be a 'tough sell' to the feds and across the country. Check out this update:
Today at the Chickaloon Village Traditional Council's Elder's lunch, the Ya Ne Dah Ah School children sang in their Ahtna language to the elders and to welcome their new school teacher Ms. Brooke.  Love to see the next generation carrying on traditions!
The impacts of synthetic drugs on some of Alaska’s smallest communities are absolutely devastating.  These substances are wiping out families, and they are coming in through the US Post Office.  Something needs to be done. 
Had the chance to meet with OSU students visiting DC this week. OH-IO!
The European Union wants to force the U.S. to change the common names of meats and cheeses. They say that bologna and black forest ham cannot be made in America. I was proud to lead a group of 44 other Senators in telling them no. http://goo.gl/3FmfdV
NA
Received the American Conservative Union's award for defending conservative values yesterday. I will continue to stand up for smaller government, lower taxes and bigger opportunity.
Happy Friday PA! You made it! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/vrJ4x. Thanks!
Everybody wants clean water. This U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulation has nothing to do with it and is, in fact, a ridiculous power grab: 
"Since Jan. 1, 121 school employees have been arrested in the U.S. for sexual misconduct with children. That’s more than one per day since the beginning of the year."
Power Grab... http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/federal_government/lawmakers-push-epa-for-more-time-on-water-rule/2014/04/04/735ffb06-bbc1-11e3-80de-2ff8801f27af_story.html 
