Following the president’s speech today on the economy, Sen. Alexander said: “The president’s policies are hurting American workers. Today, 7.3 percent of Americans qualify as unemployed, while millions more have taken part-time work because that is all they can find…” Alexander favors “reducing costs and regulations on businesses, repealing the job-destroying health care law, and encouraging employers to expand their businesses in America, instead of punishing them with policies that satisfy big labor bosses and destroy jobs.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/1812ouC
Praying for the victims of the Navy Yard shooting & their families. Thank you to all the brave law enforcement officers and first responders who came to their aid. Please keep them all in your thoughts and prayers.
I wrote in the Wall Street Journal today about why the Russians can’t be trusted in Syria. Moscow isn't even complying with a commitment to destroy its own chemical weapons—why would we expect them to enforce Syria restrictions?
A photo from the U.S. Senate Sergeant At Arms.  The flags over the U.S. Capitol have been lowered this afternoon and will remain lowered until sunset Friday for the victims of the Washington Navy Yard shooting.
Sad situation out of the Washington Navy Yard this morning. Praying for the victims and the local law enforcement involved.
SAEN: Cornyn Bill Would Target Domestic Human Trafficking:
KDH: Cornyn Measure to Honor Nov. 5 Shooting Victims Not Just 'Feel-Good' Bill:
Tomorrow, September 17, is the 226th anniversary of the signing of the United States Constitution, and to mark the occasion, students in 11 Tennessee schools will participate in Constitution Week events sponsored by Senator Corker’s office. Senator Corker’s field representatives will deliver interactive presentations to students, showing a 5-foot replica of the Constitution and discussing its importance in every American’s life. “The wisdom our Founding Fathers showed in crafting such a fundamental and elegant document that has provided the foundation for our government and our country for 226 years is really incredible when you think about it,” said Corker. “I hope the students who attend our Constitution Week events across the state come away wanting to learn more about our country’s history, values and system of government. Our country faces a number of challenges in the coming decades, and it’s important that young Americans understand the document that has guided our country since its founding.” For more information on this year’s Constitution Week events, click here: http://1.usa.gov/195cOXc. In this photo from last year, Senator Corker’s area field representative, Claire McVay, meets with students at Ooltewah Elementary School.
Obamacare exchanges open in 2 weeks and despite millions spent on "education" efforts, 70% of Americans still don't understand it. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
FACT: Implementing Obamacare requires bureaucrats to build the largest database of personal information in our nation's history -- making releases of private data like this more likely. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
My prayers are with all those affected by the tragic shooting in the U.S. Navy Yard this morning. Grateful for the work of the brave first responders and law enforcement officials on the scene.
NA
September 15-21 is National Farm Safety and Health Week. Check out Senator Grassley's Q&A for more on farm safety.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Navy Yard shooting victims and their loved ones. Thanks to the brave law enforcement and first responders on scene.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and all those affected by the senseless act of violence at the Navy Yard today.
My thoughts and prayers are with the Navy Yard victims and their families. #NavyYardShooting
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the Washington Navy Yard shooting and their families. RIP.
‘The men and women in our military courageously put their lives on the line in many dangerous places around the world. It's painful for all of us to think about them having to worry about their safety when they come home too.’
McConnell Comments on the Navy Yard Shooting  WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell made the following remarks on the Senate floor today regarding the shooting at the Washington, D.C., Navy Yard:  “We’re all thinking about today’s tragic shootings at the Navy Yard, about the victims and their families. The men and women in our military courageously put their lives on the line in many dangerous places around the world. It's painful for all of us to think about them having to worry about their safety when they come home too.  “Many people in the area – and across the country – will be directly affected by this terrible tragedy. We pray for all of them.   “These kinds of incidents always remind us how fragile life is. They also remind those of us who work in and around the Capitol how much we owe to all the men and women who work so hard to keep us safe each and every day.   “So I want to take this opportunity to thank Terry Gainer and his team, and Chief Dine and the entire Capitol Police force, for all they do day in and day out. And for everyone else who is helping work through this tragedy – the first responders and medical personnel, the D.C. police – I want you to know one thing: we are thankful for your hard work and sacrifice.   “Everyone is deeply grateful, especially on days like this.”
Today, there was a tragic shooting at the U.S. Naval Yard in Washington, D.C. - just half a mile from the Capitol. We're receiving word that there has been loss of life and several injuries. Please keep the victims, their families, and our brave law enforcement officers and first responders in your thoughts and prayers as we wait for resolution.
In Summer of 2012, the Supreme Court ruled that the Indian Health Service – regardless of who is in the White House – must fully fund the contract support costs that come with addressing the medical needs of Alaska Natives, Native Americans and Native Hawaiians.  But this year’s I.H.S. budget shows they’re ignoring the ruling and shortchanging our tribes millions of dollars.  The President can’t and shouldn’t pick and choose Supreme Court rulings to agree with – especially when it affects the lives and health of our first people.
My thoughts and prayers go out to all those families and individuals impacted by the Navy Yard shooting this morning in Washington, DC.  My sincere thanks to all the first responders who put their lives on the line help to stop those responsible for this heinous act and possibly prevent further casualties.  I’m very thankful that everyone in my DC office is safe and we are watching the news unfold with anxiety and concern.  I hope this gets resolved very soon.
Social Security going bankrupt yet overpays $1.3 billion in benefits per GAO.
I'm in West Louisville today (here with Markham French of the Plymouth Center and Shawn Gardner of 2not1) to hear about some of the biggest problems that keep this community from thriving.
My friend and fellow KSU Wildcat, Overland Park Mayor Carl Gerlach, addresses the Rotary Club of Overland Park regarding several exciting developments in our state's second largest city. 
 
 I had the opportunity to meet with the Mayor and his colleagues recently. There are great things happening in OP. Thank you, Carl, for your service and leadership.
Rubio Comments On Shooting at Washington Navy Yard: http://1.usa.gov/1aOmlbX  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding today’s shooting at the Washington Navy Yard:   “My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families impacted by today’s shooting at the Washington Navy Yard. The brave men and women of our military sacrifice so much for our country and often endure great hardships abroad, and it’s sickening to see them attacked like this while serving stateside, along with their civilian colleagues. As we learn more about who was behind this and what their motivations were, it is imperative that justice be served.   “Every day, we should give thanks for the millions of first responders working across America who are the first on the scene when tragedies like this occur. Today, we are especially grateful to Washington area first responders who have served with courage on a nightmarish day.    “May God bless them, the victims, their families and our entire armed forces who have suffered a great loss today.”
Our prayers go out to those who lost their lives and were injured at the Washington Navy Yard this morning, and our thanks to the first responders who ran towards danger to help.
Thank you to Mike Watkins from Piedmont, SC for this week's cover photo.  This is our South Carolina.
Had a great time at the Summerville High School football game where I ran into Miss Piper Higgins
Washington Post ran a very interesting article on President Lincoln's train trip to Gettysburg and the drafting of his famous address. I'm working with Rep. Scott Perry and Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to preserve the historic rail station.
Interior Secretary Sally Jewell visited Somerset County last week to see firsthand Flight 93's memorial site. I hope she will visit Pennsylvania again soon to see our beautiful national parks.
Prayers needed: for the safe evacuation of those still in the Navy Yards in DC, and for the first responders.
Wicker Report | With harvest time well underway, we are reminded of the important role that agriculture plays in Mississippi – not only for putting food on the table but also in providing a livelihood for many families.  As our state’s largest business, the agriculture industry is responsible for employing nearly 30 percent of the local workforce and generating an economic impact of approximately $7.5 billion each year.  Read the full column by clicking on the link below.
