After this morning’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a weekly constituent breakfast in Washington, D.C., Senator Alexander met with scholarship recipients from East Tennessee State University in  Johnson City, Tenn. The students were in Washington during their spring break to meet their representatives and learn about leadership in government. The students were among approximately 200 Tennesseans who joined the breakfast in Washington. If you’d like to learn more about “Tennessee Tuesday” or make a reservation for your visit, please visit our Web site. http://tinyurl.com/a65ke6a
With Debora McCain (Durham), Matthew Norton (Milford, CT), Krista Sweeny (Moore), Randy Schroeder (Durham) and Josefine Garcia (Chester) - on Capitol Hill today representing the NH Educational Opportunity Association
Glad Secretary Hagel has ordered a review of the Distinguished Warfare Medal.  While we should honor extraordinary achievements of our silent warriors, medals earned in combat for acts of heroism should remain the nation’s highest and most sacred military honors.
I spoke at the Republican leadership press conference today about what I hope to see in the Senate Democrats’ budget, which they have had 1,413 days to prepare. After near four years, Senate Democrats must be producing a budgetary masterpiece.
To listen to my interview with Bo Thompson on WBT this morning, click here: http://bit.ly/YWT1qm
TUNE IN: At 8:23 this morning I will be talking with Bo Thompson on WBT Radio's Charlotte Morning News program.  Listen live here: http://bit.ly/acLrRw
AP reports today that applying for Obamacare benefits could be as daunting as doing your taxes.
I hope all Hoosiers will help spread the word about this outstanding event that provides a venue for Hoosier veterans and employers to connect.
NA
VIDEO: This morning, I joined colleagues at a Senate Banking Committee hearing to question the nominees to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In my opening statement, I reaffirmed my position that the CFPB needs to be structurally reformed to allow for more transparency, openness and accountability (like the SEC, for example) before I will confirm any director.
A photo from Leader McConnell showing almost 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations. 
PHOTO: The Sequester in Perspective:
PHOTO: This is what 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations looks like, with more to come:
Under Ryan (House) budget federal spending will increase 3.4% rather than 5% on current path.
PHOTO: WH may be closed, but the Capitol is open for business. Happy to host 300+ Texans w/ Ted Cruz:
Are you on Twitter? Nearly 15,000 people use the site to keep up with Senator Corker. Visit https://twitter.com/senbobcorker and click “follow” so you can, too.
Senators Corker and Warner, both members of the Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, wrote to Attorney General Eric Holder today asking him to clarify his “too big to jail” remarks, comments he made last week regarding enforcement actions on money laundering and terrorism financing activities based on the size of the culpable institution. In a hearing on March 6, Holder stated, “I am concerned that the size of some of these institutions becomes so large that it does become difficult for us to prosecute them when we are hit with indications that if you do prosecute, if you do bring a criminal charge, it will have a negative impact on the national economy, perhaps even the world economy. And I think that is a function of the fact that some of these institutions have become too large.” In their letter, Corker and Warner ask if it is “truly the position of the Department of Justice that some financial institutions are large enough that their management is above prosecution in the case of a serious crime.” They further note that “like many of our colleagues, we believe that criminal behavior at any institution ought to be prosecuted, and responsible parties held accountable.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/13R6X9X.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker is participating in a Senate Banking Committee hearing on the nominations of Richard Cordray to be Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (CFPB) and Mary Jo White to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Watch live: http://1.usa.gov/X2WtgF.
It makes no sense at all to implement Obamacare while the economy is gasping for breath.  See more from my interview on defunding Obamacare with The Kudlow Report:
Reason #2 to defund Obamacare -- it contains 20 tax increases.
 
 SHARE if you're taxed enough already!
NA
SHARE if you want to defund Obamacare and stop it from killing jobs!
Terrific crowd of Texans for coffee this morning. Thanks to everyone for joining us!
The #4 reason to defund Obamacare...
 
 Increased compliance costs dealing with rules written by unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats that are imposing an enormous burden – a burden that will only get worse.
On set with Greta Van Susteren.
As part of my “collecting common sense for Washington from Wyoming” videos, I sat down earlier today and recorded a response to some questions and comments. Click the link below to see if I addressed your concerns about the sequester (spending cuts) that took effect March 1 and my support for Senator Rand Paul’s filibuster.
I’m disappointed the sequester spending cuts are being applied in a carnival-like atmosphere.  We’ve got shell games and sideshows designed to distract people from the fact that in 2008 we were spending less on most of these programs than the level the sequester would put them.  It’s true the sequester is a poor way to make cuts, but it’s been made poorer by what the Administration has chosen to cut.  They could do a little more “worst first” cuts and fewer “contrived crisis” cuts.
Friday I had the opportunity to participate in the annual Jefferson County Agri-Business Banquet hosted by the Fairbury Jeffs High School FFA Chapter and shared the evening with farmers, area business representatives, and members of Nebraska FFA.
The Senate Judiciary Committee will continue voting on several gun control measures this morning at 10:15 a.m.  You can watch the deliberations live at the link below.
Bipartisan Senate bill would encourage high achieving students
New Report on Smithsonian Employee Travel
Grassley Introduces Bill to Restore Consumer Choice for Cellphone Users
Leahy-Grassley cell phone unlocking bill gives Consumer choice abt wireless network service- we work for passage
Washington’s fiscal mismanagement
Some banks 'too big to jail'? Maybe yes, attorney general says
CNN Travel names Ely, Nevada one of America's best small town comebacks. Check it out here: http://bit.ly/Y52Q3k
Andrew Gordon will make an outstanding District Court judge in Nevada and I am pleased the Senate confirmed him. Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/15Klzqf
Met with Col. Price to push the Corps to move forward with a three-part strategy to improve Minot area flood protections.
Thanks to University of North Dakota MBA and MPA graduate students for visiting today. It was great to meet some of our nation's future leaders.
The President is playing politics with public safety by closing contract air traffic control towers across Oklahoma. The post-sequestration FAA operations budget is still nearly $200 million more than it was when President Obama came into office. It is difficult to understand how a 5% cut in the FAA budget brought on by sequestration can result in the shutting of all contract towers nationwide. My bill S.16 would have brought flexibility to how the across-the-board sequester cuts were administrated and would have mitigated situations such as this. Unfortunately, the President threatened a veto of my bill. I will continue to work with my colleagues in the Senate to find solutions to avoiding the most damaging effects of sequestration, and am determined to hold this Administration accountable for the way it implements the budget cuts.  http://newsok.com/faa-plans-to-close-air-traffic-control-towers-at-six-of-oklahomas-airports/article/3764842
NA
NA
We should make it a priority to keep the commitments we have made to those who have sacrificed the most for our freedom before we make new commitments that we can't afford.  Defunding Obamacare is one of the best places where we can cut government spending.  Obamacare is slowing economic growth through higher taxes and regulatory uncertainty.  Contrary to the president's promises, healthcare premiums continue to rise.  The federal reserve is warning that businesses across the country are reducing their labor forces as they brace for impact.  As we debate the continuing resolution to fund the federal government, I have partnered with Senator Ted Cruz to ensure that the negative impacts of Obamacare continue to inform the discussion of what we need to do to fix Washington.
More and more Republican are signing on to the Cruz/Lee amendment to delay the funding of Obamacare.  Senator Ted Cruz does an excellent job of explaining why it is so important that we have this vote.
NA
UPDATED PHOTO: Check out RedTapeTower - nearly 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations vs original Obamacare bill.
McConnell: "Somehow, Presidents managed to submit budgets on time in the middle of World War II, during the Great Depression – but not today? There’s simply no excuse."
McConnell: "Part of the reason costs are set to increase so dramatically is because Obamacare levies so many new taxes and fees. But that’s only half the story. It’s also because the law imposes so many onerous regulations." For updates on Sen. McConnell, you can also follow Sen. McConnell's office on Twitter at @McConnellPress
I am strongly opposed to the FAA’s plan to shut down air traffic control towers across the country, including seven towers in Kansas. I joined the Kansas delegation in expressing my concern to Secretary LaHood and FAA Administrator Huerta, and will be taking this fight a step further by introducing an amendment to the CR to protect these contract towers. I am committed to aviation in rural America and know firsthand the importance of maintaining commercial air service in communities across Kansas.
I met with Air Force Chief of Staff General Welsh this afternoon and laid out Alaskan’s closing argument against the proposed F-16 Aggressor squadron move.  Find out more about my plan to both boost our nation’s defenses and save money here: http://1.usa.gov/Xq2WrL
For all the heroics, there are scars that many veterans wear – whether physical or mental – that deserve our respect and attention.  The Serving Soldiers legislation package I am co-sponsoring would ensure that the honors bestowed upon Alaska’s 70,000+ veterans aren’t devalued and that our women veterans needing care for psychological, physical and mental wounds inflicted by their peers must be treated fully and fairly. Learn more about the bills here:
I’ve made sure the 2013 budget requires that the Indian Health Service keep its funding promise to Alaska Natives and helps meet the basic medical needs Alaska’s First People.  These are tight budget times, but I believe keeping Alaskans healthy now means we can keep health care costs down in the long run.  It’s an investment in our most valuable natural resource: Alaskans themselves.
It has been two years since the massive earthquake and tsunami had such a devastating impact on Japan.  The full impacts on our coast are still coming, and I want to make sure we work together on the recovery.
Our country cannot afford to give White House tours right now, yet we have $250 million extra to give to a country that burns our flag?  The American taxpayer should be outraged.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODtpfGT3GJU
Great news for Parsons today. We are one step closer to closing the book on a long effort to transfer the Army Ammunition Plant site to the community and industry.  It has been an eight year bipartisan effort working hand in hand with then Senator and now Governor Sam Brownback, Senator Jerry Moran, Reps. Jim Ryun, Nancy Boyda and later Lynn Jenkins. This is great news for Parsons as it begins to redevelop the remaining section of the Army Ammunition Plant and focus on creating even more jobs in Southeast Kansas.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=5abdd0ad-fc91-4704-905a-da03cae3711e
Congratulations to my friend June Windscheffel for being designated the American Business Women's Association Career Chapter's 2013 Woman of Distinction for contributions to her community and the state. June is a real gaurdian of Kansas culture and history and is a woman of distinction every year in my book. Congrats June!
Rubio To Introduce Measure To Block Aid To Egypt Absent Economic & Human Rights Reforms: http://1.usa.gov/15L1SyF  Earlier today, Rubio discussed the measure on the Senate floor.: http://bit.ly/YYDV0o
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Expose Costs Of Federal Regulations For Small Businesses: http://1.usa.gov/12MwXUP
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Highlights Entrepreneurship Education Initiative In Orlando: http://bit.ly/ZxonSo
Senator Rubio Praises House GOP Budget As Serious Plan To Grow Economy, Solve Debt Problem   “Paul Ryan and House Republicans have once again offered serious solutions to our nation’s growing debt and challenging job market.  We need to save our Medicare and Social Security programs, and this is a way to do it without affecting current retirees like my mom or those who are close to retiring.  This plan is also right to call for the end of ObamaCare, which will only become a bigger job-destroying and debt-busting nightmare as it is implemented.  To accept that ObamaCare is here to stay is to accept another anchor that threatens to sink our kids’ dreams."  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/Zxel3s
NA
"We look forward to working with our colleagues who share that goal and are willing to join us in this effort." -Sen. Shelby  READ: Senator Shelby's floor speech on the Mikulski-Shelby substitute amendment http://shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=1331d609-51a1-4d57-b27c-e0a8a10e5da2
Sen. Sessions will be appearing on the Richard Dixon Show at 2:15 p.m. CT. You can listen live here: http://bit.ly/XSrbu0
My state offices are now open and stand ready to serve South Carolinians   http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=340972
I support tuition assistance for our service members and am disappointed that the administration is making these cuts. I co-authored legislation last week that would have given the administration the ability to make smarter spending reductions focusing on waste, duplicate programs, and lower priority expenditures - rather than going after tuition assistance. I believe this administration can and should find smarter spending cuts instead of taking away tuition assistance from those who protect our country and I will keep working toward this important goal.
The medals awarded to men and women in harm’s way, facing enemy fire, are very special and should remain so.  It appears Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has heard my concerns and those of Pennsylvania’s service members. He seems to be taking another look. While I fully support appropriate recognition of all military personnel whose extraordinary actions make a difference in combat operations, I'm concerned about this new medal's ranking in DOD's order of precedence. Pennsylvania’s veterans and others have told me of their unease with ranking the new medal above the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart. I hope Secretary Hagel reverses the decision.
ICYMI: the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette agrees with me and numerous veterans and advocacy organizations across Pennsylvania that these new drone medals should not rank above medals for our combat veterans.
Happy 134th anniversary to Pennsylvania’s 28th Infantry Division - "the Iron Division." I'm pleased to be meeting today with the Adjutant General of Pennsylvania, Major General Wes Craig, who once commanded the Iron Division. Happy anniversary to all Keystone Soldiers. “Roll On.”
NA
