Yesterday in the HELP committee, I expressed my concerns about appointing Thomas Perez as Labor Secretary. Watch my remarks by clicking below.
Astonishing, the same official in charge of the IRS unit under investigation is now in charge of Obamacare enforcement.
Abuses at the IRS, the farm bill advances, the water resources bill clears the Senate and much more in this edition of the “Week in Review.”
Thousands of police officers were in Washington this week to celebrate National Police Week and honor fallen officers. I thank the law enforcement officers in Arkansas and across the country who dedicate their lives to protecting our children and communities and seek to bring criminals to justice. Thank you for your work. You can read more in our weekly column.
We welcomed home some members of the Arkansas National Guard who returned from a deployment in Kosovo and the 1039th Engineer Company also returned home to their families this week. This is Specialist Josh Smothers meeting his daughter. Thank you to our troops and their families for their service and sacrifice.
The DOE’s approval of only one LNG export project in the last two years casts doubt on the Administration’s commitment to increasing exports and jobs.
New revelation in the IRS scandal: We have now learned that the individual leading the tax-exempt unit at the agency has been reassigned to lead the department responsible for the implementation of Obamacare.  Why?  This is unacceptable.  Idahoans are concerned with what is going on at the IRS and do not want this organization involved in their health care.
NYT: The Treasury Department’s inspector general told senior Treasury officials in June 2012 he was investigating the Internal Revenue Service’s screening of politically active organizations seeking tax exemptions, disclosing for the first time on Friday that Obama administration officials were aware of the matter during the presidential campaign year.
Honored to greet DFW Honor Flight and welcome true American heroes at the WWII Memorial in DC Friday afternoon.
Examiner: GOP Slams IRS Pick to Run Obamacare Enforcement Office:
Hannity on my bill to block IRS from implementing Obamacare:
"Cornyn responded with a bill that would prohibit...the IRS from enforcing the health care law:"
Cornyn: New IRS Commissioner "a White House Insider," will do "absolutely nothing" to restore public trust:
"The lust for power, for dominating others, inflames the heart more than any other passion." -- Cornelius Tacitus (55-117 A.D.)
Speaking yesterday on CNN about his continued quest for answers from the Obama administration regarding the CIA's secret payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai, Senator Corker wondered how the U.S. would react to other countries providing these payments.  "[T]he fact we're taking suitcases full of cash and giving it to this democratically elected leader and possibly to relatives in other parts of the country, to me that is totally the antithesis of what [our] country represents," said Corker. "If we knew Russia or Iran or some other country was delivering suitcases full of cash to the Afghan president, how would we view that? I don't know why we're doing this...I want a public explanation as to why our country would be engaged in this kind of behavior." Watch it here: http://bit.ly/13AXgeH
Today is a celebration of you and your hard work -- congratulations to all the Texas Tech graduates!
 
 Throughout history, we have carried the torch of freedom. Graduating from Texas Tech, y'all are prepared to go forward carrying that torch.
Biggest takeaway from the IRS hearing: "I'll have to get back with you" is apparently an acceptable response to the IRS.   Remember that on April 15th.
Sorry Vice President Joe Biden, even Jim and Pam have packed up and gone to Texas!
Senator Cardin and I introduced legislation this week that would prevent people from losing money they set aside for out of pocket health care costs. Families shouldn't have to worry about losing money at the end of year because their healthcare costs are less than they expected. This bill will end “use-it-or-lose-it” practices for medical flexible spending accounts and help to put families and consumers in control of their medical decisions, not penalize them.
Along with Senate Finance Committee Ranking Member Hatch and others on the committee, I’ve asked Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, Russell George, to conduct a full investigation into IRS’ possible role in the disclosure of nine conservative groups’ confidential applications for tax-exempt status.  This follows multiple letters we sent last summer about concerns we had with the politicization of the IRS.
NA
Way to go Candice Glover, our new American Idol! You made us so proud!
Is motivation of IRS investigating Tea Party groups b/c they fight BigGovernment and govt employes want more govt?
Gas prices shooting up rapidly in Iowa b/c two refineries shut down in Chicago for repair
Treasury IG investigation of IRS makes clear the agency tried to dampen political speech of groups opposed to Dems during last election
The Ways&Means Comm hearing on IRS intimidating conservative group abt tax exempt status shows how chilling the agency can be on pol activty
Congratulations to all University of Nevada, Reno and University of Nevada, Las Vegas graduates! Wishing you many more successes in the future. #BattleBorn #RunAsOne
No one should have his or her health care taken away due to Obamacare. Unfortunately, the way the law is designed, many other cities and employers will follow Mayor Emanuel’s lead.  http://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=23c3c267-0da3-4fd4-8225-c6a34aef91ac
"When the IRS can harass tea-party groups, when the Department of Justice can monitor reporters’ conversations, when the EPA can adopt double standards for ideological allies and opponents, when Health and Human Services regulators can openly extort the businesses they regulate — in short, when there is no accountability — we are no longer citizens but subjects."
"This isn't about one particular person. It's not necessarily even about one particular party, although one party is in control of government right now and it's certainly to blame for what happened here. But this is bigger than that. When our federal government gets to be something that spends $4 trillion a year, it's unmanageable. This is one of the few moments I find myself agreeing with something david axelrod has said. He said yesterday that the federal government is just too vast for any one person, including the president of the united states, to be able to control. That means it's time to ramp it down. That means it's time to simplify. That means what we have is too dangerous to be trusted."
Op-by by Senator Brandon Smith: Sen. McConnell, and those of us at the local, state and national levels who joined him to back the legislation, see it as an essential component in the drive to curb ill-advised regulation of the coal industry and return thousands of mining jobs to Kentucky and other states.
500 US Special Operations & Air Force members will soon visit Salina to conduct a series of training exercises. I look forward to welcoming these servicemen and servicewomen to Kansas.
This morning, I enjoyed touring and learning more about Cashco, a valve and regulator manufacturer in Ellsworth. Thank you to Cashco General Manager Clint Rodgers for the invitation and for continuing to invest in this Kansas community.
In case you missed the clip last night, I discussed the newest revelation that the IRS official in charge of the tax-exempt organizations at the time the unit targeted conservative groups now runs the IRS office responsible for the implementation of Obamacare. Under the new health care law, the IRS has tremendous power in terms of enforcement. We must make certain the Administration understands the IRS is not a tool of politics.
We all agree that our health care system needs to be improved, but I remain concerned that the health care reform bill is a flawed approach and I think it should be repealed. We're seeing higher premiums, new fees, and now it's looking like a lot of hourly workers are going to see their hours cut below 30 hours. I'm co-sponsoring a bill to do something about that:
No, your eyes are not playing tricks on you- that’s snow outside my Anchorage office.  Needless to say, the bike rental place across the street is closed.  Weather experts say as much as 6 inches could fall in the city tonight.
It’s National Bike to Work Day and I took to 2 wheels this morning, although I must admit, my commute in DC was probably vastly easier than it was it at home in Alaska (snow on May 17th?!!)  Watch:
The first Copper River salmon is in Seattle! This premier wild Alaskan salmon can command as much as $50 a pound on the market there, and I know there are restaurants around Alaska that will be serving the succulent salmon on their menus tonight.   I don’t know about you, but I can’t wait to catch my own!
Troubling report: IRS asked pro-life group about content of public prayers. Unconscionable. We need answers immediately.
Alright, Ohio, let's go vote for Cincinnati-Style Chili in America's Best Food contest.
In case you missed it: I penned an op-ed for Investor's Business Daily on my bill to repeal anti-privacy provisions of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).   http://news.investors.com/ibd-editorials-perspective/051613-656356-limit-foreign-access-to-your-bank-accounts.htm?p=2
I spoke about the IRS scandal with Neil Cavuto of the Fox Business Network last night. Check out the video below.   http://youtu.be/dhzk7jF4fo0
The Farm Bill is on the Senate floor next week. I gave a preview of the debate to Kelly Lenz of Ag on 580 WIBW and the Kansas Agriculture Network. Catch the full interview here.  http://kansasagnetwork.com/2013/05/kansas-ag-issues-podcast-05172013/
Tonight we learn that the IRS commissioner in charge of the division that targeted conservative groups from 2009-2012 is now the director of the IRS' Affordable Care Office. IRS has hired 16,000 new agents to enforce the mandates in Obamacare. We will dig into this development and more at our Finance Committee hearing next week.
On with Neil Cavuto aka @teamcavuto to talk IRS scandal. Flip over to Fox Business Network to check it out!
Sen. Shelby discusses IRS scandal with Now This News:  http://www.nowthisnews.com/news/sen-richard-shelby-it-reminds-me-old-dark-days/
March 1, 2013
April 12, 2013
April 2, 2013
I'll be calling Common Cents on 660AM/92.9FM in Greenville at 5p!
Congratulations Candice Glover! The Palmetto State is proud of our American Idol from Beaufort County.
My weekly newsletter is available here. Have a great weekend!
I'm working to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the members of the Devil's Brigade, a top-secret combat force of volunteers from the United States and Canada. Their high-risk missions figured prominently in the liberation of Italy and France. Pennsylvania is home to six Devil’s Brigade veterans – the most of any state – and the unit’s proud legacy is shared by today’s Special Operations Forces.
Congratulations to Naomi Taylor for winning the Delta Council's top honor graduate award.
