Today's front page of the Springfield News-Leader highlights my recent discussion with Missourians about gas prices. More American energy means more American jobs.
NA
Cornyn: Admin’s Misplaced Priorities Impede Meal Service For Wounded Warriors At Walter Reed:
We need a border security plan from WH and metrics to determine effectiveness; unbelievable it doesn't yet exist.
More Fast & Furious guns surface at Mexican crime scenes; Holder and Obama still claim executive privilege stymying Congressional investigation
George Will compares Obama to Nixon
"I will now tell you what I do not like. First, the omission of a bill of rights, providing clearly, and without the aid of sophism, for freedom of religion, freedom of the press, protection against standing armies, restriction of monopolies, the eternal and unremitting force of the habeas corpus laws, and trials by jury in all matters of fact triable by the laws of the land, and not by the laws of nations. ... Let me add that a bill of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government on earth, general or particular; and what no just government should refuse, or rest on inference." -- Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826), US Founding Father, drafted the Declaration of Independence, 3rd US President Source: December 20th, 1787, Jefferson letter to James Madison about his concerns regarding the Constitution.
Calling 154K Texans for tele-townhall tonight, mainly in North Texas area.  If you want to join, call 877-229-8493 ID 13281#
Senator Corker made the following statement today regarding the violence in Egypt: “The United States should continue to try to be a voice of calm in Egypt. I appreciated much of what the president had to say, and while it reflected an arms-length disapproval of the military’s actions, I wish he had stressed more clearly the need for the Muslim Brotherhood to also act responsibly. I hope the White House is actively working with other countries in the neighborhood behind the scenes to reduce tensions between the parties and get the democratic process back on track.” Corker has been traveling to portions of the Middle East this week, including Turkey, Iraq and Jordan, to speak with U.S. and foreign officials regarding regional political and security issues, particularly the conflict in Syria, violence in Egypt, and the threat of sectarian violence and terrorism in the region. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/128oedm.
President Obama says his priority is the economy, yet his signature legislation raises taxes that will kill the economy.   #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Great day today in Chadron!  Thanks to everyone who came out to today’s listening session at Chadron State College. Afterwards, I had an informative roundtable discussion with several Veteran Service officers.
Great to be in Chadron today. Looking forward to hearing from more Nebraskans at the Listening Session I'm holding at Chadron State College. I'll also be in Alliance this afternoon for a Listening Session at Knight Museum and Sandhills Center at 5pm MT. Hope you can make it!
From Benghazi to Cairo to Damascus to Baghdad, we're failing across the board. President Obama's foreign policy is NOT working.   The Middle East is literally in flames.  And if Egypt becomes a failed, fractured state, I just cannot imagine what Israel's future looks like.
Freshman Senator Tim Scott did as clear xplanatjon of Republican program as anybody on Fox's Greta  tonite.
Thank you to all the VA reps, #Veteran organizations & over 80 companies who came out to support/employ #Illinois Vets today.
Senator McConnell is meeting now with constituents at Monument Chemical in Brandenburg, Kentucky; talking Obamacare & energy issues.
As Kansas students head back to school, here's a photo of me from a few years back at Plainville Grade School. #tbt
This week, I joined hospital administrators from across Kansas at Susan B. Allen Memorial Hospital in El Dorado for a roundtable meeting. We discussed concerns with the Electronic Health Records transition, as well as implementation of the Affordable Care Act and the new Exchanges’ impact on hospitals. Thanks to Susan B. Allen CEO Gayle Arnett for hosting this productive session.
You may be wondering why I am not smiling in this picture.  I’m not smiling because this box of Tide is $46.64 plus tax in Napaskiak.  That is simply unacceptable.  Something is seriously wrong when residents of a community in the United States are forced to pay that much just to wash their clothes.
Today’s the first day of school for kids in the Mat-Su.  Every time I visit an Alaskan school, I am blown away by how smart and plugged into national and local issues these guys are.  Good luck to all Alaska’s students - learn a lot, be safe and have a great year!
My mobile office staff is wrapping things up in Hope for the day, then tomorrow it is off to Seward and Cooper Landing.  Then this weekend, we will be holding mobile office hours in Southeast.  See a full list of stops here: http://1.usa.gov/19j09Cx
Great discussion with the Dayton Development Coalition today. Exciting job creation opportunities for the region.
Learning how C-STARS works. The program helps save countless lives of wounded military personnel. Proud to have at UC Health.
Jane & I had the chance to visit UC Medical Center staff partnering with the U.S. Air Force on a critical training program today.
Great to talk to the National FOP Conference in Cincinnati this morning. Thank for all their service. Excited to have them in Ohio this year.
NA
Mandatory minimums are costly, unfair and do not make our country safer.   Read my joint op-ed with Senator Leahy HERE: http://www.usnews.com/debate-club/is-eric-holder-making-a-good-move-on-mandatory-minimums/rand-paul-and-patrick-leahy-congress-is-read-to-do-away-with-mandatory-minimums
While President Obama 'condemns the violence in Egypt', his Administration continues to send billions of taxpayer dollars to help pay for it. With more than 500 dead and thousands more injured this week alone, chaos only continues to grow in Egypt.   So Mr. President, stop skirting the issue, follow the law, and cancel all foreign aid to Egypt.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=925
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Visits Pensacola Talking About ObamaCare   Rubio: “I think we should fund the government. I just don’t think we should fund ObamaCare.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/19ktQn0
In response to a recent news article that revealed startling abuses in the Lifeline "Obamaphone" program (see here: http://bit.ly/17PUNvk), Sen. Sessions sent a letter to the FCC today asking a series of oversight questions about the program and the apparent failure to check applicants' eligibility.
In case you missed it: I went On the Record with Greta Van Susteren last night to talk about the need to repeal Obamacare and create an environment for businesses to grow  http://youtu.be/1OS4RQRUaNc
Discussing the problems Obamacare is causing for South Carolina business owners and employees at inForum
I'll be going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren on Fox News tonight at 10p eastern, make sure to tune in!
Please share: American Red Cross and FOP Lodge 5 are holding a blood drive for Officer Edward Davies at Temple University Hospital from 8-5 today & tomorrow.
Had a wonderful tour of Hankins Lumber in Ripley today. Their mill produces more than 95 million feet of lumber each year.
