In this edition of the “Week in Review”: More revelations of IRS abuses, important veterans’ legislation and much more.
With Memorial Day approaching, the Senate unanimously voted this week to send an important bill to the White House that will protect the integrity of military honors. The "Stolen Valor Act of 2013" will make it a federal crime to profit from lies about military medals. The President should quickly sign it.
I'm Looking forward to joining Bill Hemmer this morning on Fox News at 10:30 am (ET) 8:30 am (MT).
Congress and the American people need answers from the IRS. Like and Share if you agree.
May is Lyme disease Awareness Month and Senators Collins and Klobuchar are calling on the FDA to address a shortage of a critical drug used to treat this terrible disease.  Read more:
Posted more stories Texans have shared with me about unfair IRS targeting:
Great to meet with Judge Ricardo Hinojosa:
Weekly Standard on my bill w/ @RepTomPrice to block IRS from enforcing Obamacare:
Great meeting with leaders from the city of New Braunfels yesterday:
Notable that in "historic" speech on national security, POTUS avoids confronting Iran's nuclear march and Syria's unraveling, higher priorities for security of US and our allies.
POTUS declaring War on Terror over?  Do terrorist agree?  Not!
It was a great privilege to join Hillsdale College for their commencement. You can watch the address tonight on CSPAN around 7:25 CT. http://www.c-span.org/
The latest edition of "Rich States, Poor States" makes the case that limited regulation, low taxes, low debt, and balanced budgets create the best environment for business, investment, and jobs.
Diana and I join with all our friends, family and the people of Wyoming in expressing our heartfelt appreciation to all those who have served or are serving in our nation’s Armed Forces. Thanks to them, their families and all those with whom they served, we have received the blessings that come from our citizenship and our American way of life
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a fall internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply is June 28th. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
The National Taxpayers Union recently rated legislation in Congress as spending or saving the most when it comes to federal spending.  They rated my Penny Plan/1 percent solution bill the #1 bill as far as saving taxpayers money.  Click below to see the “Taxpayer Tab, BillTally Update: The Biggest Spending and Cut Proposals So Far” ratings.
NA
I'll begin our Memorial Day instate work period in the Nebraska Panhandle and finish with meetings in Omaha on June 1st. Looking forward to visiting with Nebraskans as I travel the state. So great to be where we have "The Good Life" - Nebraska!
Grassley, Landrieu Introduce the Foster Youth Stamp Act
IRS Official in Targeting Mess Put on Administrative Leave
My good colleague senator harkin has chosen Drake U to receive his papers.  I'm glad to hear he chose an Iowa institution. I chose UNI in'86
Sad day for Iowa, WHO radio fans, UofIowa Hawkeyes b/c Jim Zabel died. Still at 91 he was analyzing sports for Iowans. We will miss Jim
Introduced legislation with Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn) to help reduce the impacts of simultaneous refinery shutdowns on gas prices.
NA
NA
Today I had a productive discussion with members of the Goodland Rotary Club during their meeting at Northwest Technical College. Topics ranged from health care and the Farm Bill to immigration reform. It's always good to get a good dose of Kansas common sense from folks in Northwest Kansas.
Today, I am releasing my 12th Veteran Spotlight, and this month, it is on Ron Travis of Big Lake, AK.  Ron’s story is one of a true American patriot.  He has lived some of the injustices we have put our veterans through in the past, and has been a driving force in Alaska to make sure we fully appreciate their sacrifices.  On this Memorial Day, and every day, we owe it to veterans like Ron Travis to honor them through sharing their stories, and we owe it to the rest of us to learn from the their high levels of patriotism, commitment and service.
Charging a fee for cars or walkers who cross the U.S. border is a bad idea.  In Alaska, we are so closely linked with Canada that crossing the border is a part of daily life for many to access essential services, travel to jobs, shop, dine, attend church and to visit family and friends.  This proposal would limit that needlessly so I am telling my colleagues to stop it in its tracks.
After a few cancelled flights last night, I just landed in Ohio. Headed home to wish my wife Jane a Happy Birthday!
My friend Congressman Jim Bridenstine from Oklahoma is a strong voice for fiscal conservatism. Jim is trying to hit 10,000 Facebook likes by the end of the week. Please Like his page.
Watch my interview with Eric Bolling last night on Fox News discussing my response to the President's speech yesterday.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4alwhryiB8s
I am against the idea that American citizens should be forced to carry around a National Identification Card as a condition of citizenship. I worry that the Senate is working to consider a series of little-noticed provisions in comprehensive immigration reform that may provide a pathway to a national ID card for all individuals present in the United States - citizens and noncitizens. These draconian ideas would simply give government too much power.  Read more: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/may/24/blocking-the-pathway-to-a-national-id/
NA
“‘To be effective any immigration reform bill must heed the warnings from our federal immigration agents,' [Sen. Sessions and Rep. Goodlatte] wrote. ‘Unfortunately, far from being included in the process, ICE officers have been shut out and have even had their day-to-day operations handcuffed by DHS officials to the point of being unable to carry out their sworn duties.’”
NA
This month is National Foster Care Month. Thank you foster parents for helping so many kids realize their potential.
Even just one case of sexual assault is unacceptable, either within the military or society as a whole. We have seen troubling media reports suggesting incidents of sexual assault in the military. Our service members must be protected from it. We must have a prompt response when such charges occur so that those responsible are held accountable. I have already introduced legislation to address sexual assault in Veterans Affairs facilities, and we must do more to ensure the safety and protection of our service members and veterans.
Now available: my weekly e-update. Happy Friday everyone!
