Follow me on Instagram for new photos from Missouri and in Washington. 
Here is the latest update on Senator Boozman's recovery. Thank you all for the prayers and well-wishes. ~Staff  Senator Boozman continues on a positive recovery track following successful heart surgery. The Senator’s family and medical team are sharing information about the procedure to remedy the acute aortic dissection he was diagnosed with early Tuesday morning and his prognosis.  “Senator Boozman is doing amazingly well after surgery to replace his ascending aorta. One reason he is doing so well is because of his great physical condition. At this time, we expect the Senator to have a full recovery. He should be able to return to his full duties without any restrictions in the future,” said Dr. E.J. Chauvin, the Mercy Cardiac & Thoracic surgeon, who performed the surgery.  Boozman was moved from the intensive care unit (ICU) to a private recovery room yesterday. As he continues to regain strength, Boozman has been conversational with family for long stretches of the day and walking frequently with the aid of medical staff.    “The Senator is mobile and conversational to the extent that he can be given the discomfort this procedure creates. He’s spent a great deal of time talking with his family and even spoke briefly with his Chief of Staff. We are told these are all excellent signs that his recovery is on the right track,” spokesman Patrick Creamer said.  Boozman’s family, who continues to be with him at the hospital, released a statement on Wednesday expressing their gratitude for the prayers, kind words and well-wishes that have come from Arkansans and people all across the country. They also expressed their gratitude for the excellent care the doctors, nurses and medical staff at Mercy Hospital are providing.  Eric Pianalto, Mercy Hospital President, shared, “We are thankful for Senator Boozman’s family’s confidence and faith in us here at Mercy. Our team of providers and physicians are certainly trained and ready for these types of conditions. While it has been a difficult time for him and his family, we’re glad they are here to receive the compassionate care and exceptional service we strive to offer all of our Northwest Arkansas community.”   Mercy is the sixth largest Catholic health care system in the U.S. and serves more than 3 million people annually. Mercy includes 33 acute care hospitals, four heart hospitals, two children’s hospitals, two rehab hospitals and one orthopedic hospital, nearly 700 clinic and outpatient facilities, 40,000 co-workers and more than 2,100 Mercy Clinic physicians in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. Mercy also has outreach ministries in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.   Please direct any questions to Senator Boozman’s official office and respect the family’s privacy at this time. At the family’s request, Mercy Hospital cannot give out his room information or allow visitors.      
Thank you NRA for holding your convention in Indianapolis and allowing me the opportunity to offer brief remarks today
NA
Stopped by Signature School in Evansville today. I visited with Executive Director Jean Hitchcock and a calculus class. I avoided any discussion of derivatives! A wonderful group of students.
Planning a trip to Washington, D.C.?  Let my office help.  Visit the tour section of my website for useful information about the many tours my office can assist in scheduling on your behalf, as well as helpful information about additional sites and attractions throughout the D.C. area.
IRS scandal, day 351
Sen. Corker today made the following statement regarding the Obama administration's failure to enforce the threat of new sanctions despite Russia's continued interference in eastern Ukraine and refusal to take any steps to implement the Geneva agreement that was supposed to de-escalate the crisis: "President Putin is only emboldened by empty rhetoric, so it is time for the administration to back up their talk by immediately putting in place tough sanctions against Russian banks and energy companies," said Corker. "Right now, the feeling on the ground is that Putin is more committed to the failure of Ukraine’s struggling democracy than the West is to its success, and only forceful and immediate action like this can begin to change that dynamic.  In addition, the United States must develop a long-term strategy to counter Russian aggression in Europe since the impact of Putin's interference extends far beyond Ukraine." http://1.usa.gov/1gXbN8j
We need answers from BLM.
Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott and I have some questions for the BLM about the Red River Boundary Compact and associated lands that the agency needs to answer ASAP:
The #Benghazi victims and their families need MUCH more than your regrets, Secretary Clinton. They need justice.
Washington could use a lot more Wyoming ideas and values.  I’ve introduced legislation that would limit each bill to one topic and I’ve cosponsored a bill that would require Congress to switch to a biennial budget like Wyoming works under. But even if my eastern and urban colleagues continue to work against sensible policies, maybe they could consider adopting a few habits we’ve developed in the West. I’m referring to the Code of the West, principles like when you make a promise, keep it and remember that some things are not for sale.
Today I sent a letter to the IRS Commissioner demanding answers and accountability amid a recent report highlighting mismanagement and employee misconduct, including failure to pay taxes, misusing government credit cards for travel, drug use, violent threats and fraudulently claiming unemployment benefits. Rather than rewarding tax delinquent employees with bonuses, they should be fired according to the law.
Q&A w112 ppl at Nationwide Ins-Topics-national debt, nuclear option, government shutdown, Obamacare, Ukaine, Fast&Furious oversight
Q&A w 38 students/teachers at Newton HS Topics-termlimits, Ukraine, Tuition INCREASE, Borlaug, tort reform, TWITTER, Military cuts, RFS
I'm at the newton HS
Q&A w 104 students/teachers at Grinnell HS Topics-Partisanship, gay marriage, campaigns/finance, debt, Senate GOP control, filibusters
Good MTG & Q&A w approx 60 Americorps students/leaders/community members in Vinton-1 of 5 campuses in U.S.
Enjoyed visiting today with the great students, teachers, and staff at TGU Granville.  Many thanks to Kimi Ofsthun for inviting me to visit TGU.
“North Dakotans have a strong tradition of dedicated military service. These veterans and their families have made tremendous sacrifices serving our nation. Today we honor their service and present them with the medals they earned serving in the U.S Army.”
NA
Yesterday, my colleagues and I sent a letter to President Obama that stressed our concern over the new immigration“enforcement review” he ordered. The President's requested changes would limit deportations of individuals that are in the United States illegally and would essentially abandon basic immigration enforcement. Please read the letter and my full statement here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-senators-the-administration-is-allowing-preventable-crimes-harming-innocent-people-to-take-place-everyday
Amazing, what some congressional oversight can accomplish when executive branch officials misbehave. http://t.co/hzqCIvqmdY
Sen. Johnson talking with and taking questions from a great group of members from the WI Chapter of Metal Services Center Institute today in Germantown.
Attention those in and around Janesville! Sen. Johnson will be hosting a Town Hall today, we hope you can drop by! It will be at 5 p.m. in the Janesville Municipal Building Council Chambers, 4th Floor; 18 N. Jackson St.
Senator Johnson discusses his bipartisan OIG report on Fox News Channel’s America’s Newsroom.
Senator Dick Durbin and I met with BP America President John Minge to keep BP accountable for cleaning up Lake Michigan after last month's oil spill. There is no room for error with our natural resources, and BP needs to prove it is capable of protecting our lake from further pollution and contamination.
Earlier this week I drove to Sterling to meet with the leadership team and employees of JACAM Chemical Company. Started more than 30 years ago in the family garage, company founder and chief executive officer Dr. Gene Zaid has built JACAM into an internationally recognized leader in energy innovation. With more than 130 employees in Sterling and a presence in 13 states and five countries, JACAM is involved in many aspects of the oil and gas production, including manufacturing, field services, distribution, lab work as well as cutting edge research and development. I enjoyed learning more about this great Kansas success story. Thanks again to Gene and his son, Jason West, company president, for the kind invitation to visit.
Today is YWCA’s Stand Against Racism Day. Its a movement that works to eliminate racism by raising awareness today. I am taking a stand and I encourage all of you to participate by checking out their website here: http://www.standagainstracism.org/index.html
Great to be with the Eastern Ohio Development Alliance today. Productive discussion on how Washington regulations impede business and how to increase economic opportunities in the region.
A real treat to tour Children's Mercy Hospital today. They are doing truly amazing work.
This morning in Overland Park, I had a great opportunity to visit with a couple hundred Kansas community bankers and credit union officers at the Topeka Federal Home Loan Bank's Annual Management Conference. We discussed needless government regulations and the negative impact they have on Kansas consumers. Let's repeal Dodd-Frank!
The SEA Jobs Act, part of my Opportunity Agenda, will help unleash America's energy potential, and promote STEM education and veterans hiring.  http://scott.senate.gov/OpportunityAgenda
Happy Friday PA! Here's your weekly update. Prefer inbox delivery? See http://ow.ly/waZEB. Thanks for reading!
Congrats to the workers at Aker Philadelphia Shipyard on the commissioning of the 115,000 ton crude oil tanker Liberty Bay today.
"A day after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected as excessive a $3.4 million restitution award for a Pennsylvania child pornography victim, Sen. Pat Toomey was working on legislation to ensure just compensation for those similarly abused."
Read my op-ed with Rep. Aaron Schock in today's Fox News Opinion page: America Must Not Retreat from Russia's Information War.
