Yesterday, Senator Alexander spoke on a bill he introduced in response to the administration’s announced plan to prohibit the interstate commerce of legal ivory, and products that contain legal ivory, such as firearms, musical instruments, antiques, and family heirlooms – regulations that could “actually take away our guns.” Read more here: http://tiny.cc/8mgijx  “I support stopping poachers, and I support stopping the trade of illegal ivory. What I don’t support is treating Tennessee musicians, antique shops, and firearms sellers like illegal ivory smugglers… This legislation will stop the administration from taking away our legal guns, guitars, and other items that contain legal ivory if we try to sell them across state lines.”
I am very pleased that #MeriamIbrahim and her family have escaped captivity in Sudan and can now safely travel to the U.S. The 27-year-old wife of an American citizen, who gave birth in jail, has been imprisoned with her two young children and previously faced the death sentence after refusing to disavow her Christian faith. Unfortunately, serious human rights abuses still take place every day around the world. The U.S. can and should do more to promote this basic human right abroad. #SaveMeriam
Today I introduced two amendments to jumpstart job creation. These amendments would help create more good-paying jobs and economic opportunities for American veterans, as well as low and middle-class families in Missouri and nationwide. If Democrats are really serious about helping the Americans who are struggling to find work and make ends meet, they would join Republicans in taking action on these common-sense, job-creating measures. 
Meeting with some great young Arkansans representing our state at Boys Nation and Girls Nation.
Agriculture is so important to our state. It's great that students are involved in learning about the industry. I was pleased to meet with Arkansas FFA President Bryce Rohr from Mountain Home and Secretary Becca Burrow from  Brinkley during their visit to Washington.
Listen live. I'll be joining KASU Public Radio in about 5 minutes. You can listen here.
Enjoyed visiting with the Hewitt family of Greenwood on their trip to the Capitol.
NA
Senator Collins had the pleasure of hearing Megan Shusta perform the French horn today.  Megan, who is from York, is one of 60 students nationwide selected to attend the National Symphony Orchestra’s Summer Music Institute at the Kennedy Center.   “I’m so glad that you came by, and what a pleasure to hear your music.  You play beautifully. I can see you are fast on your way to achieving your goal of becoming a professional musician.” 
Acadia is a true gem of Maine's coastline -- if you have never been, plan a visit!
We still need to know why the FAA took the unprecedented step of shutting down flights to Israel.
The current situation in the Rio Grande Valley is a humanitarian crisis of this Administration’s making. President Obama set the stage for this crisis by refusing to live up to his most basic responsibility to secure our border, imposing huge human and financial costs on border communities and on immigrants who come here illegally.  He has also sent a message to the world that the United States is not serious about enforcing its immigration laws by lawlessly granting amnesty through the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program.   To solve this problem, we must put a stop to President Obama’s amnesty and give governors all options possible to mitigate this crisis in light of the federal government’s inaction.
We rejoice today that our sister, Meriam Ibrahim, has been brought out of the darkness of persecution and into the light of liberty where she can worship freely and fully.  Great thanks are due to the government of Italy, which, not taking no for an answer, exerted the strongest diplomatic pressure to resolve Ms. Ibrahim’s case.  Prime Minister Matteo Renzi publicly raised Ms. Ibrahim’s plight in recent weeks, and Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini has taken a personal interest in the case.  Pope Francis has been a tireless advocate for Ms. Ibrahim through prayer, and their combined and sustained efforts have brought Ms. Ibrahim and her family to safety.  Truly the Lord works in mysterious ways. Ms. Ibrahim’s long trial seemed at times hopeless, as a powerless woman was victimized by a brutal government that would torture and kill its own citizens for their faith.  But its beautiful conclusion today when Pope Francis laid his hands on her in blessing reminds us of the boundless power of pure faith to lift up and preserve the weak and oppressed.    It is also a call to action for all Christians around the globe to redouble our efforts to draw attention to the plight of the many Christians still suffering cruel and unjust imprisonment, including Pastor Saeed Abedini in Iran and Kenneth Bae in North Korea.    The vicious persecution of the Christians of Iraq, especially Mosul, also commands our urgent attention. We prayerfully urge our government to engage fully in their cases.
#TBT: Here's how the Obama-Clinton-Kerry Reset is turning out.
Hope you'll tune in tonight!
Today Sen. Barrasso and I had the pleasure of meeting in my office with Wyoming FFA members Quade Palm from Medicine Bow and Heather Loraas, Kassi Witt, Flannan Stark, and Averi Reynolds from Casper. We talked about their efforts to raise awareness about agricultural education and career opportunities in the tech sector. It is always great to see young people who strive to make Wyoming better!
Because America has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world, companies don’t bring those earnings back home and instead reinvest outside of the United States. This is having a real impact on jobs. My amendments to the “Bring Jobs Home Act” would update America’s tax code for the 21st century, encouraging job creation and investment at home. 
Enjoyed having these young Nebraskans in my office today. Jenna was visiting Washington with Future Business Leaders of America – Phi Beta Lambda; Paige and Colton were here with FFA;  Michael and Joseph were in town with American Legion Boys Nation, and Sarah and Anne were representing American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation. Always encouraged to see Nebraska’s next generation of leaders take such an interest in the issues that will impact the future of our state.
I strongly disagree with the Senate Democrats’ proposed response to the crisis on our southern border.  Their plan amounts to little more than simply throwing money at the problem and their refusal to modify the 2008 law to expedite removals sends the wrong signal.    I fear their plan will only worsen the humanitarian crisis and lead to more suffering.   Senate Democrats may be comfortable with the current situation on the border, but I’m not.  We can and must do better.
Israel must defend itself. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxnKJGDH32E&feature=youtu.be
Had great conversation today with Andie, Casondra, Reed, and Connor.  These bright North Dakota students are doing an outstanding job representing our state as they participate in the American Legion's Boys Nation and Girls Nation.
“We need to make the right kind of investments in our students and our workforce to ensure America can continue to compete in our global, digitally-connected economy. Our colleges and universities in North Dakota continue to make these investments, giving our students the skills they need in the workplace of the future, while also conducting world-class research that keeps our state on the cutting-edge of technology. These grants will help further the important work our schools are doing.”
Great speaking with FFA President Chance Lundberg & Secretary Seena Hagen, two outstanding students who are working hard to shape our state's and nation's ag industry.
“We need to provide our veterans with greater choice to receive care in their local communities when they live far from a VA medical center, hospital or nursing home. VA Secretary nominee McDonald seems receptive to our ideas, and I believe he will work with us on these priorities to ensure our veterans receive the best care possible close to their homes.”
“This is simple, straightforward legislation that provides a set timeline for the Energy Department to make decisions on LNG export permits. This is a compromise between proposals offered by senators on both sides of the aisle and should have enough support to pass through Congress. This legislation is a concrete solution to help us provide energy to our friends and allies. It will weaken Putin’s energy leverage over Europe and encourage the European Union to stand with us on sanctions against Russia.”
President Obama’s deferred action for childhood arrivals (DACA) program, announced in 2012, is responsible for the unprecedented flow of unaccompanied alien children (UAC) crossing the border illegally. This program and President Obama’s campaign rhetoric have given families in Central America the false promise of amnesty here in the United States, as long as they can just get to the border. This is why the Department of Homeland Security is predicting 90,000 UAC to cross the border this year alone, when the number was as low as 6,000 in 2011 and every year before then. This week I joined Senator Ted Cruz, Jeff Sessions and Senator David Vitter on legislation to #StopObamasAmnesty.  You can read more about the legislation here:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-backs-legislation-to-block-funding-for-daca-amnesty
Meriam and her family have been on a long journey over the past year, and I am encouraged to learn that today they are together, safe, and free. Meriam’s story reminds us that there are still many areas of the world where religious intolerance and persecution are not only alive but are being instigated by government leaders.  My wife Kay and my prayers remain with Meriam and her family, as well as those around the world who desire to practice their deeply held faith peacefully and freely but are threatened with imprisonment, disownment, or even death. For the United States to remain an advocate for increased freedoms around the world, it must start with encouraging governments to protect the fundamental right to religious freedom. I appreciate the State Department remaining in constant contact with my office and for working with U.S. allies to assist in her safe release. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/10987694/Sudanese-Christian-woman-Meriam-Ibrahim-arrives-in-Italy.html
The Oklahoma Delegation Prayer Breakfast is one of my favorite annual events I get to participate in here in Washington. I look forward to seeing some of you there this morning! Please join us from 7AM to 8AM Central in prayer for our great state of Oklahoma.
This is the statue of Brigham Young, which is one of two statues from #Utah in the U.S. Capitol Building.  His statue was chosen to be displayed in part because of the role he played as he led the first Mormon pioneers across the plains to settle in the Salt Lake Valley.  Today Utahns celebrate the first arrival of this group of pioneers into the valley on July 24, 1847. #happypioneerday #thisistheplace
We honor best those pioneers who came before us by living our lives with excellence today.  Happy Pioneer Day, Utah!
Yesterday, I met with United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell to discuss health care topics important to Kansans. As I travel across the state visiting with patients, hospital administrators, doctors and other health care providers, almost every discussion involves concerns with the burdens Washington policies place on our providers as they work to care for Kansans. Kansans are strongly opposed to the Obama Administration’s proposals to cut reimbursements to Critical Access Hospitals and eliminate hospitals from this essential rural health program. I explained to Secretary Burwell how the Administration’s policies would jeopardize the survival of many rural hospitals and endanger access to health care in our own communities. I appreciate the Secretary’s willingness to meet with me, and I look forward to a renewed dialogue with her and her team on a range of health care topics important to our state.
Robba and I were upset to hear about the fire that destroyed Abilene's Great Plains Theatre tonight where we had enjoyed a number of performances. The fire is a real loss for a great Kansas community.
August 16, 2014 is now officially National Airborne Day! Very proud that the bipartisan resolution I introduced and was co-sponsored by 20 of my Senate colleagues just passed unanimously!
We have such an opportunity right now with our natural resources to boost both our energy independence and our national security.  Today I discussed the prospects and path forward with the nominee to be Deputy Secretary of Energy.
What a pleasure to meet with future farmers Taylor Armstrong (North Pole) and Johnathan Biggerstaff (Talkeetna), Alaska FFA Association's state officers! These bright young Alaskans are doing great work advancing agriculture throughout our state.
Quick #selfie with #KY members of Girls and Boys Nation
The federal government has made it far too easy for government agencies to take and profit from the property of those who have not been convicted of a crime. The FAIR Act will ensure that government agencies no longer profit from taking the property of U.S. citizens without due process, while maintaining the ability of courts to order the surrender of proceeds of crime.  READ MORE HERE: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1204 
Here is video of my questioning of a witness before the Rules Committee who wants to restrict the speech of members of certain groups involved in politics, but does not want to apply the same restrictions to political groups in which she is a member.
NA
I always look forward to working with the members of the Kansas Grain and Feed Association  and the Kansas Agribusiness Retailers Association on the issues facing farmers and ranchers. This is Tomorrow's Agribusiness Leadership Class. We will continue our fight against over-regulation and I was able to tell them about my meeting with EPA's Gina McCarthy on that very topic.
Senator Rubio at a press conference on his new Israel resolution: As long as Hamas is in Gaza, there will be no peace in the region 
Rubio Comments On Immigration After Meeting With Central American Presidents: http://1.usa.gov/1rPwMRI  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement after a meeting today with Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina, Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernández and El Salvador Foreign Minister Hugo Martínez:   “For reasons of national security and economic prosperity, the U.S. has a clear interest in helping Central American countries become safe and stable communities built on strong foundations of democracy, the rule of law and free enterprise. Unfortunately, the recent wave of illegal immigration has reminded us of how fragile these foundations are in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, allowing drug cartels and violent criminals to wreak havoc on these countries and dim their people’s hopes of a better future.     “Today I reiterated with our Central American counterparts that it is they who must build a better future at home for their people, with the U.S. as a supportive partner. In light of the recent surge in unlawful border crossings, they owe it to their people to make clear these dangerous journeys to the U.S. that they’ve undertaken are not worth risking their lives for since they will inevitably lead them back to where they started.    “I realize the strong economic support these Central American economies receive through remittances from their people in the U.S., but they need to realize that this support will be non-existent as people are ultimately returned to their home countries or, worse, perish during their journeys north.    “Of course, the U.S. has a clear responsibility to deal with this situation. For instance, we must responsibly change existing law that unnecessarily delays the return of illegal immigrants from Central America to their home countries. In doing so, we must continue balancing our interest in protecting human trafficking victims with our interest in quickly returning people to their countries.    “The U.S. must also make clear that the Deferred Action program, or any law or policy for that matter, does not and will not apply to any recent arrivals. Furthermore, because the recent wave from Central America spiked after DACA was announced, it is in our interest to wind down this program. If you are not currently in it, you should not be eligible for it. For President Obama to raise hopes it may actually be unilaterally expanded is irresponsible and threatens to make this problem even worse.    “As Congress prepares to consider spending proposals to address these problems, we need to make sure that there are adequate resources to deal with the ongoing wave in an expeditious and humanitarian manner, while also providing lasting solutions that discourage illegal immigration. This includes additional fencing, manpower and technology resources on the southwest border, as well as stronger interior enforcement provisions.” 
Rubio Again Calls On Obama To Impose Targeted Sanctions On Human Rights Violators In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1z8wV6a  “Sadly, Maduro's persecution of Mr. Lopez is emblematic of his regime's methods to cling to power. Since peaceful demonstrations erupted in February 2014, the government’s barbaric repression has resulted in 41 deaths, more than 2200 detentions, at least 50 documented cases of torture, and more than 70 students imprisoned without due process,” wrote Rubio. “Opposition leaders like Maria Corina Machado have been physically attacked and threatened with judicial prosecution. For these blatant violations of basic human rights, not a single Venezuelan official has paid a price.   “I urge you to take action and immediately impose meaningful diplomatic and financial sanctions on individuals participating on these heinous acts, including on individuals that have ordered or directed the arrest or prosecution of individuals for legitimately exercising their God-given rights,” added Rubio. 
Rubio Urges Palestinian Authority To Denounce Hamas: http://1.usa.gov/UvuyKQ  “The fact is that I have always been supportive of the Palestinian people’s desire to live side by side peacefully with Israel. This is a point I reinforced in my meeting with then-Prime Minister Salam Fayyad in Ramallah last year. You and your government, however, have not helped your cause in recent months,” wrote Rubio. “Instead of continuing negotiations with Israel over a peaceful settlement, your leadership instead decided to again unilaterally seek statehood. Then, you chose to partner with a terrorist organization, Hamas, to form a power sharing government. Now, as that terrorist organization is conducting indiscriminate attacks against Israeli civilians, instead of vocally opposing their actions, your government seems to be embracing their hateful rhetoric, and even backing their unrealistic ceasefire demands.”   “The path to a peaceful and prosperous future is not through the murderous ideology of Hamas and its Iranian allies. It will not be achieved through rocket fire, covert missile shipments, tunnels, weapons hidden in houses and the use of human shields. It will not be reached through the glorification of violence and martyrdom. It will only be achieved if those Palestinians that care about peace, that support moderation, that want to respect the fundamental rights of all parties, Israelis and Palestinians, to achieve their full potential as human beings, are willing to speak out,” added Rubio. “I have said that the deaths of civilians in Gaza are 100 percent the fault of Hamas and I stand by that statement. However, increasingly, I am coming to the conclusion that it is the failed leadership of President Abbas and your government that is also to blame. The Palestinian people deserve better than the leaders that have brought them to this point.” 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses the Border Crisis with Megyn Kelly
Rubio Comments On Long-Awaited Freedom For Christian Sudanese Woman And Her Family: http://1.usa.gov/1ohrVsl  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the freedom of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, a Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death for refusing to recant her Christian faith, and her family. Since May, Rubio has advocated on behalf of Meriam and her family, passing a resolution through the Senate that called for her immediate and unconditional release from a Sudanese prison.   “We should all be relieved and elated that Meriam and her children are finally free. As Christians around the world are being persecuted, attacked and even killed, Meriam's freedom is good news in an otherwise depressing state of affairs. I want to thank all those who have been working tirelessly to secure Meriam's freedom, particularly our Italian allies who helped deliver her and her family to their free soil over the past 24 hours.   “Meriam leaves behind a Sudan plagued by religious intolerance and laws that explicitly ban the universally guaranteed right of all people to practice their faiths as they wish. If we do not keep up the pressure on the Sudanese government to change, there will continue to be other Meriams.   “Meriam is just one of thousands, potentially millions, of Christians worldwide whose lives are in danger because of their religious beliefs. The U.S. government must continue to make religious freedom a core of our global human rights agenda, by speaking out for those being denied it and using every tool at our disposal to pressure repressive governments to recognize the virtues of tolerance and religious pluralism.   “As the State Department prepares to use its platform next Monday to highlight threats to religious freedom around the world through its annual International Religious Freedom report, I also call on the administration to back its words with actions. This means targeting religious freedom violators with sanctions under existing law, as well as finally taking the long overdue step of filling the post of Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom. There is no excuse for this important post to have gone vacant as it has for nine months.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: Save A Tampa Cigar Institution: http://www.tampabay.com/opinion/columns/column-save-a-tampa-cigar-institution/2189706  ...  Newman is not being threatened by economic recession. It's not in danger of closing its doors for being too slow to adapt in a changing industry, nor is it being out-innovated by its competitors. Newman employees' jobs aren't at risk because of 21st century automation or cheaper overseas labor. On the contrary, the human touch involved in its cigarmaking is part of the charm and craftsmanship that sets them apart.   No, what now threatens Newman is that a federal government agency, the Food and Drug Administration, decided to write regulations targeting the premium cigar industry that are so constricting that they have the practical effect of singling out Newman by proposing to regulate high-quality, hand-rolled cigars in the same manner as the makers of low-quality, machine-made cigars. This means more needless FDA testing, paperwork and fees.  ...
WATCH: Today, Senator Shelby talked to WKRG about the border crisis and reports that Maxwell Air Force Base could potentially house unaccompanied children who entered our country illegally.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqLSxyPN5J8&list=UUyMzDCRZrmhr_OGDjVuAeJw
I enjoyed meeting the Alabama representatives currently in DC for American Legion Auxiliary Boys and Girls Nation!
In Case You Missed It: Senator Shelby's op-ed in Yellowhammer News - Our veterans deserve better. http://yellowhammernews.com/nationalpolitics/shelby-veterans-deserve-better/
Sessions made the following comments on the border plan released by the so-called House Working Group:  “Granting the President new funds without tackling these [threatened executive action] orders would be an institutional surrender to the planned illegality… the House working group did not mention President Obama even once in their released findings…they made no mention of the President’s threat of sweeping new executive actions. Multiple reports indicate that these imminent actions are likely to take the form of administrative amnesty and work permits for 5-6 million illegal immigrants. Any attempt at improving the border situation would be rendered utterly void if the President follows through on his dramatic nullification acts...  … it is curious that the proposal makes no mention of the needs of Americans. Yes, this is a humanitarian crisis. But it is also a legal crisis. And so too is it a crisis for the American people who have begged and pleaded for a lawful system of immigration that serves their interests, protects their jobs, and increases their wages. Republicans should not be timid or apologetic, but present a bold defense of the American people. The House GOP has so far been the last bulwark protecting working Americans; it would be tragic for that defense to buckle in the closing days of this Congress.”
Questioning the nominee for Deputy Secretary of Energy in committee this morning.
#PA's delegates to the American Legion's  #GirlsNation & #BoysNation! Massil, Anthony, Alexandra & Katie you make PA proud!
Filling PA's judicial vacancies. Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. & I introduced these 4 incredibly well-qualified nominees in the Senate Judiciary Committee just today: Wendy Beetlestone, Joseph Leeson, Jerry Pappert & Mark Kearney #bipartisan
Just had the opportunity to meet with Mississippi's American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation and American Legion Boys Nation "senators" today in DC.
I am delighted to hear that Ms. Ibrahim and her family are safely out of Sudan. I commend those officials at the State Department, as well as the Italian government, who worked day and night to negotiate their safe release. I look forward to welcoming the Ibrahim family to the United States.
From my Washington Times op-ed: "Instead of being forced to the sidelines, local officials deserve to have a direct role in developing solutions for the transportation needs in their communities."
