NA
Senator Collins spoke at the 2014 Oxford Hills Chamber of Commerce annual dinner and awards banquet.  Congratulations Cathy Fanjoy Coffey; Ronald Kugell; Don and Dianne Ferry, owners of Buy The Fire; and Oxford Federal Credit Union, Business of the Year!  Thanks to Photography by Trish Logan for the photos!
You can watch Senator Collins' speech on MPBN's Capitol Connection Saturday, March 8 and Sunday, March 9th at noon.  Click here to find local listing or to watch online -- http://bit.ly/1n53zTt
A great evening with lots of friends in Oxford County.  To read more about Senator Collins' 7 Point Plan for Maine Jobs, click here:  http://1.usa.gov/18k69ZM 
Iowa girls bb tourney class 3A MOC/FloydValley ovr UnityChristian 63/57. Both schools are in OrangeCITY for celebration Sunday
Iowa girls bb tourney class 2A Western Christian ovr Hudson by abt 25 pts  I'm going to hotel and  come back tomorrow
I'm attending Iowa girls bb tourney for 35th consecutive yr. class1A won by Burlington  NotreDame 57/54 ovr NewellFonda
Today we recognize the contributions of women who dedicate their lives to elevating their communities and the lives of others.
I enjoyed touring Ellsworth County Medical Center (ECMC) yesterday. ECMC is a Critical Access Hospital that provides general medical and surgical care for inpatient, outpatient and emergency room patients. CEO Roger Masse and I discussed the importance of access to health care in rural America. Access to hospitals and quality health care services determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home and whether their children can return to raise families of their own. I will continue working to preserve the special way of life we enjoy in Kansas by ensuring our rural communities have access to health care.
Delivered the Weekly Republican Address to lay out my Jobs for America Plan, seven commonsense proposals to help create jobs.
In case you missed it: Here's my speech from #CPAC2014. It is a time for boldness. It is a time to take a stand. Let us stand together for liberty.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnMy0KTxQIk
It was great to discuss current issues with the best and brightest at The University of Kansas's Student Senate. I was glad to meet Student Body President Marcus Tetwiler and enjoyed calling up his grandmother too!
Great news! The Jenkins family is headed home! http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/Topeka-Family-Headed-Home-From-Ukraine-249070101.html?device=tablet
Another fine Kansas leader in agriculture stopped by to say hello this week -- Marieta Hauser, Member at Large and Kansas Farm Bureau Women's Committee Chair.
Earlier this week I was glad to meet with the Johnson County Board of County Commissioners (and Riley County Commission Chair Robert Boyd). Johnson County residents are lucky to have strong and visionary County Commission.
