Sen. Alexander today defended states’ rights on "common core" education standards when he voted against requiring states to obtain approval from the U.S. secretary of education on their education standards and tests: “If I go back to Tennessee and someone says to me, ‘Did you vote to deny the right of Tennessee to change its common core standards without the approval of the secretary of education in Washington?,’ I’m going to say, No: I voted to give Tennessee the freedom to write its own standards and tests without having to ask Washington for permission.”   Read more here:   http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=8ffd6f94-44b5-4737-8e2e-96711e94ac7e
The Senate voted 84-15 today to begin consideration of the immigration reform bill, reflecting overwhelming bipartisan support for having this urgent debate.
NA
NA
I voted to move forward with debating legislation re: immigration reform because it’s a crucial problem that must be addressed, but that does not change the fact that I still have very serious concerns about the underlying Senate bill. I believe there are ways to improve the base bill, with an eye toward meeting three important goals: first securing our borders, then fulfilling our legitimate workforce needs, and determining how we deal with people who come to the country illegally or overstay. I plan to co-sponsor several amendments during this debate that would help meet these goals. However, I will not vote for final passage of any immigration legislation that fails to meet these critical objectives.
Read my op-ed in USA Today calling for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to allow stand-alone votes on mental health legislation before another mental health crisis results in senseless loss.
Great to catch up with Speaker Tim Jones and his family in my Washington office yesterday afternoon.
Today the HELP committee is reviewing the "Every Child Ready for College or Career Act."
 
 Share if you think it's time to address our children's education.
There are reasonable measures that we can take to reform our immigration system, but the bill brought forth in the Senate fails to provide the necessary actions that will keep us from having to revisit this issue in the future. Read more about my concerns with the current version of this bill by clicking the link below.
We'll be joining Dave Elswick in 30 minutes to talk about the issues we're debating in Washington. You can listen live by clicking on the link below.
NA
The U.S. Senate is officially considering the Immigration Reform bill. We need an open amendment process and significant changes must occur before I could support the bill. I will continue to evaluate the 1,944 page bill and welcome your input.
BuzzFeed called me a "rustic Senate pioneer" for using Vine, a new mobile app by Twitter that lets users shoot and share brief video content.  You can read the story by clicking the link below.
Breitbart: "Cornyn's amendment would...block a path to citizenship unless the border were secured:"
PJ Media: Cornyn on IRS: Holder Picking Spec. Counsel Like 'Fox Guarding Hen House:'
Breitbart: Cornyn Security Amendment Could Decide Immigration Bill:
I voted against and oppose the Gang of 8 bill because it fails to provide a real plan to secure our border and keep our nation safe, offering lofty promises without any guarantees.   I’m voting to move to the bill so that I can offer my RESULTS amendment to toughen the border and national security provisions, putting real teeth in the bill by guaranteeing a plan to secure our porous border.    The bottom line is that if border and national security cannot be guaranteed in this bill, I cannot and will not support it.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Failure to Secure America is Real Poison Pill:
SAEN: Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Vela Bill Would Force Mexico to Comply with 1944 Water Treaty:
Senator Corker, member of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, discussed the need to get our fiscal house in order on CNBC’s Squawk Box Tuesday morning.  Corker said, “It’s a great time for us to actually tackle the big issue [fiscal reform].  I still believe that our market, our economy would really take off if we would just go ahead and deal with this issue.”  He went on to say that failing to get our fiscal house in order is “the thing that’s keeping people from investing even more in the future….it’s not just affecting our economy, but our standing around the world.” http://youtu.be/VxYNtHUyNtA
Today, I voted against the 1,000 page Senate immigration reform bill. It’s easy for people to find something they don’t like or, similar to the health care bill, miss details that turn out to be important. Sometimes when you try to do it all, you get nothing. We need to hammer out the details in a bipartisan way and leave out the most controversial parts. I would like to see smaller, specific bills, that include an emphasis on E-Verify, border security, and improving how we keep track of those who come into the country legally but don’t leave.
The Senate farm bill is a step backward for agriculture policy and doesn’t goes as far as the farm bill from last year. It doesn’t eliminate target prices for certain agriculture products, nor does it do enough to eliminate the waste in the food stamp program. The legislation also contains burdensome conditions on federal crop insurance which will negatively impact Wyoming farmers. While there were provisions in the farm bill that I supported, the good did not outweigh the bad and I voted against it.
Today, the Senate began work to reform our broken immigration system. I have serious concerns with the Gang of 8’s plan and I cannot support the current bill. I intend to work with my colleagues to pass a number of needed commonsense, conservative amendments, which would be necessary to secure my support for the legislation, including:        - Define measurable standards and provide necessary resources to secure the border;       - Remove the so-called ‘pathway to citizenship’ so those who broke our Nation’s laws are not rewarded with the privilege of citizenship;       - Defend American workers and provide necessary labor for growing economic sectors; and       - Protect hardworking taxpayers from paying for new government programs and benefits for those who broke our Nation’s laws.
White House on top aide with offshore accounts
Q&A on the Fate of Olympic Wrestling
“In passing the National PTSD Awareness Month resolution this year, the Senate will be showing that we stand committed to finding the best ways to treat PTSD and assist the servicemembers, veterans and family members who are suffering from its impact. We hope that this public month of recognition will also signal to our servicemembers and veterans that our country, including Congress and our military leaders, recognizes the toll this injury takes and our continued commitment to finding the best ways to prevent and treat it.”
“For the second year in a row, the Senate has voted by a large, bipartisan majority to pass a strong farm bill for American producers and consumers. It’s strong because we worked hard to make sure it includes enhanced crop insurance, continues the sugar program, provides additional funding for rural flood protection and saves $24 billion dollars to help with the deficit and debt. We also made changes this year that got southern growers onboard, which improves the bill’s chances of passing in the House. Most importantly, it enables our farmers and ranchers to continue to provide American consumers with the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world.”
Recommending Manish Shah to be the Northern District of Illinois' next Federal Judge. He will be a fair & engaging judge.
Pritzker is the right choice for Illinois business. Pleased to see her nomination advanced to full Senate.
I voted against proceeding to the Gang of Eight immigration bill.  There are many important immigration reforms that could pass with bipartisan support through both houses of Congress if we were to adopt a step-by-step approach.  Those who have read the comprehensive immigration reform bill know that this legislation doesn't live up to the hype of its talking points.  As the Senate debates this bill on the floor, the American people will become informed of its many problems.  If you have questions about this bill or immigration reform in general, I invite you to participate in my Crowdhall event:
Read and share my latest op-ed that explains why I think the only way to truly reform our immigration system is through a step-by-step process: http://www.deseretnews.com/article/765631727/The-Gang-of-Eight-bill-is-an-immigration-version-of-Obamacare.html
I joined Senator Jeff Merkley to introduce a bill which will declassify certain substantive legal interpretations made by a secretive surveillance court without jeopardizing national security.    In order to preserve the power of the people to monitor and prevent government abuses of power, we need robust Congressional oversight.
McConnell: "The Gang of Eight has done its work. Now it’s time for the Gang of 100 to do its work — for the entire Senate to have its say on this issue, and see if we can do something to improve the status quo. At the risk of stating the obvious, this bill has serious flaws... I’ll vote to debate it and for the opportunity to amend it, but in the days ahead there will need to be major changes to this bill if it’s going to become law... And that’s what the next few weeks are about: they’re about giving the entire Senate, and indeed, the entire country, an opportunity to weigh in on this debate, to make their voices heard, and try to improve our immigration policy. And that means an open amendment process.”
In this week's Kansas Common Sense — my enewsletter — learn more about my visit to Lenexa, a Farm Bill update, U.N. Arms Trade Treaty news, and remembering Lt. General Seitz.
The Big Red One commenced Victory Week yesterday, an annual celebration to honor current and former members, commemorate fallen warriors and celebrate the 1st Infantry Division's lineage and history. The Big Red One was established in 1917, making it the oldest division in the Armed Forces. Best wishes to Major General Paul Funk, the new Fort Riley Commanding General, and thank you to all who have served and continue to sacrifice for our nation.
Not all American war heroes are Americans. Tomorrow, I will testify before the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee about my bill that would honor Hmong covert operations volunteers risked their lives in secret for our nation during the Vietnam War.  These valiant men deserve the same public respect and honor we give the men they served with and rescued.  I have a bill that would give the 6,900 Hmong-Americans living today the opportunity to be buried with their brothers-in-arms in national cemeteries.
Education for our kids is vitally important, which is why as the Senate HELP Committee talks about No Child Left Behind, I am introducing two bills which I hope would allow for a more common-sense approach to education in Alaska and nationwide.  One takes the education power out of DC and gives it back to the states, and the other makes school dropout grants available to the schools and students that need them most – from pre-K to high school.   Read more about my education plan here:
On a day as beautiful as this in Alaska, it is hard to think about the destruction Mother Nature can bring.  But it's  important to keep in mind our friends across the Pacific in Japan who are still putting together the pieces after the tsunami and earthquake.  As we were reminded by the soccer ball that floated to Alaska's shores and then reunited with its Japanese owner, we are all one in the rebuilding effort.
Our immigration system is broken, and in need of reform.  But passing the right reform is more important than simply getting something passed, and I am not able to support the legislation without stronger enforcement in place to ensure it will be a lasting, workable solution.  We need to be sure that we're not moving ahead with legal status for people who are here without putting enforcement in place, and that's something I'll be working towards on the floor of the Senate.  I look forward to a vigorous debate and to efforts to strengthen the legislation.
Canton, Ohio is the birthplace of professional football. Values like teamwork, integrity, and determination are distinctly Ohioan and are promoted by the Hall of Fame. The bipartisan Pro Football Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act highlights this important work and will help set the Hall of Fame on course for the next 50 years and does so with no cost to taxpayers.
Had a good Finance Committee hearing this morning to discuss the vulnerabilities of kids in child welfare & how to protect them from sex trafficking.
In case you missed it, I appeared on Fox's Hannity Show last night to discuss the hypocritical nature of this Administration.  Hypocrisy is why Americans are fed up with Washington.    Click to watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9EDYwHfWd0
No one objects to balancing security against liberty. No one objects to seeking warrants for targeted monitoring based on probable cause. What is objectionable is a system in which government has unlimited and privileged access to the details of our private affairs, and citizens are simply supposed to trust that there won't be any abuse of power.   Click here to read the op-ed I penned for the Wall Street Journal: http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324634304578537720921466776.html
On Senate Floor, Rubio Pushes Immigration Reform, New Amendment To Strengthen English Language Requirements: http://1.usa.gov/11UrKmM
Rubio Pushes New Amendment To Strengthen English Language Requirements: http://1.usa.gov/169vh5U
Rubio Introduces Immigration Amendment Ensuring English Proficiency Will Be Requirement For Permanent Residency
Senator Shelby: Moving GITMO detainees to U.S. soil would unnecessarily place Americans in harm’s way  http://www.alreporter.com/al-politics/political-news/state-news/4724-shelby-opposes-moving-gitmo-detainees-to-the-united-states.html
Sessions is now speaking on the Senate floor to address specific concerns with the Senate immigration bill. You can watch live here:
Today I offered an amendment in HELP Committee to  empower individual states and local school districts, not Washington bureaucrats, to make educational decisions for their students. Blanket federal standards like Common Core aren't what's best for our kids.  More here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/scott-amendment-provides-states-more-choices-education
I'm proud to support Penn State's Lunar Lion X Prize Team - the only university-led competitor - in this global race to the moon. Their state-of-the-art laboratory facilities and expertise in aerospace science and engineering make the University an exemplary candidate to host this event.
Our immigration system is clearly broken and needs to be fixed. I therefore welcome a debate on this important issue. Ultimately, any reform proposal must truly fix our system so that the border is secure, our laws are enforced and respected, and the flow of illegal immigration is stopped. Such a bill must also embrace legal immigration and significantly expand opportunities for those who want to come to our country, work hard, and play by the rules. I have reservations about whether the Gang of Eight bill meets this criteria, but I am withholding final judgment until the Senate considers amendments.
NA
