Senator Alexander attends the commissioning ceremony of Ensign Dana Ayers in Washington. Dana is from Jacksboro, Tennessee, and was officially commissioned as an officer in the Navy reserve last week.
On Friday, Senator Ayotte celebrated the grand opening of the Mount Washington Museum's "Extreme Mount Washington" - an interactive experience that lets visitors learn about the mountain's famous extreme weather conditions, right where they occur.
Watch Senator Ayotte on WMUR discussing the bipartisan VA reform package that includes good news for New Hampshire veterans. The bill contains a provision Senator Ayotte worked to include that would allow veterans in states without a full-service VA hospital, like New Hampshire, to obtain care from a non-VA provider if they live more than 20 miles from the nearest full-service VA hospital.  
NA
Op-Ed: One of the great opportunities as a Senator from Idaho is being able to represent innovative industries and institutions that are leading the charge in tackling some of our nation’s most significant challenges. Expanding our nation’s ability to generate the energy we need here at home, thus decreasing our reliance on foreign sources, remains a necessity. Nuclear power, which provides nearly 20 percent of our total domestic electricity generation, has a critical role in our ability to meet U.S. energy needs. Researchers at the Idaho National Laboratory (INL) are helping to find ways to extend the lifespan of our nation’s nuclear reactors.  As Congress considers nuclear reactor decommissioning issues, it must advance a national energy policy that seeks to minimize cost by finding ways to extend the life of existing reactors. More here: http://1.usa.gov/1nK8w1J
Senator Collins welcomed Katie Couric to her office this afternoon for a chat.
Had a great discussion with the Irving Chamber of Commerce last week:
6/12/14
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the three Jewish teenagers, two Israelis and one American, who have been kidnapped by radical Islamic terrorists. This atrocity against both our nations reminds us that we face a mutual enemy who attacks us because of our shared commitment to the basic principles of freedom.  This act of terrorism should also alert the Obama Administration to the fact that working with, recognizing, and/or funding any "unity" government that includes those that seek the destruction of the Jewish State is naive and foolish. Such legitimization of the enemies of Israel and the United States only invites more violence.  As Prime Minister Netanyahu pointed out, "You remember that Israel warned the international community about the dangers of endorsing the Fatah-Hamas unity pact. The dangers of that pact now should be abundantly clear to all."  President Obama should immediately direct the Department of State to suspend assistance to the Palestinian Authority until the PA recognizes Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state and takes specific and affirmative steps to renounce and eradicate terrorism. This most recent vicious attack on innocent young civilians demonstrates beyond any doubt that the PA is not fulfilling these conditions, and not one more U.S. taxpayer dollar should be sent to support them until they do.
I praise #SCOTUS for its unanimous decision, which ruled that the Susan B. Anthony List had standing to pursue its free speech claims.  We must always be vigilant of free speech in political campaigns, as it is the backbone of our democracy. 
Fishing in the Gulf yesterday morning with my Dad, Heidi, and the girls...and then the Spurs win the #NBAFinals 104-87 last night. FANTASTIC!
Praying for all Nebraskans impacted by today's tornadoes. Please carefully follow all local warnings and stay safe.
Exciting time in Nebraska as fans from around the nation gather in Omaha for the College World Series! Looking forward to watching more competitive play at the CWS through the rest of June.
Senator Grassley today welcomed an Iowan and others who shared their experiences during a Senate Caucus on Foster Youth and Financial and Economic Literacy Caucus Roundtable Discussion on Financial Literacy for Foster Youth.  This joint caucus event featured foster youth who shared their experiences as well as child welfare advocates and leaders from the financial services industry.  Eddye Vanderkwaak of Ankeny, Iowa, a Jim Casey Young Fellow, spoke about issues facing foster youth, highlighting what worked and didn’t work for her while in foster care, and what could be done to improve financial literacy for her peers.  Grassley is founder and co-chairman of the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth, which has a special focus on drawing on experiences from foster youth to improve the system.
Our airports are serving more and more travelers each year. We’re working to ensure that we invest in the infrastructure necessary to maintain the high quality of life we enjoy in North Dakota. This grant will help the Bismarck Airport to renovate its runway to meet our needs.
Today I joined my friend Michael Savage on The Savage Nation radio show to discuss the latest developments in Iraq as well as the President’s lawless actions releasing 5 dangerous Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay. Later this afternoon, News Talk 1520 KOKC  will host the recorded version of our interview.
At 12:45PM Central, I'll be on CNN The Situation Room  with Wolf Blitzer to discuss the latest developments in Iraq.
I'm happy to kick off my new #Instagram account by sharing with everyone how I spent my #FathersDay. I had a wonderful time visiting with my Dad, brother Dean and sister Lynn. -rj
Join me in cheering on U.S. Soccer in today's game! #GoUSA
Over the past two weeks I had the privilege to meet with a number of the Illinois students who were nominated by the Illinois delegation to be part of the service academies' class of 2018.  These courageous and patriotic young people will not just witness our history, but will be directly involved in making our history.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1q4VXyG
I encourage you to read this week's #KansasCommonSense e-newsletter, which includes my latest efforts to improve the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Today I called on acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson to extend the program Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) that currently serves rural veterans. The ARCH pilot program has been operating since 2011 at five rural pilot sites, including Pratt, Kansas, and allows veterans to access health care services from community providers if they reside at least one hour from a VA medical center or Community Based Outpatient Clinic. Despite the overwhelming satisfaction of veterans who utilize ARCH, the VHA has begun shutting down the program, restricting veterans from the services they have come to rely upon and directing them back to VA facilities. I believe the VHA intentionally misled my colleagues and I who have sought answers from the VA for months regarding the potential extension of the program. I am seeking Secretary Gibson’s leadership to stop VHA’s plans to dismantle ARCH and make certain that veterans who are currently receiving medical services through ARCH will continue to receive that care. 
This is the kind of news that I like to hear! The FDA has recently recommended that pregnant women eat more of Alaska’s most delicious natural resource: fish. Wild Alaska salmon – and pollock and cod – are literally going to be “food for thought” for newborns in the months and years ahead!  
My Anchorage staff is helping NeighborWorks put the first coat of paint on Patriot Square. This housing complex will help our veterans get the high quality, affordable, accessible housing that they deserve. What a great cause!
Today's MUST-READ: First in the nation-- a privacy amendment in Missouri  http://themissouritimes.com/10901/schaaf-curtman-champion-privacy-amendment/
Good luck to the U.S. Soccer team today! A special good luck to Matt Besler a proud Kansan! Let's beat Ghana boys. We are all pulling for you!  Check out Matt's story here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLGROQTOsiA&index=16&list=PLsAXIYtop5OvbxiXzEwiB2ZZWacu5gYVG   
The deceit from the Obama Administration over IRS targeting of conservatives continues. Their Friday announcement of Lois Lerner's missing emails is beyond outrageous. It is a clear attempt to shield the White House from accountability and to shut down the free speech of conservative voices.The time for hearings and investigations is over – people need to be arrested and prosecuted – starting with Ms. Lerner. goo.gl/rEaAqY  
Rubio Calls On Administration To Impose Additional Sanctions On Russia: http://1.usa.gov/1kYwfeM  “The tragic events of recent days show once again that Russia continues to violate Ukraine’s sovereignty by supporting separatist forces with increasingly sophisticated weapons, and now tanks. We cannot continue to stand idly by in the face of this Russian aggression.   “I call on the Obama administration to immediately impose sectoral sanctions on Russia targeting the financial services, energy, defense, metals, and mining sectors, among others, and work with our European allies to do the same. We also need to be more responsive to Ukraine’s requests for assistance, including lethal support that addresses the needs of their security forces.     “More than six weeks ago, I joined my colleagues in introducing S.2277, The Russian Aggression Prevention Act of 2014, which would impose significant sanctions on the Putin regime and provide support to our European allies and partners, including Ukraine. I urge my colleagues to support this bill or offer their own alternatives as soon as possible so that Russia’s escalation of the situation in Ukraine does not go unanswered.    “President Putin continues to test the United States and he is not paying a price for doing so.” 
http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9248996/This_IT_worker_had_to_train_an_H_1B_replacement
I am continuing to press for answers from the IRS. http://online.wsj.com/articles/the-irs-loses-lerners-emails-1402700540
Excited for Furman All-American Clint Dempsey and the U.S. Soccer team to kick off their #WorldCup campaign with a victory tonight!
What an exhilarating win for U.S. Soccer and the #USMNT.  John Brooks with the late winner!  #WorldCup2014 #OneNationOneTeam #IBelieveThatWeWillWin
Big night for U.S. Soccer.  Good luck to the #USMNT as they take on Ghana in Brazil.  #WorldCup2014 #OneNationOneTeam
Today, I joined Senator Cochran and Congressman Palazzo in supporting an effort by Jackson County to be reimbursed for nearly $1.0 million spent on disaster recovery projects undertaken after Hurricanes Katrina and Isaac.
Wicker Report | Swift action and sweeping reforms are important to restoring public trust and credibility in the VA system.  Gross mistreatment of our veterans is inexcusable and an affront to their service and sacrifice.  These brave Americans have earned the best health care available and deserve to receive it in a timely manner.  We have an obligation to see that the system no longer fails those that it is supposed to serve.  
