IN CASE YOU MISSED IT:   Sen. Alexander said Republicans have a “better way” to raise family incomes than the Democrats’ proposal to increase the minimum wage by nearly 40 percent, which the nonpartisan CBO says will cause a loss of 500,000 jobs.  “The issue is right—it’s jobs. The American people want it to be easier to find a good-paying job,” Alexander said. “The Democrats’ proposal as the solution to the jobs problem is a proposal that will eliminate 500,000 jobs.”  In a floor speech Monday, Alexander said: “A minimum wage increase is said to benefit low-income Americans, but only $1 in $5 from an increase will go to families below the poverty line. And that is not all. In addition to cutting 500,000 jobs and providing 80 percent of the benefits to families above the poverty level, the Democrats’ jobs proposal imposes one more burden on the only Americans who are capable of solving this problem, and that is the job creators.”  Alexander continued, “On the most important issue facing the country, surely we can do better than the stale, bankrupt idea we will vote on this week that according to the office that we’re supposed to trust for advice, the Congressional Budget Office, says would No. 1: Destroy 500,000 jobs; No. 2: Concentrate most of the benefits on those above the poverty line; No. 3: Make it more expensive to create jobs; and No. 4: Tax only some taxpayers for a policy designed to benefit the entire society.” http://www.help.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=38aad54a-8514-459d-a261-c8f6957cd1ff&groups=Ranking
Senator Ayotte enjoyed having so many visitors from the Granite State at her weekly Coffee with Kelly this morning!
Today is Silver Star Service Banner Day in honor of America's injured military service members.
As we mark the start of “National Mental Health Awareness Month” today, I introduced the bipartisan “Caring For America’s Heroes Act” as part of my ongoing efforts to ensure all Americans have access to quality behavioral health treatments – including members of the military, veterans, and their families. 
Great news this week on the launch of Ford’s new Transit van production and the growth of its F-150 production, which will bring thousands of jobs to the Kansas City region and $1.1 billion investment to the area. I've long supported this expansion and I’m glad to see this smart investment bringing jobs and economic growth to the Greater Kansas City community. 
"Obamacare is already creating one class of care for the poor and middle class and another for the affluent.” - Wall Street Journal
Yesterday John Graham, the Dean of Indiana University’s School of Public and Environmental Affairs, testified before a Joint Economic Committee hearing about ways to cut government red tape. I invited Dr. Graham to testify before the committee because, as the head of one of our nation’s top public policy schools, Dr. Graham brings a wealth of knowledge to the table that can help us find ways to lessen the costly effects of government overreach. I look forward to continuing discussions about how we can find ways to reduce the unnecessary burden regulations are placing on Hoosiers.
Another gem from Gary Varvel on the need for economic growth
NA
According to a recent report, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could require another $190 billion bailout from taxpayers in a future economic downturn.  This is simply unacceptable, and our housing finance system badly needs to be reformed.  We need to end the government domination of the mortgage market, re-establish the private sector as the engine of housing finance and protect taxpayers from being on the hook again. 
Maine is grateful to our courageous first responders for keeping us safe and secure.   Senator Collins welcomed Chief Jerome LaMoria from Portland, EMS Captain Michael Carroll from Falmouth, Chief Kenneth Brilliant from Brunswick, and Chief Daniel Moore from Wells to her D.C. office today to discuss her continued support for our nation’s firefighters.  Last year, Sen. Collins was honored to receive the Legislator of the Year Award from the Congressional Fire Services Institute.
Charlotte Feinberg of Gorham High School is the Poetry Out Loud Maine Champion and is representing our state in the National Finals this week in Washington, D.C.  Poetry Out Loud is an initiative of the National Endowment for the Arts that engages high school students in memorizing and performing poetry—roughly 365,000 students from across the country participated this year.  Senator Collins was delighted to hear Charlotte beautifully recite “When You Are Old” by William Butler Yeats.  Congratulations Charlotte!
Video: Cornyn Demands Obama Appoint Investigator in Response to Secret VA Wait List
Prayer has united Americans on our nation’s darkest days, but it is also a daily, guiding compass for so many of us as we seek the Lord’s will for our lives.  I would ask that as we mark this National Day of Prayer that we remember our fellow Texans and Americans who have experienced tremendous loss over the past year. Please join me in daily prayer for our men and women in uniform, their families and our veterans who have sacrificed so that we may be safe and free.  May God bless you, and may He continue to bless the Great State of Texas.
Like 2014, 1985 was a record cold winter. But in Q1 that year, the economy still grew 4% or 40x faster than this year #MakeDCListen
Today is a reminder that America remains a prayerful nation.  The National Day of Prayer is a celebration of the power of prayer and our uniquely American freedom to worship. As we bow our heads in prayer, let us give thanks for the blessing of liberty.  Since our country’s inception, Americans have cherished their faith. We are all the children of those who have risked everything for freedom. We must vigilantly protect our right to practice that faith, enshrined in the First Amendment.  Our history shows that faith and freedom are intertwined. America has always been a land where every citizen is free to seek out God Almighty with all our heart, mind, and soul, free from government interference. We must make sure it stays that way. Free exercise of religion and freedom of conscience are paramount to a free society.  In both times of joy and hardship, we pray. We give thanks and we seek comfort. We pray for those in need now.  Let us remember in our prayers today those who are suffering from the deadly storms that have struck the nation. Pray for our first responders and the members of our Armed Forces who rush to danger to keep us safe. And, pray for all those who face daily struggles in finding work and providing for themselves and their families.  Please join me in lifting them and everyone else who is in your hearts up today, on this National Day of Prayer.  And, let us remain grateful for the ability to pray together, as one nation, under God.
No more stonewalling from the White House on #Benghazi. We need a joint select committee. We need justice — NOW!
Dear #Sriracha, Toyota recently announced a move to the Lone Star State — join the #GTT movement!
Our democratic process is broken and corrupt right now because the campaign finance system serves as incumbent protection. We need to empower the individual citizens.
Tomorrow at Houston Baptist University: a discussion on Faith and Freedom in the Public Square.  I hope you'll join us!
The agency directly entrusted with the mission of making sure Americans pay their taxes should not be rewarding its own employees that are delinquent on their own taxes or have broken the law. This revelation just shows how out-of-touch the IRS is with the real world and it’s a double standard that should anger every tax payer.
The U.S. Department of Education recently released an 800-plus page draft regulation to define two words – “gainful employment”. Aimed at for-profit career colleges and certificate programs, this rule uses a heavy-handed approach to evaluate and sanction these programs, making it more difficult for Americans to access educational opportunities. My question is why the #doublestandard? Why hold for-profit colleges and career schools to an arbitrary standard compared to public and private colleges? All who are receiving the same government funds should have the same standard. After all, we are talking about institutions preparing people for jobs. If you want to have your voice heard click the link before May 27 and press the “Comment Now!” button.
ICYMI: Yesterday I joined Rob & Karie on News/Talk 92.3 KTAR to discuss the latest on the Phoenix VA investigation. Listen below.
NA
Nebraskans have watched as the Obama Administration has protected the president and his political allies rather than be forthcoming with the American people. Revelations this week regarding Benghazi and potentially misleading statements from EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy show this administration yet again prioritizing political cover over transparency and accountability. This alarming pattern demonstrates either the height of incompetence or a wanton disregard for the truth. The American people deserve better, and I will work with my colleagues to hold this administration accountable.
Today, as we kick-off Older Americans Month, I will begin to announce winners of the First Annual Nevada Silver Awards. If you know a Nevadan over the age of 65 who leads a healthy lifestyle and has good safety tips, please visit my website and nominate them for a Silver Award. Click here for more details: http://1.usa.gov/PUP4Cl  #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
The Keystone XL pipeline is a vital energy infrastructure project that the American people clearly favor. Congress needs to make a decision because the administration has delayed making its decision indefinitely. Our legislation acknowledges the vital national interest this project represents on many levels. It will create thousands of jobs, boost our economy, help to reduce our reliance on Middle Eastern oil and make our country more secure.
Obama's top national security advisers knew this was a terrorist attack within hours. This e-mail is a smoking gun that the White House was more concerned with reelection than the 4 American heroes that died.
Retweeted Crossfire (@Crossfire):  Is President Obama leading or stumbling? #Crossfire with @VanJones68 @newtgingrich @SenRonJohnson @RepKarenBass starts soon!
Raising the minimum wage will cost up to a million people a job.  http://t.co/0r62DOvWis
Raise the price of something, and less of it will be bought. Including work.  http://t.co/CKt1LywNwn
Even though raising the minimum wage will mean joblessness for half a million people, Democrats push for it. Why? http://t.co/jaEUTsCKct
Retweeted Michael Burgess, MD (@michaelcburgess):  Should members of #Congress get a "special deal" in #Obamacare? @SenRonJohnson and @JonathanTurley say no. Rightly so http://t.co/KBO2RuLJYj
Sen. Johnson enjoying coffee and conversation with constituents visiting from Wisconsin. http://t.co/ep1bjnltxk
Senator Marco Rubio and I called on Sec. Kerry to publicly state that the U.S. will cut off aid to the Palestinian Authority if a Fatah-Hamas unity government fails to comply with requirements of the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006. 
Met with Illinois Farm Bureau's new President, Rich Guebert, about strengthening #Illinois infrastructure to boost #agriculture exports.
May is Stroke Awareness Month. Thanks to 11-year-old Jackson C. for inspiring me to #NeverGiveUp. #tbt to his visit last year.  Learn more about his story and visit: http://bit.ly/kirk-jackson
Honored to receive an award from the Pleasantview Fire Protection District. Thanks to all #Illinois firefighters for their public service.
It is unacceptable that the President still wants to share missile defense info with Putin. My #Russia sanctions provision will stop that.
We are subjecting the American people and our economy to nearly $2 trillion dollars a year in regulatory compliance costs.  By doing nothing to alleviate this burden, we continue through our past, recklessly broad delegation of authority to subject the American people to a lot of laws that are legislated without any elected official being involved in the process.  In this Joint Economic Committee hearing, we discuss some solutions to this problem.
Free enterprise works – morally and materially – because it aligns the interests of the individual and society. It’s a system governed by an “invisible hand” that rewards the creation of value, and by an “invisible foot” that punishes complacency, especially at the top.  Like and share if you agree.
I wanted my speech on crony capitalism today to start a conversation on how we can address the opportunity crisis that is created by cronyist privilege.  I appreciate the analysis in this Utah Politico article that recognizes that this isn't necessarily an issue of left vs. right.  This is instead a conflict between the political establishment in Washington D.C. and everyone else.  I invite you all to join the discussion on this topic. #Cronyism #EndExIm
It's always a privilege as well as humbling to spend time with veterans from Kansas at the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. These veterans represent the best of America — a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. It is because these veterans answered the call of duty that we enjoy the freedoms we have today.  The veterans I visited with today were in Washington, D.C., with Kansas Honor Flight, Inc., an organization that enables veterans to visit the WWII Memorial created in their honor.
Congress declared the first Thursday in May as a National Day of Prayer in 1952. Today serves as a reminder to set aside time to pray for our country and reflect on the importance of prayer. Whether in times of uncertainty, grief or joy, prayer has the power to comfort, and it is encouraging to know that so many individuals are praying for their elected officials, the state of Kansas and our country.
Alaska is a key strategic asset of the Pentagon's new Asia-Pacific focus, so I asked US Army Chief of Staff General Odierno about the Army's commitment level to maintain two combat training teams in Alaska as it faces possible budget cuts.
Had a productive discussion with Wright Patterson's Lt. Gen. C.D. Moore and Colonel Cassie Barlow today on the vital role Wright Patt plays in Ohio and to our Air Force.
I am deeply disappointed and disturbed by the Senate's inability to stand with me in defense of Israel today. My support will not waiver and I hope the United States Senate will prevail in cutting off American aid to those that refuse to recognize Israel as a Jewish state.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHZVdJLy97o&feature=youtu.be
Today I was joined by several of my colleagues in introducing legislation to prohibit the IRS from providing performance awards to employees who owe outstanding federal tax debt or who have violated U.S. tax law. This is common sense, and I hope it will be taken up for a vote soon.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osPYtSgwgc0&list=UURpswvC8LgxzE9AYSFpqUgw
You can earn a bonus and extra vacation!  http://1.usa.gov/SeDLqJ
The number one barrier to trade is Harry Reid. At the Finance Committee hearing today, I made it clear that Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) faces no hurdles in Committee. Watch my exchange with Michael Froman, U.S. Trade Representative.
Today I was joined by Mike Enzi (R-WY), Senator John Thune (R-SD) and Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY) in introducing a bill to prohibit the IRS from awarding bonuses to IRS employees that have violated tax laws or owe back taxes. The IRS should not be in the business of awarding bonuses – particularly to its agents who are unable or unwilling to abide by the tax laws they are directed to uphold. 
We need to get rid of attempts to regulate free speech. The First Amendment doesn't allow us to silence opposition.
Rubio, Kirk Call On Kerry To Publicly Reaffirm Conditions On U.S. Aid To The Palestinian Authority: http://1.usa.gov/1jmieGn  “As you know, the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006 sets detailed requirements for the continuation of U.S. assistance should Hamas be brought into the Palestinian Authority government. The law is very clear. If Hamas comes to have a role in governance, there must be public acknowledgment of the Jewish state of Israel’s right to exist as well as acceptance of all previous agreements the Palestinians have made with Israel, the United States, and the international community,” the senators wrote. “The law also requires that demonstrable progress be made toward dismantling of Hamas’ terrorist infrastructure and purging of individuals with ties to terrorism. Moreover, Hamas would need to halt its anti-American and anti-Israel incitement. The bar is high because the stakes are high and we must make sure to stand firmly by what we have said. Failing to do so will diminish the credibility of the United States.   “Unfortunately, we have already seen reports that influential voices within Hamas say a unity deal would not compel Hamas to recognize Israel’s right to exist,” they added. “It seems clear, therefore, that the current plans for the Palestinian Authority continue to disregard the assurances needed to support Israel’s security and move the Palestinian people further away from the day when they can live in peace.   “Under the unity deal as we understand it, no effort whatsoever will be made to disarm Hamas or even request that it renounce terrorism before joining the PA. Having an armed terrorist group, which is still committed to violence against Israel, as part of the PA government should make that government ineligible for American aid,” they continued. “We urge you to state publicly that there will be an immediate cut-off of relevant U.S. assistance unless there is full compliance with the letter and spirit of all provisions in the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act.” 
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Free Enterprise, Russia Sanctions On Fox: http://1.usa.gov/1rIokl5  Rubio: “The good news is that in America we have free enterprise. And free enterprise means everyone can be better off without making anyone worse off. That's what has made us different from the rest of the world. I wish we had a President that actually believed that.” 
Senator Shelby- "I make a conscious effort to spend only what is necessary to best serve my constituents." 
NA
Joining Senator John Hoeven's bill to approve #KeystoneXL, increase jobs & bring this economy back for millions of Americans:
The Internet Tax Freedom Forever Act makes perfect sense. Glad to join Senator Ron Wyden & Senator John Thune to bar governments from taxing the web. #Freedom
I support Senator Rand Paul's commonsense idea to cut Palestinian aid if they don't recognize Israel’s right to exist. #StandwithRand
Important read by Yaron Sideman, the consul general of Israel to the Mid-Atlantic http://tinyurl.com/oqpo6cd
Great idea announced today. @SAP in Newtown Square pledges to hire more employees with #Autism http://tinyurl.com/ps7euz8
The significant losses and hardships caused by the deadly storms in Mississippi this week make this federal disaster declaration more than appropriate.  We appreciate the President’s prompt approval of Governor Bryant’s request to make assistance available to families, businesses and whole communities hurt by these storms.    We will be working with the administration and federal agencies helping the resilient people of Mississippi recover and rebuild.
