LIKE or SHARE if you think Harry Reid is the "obstructionist in chief" in the U.S. Senate.   Sen. Alexander stopped by the Knoxville News Sentinel Monday to talk about what’s going on in the Senate, including legislation he passed this year to help Tennesseans, despite the “obstructionist in chief” Harry Reid. Read more: http://bit.ly/IEeIHS
NA
Few have done more to advance human rights and democracy than Nelson Mandela. Today the world lost one of the most courageous leaders of our time.
Nelson Mandela's compassion and humility in the face of overwhelming adversity remains an inspiration. The people of South Africa will forever be in debt for his role in ending apartheid, and the rest of the world inspired by his leading a divided nation into a new, prosperous era. Today, we all mourn his passing, but take comfort in the enduring lessons of his life that will live forever.
Due to inclement weather in the forecast tomorrow, my staff has canceled Friday's Mobile Office Hours in Rockport. It will be  rescheduled at a later date.
Today Governor Mike Pence announced that Indiana has maintained its AAA credit ratings from all three bond agencies – Standard and Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings. Since April 2010, the state of Indiana has held AAA ratings with each of these bond agencies.  Indiana’s remarkable fiscal turnaround over the past several years has increased opportunity and prosperity for Hoosier businesses, workers and families. The Hoosier model has resulted in balanced budgets, job creation and a continued triple-A credit rating. In contrast, the approach taken in Washington over the last five years has resulted in fewer jobs, higher debt and downgrades from credit agencies.   Washington is searching for answers to our nation’s financial challenges, and today’s announcement again shows why the Hoosier model is a good blueprint for America’s recovery.
NA
I am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Nelson Mandela. What a life this man lived! He is an example to each and every one of us. I join the whole world in mourning the loss of this great leader.
News Release: The increasing amount of burdensome regulations from Washington are putting unneeded stress on producers and processors.  Senator Jim Risch and I recently joined a bicameral letter to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), requesting that the FDA propose and submit a second set of proposed rules for public comment before issuing final rules in compliance with the Food Safety Modernization Act.  Previously, the FDA extended the comment period on the proposed rules to November 15, 2013.  Not only will these new regulations greatly affect Idaho’s agricultural community, but consumers will see higher prices as a result of the drop in food production.  I support ensuring the safety of our food supply, but we must be reasonable in our approach and ensure that any needed remedies are tailored to properly address the problem.    On January 4, 2013, the FDA issued a proposed rule for growing, harvesting, packing and holding fresh produce.  Among its requirements, the proposed rule would require weekly testing of all agricultural water at a cost of $35 to $40 per week.  If levels of coliform bacteria exceed the FDA’s stringent standard, the farmer must cease irrigation until the water is in compliance, running a high risk of ruining a crop.  The FDA estimates that the cost of implementation will cost a producer approximately $5,000 to $30,600 per farm, depending on size, with a total industry cost of $460 million.
Nelson Mandela united both his country and the world around the basic dignity owed to every human being.  His unwavering commitment to justice and equality remains a model for each of us.  As we mourn this great leader, let us also celebrate his life and work to carry on his legacy.
Cornyn Praises Passage of House Patent Bill:
Senator Corker completed a three-nation trip to the Middle East today in Bahrain where he continued to assess U.S. diplomatic and security relations in the Gulf region.  During his visit to Bahrain, he met American service members deployed to Bahrain with the U.S. Navy’s Fifth Fleet, including Commander Vice Admiral John W. Miller and sailors and marines from Tennessee.  For more about his trip, visit: 1.usa.gov/ISvMv0
Senator Corker made the following statement regarding the passing of former South African President Nelson Mandela.  “As an inspirational leader, Nelson Mandela brought about a better way of life for his people of South Africa and inspired millions throughout the world.  While we are all saddened by his passing, his personal story and contributions to freedom, democracy, and human rights will live on forever,” said Corker. 1.usa.gov/1cZZCWQ
Senator Barrasso and I were proud to join 76 other senators recently in cosponsoring a bill which would award the four living members of the “Doolittle Raid” with the Congressional Gold Medal. The medal will stand as a testament to the service men’s outstanding act of heroism and valor. Their brave air raid on the Japanese homeland signaled a turning point for the American people during the early stages of the Pacific conflict in World War II.
One of the true giants of the past century has passed. President Mandela's courage, perseverance, optimism and moral leadership have blessed not only his beloved country, but the entire world.
Today, the nation of South Africa lost a beloved leader and the whole world lost a voice of unshakable moral clarity with the passing of Nelson Mandela. Few have done more than Mandela to fulfill the mission of ‘peace on earth and good will toward men,’ the universal message of this holiday season. May we honor Mandela’s legacy by working to build a freer, more peaceful world through compassion, forgiveness, and engagement with one another.
Over the Thanksgiving holiday, I spent time visiting Nebraska's businesses, medical centers, and manufacturing plants.
Yesterday I had a productive conversation with the Fremont Area Chamber of Commerce. We covered several topics such as the rising cost of health care and onerous EPA regulations. Read more about our meeting here
RIP Nelson Mandela. Thankful he lived good life after 27 yrs in prison. Freed his country from apartheid, led his country, inspired world
Tour, Q&A 95 Cottingham&Butler employees-DBQ Topics: budget, partisanship, nuclear option, Bitcoin, farm bill, Obamacare, executive orders
Tour, Q&A w 65 Flexsteel employees in Dubuque Topics: Social Security, Welfare, vouchers, Benghazi, gov shutdown, farm bill, taxes, min wage
Today the world joins with South Africa to mourn the loss of Nelson Mandela, a transcendent hero, champion of equality & strength through peace.
Presented Sharon Maier with her Angel in Adoption award today. Sharon has devoted her life to advocating on behalf of North Dakota’s adoptive children and families, and her efforts have left an indelible impact on hundreds of families who have benefited directly from her dedication, knowledge and loving heart. Sharon’s good work reflects the core values of our state, and she is truly an Angel in Adoption. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=7c405959-452b-40f2-af6c-b7fe4eacca16
My thoughts go out to the people of South Africa and around the world as we mourn the loss of President Mandela – a courageous leader.
I am looking forward to hosting a town hall meeting in Milwaukee tomorrow - be sure to stop by if you're in the area!
Nelson Mandela brought a new era of peace to South Africa. The world has lost a great champion of human rights.
I would like to thank the representatives from the Utah Department of Work Force Services, the Calvary Baptist Church, the Utah Food Bank, the 4th Street Clinic, United Way, and Standing Together for participating in my roundtable to reduce poverty.  A lot of great ideas where shared, and this meeting confirmed my belief that we can make changes in federal and state policy to remove barriers that trap people in poverty and prevent upward mobility.
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. His courage and character inspired South Africa and the world. Read my full remarks here:
Sen. McConnell pro-coal listening session at the Coal Building on the campus of University of Pikeville tomorrow.
Nelson Mandela lived a truly amazing life of struggle, triumph and achievement. His work and inspiring spirit shaped humanity for the better.
It was a pleasure to tour Shawnee Mission West High School this week with Principal Dr. Julie Crain, Junior Grace Yialouris and Senior Alex Rowe. This year, Shawnee Mission West was included on Newsweek’s list of America’s Best High Schools. The list includes 2,000 public high schools across the nation that have proven most effective in turning out college-ready grads. Thanks for the warm welcome.
Touring Little Red Services this afternoon and seeing something really exciting: Due to recent increased activity by the producers, they've been able to bring oil field fabrication that was being done in Canada back here to Alaskan workers.  Good news for the economy and keeping our highly skilled guys here at home.
RIP, Nelson Mandela.  Today the world has lost an icon, a truly inspirational leader who was the personification of patience, positivity and perseverance.  Despite facing the longest of odds and the most difficult and exhausting of obstacles, he was able to find a path to freedom and equality.  His aspirational vision was without bounds; that he reached so many of his goals will be a legacy for millions for generations.  He said “It always seems impossible until it is done.”  That is truly a message for all of us facing adversity or challenges in our lives of all sizes.
Holiday party time!  Stop by my Anchorage office and say hi, but don't be alarmed by my sunglasses.  I just had eye surgery today but didn't want to miss tonight.  We will be here until 6:30.
Our Annual Peterson Tower Holiday Party and open house begins in just over an hour- hope to see you here!
Asked Ohioans to contact me to share their experiences with Obamacare and explain how this law is impacting their lives:
I am meeting with fellow Kentuckians today. Stopped in Prospect earlier and now at Rails Restaurant in La Grange.
In case you missed it:  Last night, I appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity to present my plan to dramatically reduce taxes and red tape so Detroit businesses can grow and thrive.  WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHPP-1O7jiY
At 10pm ET, I will be joining Sean Hannity on Fox News.  Be sure to tune in!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa. Mandela was a hero to all those who strive for liberty and freedom around the globe.
It was great to visit with an extraordinary group of young leaders at Washburn University yesterday. The future of Kansas looks bright with impressive students like these leading the way.    http://cjonline.com/news/2013-12-04/roberts-hits-washburn-listening-tour
Senator Rubio Comments On Passing Of Nelson Mandela: http://1.usa.gov/IGA7jX  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio today issued the following statement regarding the death of Nelson Mandela:   “The world has lost one of history’s most important figures, though Nelson Mandela’s example will live on for generations to come. Men and women striving for justice and fairness around the world have drawn inspiration from Nelson Mandela, and he showed South Africans and the entire world what the power of forgiveness truly means and can accomplish. My wife Jeanette and I send our condolences to the Mandela family and to the people of South Africa.”
Senator Rubio Joins Colleagues In Opposing Chinese Actions In East China Sea: http://1.usa.gov/1d2dTCD  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL), Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Bob Corker (R-TN) and Ben Cardin (D-MD) today united in opposition to China’s recent establishment of an Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) over areas of the East China Sea.   In a letter to China’s ambassador to the U.S., the senators condemned the move for violating the sovereignty of territories claimed by Japan and South Korea, while also threatening to destabilize the entire region...
Sen. Sessions toured the Commercial Jet Services facility in Dothan:  “Alabama is my state. I represent the people of Alabama and we want to see economic growth and prosperity. The local leaders here have banded together to try to create the climate that will attract good investment.”
Nelson Mandela was a transformational figure, a man who truly changed the world. He walked a long road to freedom and embraced the fundamental human belief in equality. After his release from prison, his tireless work to reconcile a nation torn apart by centuries of tension and hostility made him one of history's greatest statesmen. All freedom-loving people mourn his passing.
To our Jewish friends and neighbors near and far, we wish you a very happy end to your Hanukkah celebrations.
"I would not and could not give myself up to despair." - Nelson Mandela. RIP.
Last month, my wife, Kris, and I took our children to Philly's Walk to End Alzheimer's. Here are my reflections on that day.
Celebrating 125 years of service to seniors at Wesley Enhanced Living in northeast Philly. What a record!
Working with PA State Rep. Joe Hackett to prevent prescription drug abuse. This is why:
My wife, Kris, wasn't able to get through on #Obamacare's website. The site took all our family's personal info, but wouldn't let her shop for alternative plans.
I extend my deepest condolences to the Mandela family and the people of South Africa. The story of President Mandela is a remarkable epoch of courage and perseverance. Because of his leadership, South Africans saw an end to apartheid and the beginning of national reconciliation. It was a moving experience for me to visit Robben Island, where Mandela was unjustly held prisoner for more than 27 years. His legacy, however, is much more than his struggle against injustice.
