Ken Herman, quoted in NYT: "I have nothing against people who enjoy hunting. I’m too squeamish to do it. I would do it if you could shoot a nice hamburger or something. I’m from Brooklyn originally. This is not of my culture.”
Obamacare's HHS mandate that employers provide health care coverage for contraception, including abortion-inducing drugs, even if it violates the religious beliefs of the employer, is an assault on religious liberty.
 
 SHARE and encourage your friends to join the fight to defund Obamacare!
Reason #8 for defunding Obamacare: Less innovation in health care services. 
 
 Since passage of Obamacare, venture capital investments going into new health care services to improve how and what we deliver in health care have ALREADY dropped significantly. 
 
 SHARE if you support spurring innovation and defunding Obamacare!
#99countymeetings SatNite StAnsgar AmLegion Speak special annual event honoring veterans who died last yr 90ppl  only few Qs VA health care
#99countymeetings  SatPM Charles City 71ppl  Budget ObamaCare Guns  FarmBill
The C-130 has landed! Welcome home to the Nevada Air National Guard's 152nd Airlift Wing!
I'll be on CNN at 1:20 p.m. CT with Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia to talk about Startup Act 3.0, our plan to jumpstart the economy and create jobs for Americans through the creation and growth of new businesses. Please watch!
I'll be appearing on Fox News Channel momentarily to discuss the importance of passing a budget and Startup Act 3.0. Please tune in!
It's incredibly important to clear up the confusion created by Shannyn Moore's piece today -- and I want Alaskans to hear it directly from me. The amendment she misconstrued focused on tribal jurisdiction over non-Natives who are accused of domestic or sexual assault on reservation land.  Of Alaska's 229 federally-recognized tribes, Alaska only has one reservation: Metlakatla. My amendment was introduced to spell out in no uncertain terms that Metlakatla would receive the same rights and jurisdiction granted to Lower 48 reservations.  It was inclusive language, not what Ms. Moore suggested -- and it received praise from the Central Council of Tlingit and Haida Tribes of Alaska.   Secondly, I cannot agree more that sexual and domestic violence is a blight on our state, especially in rural areas, and that what we are doing is not enough. This is why the other language I included in the bill -- but was not mentioned -- was to reestablish and authorize funding for the Alaska Rural Justice and Law Enforcement Commission to provide a permanent forum for the tribes, the state, and the federal government to work together on rural safety issues.  Yes, I said 'fund.' Fiscal discipline is necessary to restore a sustainable future for our nation, but funding rural justice efforts is work that I will fight for as our people are losing their futures through abuse and despair.  I am discouraged by Ms. Moore's research and I am disheartened by the attempt to score partisan points on an issue that should be above politics.
Headed over to go on Face the Nation on CBS. Hope you'll tune in this morning.
