NA
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Fourth of July. Always remember, freedom is not free.
The Fourth of July is both a celebration and demonstration of our national unity. It is an opportunity for people of all backgrounds and histories to join together under their common bonds as citizens of the United States of America. This Fourth of July, let us celebrate our nation, founded on the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, that has persevered for 237 years.   Let us also never forget that this celebration would not be possible without those who have served and continue to serve in our armed forces. We thank them for their selfless service and pray for them and their families.   God bless you all and may God bless the United States of America. Happy Fourth of July.
Happy Independence Day!
Whether you are traveling or staying home, I wish you and your family a happy and safe #july4 holiday. #idpol #independenceday
NA
NA
Happy 4th of July!  Senator Collins participated today in the Winslow parade.  What a great day!
NA
NA
NA
As our nation marks its 237th birthday, I join in celebrating this Fourth of July.  As Texans, the independent spirit that defines this country is rooted in our very being.    I remain deeply grateful for our forefathers who fought to create our great nation, and for the brave men and women who continue that fight today.   May God bless Texas, and the United States of America.
Senator Corker made the following statement in honor of Independence Day: “This Independence Day, I hope Tennesseans will join me in giving thanks for our service men and women, and their families, who sacrifice every day to protect our freedoms. I am continually inspired by their selflessness and bravery. Since our country's founding, each generation has made tough choices to leave a stronger, more prosperous country for future Americans. We face tremendous challenges both at home and abroad, but I have no doubt we will continue the American tradition of meeting each challenge with innovation, optimism and courage.”
Each year, we gather together to celebrate the birth of our nation. Happy Independence Day!
I hope everyone has a great time celebrating America’s independence with family BBQs, parades, and picnics in the park. I look forward to doing just that in Guernsey!
I had the privilege of celebrating the Fourth of July with our troops in Afghanistan. These brave men and women sacrifice so much so we can enjoy our freedoms. I was honored to share this important day with our heroes, including many Nebraskans serving overseas.
Happy Independence Day! Today we celebrate 237 years of freedom in the United States. As we gather to enjoy time with family and friends, don't forget to take a moment to reflect on the sacrifices of the men and women who continue to fight each and every day to protect our liberty.
It is a great privilege and honor to be with our troops in Afghanistan on the Fourth of July.  Seeing these brave men and women in a combat zone reenlist and continue their service to our nation is a special privilege.  As we celebrate July 4th, please keep these brave Americans in your prayers.  They have fought long and hard to protect and defend the freedoms we all hold dear.
Just finished July 4th parade in Reinbeck  I walked w @patgrassley  perfect weather  onto Io Iowa Falls for last parade of day
Grassley Statement Celebrating Independence Day
As Nevadans attend barbecues and picnics, and enjoy time with family and friends, let us be grateful for those who laid the foundations for what has become the greatest country in the world. This Independence Day also serves as a reminder of those who have fought and continue to fight for the liberties we enjoy today. It is because of the sacrifices of these brave patriots that we are able to provide a brighter future for generations to come.  Today I join my fellow Nevadans in celebrating a nation where bettering oneself and striking a new, independent path is a dream that has been realized by millions.  Happy 4th of July!
Today the people of Wisconsin and the United States celebrate the adoption of a world changing document, the Declaration of Independence.  I wish everyone a safe and happy Independence Day!
Happy Independence Day! Thank you for protecting our freedoms #USNavy #USMC #USArmy #USAirForce  #USCoastGuard #USA share if you agree.
The Declaration of Independence, the founding charter of our nation, is one the greatest assertions of human rights and dignity ever written. Its moral argument for liberty, equality and responsibility rings as true today as did in 1776.  Properly considered, independence, liberty and equality are not simply moral principles; they are moral challenges. So you're free — what are you going to do with your freedom?  This is a question I hope we can contemplate as we celebrate our freedom today.
Very proud to spend 4th of July with our troops in Afghanistan. I was humbled to take part in a re-enlistment and promotion ceremony at ISAF Headquarters in Kabul, and to spend time with the remarkable men and women of the American military. Let's keep them and their families in our thoughts and prayers as we celebrate this Independence Day.
I enjoyed speaking with some of the brave men and women who bravely sacrificed so much for our country at the Dole VA Transitional Living Center BBQ in Wichita. The food was good and the company was even better. Here, I'm pictured with U.S. Army Veteran Frank Bruner and U.S. Navy Veteran Willie Crump.
This morning I kicked off my Fourth of July celebrations riding in Derby’s Independence Day Parade. Thanks for the opportunity to be a part of your festivities. How are you celebrating today?
As we celebrate our great nation today with family and friends, take time to not only reflect on the sacrifices of those who ensure our freedom, but also how you can serve our country right here in Kansas.
For over two centuries, America has been the ‘shining city on the hill’ that our founding fathers envisioned – a beacon of hope and prosperity for those aspiring to freedom across the globe.  But as we take a moment to appreciate all that we have, we must never forget the cost of freedom.  Thousands have given their lives to secure the blessings of liberty, and their families have mourned the loss as a price to pay for this gift that we all enjoy. Freedom is indeed perishable and we’re grateful for those who safeguard our liberty for our children and grandchildren.  As Alaskans, we share a unique brand of patriotism and independence. We treat our armed forces better than any other state, as we honor our veterans and the freedoms they defend.  We speak our minds and we think big thoughts – bounded only by the limits of our imaginations.  On this Independence Day, I am honored to represent Alaska in the United States of America. Thank you.
Had a great time touring the Moss Bay Oyster Farm in Kachemak Bay this afternoon.  A lot of work goes into growing these little guys and I love that it's another sustainable Alaskan fishery.
Aboard the Lynx at the Tall Ships Festival
Checking out the vessels with project YESS students at the Tall Ships Fest on Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland.
Today, we celebrate our Declaration of Independence.   This document and the sentiment that inspired were milestones in our history. Our founding fathers stood up for life and liberty, all the while risking theirs.  If, as Reagan said, "Freedom is never more than a generation away from extinction," will ours be the one to allow the flame to be extinguished?  I don't believe so.   I believe we are prepared to stand and fight to preserve our nation, our rights and our liberty.   On this day, I am thankful for being given the opportunity to play a role in this cause.  And I am grateful for the support you have given to me and to others.    Today, many will be with their families, go to parades, cook out, and celebrate. I will be one of those enjoying this day.  John Adams spoke of our Independence and declared that it, "ought to be commemorated as the day of deliverance, by solemn acts of devotion to God Almighty.  It ought to be solemnized with pomp and parade, with shows, games, sports, guns, bells, bonfires, and illuminations, from one end of this continent to the other, from this time forward forever more"  In Bowling Green, Kentucky today where I am today, there will be fireworks and music, and perhaps there will be speeches that remind us of the origins of the day, and our freedoms.  We should take time to reflect on what that means to us.  To me it means the freedom to live in the manner prescribed and protected in our founding documents.  It means standing up for free speech, even when you disagree with the speech.  It means standing up for the 4th, 5th and 6th amendment, even when it might seem more expeditious not to.  It means removing the obstacles to freedom that are sometimes placed in the path of the individual, the worker or the job creator.    For these rights, this liberty, is what defines us and allows us to prosper.   As Emerson said, "For what avail the plough or sail, or land or life, if freedom fails."  Enjoy the 4th.   Celebrate with family and friends.   And pledge to continue the fight for freedom, so you and I can say we preserved it here for another generation.       In liberty,  Rand Paul
On this 4th, liberty is under assault at home and we continue to side with the enemies of freedom abroad. My Washington Times column.
I want to wish you and your family a happy Independence Day. Thank you to those who wear the uniform and are working everyday to protect our freedoms.
This July 4th, I wish our great nation a happy 237th birthday. As we celebrate this holiday, I share with you time-tested words from our Declaration of Independence:
  
 “… And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.”
  
 May these time-tested words continue to ring as true today as they always have. Happy Independence Day! God bless you and God bless the United States of America.
NA
It is a great July 4 in Lexington - serving as Grand Marshall for the Lexington County Peach Parade. #IndependenceDay #July4 #SouthCarolina
Happy 4th of July! Blessed to live in the greatest nation the world has ever known
As we celebrate our 237th year of Independence, let us not forget the sacrifice and bravery of our veterans. A grateful nation thanks you for your service. Happy Independence Day!
Happy Independence Day! My wife, Gayle, and I wish you and your family a wonderful Fourth of July.
