Ran into the West Point softball team at the Hastings Applebees last night - had a great time meeting them!
Kept invite to be in SturgisFalls parade very large crowds  SturgisFalls is original name for CedarFalls .Four day annual celebration
Tonite I spoke at celebration of completion of Conrad Iowa MainSt Revitalization project  StRep Pat Grassley also spoke Beautiful downtown
Great to visit with Kansans at my town hall meeting in Wabunsee County this morning. I then got to enjoy something they see every day — the beauty of the Flint Hills — as I hiked Deep Creek Road. Great people living in a great state. Kansas trumps Washington, D.C., every time.
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour this morning in Wabaunsee County. Twenty-five area residents came out to discuss a variety of issues including EPA regulations, veterans issues, Senate rules and rural health care. Thanks to the folks at the Barnyard Café in Alta Vista for hosting us.   It was also great to stop by the Alta Vista Market on its grand opening day. As Kansans know, sometimes economic development in our communities depends on whether or not it has a grocery store.
Tonight, I had the pleasure of joining thousands of country music fans at Country Stampede. This annual, four-day music and camping festival attracts notable country music singers and is held at Tuttle Creek State Park. I enjoyed visiting with Kansans and listening to many talented performers. It was also a real honor to witness more than a dozen young men and women taking the U.S. Air Force Oath of Enlistment. I thanked them for their commitment to our country.    Thanks to Jeff and Marla Copper for arranging the details of my visit, and to all the event organizers for their hard work to ensure this year’s festival was a great success.
Good news on Alaska seafood: state and federal agencies worked together to study the safety of our waters and seafood. They found the safety of fish and shellfish from Alaska waters and beaches are not affected by the nuclear reactor damage in Japan. I'm going to continue monitoring this issue, but if you want more information, here's a link to the Alaska DEH report.
Visited with Sandusky-area veterans this morning. My office stands ready to help with any VA issues.
