In Raymond on Saturday, Senator Ayotte joined residents and local officials to celebrate the town’s 250th anniversary.  Read more: http://www.unionleader.com/article/20140914/NEWS50/140919551/0/SEARCH
Join us for our Facebook Q&A. What questions do you have?
I'll be hosting a Facebook Q&A at noon central today to answer your questions. I'll have 30 minutes and look forward to answering as many questions I can.
A new report shows that the U.S. ranks #32 in developed world in tax competitiveness. We need tax reform now if we want to stay the #1 economy in the world. 
NA
I will be hosting my third statewide tele-townhall meeting of 2014 on Wednesday evening, September 17.  The call will take place at 7:00 PM Mountain Time/6:00 PM Pacific Time.  All that is needed to participate is a telephone.  Joining the call is voluntary and listeners are given the opportunity to ask about topics regarding federal policies and legislation.  To sign up to participate, click here:http://goo.gl/Rth16y  
Want to hear my thoughts on the President’s Middle East strategy to defeat ISIS? Watch here: http://goo.gl/YmFHgg 
Chancellor Robert Duncan of Texas Tech University met with me last week for a great discussion in my DC office
Sen. Cornyn Requests Delay On Proposed EPA Rule That Would Unfairly Burden Texas Energy Consumers:
This Wednesday, September 17, is the 227th anniversary of the signing of the Constitution of the United States, and to mark the occasion, students in 10 Tennessee schools will participate in Constitution Week events sponsored by Senator Corker’s office.   Members of Senator Corker’s staff will deliver interactive presentations to students, showing a 5-foot replica of the Constitution and discussing its importance in every American’s life.  “I hope the students who attend our Constitution Week events across the state develop a healthy interest in our country’s history, values and system of government,” said Corker. “Our country faces a number of challenges in the coming decades, and it’s important that young Americans understand the cherished document that has guided our country since its founding.”  The week-long celebration began this morning in Roane County, where Senator Corker’s staff met with students at Dyllis Springs Elementary School.
New study confirms the U.S. tax code costs jobs and impedes growth. Time to #AbolishTheIRS and drastically simplify the tax code.
This Administration has aggressively looked for every opportunity to expand its reach into our lives and pocketbooks. This includes EPA garnishment of Americans’ wages without a court order. Senator Barrasso and I joined some of our Senate colleagues today to introduce a bill that would require a court order before the EPA could garnish wages.
In less than a month, the new federal fiscal year begins and yet this Senate has not passed a single appropriations bill for the next year. Instead we are being presented with another short-term continuing resolution. This is not the way the government should operate, nor does it meet the expectations of those who sent us to Washington to represent them. Recently I sent a letter to my Senate colleagues asking them to support my biennial budget bill. Similar to how the Wyoming Legislature works, this bill would force the federal government to budget over a two-year window giving Congress more time to scrutinize spending and eliminate duplication and waste. 
My state staff is holding office hours in Thedford, Mullen and Hyannis on Sept. 30th. Come by, we are here to help!
Senator Grassley takes note of a new analysis that shows wind is the most efficient fuel for electricity.  Senator Grassley is a long-time advocate for wind energy.  Read the new analysis here:
Since I hv used 30  as the number of terrorist plots in US since 9/11 I stand corrected by CongResearchService numbr 70. Sorry to Iowans
When Pres Obama says I hv pen and ph if Congress won't I will he's like the Roosevelts he considers Constitution a nuisance
“This decision moves Basin’s transmission line project forward and helps our state’s ongoing work to create jobs, grow our economy and develop more energy for North Dakota and the nation. Transmission line projects like this help to build necessary critical infrastructure.”
President Obama has said his counterterrorism strategy in Iraq and Syria against ISIS will compare to how he has handled terrorism in Yemen. Why this is a recipe for failure:  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/dont-replicate-failure-yemen_804738.html?page=1
The White House is currently holding a ceremony to posthumously honor the late U.S. Army Specialist Four Donald Sloat, a native of Coweta, Okla., with the Medal of Honor. With this award the nation recognizes the immense courage of one of Oklahoma’s sons and the dedication of one of our nation’s brave military heroes. Specialist Four Sloat proudly joined the U.S. Army in 1969 and served his country overseas in Vietnam as a Machine gunner. In the midst of a patrol in January 1970, Specialist Four Sloat sacrificed his life to protect the lives of his brothers in combat from a grenade. Today let us honor and remember Specialist Four Sloat for his selfless actions that saved the lives of his fellow soldiers. http://www.kjrh.com/news/local-news/coweta-army-specialist-donald-sloat-receives-medal-of-honor-40-years-after-being-killed-in-action 
President Obama has said his counterterrorism strategy in Iraq and Syria against ISIS will compare to how he has handled terrorism in Yemen. Why this is a recipe for failure:  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/dont-replicate-failure-yemen_804738.html?page=1
Great win by our Green Bay #Packers! Go Pack Go!
According to the CBO, prison sentencing reform would reduce prison costs by over $4 billion. The targeted changes that Senator Dick Durbin and I have proposed to our harsh mandatory minimum sentencing laws will strengthen our country by reuniting nonviolent drug offenders who have paid their debt to society more quickly with their families, and the CBO report shows that doing so will cost us less in the long run.
I'm back in Washington tonight getting ready for the week ahead. A couple of important hearings this week include a requested hearing on the burdensome regulations of community banks and credit unions and my appropriations subcommittee is examining the dire world consequences of Ebola.
Joined Fox News earlier today to discuss the need to defeat ISIS and stand up and be counted in this fight. Watch below: 
Last week, I had the immense pleasure of meeting United States Marine Corps Captain Matt Smith from Bagdad, Kentucky. He is a member of the Smith Auer Country Band, a band comprised of fellow marines.  Check them out HERE: http://www.myfoxdc.com/story/26336252/band-formed-by-local-marines-playing-shows-with-country-superstars
Today's MUST-READ: Time For Civil Asset Forfeiture Laws To Meet The Same Fate As Jim Crow  http://www.forbes.com/sites/georgeleef/2014/09/12/time-for-civil-asset-forfeiture-laws-to-meet-the-same-fate-as-jim-crow/
Rubio Warns Kerry Of The Threat Chinese Government Actions Pose To U.S. Relationship With Hong Kong: http://1.usa.gov/1tX6zUJ  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs, today urged Secretary of State John Kerry to speak out against recent efforts by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to undermine Hong Kong’s status as an autonomous region of China and the ability of the citizens of Hong Kong to choose their own representatives.   In a letter to Kerry, Rubio highlighted the Chinese government’s decision to prohibit Hong Kong voters from selecting nominees for the position of Chief Executive of Hong Kong, and instead force them to choose from a pool of pre-approved candidates. Rubio warned Kerry of the threat this poses to Hong Kong’s unique relationship with the U.S.   “The NPCSC’s decision violates the international commitments China has made regarding Hong Kong’s status,” Rubio wrote. “The people of Hong Kong have the right to elect their chief executive through democratic procedure, not be forced to pick from a pool of Chinese government approved candidates.   “I urge you to clearly speak out against this most recent decision by NPCSC and to work with your Chinese counterparts to ensure that Beijing does not further limit Hong Kong’s promised autonomy and its ability to move toward full democracy if its citizens so intend,” continued Rubio. “If Hong Kong continues down this dangerous path, Congress may need to consider reviewing the special trade and economic provisions Hong Kong enjoys as an autonomous region of China under U.S. law.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: America Needs Innovation, Not Political Stunts: http://politi.co/1DbAFXr  ...  "My proposals will spur the sort of transformative innovation that has always characterized the American free-enterprise system — the kind that led to the creation of the airplane, the personal computer and the Internet in the last century, and that has the potential to create new industries in this century that we haven’t even begun to imagine.  "My proposals will open America to the possibilities — and realities — of our increasingly globalized economy, which creates hundreds of millions of new customers for our products and services. It also will ensure that our businesses stay on an equal footing with increasingly fierce global competition.  "The resulting growth will be so explosive that it will infuse jobs and capital on every level of our economy. We should settle for nothing less."  ...
I enjoyed visiting with my Fall 2014 Page Molly Colquitt today. Molly is a Junior at Trinity Christian School in Auburn, and will be spending this semester studying at the Senate Page School while working in the United States Senate.   My office is currently accepting applications for the Fall 2015 Senate Page Program. For more information and to submit an application, visit http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/senate-page-program
Congratulations to Army Command Sergeant Major Bennie G. Adkins of Opelika on receiving the Medal of Honor today.    Learn more about his heroism and dedicated service to our nation here: http://www.montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/local/dispatch/2014/09/14/medal-honor-will-go-opelika-man/15640761/
Thanks to Carly Fiorina for sharing your perspective at our first #WomenInLeadership discussion
Looking forward to the first of my #WomenInLeadership discussions with former HP CEO Carly Fiorina this morning! Learn more: ow.ly/BvKpz
In response to the President’s address last week, Congress and the American people are now seeking specifics about the new ISIS strategy. I am hopeful that the new plan is strong enough and broad enough to be successful long-term. U.S. leadership and the projection of military might are critical to defeating these extremists.
The Administration’s carbon dioxide rule could be disastrous for our economy, particularly in Mississippi. A rule of this complexity requires an opportunity for those affected by the rule to voice their concerns. The EPA must be held accountable for this breathtaking regulatory overreach.
We need answers from the Obama Administration.  Watch my interview on msnbc this morning on ISIS.
Wicker Report | After a month of visiting with Mississippians, I returned to Washington with a clear picture of the concerns and challenges facing our state. I learned from meeting with small business owners and their employees that it is getting more difficult to make a living in America. I heard from our military leaders why defense cuts could negatively impact troop readiness. I spoke to new Job Corps graduates, who have prepared for skilled careers but enter an unpredictable job market.
