Today we honor the brave American servicemen and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation. Click here to view a special Memorial Day message from Senator Ayotte http://t.co/FFe32tsDeL
Thank you to our military heroes for their selfless dedication in serving and protecting our country. #MemorialDay
As we celebrate Memorial Day, let us take a moment to remember the true meaning of the holiday: to honor those service members who have sacrificed for our nation. Upon entry to the United States military, these brave men and women take an oath to protect and defend the Constitution, our country, and our freedom, even if it means paying the ultimate price.  For those who pay this price, we express our deepest gratitude. God bless.
Thank you for the commitment and bravery of those who paid the ultimate sacrifice in service to our nation.
Today, we remember and honor our heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live safe and free.
Memorial Day weekend is a special time for many Hoosier families. As you gather with family and friends today, I encourage you to take a moment to reflect on the enormous sacrifice made by our men and women in uniform. It is the brave service and ultimate sacrifice of so many Americans that makes our nation safe, prosperous and free today.   We particularly remember the many Indiana families that have lost a loved one who answered the call to protect and defend our nation. We grieve for our fallen neighbors, friends and family members. We remember their courage and are inspired by their heroism. May we never take for granted the freedom we enjoy, lest we take for granted the sacrifices of those who fought to preserve that freedom.
This Memorial Day and every day, as we honor the brave Americans who serve and have died in service to our nation, we cannot forget the sacrifice of the many families who lost loved ones defending our country. More here: http://1.usa.gov/S8UtqS 
On this Memorial Day and every day of the year, may we honor the hopefulness of the heroes we have lost by practicing their selflessness, their determination, and their commitment to excellence. May we support their families who have served on the home front, and may we live each day with gratitude for our freedoms and for the men and women who gave everything to make those freedoms possible.
Honored to join Sun City's Memorial Day Ceremony, and express our gratitude for the men and women who sacrifice for our nation.
Senator Corker made the following statement honoring Memorial Day.  “My job gives me the honor of meeting with members of our military stationed around the world, and I’m always deeply moved by my visits with them. It is because of their courage, selflessness and willingness to serve that the United States remains the greatest country on Earth. On this Memorial Day, we remember them, their families and those who have made the ultimate sacrifice, and may we work even harder to ensure today’s veterans receive the support they deserve when returning home.”
May we never forget the lives of each solider; it is their blood that has kept us free. And it is their sacrifice that calls each of us to cherish the gift of liberty.  Please join me in pausing today to remember those who have fallen.
Showing extraordinary courage, Private First Class James W. Fous, an Omaha native, yelled out to nearby American soldiers to warn them before throwing his own body upon a grenade. He shielded his fellow men from the deadly blast, sacrificing his own life to save the lives of three other men in his unit. For his selfless act of service during the Vietnam War, Private Fous was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously.   Today, let us reflect on the values for which Private Fous and countless others fought and died as we renew our resolve to honor their legacy.
Every day we shld honor brave Americans who hv given their life to save freedoms we have But especially on Memorial Day  we owe al so much
Remembering all of the men and women who have fallen in defense of our freedom. #MemorialDay http://1.usa.gov/TObYye
Today we remember America's fallen heroes who undertook the ultimate sacrifice for the greater good of our nation. We also pray for the families whose loved ones never came home from the battlefield. In Oklahoma, we have lost 130 brave sons and daughters while serving in Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom, countless more in Vietnam, Korea, and throughout the course of both World Wars. These selfless servicemembers gave up personal aspirations to protect and preserve our nation's value of freedom.   Oklahomans share a deep regard for the honor and courage that comes with military service. It can be witnessed everyday throughout our communities and in the neighborhoods that surround our military installations. As we gather in these communities today, let us pay tribute to those who gave their tomorrows to ensure our today.
As most of us take a day off from our workday routines, may we all pause to remember that the ordinary, peaceful life of our country is a gift bought by the men and women of America’s armed forces who laid down their lives in defense of the nation. We can never fully repay our debt to the more than 1 million service members who died to defend this incredible experiment in liberty that is America. But on Memorial Day, we can remember their sacrifice and commit ourselves to understanding and supporting the freedom they gave us. -rj
I celebrated #MemorialDay by honoring our fallen heroes in the Arlington Heights parade.   More on Instagram: http://instagram.com/p/oeoa3oMqOy/
Today I visited Arlington Heights to honor fallen vets & hear from our nation's heroes. #MemorialDay   #ShareYourStory: vets@kirk.senate.gov 
Share to join me in thanking our fallen heroes on this #MemorialDay.
On my very first campaign brochure in 2010 are the words, "That which we forget, our children may never know.  What our children do not know, our grandchildren may never realize.   When we become casual in our commitment to the principles of freedom and liberty, those around us may begin to wonder what we know, what we believe and what we are determined to do.  Freedom often falters in the face of forgetfulness.  Commitments that were once concrete, can quickly crack and then crumble through simple neglect and forgetfulness.   Casualness or neglect by one generation can rapidly spiral into apathy in the next. We must never forget how vital it is for us a nation to remember to remember!   I salute the memory of those who have died in service to our nation on this #MemorialDay and suggest we all would do well to spend some time today remembering the principles, freedoms and liberties they fought to defend.  By taking a few moments to properly remember and revere those who have “given the last full measure of true devotion,” we may just remember what unites us as a nation and what we must do to preserve our way of living.   A wise man once said, "We honor best those who have gone before by living our lives with excellence today."  That which we remember, our children will certainly know.  What our children know and remember, our grandchildren will thankfully realize.
Today, I joined veterans and local residents at the 56th Annual Resthaven Memorial Day Ceremony in Wichita. Since the Civil War, Americans have gathered each year to remember those courageous men and women who answered the call to serve. We gather together to remind our children and grandchildren that because of the sacrifices of our nation’s veterans, we have the opportunity to live in the strongest, freest and greatest nation in the world.   Here, I'm pictured with U.S. Army Specialist Jason Heilman and Vietnam Veteran Charles Heilman of Wichita. Above, Resthaven Director Mark Hansen and Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer.
An old photo, but fitting for today. This Boy Scout Troop in Wakefield, Kansas presented the colors before joining volunteers in placing wreaths on the graves of American veterans.
Remembering our nation's fallen heroes and thinking of the young men and women still risking their lives for the United States.
It was a beautiful day in Ketchikan for that community's Memorial Day ceremony.
There are events going on across Alaska today - big and small - to commemorate Memorial Day and honor our fallen.  Yesterday, I participated in one of the more sincere ceremonies at the Alaska Veterans Memorial at Byers Lake near Denali.
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone who has been displaced or affected by the Funny River Fire, and also to the hard-working firefighters from across Alaska, Canada and the Lower 48 who are working round-the-clock to keep people and structures safe.  Thanks to the Red Cross for always being there when help is needed and to the countless Alaskans who have stepped up to assist during this dire situation. It's times like these when it is heart-warming to see Alaskans rally together to help one another.
My Memorial Day weekend highlight was to share some time with US Airmen deployed to Poland - including a few Ohioans!
On this Memorial Day, as Americans celebrate the freedoms that come with being a citizen of this great country, we must remember the price that so many have paid to keep us safe and secure in our liberty.
If you are experiencing difficulties with the Department of Veterans Affairs, please allow me to help. A veteran myself, my staff and I are always ready to serve as a liaison between you and the federal agencies that serve you.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Casework
America is grateful for our veterans. They are the ones who give us our freedom. I was honored to recognize the fallen at Penwell-Gabel Cemetery in Topeka this Memorial Day.
This #MemorialDay we remember our veterans’ sacrifice for our country. Today, and every day.  Semper Fi. - Pat
There is no doubt that America enjoys the peace and freedom we do because of men and women who have paid a very high price through their service in our Armed Forces. While we can never fully thank them, I am committed to supporting those troops currently serving, the veterans that have served and the families that serve alongside them. #MemorialDay
Thank you to all the heroes who paid the ultimate sacrifice in the name of freedom. Remembrance.  http://ow.ly/xgCei
We can each do our part to fulfill the promises owed to the brave men and women who dedicate their lives to serving our country.  Memorial Day may be a time of remembrance, but it also calls us to be mindful of the future of America’s military tradition and strength.  We can help shape that future in the ways we support our troops and veterans today.
