A year ago today, America stood aghast at the senseless bloodshed in Newtown, Connecticut.  The intervening time can scarcely blunt the grief of those who suffered the most painful loss imaginable. I invite all Texans to take a moment today to remember those 20 first graders who were taken from their families so suddenly.  They will forever exist in the hearts of millions of Americans as smiling portraits of innocence.  We also remember the adults who laid down their lives that day, and we pray that the survivors may find some modicum of consolation in knowing that their nation has not forgotten them.
If you like your privacy you can’t keep it. A presidential advisory panel has said that the NSA should continue to collect data on every phone call in the U.S. That isn’t surprising from this Administration. Meanwhile the Senate majority leader continues his refusal to let members offer any amendments, including one of mine that would stop the NSA’s broad, sweeping collection of data on Americans’ phone calls and another targeting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  It would require the agency to obtain the written consent of consumers before collecting any of their financial data.
Enjoyed riding in the Owasso Christmas Parade again this year!
An amazing technology that fights brain tumors was almost delayed from coming to Alaska.  I'm proud my office could help to cut some of the federal red tape.  Now, Alaskans can start getting potentially life-saving Gamma Knife treatments next week.
Jane and I enjoyed volunteering with the Inter Parish Ministry again this year distributing Christmas gifts and turkey to families in need.
MUST-READ: "Big brother spying is scary"  http://www.cnn.com/2013/12/10/opinion/oppenheim-privacy-reform/index.html?iid=article_sidebar
Contrary to popular belief, even if you like your plan and doctors you will not be able to keep them under #obamacare.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpa-5JdCnmo&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Joined WIS in Columbia today, make sure to watch at 6 as we discuss the budget and health care!
Check out this great shot from today's #ArmyNavy game.
Reminder: Kick-off for the 114th annual football game between Army and Navy is at 3 PM.  With snow in the forecast for #Philly,  we have all the makings of another memorable game.  #singsecond
I will be keeping a watchful eye on this, but it seems like the EPA has decided to rollback a dangerous and costly regulation impacting fire hydrants.  Check out coverage in today's TribLIVE.com - Pittsburgh's News Source.  http://goo.gl/9cVsvg
I was honored today to deliver the Fall 2013 commencement address at Mississippi State University.
