Sen. Alexander today announced that the U.S. House of Representatives passed his Senate legislation which includes an immediate two-year ban to stop the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from restricting fishing below dams on the Cumberland River. The president has 10 days from the day he receives the legislation to act upon it, before it becomes law. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/18fUoER
Today is the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the New Hampshire presidential primary!  By asking candidates the tough questions and putting them through their paces, New Hampshire has earned its well-deserved position as the ‘First in the Nation' primary state.
Thoughts & prayers go out to all those affected by today's horrific tornado in Oklahoma.
Missourians are heading to Oklahoma to help the families impacted by the devastating tornado. Learn more about how you can help the victims, or donate immediately by texting REDCROSS to 90999.
Do you subscribe to our email newsletters? If so, this will be in your inbox today.
There is no national memorial dedicated to the valor and sacrifices made by those members of our Armed Forces who honorably fought, and in some cases made the ultimate sacrifice, in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. We need to change that. This bill will clear the way for a memorial that will show a grateful nation’s respect and appreciation for those who fought to defend freedom in the Gulf War.
Received an important update from officials with the Seattle District U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) on two Corps projects in Idaho.
VIDEO: Today, I had the opportunity to question Internal Revenue Service (IRS) officials at a Senate Finance hearing.  I expressed to the Inspector General for Tax Administration that I could not see how an agency as powerful as the IRS engage in this kind of conduct and it not be politically motivated.  If you look at the IRS, perhaps more than any other agency of government, it has the capacity to be the prosecutor, the judge, the jury and the executioner in ways that can devastate individuals, families and businesses.  It is inconceivable for the American people to believe the notion to target these individuals just coalesced and came together. http://youtu.be/fx9hhVWHRgU
It has been a great day!  Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes.
PHOTO: Great meeting with Mayor Mike Rawlings and folks from Dallas:
Nat Review: Cornyn Creates Site for Targeted Conservative Groups:
If you were being audited by IRS, do you think they would settle for the type of non-responses and evasions we got from Acting and former Commissioners of IRS this morning in Senate Finance Committee hearing?
Chron: Cornyn Asks IRS Boss to Apologize for Targeting Texas Conservatives:
Houston wins bid for 2017 Super Bowl
Cornyn to IRS: Apologize, Former Commissioner Refuses:
"Asked by Sen. Cornyn whether he owed conservative groups an apology, Shulman said, 'I'm certainly not personally responsible:'"
WS: Cornyn: 'Culture of Intimidation' at IRS Targeted Texas Conservatives:
Breitbart: Video: Cornyn Calls for Holder's Resignation:
Cornyn Requests Medal of Honor for WWII Veteran James Megellas:
New Video on IRS's targeting of Texans: "A Culture of Intimidation:"
The Hill: Senate Judiciary Rejects Cornyn Effort to Strip Napolitano's Power:
Sandy and I join the nation in mourning the devastation in Oklahoma and praying for all those in Moore.  I am deeply grateful for the work of the first responders whose quick action saved many lives.  As your community begins the difficult task of rebuilding, know that the thoughts and prayers of Texas are with you.
Ds have a funny way of showing they want my support, voting down common sense border security, biometric entry/exit visa system, etc.
CBS: on April 24, White House chief of staff Denis McDonough had been informed by White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler of the conclusions reached by a Treasury Department inspector general concerning the IRS’s conduct
Prayers for Oklahoma tornado victims and their families
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 115 Tennesseans at this morning’s constituent breakfast on Capitol Hill. The breakfast, Tennessee Tuesday, is held each week the Senate is in session. For more information, please visit: http://www.corker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tennesseetuesday.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will participate in a Senate Banking Committee hearing this morning at 10:15 a.m. ET. The hearing will feature testimony from Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, who is expected to field questions on Dodd-Frank, GSE reform and the IRS scandal. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/X2WtgF.
Troubling: the IRS official who oversaw overzealous questioning of Tea Party groups may refuse to answer Congressional questions.
Proud to offer amendments to the immigration reform legislation that would help solve many of the problems facing our broken immigration system:
Rather than dragging Apple through the mud, we ought to be asking what steps can be taken to simplify the tax code and encourage companies to keep capital at home:
How you can help those affected by yesterday's devastating tornado in Oklahoma:
Today I questioned the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration during a Senate Finance Committee hearing on possible criminal penalties for the IRS’ actions and accusations that the agency leaked taxpayer info. Click the link below to see video from the hearing.
Top IRS Official Acknowledges Mistakes in Response to Grassley Questions
IRS Oversight
They have violated the trust of the American people. Today I called for a special counsel to investigate the IRS Scandal.  Watch: http://bit.ly/10jewRp
I am deeply troubled that the IRS has been improperly targeting conservative groups. Public distrust in this agency is already at an all-time high, so providing the IRS with more power to enforce this flawed health care policy makes no sense. For these reasons, I have offered the “IRS Accountability Act” as an amendment to the Farm bill. Simply put, right now, we can’t trust the IRS to do its job.  Learn about my amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/12SSSFp
This afternoon I toured the damaged areas around Moore and Shawnee, Oklahoma with Congressman Tom Cole, Rep. James Lankford, Tom Coburn, Frank Lucas,  Congressman Jim Bridenstine and Governor Mary Fallin. Please keep Oklahoma in your thoughts and prayers.
I continue to pray for those who were displaced, are suffering, and are missing or have lost loved ones in Oklahoma. Coping with a tragedy is not easy, but we will continue to work together as a nation to ensure that Oklahomans have the support and resources that are needed to mount a quick and strong recovery. I ask that you pray for Oklahoma as we continue the search and rescue efforts and begin the healing process.   http://1.usa.gov/119wP04
There is no such thing as legitimate trade with the Government of Iran.
In Case You Missed it: U.S. Chamber of Commerce Endorses Shaheen-Kirk-Toomey Sugar Reform Efforts.
NA
Next step, cut off Iranian access to Euro reserves as discussed with United States Treasury Secretary Jack Lew.
Senate action has caused dramatic 74% drop in Iranian currency.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Oklahoma - please consider supporting Red Cross disaster relief efforts
NA
McConnell Won't Seek to Continue Burma Sanctions
Freedom To Fish Passes House. This is great news for fishing enthusiasts and business owners in Kentucky. For decades, Kentuckians and anglers from faraway have enjoyed the pleasure of fishing the tailwaters on the Cumberland River. For many in this area, it’s become a rite of passage. So you can imagine the outrage at a decision by the Obama Administration to end this proud tradition in the name of big-government-certified safety and security. Read more below:
We're all thinking today about the tragic loss of life out in Oklahoma yesterday. This morning I’d like to take just a moment to express my condolences to all who lost family and friends in this horrible disaster. It's been a truly heartbreaking loss of life, dozens injured and killed yesterday, including many children. The tornado that tore through Moore, flattened entire neighborhoods, just before students were to be released for summer recess. I don't think any of us can comprehend the searing grief of their parents.
We offer our heartfelt prayers to those affected by this terrible storm, and we offer our gratitude to the first responders. Pray for Oklahoma.
Sen. McConnell will make remarks on Senate floor at approximately 10 am ET this morning regarding Oklahoma tornado. Pray For Oklahoma
I’m accepting applications for congressional internships in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for fall 2013. Interns will gain a better understanding of the legislative process and develop professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. In addition to legislative internships, communications-focused internships are available. The application deadline is Friday, May 31, 2013.
My thoughts and prayers are with the Oklahoma communities affected by the tornado. I'm grateful to emergency responders who continue to assist victims.
I got the chance to spend time with some absolutely amazing veterans this evening.  These Wounded Warriors were on Capitol Hill for a sneak peek of NatGeo’s new documentary “American Heroes Fishing Challenge” and I thanked them for their service to our country at a reception Sen. Mary Landrieu and I hosted for them.  If you want to see the documentary, it premieres on Memorial Day on National Geographic.  More info here: http://on.natgeo.com/12ru7jj
America is enjoying a natural gas boom, but we cannot afford to drag our feet on natural gas - both for our own use and for exports.
I would like to welcome to Allison Nyholm to my DC staff.  Allison is filling a vacant and very vital position in my office: she’ll be working on appropriations, surface transportation, aviation and water project infrastructure.  She was raised in Soldotna and is a certified private pilot who knows Alaskan skies and issues well.  Having her on board is a tremendous addition to my office!
Alaska is making history today with the Nenana Tripod going out on May 20- it’s the latest breakup in 97 years of the Ice Classic. My son missed it by 2 days and 1 hour!  How close was your guess?
Former Acting IRS Director Miller admits today he responded to our inquiry re Tea Party targeting BEFORE talking to the team investigating.
71 American heroes from Ohio are visiting Washington, D.C. today with the Honor Flight Network. Thank you for your service.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those in the Midwest tonight. Please do what you can to help during this time of need.
Check out this story from ABC Toledo on my fight for Ohio families. I sat down with four great families last week to listen to their heartbreaking stories after being separated from children they had come to know as their sons and daughters.
This afternoon, I took to the Senate floor to prevent Senate Democrats from using back-door procedures to increase the debt ceiling or raise taxes.   Click Here to read more :http://1.usa.gov/119SuFm
My good friend from Kentucky and colleague, Congressman Thomas Massie, is a true voice in the fight for liberty and Constitutional government.    He is trying to hit 10,000 Facebook likes by the end of the week.   Please like his page and share this post. He is a fighter for Constitutionally limited government, and his Facebook profile is a great way to spread our message.
"People want government to be responsive and if someone uses and abuses the power of government, they want that person kicked out of office."  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tejCJ3CjnAg
"I think the federal government owes an apology to Apple. Instead of Apple, Congress should be on trial for having the crummiest tax code imaginable; for having a byzantine tax code that runs into the tens of thousands of pages; for creating a tax code that simply doesn’t compete with the rest of the world."   Click here to read my op-ed in its entirety: http://rare.us/story/rand-paul-shame-on-senate-for-harassing-apple/
Let's keep those affected by the tragic storms in Oklahoma in our thoughts and prayers.
Here are my remarks about my amendment to the 2013 Farm Bill which will save taxpayers nearly $31 billion and restore integrity to the SNAP or food stamp program. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ygKwlffsVQ
Kansans what to know who is responsible for the abuses at the IRS. According to the guy in charge at the time, it wasn't him! Read more about our exchange at the Senate Finance hearing here:
My opening remarks at this morning's Finance Committee hearing on the IRS scandal are below.  Second round of questions coming up... What would you ask the former heads of the IRS?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNeDl4CMA2U
Tomorrow be sure to tune in at 9:00 am Central, when the Senate Finance Committee will examine IRS targeting of conservative groups and efforts to hide it from congress. As a senior member of this Committee, I hope we can use this hearing to provide answers to the American people. What would you ask the IRS witnesses?
My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims in Moore, Oklahoma. I also pray for the first responders still hard at work rescuing those still trapped in the destruction. May God bless them.
Shelby grills US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on IRS targeting conservative political groups  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=9BJOAPAdV_Q
Bill Kristol says Jeff Sessions is winning the immigration debate.
Click here to read today’s coalition letter from conservative leaders nationwide and Alabama activists opposing the Senate immigration bill.
NA
May 21, 2013
Heartbreaking images from Oklahoma. Praying for all those affected in the Sooner State tonight.
Frank Mazza, my Central Pa. field representative, toured the   Yorktowne Business Institute and School of Culinary Arts today in York County. YBI offers medical, business and culinary classes.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, was on hand to attend the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new Carbon Chamber & Economic Development offices in Lehighton, Carbon County. Congratulations on the new facility.
In World War II, Civil Air Patrol volunteers used their own planes and money to fly combat and humanitarian missions. Today, we say, "Thank you."
I questioned senior IRS officials today about the agency’s scandal in targeting and giving extra scrutiny to conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status. If we don't know who made the decision to target these groups, how can we be sure this was NOT politically motivated? On the face of it, this appears completely politically motivated. I'm urging the Finance Committee to bring witnesses who can tell us who made this decision.
Preparing for Senate Finance Committee questioning of the IRS. Improper disclosure of confidential tax info is a federal, criminal offense.
