NA
The Wall Street Journal editorialized on my budget amendment to protect American families and small businesses from higher energy costs.
Top 10 reasons why Kim Jong-Un would want to bomb Austin, courtesy of Austin American Statesman
Kim Jong-Un has a beef with Austin?  Very weird.
Homeland Security can't even produce reliable stats on border security and doesn't plan to do so for the foreseeable future
2011 GAO rpt: 1,120 miles of SW border are not under "operational control" as defined by CBP. Nearly 2/3 of those miles are at the "monitored" level; the rest are "low-level monitored"; CBP admits these two levels are "not acceptable" for border security.
This would jeopardize our efforts to reform our broken immigration system.
Great to join the Nueces County Republican Party for their Lincoln Dinner on board the USS Lexington.
NA
130ppl JohnDeere Waterloo Qs: Obamacare, Medicaid, Ethanol, DHS buying 1.3B bullets, UN TreatyonDisabilities, Guns, FiscalCliff, immigration
99 ppl- Independence. Qs: ForeignAid, Health Insur,Guns, F&F, MedicarePartD, impeach PresObama, Immigr,ClmChg, Drones,Educ, KeystonePipeline
Don’t forget to tune in and watch my speech to the #nvleg, “Back to Basics.”  http://nvleg.granicus.com/MediaPlayer.php?event_id=493
Last week, in the final minutes of voting on amendments to the Senate Budget Resolution, I pushed through an amendment to prevent the United States from entering into the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty, which is currently being negotiated by the Obama Administration. Fifty-three Senators went on the record supporting my amendment, which is a referendum on the Administration's attempt to infringe upon Americans' constitutional rights.   I've also now joined my colleagues Sens. Marco Rubio, Rand Paul, Mike Lee, and Ted Cruz in an ongoing effort to protect the 2nd Amendment. You can read more about it here: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/03/29/rubio-inhofe-join-group-threatening-to-filibuster-gun-control-bill/
Way to go Golden Eagles! Good luck on Saturday!
Please share this post with your friends and family if you agree that the gun control debate is about more than magazine clips and pistol grips. It is about the purpose of the Second Amendment and why our constitutionally protected right to self-defense is an essential part of self-government.  Last week during the vote on the budget, a bipartisan group of 50 senators voted for an amendment I introduced to require a 67 vote threshold to pass legislation that would restrict 2nd Amendment rights.  This amendment was defeated, but it signaled that there is bipartisan support for protecting the 2nd Amendment.  Since that time the momentum has been building in the Senate to prevent the passage of gun control legislation in the Senate that would restrict the rights of law-abiding gun owners.  It is up to the American people to ensure that this momentum continues to build.  I will continue to work with Senators Paul, Cruz, Rubio, and Inhofe to increase the number of senators in both parties who support our effort to prevent the passage of this legislation.
Good luck to the The University of Kansas Jayhawks tonight against the University of Michigan. You're making Kansans proud.
This morning, I toured the Kansas Academy for Mathematics and Science (KAMS) at Fort Hays State University and visited with students and faculty. Each year, 40 high school juniors from across the state move in to a campus dorm where they complete their last two years of high school coursework while also taking college math and science courses. The Kansas Legislature founded KAMS in 2006 to challenge the state’s most talented students, and it has been a great success. I was incredibly impressed by these young minds, and hope more young Kansans will follow in their footsteps.
I have said all along that negotiating the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty with dictatorships was a bad idea. Last night, Iran, Syria and North Korea made clear they have no intention of abiding by any such treaty. Therefore, any ATT would only serve to constrain law-abiding democracies like the United States. The most recent collapse of ATT negotiations should serve as a wake-up call to the world’s democracies of the inherent flaws in the U.N. treaty process that puts us on level ground with dictatorships who abuse human rights and arms terrorists.  Next week, I anticipate ATT supporters will seek new avenues for treaty adoption, such a vote in the U.N. General Assembly. Given the apparent support of the Obama Administration for the ATT, members of the U.S. Senate must continue to make clear that any treaty that violates our Second Amendment freedoms will be an absolute nonstarter for ratification. That is why I have introduced S. Con. Res. 7 – the bipartisan resolution with 33 cosponsors which makes clear a U.N. ATT that undermines Constitutional freedoms of American gun owners will not be ratified by the Senate.
I'm visiting the AWAIC shelter today in Anchorage, learning how they are coping with state and federal funding shortfalls, while meeting the increasing needs of women and children escaping dangerous situations.  Shelters like this across Alaska and our nation are vital, but we all need to be doing more to prevent violence before it happens.
I want to tell Alaskans that I've heard the reports of Don Young's interview.  Regardless of the time or the context, that term is inappropriate and offensive.
We are the rape capital of the nation and we should be ashamed.  We must do more to protect our women, our children, our families.  We can no longer be reactionary- we must be proactive and as a community.  We have to say no.  Marching one day is one thing, but we must march on tomorrow and the day after- we must march together every day to end rape, sexual assault and domestic violence in Alaska.
On live with Alaska Political Insider on Your Alaska Link right now- tune in!
OSU’s 4th straight year in the Sweet 16 - looking for another win against University of Arizona Wildcats. Go Bucks!
Last night, I appeared on Fox's Hannity Show to defend the 2nd Amendment.  Click below to watch my interview.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ybelb5-WS6Q
Let's go Jayhawks! Need a big win tonight, let's get two Kansas teams to the Elite 8 #marchmadness #Sweet16
Big time win for Wichita State Men's Basketball in Los Angeles! Elite 8 is up next. Let's keep it up!   http://www.kansas.com/sports/shockers/
Good luck to the Shockers!  Let's cheer these boys onto an Elite Eight appearance!
Sessions will be doing an interview on the Lars Larson Show at approximately 2:30 PM CST. You can listen live here:
Today, Sen. Sessions issued a statement which read in part: "Every American worker, union and non-union, is right to be concerned about a large guest worker program combined with a large amnesty of illegal workers. There is no doubt that such a plan will reduce Americans’ wages and job prospects. Ultimately, Congress must recognize that has to be focused on meeting the needs of unemployed and underemployed American workers."
NA
Sen. Sessions will appear on the Mike Huckabee radio show today at approximately 11:30 a.m. CT to discuss his efforts to prevent comprehensive immigration reform from being rushed through the Senate before the public has a chance to examine the bill or understand its far-reaching implications.
Heading to Kershaw County to see folks in Camden today. Hope you have a safe and happy Easter weekend.
Today is Vietnam Veterans Day. As we remember those who served in one of our nation's longest, most challenging wars, I invite you to express your thanks to them.
ICYMI: It was an honor for me and Sen. Bob Casey, Jr. to introduce a bill to rename Philadelphia's VA after Cardinal Dougherty High School grad Michael J. Crescenz. Michael earned the Medal of Honor for bravery in the Vietnam War.
Just about a half hour til La Salle takes on Wichita State. Good luck Explorers!
