Our nation’s service academies play an important role in preparing young men and women with the skills they need to protect our nation – strengthening character, sharpening the mind, refining leadership skills, and offering unmatched opportunities. I am accepting applications from young Missourians competing for nominations to our country’s U.S. Military Service Academies. 
Millions of Americans are facing canceled coverage, higher costs, and fewer choices – all thanks to the president’s flawed health care law. I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday to share stories from Missourians who have been negatively impacted by #ObamaCare.
NA
NA
Cornyn Statement Following the President’s Remarks on Iraq
"But the fact that this gigantic price tag was delivered around 4 p.m. yesterday, when the Senate voted around 4:30, is reason enough to slow down and reconsider just what they’re about to pass. Only three senators agreed, unfortunately, all Republicans: Bob Corker of Tennessee, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, and Jeff Sessions of Alabama.  They deserve great credit for questioning the wisdom of passing what could become a gigantic new entitlement — that wasn’t paid for in any way, because it was passed as an 'emergency' budgetary measure. The VA scandals demand an immediate response, of course, but the Senate bill isn’t necessary to execute it: President Obama has already ordered that the VA expand the coverage it offers outside the system for vets waiting for care. No program like this should be passed as an emergency measure. Fixing the VA’s problems, such as they are, may require lots and lots of money — and maybe the Senate wasn’t voting to spend quite as much money as the CBO just said. But any congressman with any respect whatsoever for the concept of fiscal responsibility — not deficit hawks, just anyone concerned with how much we spend and on what — should want Congress to take time to study this issue (as, indeed, the House is planning to)." Read more: http://bit.ly/1xUg0V9.
Wonder what the IRS would say if we told them we couldn’t submit tax documents because of a computer crash...
Meriam Ibrahim, a young wife and mother, is facing horrific persecution simply for being a Christian. Her husband is an American from New Hampshire, and her 20-month-old son Martin and newborn daughter Maya--both American citizens--are with their mother in a wretched Sudanese prison. Just days ago, Meriam gave birth to baby Maya, while in leg irons. Because of her faith, the government of Sudan has sentenced her to 100 lashes and then to hang by the neck until dead.  This is wrong, it is grotesque, and it must be stopped. Every member of Congress should come together to support this bill and implore President Obama to act now, to defend religious liberty, and to save Meriam and bring her and her babies home to America.
A humanitarian crisis on the border, a need for American leadership in the world, demanding answers on the release of terrorists and more in our latest newsletter.   Read and SHARE:
This is an instance where the President can make a real difference. He should stand up and lead and tell the government of Sudan, "Release Meriam Ibrahim now!"
NA
“Our ranching families have worked their land as good stewards for generations, and their knowledge and input are vital to developing an appropriate management plan for our grasslands. I am urging Chief Tidwell to hold further meetings to respond to our ranchers’ objections, to find remedies to these disputes and to avoid a one-size-fits-all-approach when developing the grassland management plan.”
Our education system has grown to operate as if Washington knows best, but this approach has failed our nation’s children and silenced the most important voices in the room: parents, teachers, and local leaders. Children’s education needs are unique to each community and state, which is why on Tuesday I introduced the Local School Board Governance and Flexibility Act to return control of our education decisions back to the hands of local communities. My bill will give state and local school boards the necessary flexibility to achieve their education goals by reining in federal regulations, and give local communities a voice as to how those regulations are impacting their education pursuits. With more than 660,000 children enrolled in public schools across Oklahoma, it is pivotal we ensure that state and local school boards continue to have the voice and authority to carry out the education goals that best suit their children's needs and future. For more details on my legislation, please visit my website: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-bill-to-reign-in-department-of-education-restore-voice-of-state-and-local-school-boards
Take a look at Senator Johnson’s newsletter to see what he has been up to this week.
Senator Johnson appeared this morning on CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss the situation in Iraq.
Here's the pricetag on the VA bill: $35 billion more in 2.5 years for a failed bureaucracy. Veterans deserve better. http://t.co/OtyKwt9sGh
Sen. Johnson will be on @CNBC @SquawkCNBC this morning at 7:00 am CT - be sure to tune in.
"3 Republican senators ... voted against it, arguing that ... it’s fiscally irresponsible. They were right." http://t.co/YrQ2pmAMb7
National Review on VA: "Congress needs to fix a broken system, not reward it." http://t.co/YrQ2pmAMb7
I am calling on acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson to declare a state of emergency that would allow veterans to seek immediate private care, rather than suffer extended wait times for care at a VA facility. It is truly disgusting that our nation's heroes, like Retired U.S. Army Private Michael Swan, were forced to wait for life-saving care while very senior executives collected bonuses for falsified wait times.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1kTBFrq
The USA Freedom Act is a good step in the right direction to reverse some of the erosion of privacy rights that have experienced.
Fort Riley has spent the week celebrating 97 years of the “Big Red One” and the 239th birthday of the Army. It is also a time to honor the sacrifices made by the men and women have fallen while serving with the division.
This week I attended Leavenworth's Lions Club to discuss the bipartisan passage of legislation designed to address concerns at the Department of Veterans Affairs. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a sponsor of the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014, I was pleased the Senate rose to the occasion and came together on this critical legislation. Thanks to the Leavenworth Lions Club for the warm welcome.
Thousands of soldiers from around the country are in Kansas City to participate in the largest warfighter exercise in Army history.
I visited with administrators, physicians, and staff at Olathe Medical Center, Olathe, Kansas (OMC) this week to learn more about how they utilize resources to care for their communities. OMC is the centerpiece of the Olathe Health System, which includes Miami County Medical Center, 35 family care and specialty clinics of Olathe Medical Services, and more than 300 physicians and 2,500 employees. Our discussion covered a variety of topics including the ever increasing federal regulatory burdens hospitals face as they work to provide quality health care services to their patients. Thanks to OMC Senior Vice President of Operations John Staton for hosting my visit, and to Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland for joining me on the tour.
This morning I joined Rep. Lynn Jenkins at the Topeka Colmery-O'Neil VA Medical Center to visit with patients and learn more about their experiences. The Wichita Eagle story linked below summarizes the visit. I will continue to work to address the challenges and problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs so our nation’s heroes have a VA worthy of their service.
FYI, Alaska: Tomorrow is National Get Outdoors Day, and the U.S. Forest Service is waiving fees for the occasion!  Get out there and enjoy!
Welcome to our new Coast Guard District 17 Commander Rear Admiral Daniel Abel! He has big shoes to fill after the fantastic service of Rear Admiral Thomas Ostebo – a friend to me and all Alaska. Yesterday in Juneau they held the change of command ceremony.
Congress must demand answers on the Taliban prison swap. Check out my Fox News opinion piece. 
NA
#HappyFriday Pennsylvania! Here's your weekly update. Please share & thank you for reading! http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletters&id=1374
These kids are incredible. So proud to have nominated them to our nation's service academies. We wish you the best! Congratulations - and thank you!
The United States has always been a refuge for those facing religious persecution. The appalling treatment of Meriam and her children because of her Christian faith should not be tolerated by any nation. It is my hope that Meriam and her children will be reunited with her husband to live safely in the United States under the freedoms and protections we hold dear.
