LIKE or SHARE if you think Pres. Obama should work with Congress on an Obamacare repeal instead of rewriting the law yet again by himself.   Yesterday Sen. Alexander released the following statement on the Obama administration’s announcement that businesses with fewer than 100 workers would not be required to provide health insurance to their employees in 2015 (or face a fine) and that businesses with more than 100 employees would have more time to comply with Obamacare’s employer mandate:  “President Obama by himself is rewriting Obamacare one more time instead of working with Congress to repeal the mandate. It’s time to start over and go step by step with reforms that reduce the cost of health care so more Americans can afford to buy insurance.” http://1.usa.gov/1eOLm6T 
We'll be on Jonesboro's KASU radio in about 15 minutes. You can listen live to our conversation here: http://kasu.org/
Today, I joined my colleagues to introduce a bill to protect First Amendment rights of 501(c)(4) nonprofit organizations. Our bill, The Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by The IRS Act of 2014, is in response to the targeting of conservative groups by the IRS last year. Discrimination against these groups by government officials is not only a violation of our Constitution, but also contrary to the foundation on which our nation was built. Instead of acting as a regulator of speech, the IRS should return to being a non-political tax agency.   http://www.coats.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/coats-backs-bill-to-stop-irs-targeting-and-protect-freedom-of-speech-
This past weekend, I had some great meetings in Lewiston and Moscow where I talked with the new Mayor and Latah County Commissioners and visited Northwest River Supplies.  Appreciate all the work they are doing in our Idaho communities.
Yesterday, the administration announced its decision to again delay the employer mandate provision contained in Obamacare.  The administration previously delayed the provision that fines employers who do not provide health insurance for full time equivalent employees until 2015.  Now, under new rules for medium-size employers, certain businesses will avoid penalty until 2016.  This most recent delay, like so many before, only creates more chaos for the American people, business owners and the economy.  After seeing millions of individuals lose coverage late last year due to Obamacare mandates, it is clear the administration is fearful the same will happen to employer-based insurance immediately before Election Day.  With every delay, the White House proves to the American people that this law is not fixing our broken health care system; it is making it worse.  If the White House wants to continue these unilateral delays then it should delay the entire law—most importantly, the individual mandate. 
Senator Cornyn on Fox: With Every Obamacare Delay, President Violating Oath He Took To Uphold Laws:
Continuing the fight to ensure members of our military always have the right to vote:
Good luck to Houston, TX native @jagarcia23 who will be competing in the 1000m speed skating competition. #TeamUSA
Cornyn: Does Anyone Really Think The IRS Needs More To Do? [video] 
If you ask anybody outside of Washington whether we should keep increasing the debt ceiling without fixing the underlying problem of out-of-control spending, the answer is ‘of course not.’ This answer cuts across party lines and ideology—outside the Beltway, Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and Libertarians all agree that living within your means is basic common sense. And yet Washington is not listening to the American people.  Under President Obama, our national debt has increased from $10 trillion to $17 trillion, and now the President is asking for yet another blank check to keep increasing our debt without doing anything to reform Washington’s spending problem. This is wrong, and it’s irresponsible. Our parents didn’t do this to us, and we shouldn’t do it to our kids and grandkids.  Historically, the debt ceiling has proven the most effective leverage for reining in spending; 28 times, Congress has attached meaningful conditions to debt ceiling increases. We should do so again to address the real problem. I intend to object to any effort to raise the debt ceiling on a 50-vote threshold. I will insist instead on a 60-vote threshold, and if Republicans stand together we can demand meaningful spending restraint to help pull our nation back from the fiscal and economic cliff.
We have the potential to create millions of high-paying jobs, jobs which are the top priority for Americans ... if only the federal government doesn't stand in the way. 
Powerful video -- celebrities making the case that EVERY child deserves an opportunity for an excellent education. Enough excuses. We need #SchoolChoice now: http://bit.ly/MIAFrF
We have an incredible opportunity with energy to produce millions of new jobs. Let's not allow government to get in the way.
For someone who likes to tout the Affordable Care Act as his signature domestic achievement, President Obama seems to only want it to apply when he feels like it. The recent announcement of another exemption is an acknowledgement of the inherent flaws in the health care law and another reason why we should repeal and replace it with more market-oriented, step-by-step reforms that provide coverage, reward quality, and improve access to health care. 
New market opportunities and more investment and job creation through U.S. manufacturing can benefit every state in the nation. Senator Pryor and I introduced a bill recently that will help put a spotlight on the importance of rare earth metals and the role Wyoming can play in helping reduce America’s dependence on other countries to meet our technological needs. There’s no better way to build something in America than to have all of it, including the necessary minerals, developed right here at home.
Sweetwater County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office on Thursday, February 13. She will be in Rock Springs at the Young At Heart Senior and Community Center from 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
“The Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act will prevent this rule or any other that seeks to continue the targeting of groups based on their ideology. It’s time to end the intimidation and harassment. Let’s preserve the First Amendment rights of all groups, regardless of their ideology, especially those that commit themselves to improving our society. And let’s restore the public’s faith in the ability of the IRS to fairly administer our nation’s tax laws.”
Rather than getting to the bottom of the IRS scandal, the administration is now pushing regulations that could curtail First Amendment rights. I've cosponsored a bill, The Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014, to stop this regulation from going forward. The IRS needs to be held accountable for its out-of-control actions, and I will continue to work to protect the constitutional rights of all Americans.
The first Nebraska Breakfast of the year kicks off tomorrow! Looking forward to being a part of the tradition another year and visiting with Nebraskans in Washington. Check here for this year’s Nebraska Breakfast dates and contact any delegation member’s office to attend.
Will be joining Senator Sherrod Brown on Crossfire tonight. Don’t forget to tune in to CNN at 6:30pm ET. #Crossfire
Yet another delay in #Obamacare. It’s clear that this law is bad for businesses at a time we need them to hire. http://on.wsj.com/1jr44oz
BNSF has committed to large investments in resources and people to meet North Dakota’s growing needs. The challenge is to meet these needs as soon as possible, and they have committed to add 125 locomotives and more people right away, as well as providing weekly updates on the web as to their service progress. We also called on BNSF to make sure Amtrak customers have a reliable schedule and reasonable service. We will continue to work with BNSF and its North Dakota customers until the situation improves.
If businesses get a break from #Obamacare, shouldn't you? Share if you agree that Congress should delay the individual mandate.
#IL speedskater Brian Hansen is competing in the 1000M event tomorrow. Share to wish him good luck.  Follow all the athletes: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
Good luck to Kendall Coyne & Team USA Women's Hockey against undefeated Canada tomorrow.  Follow the #IL athletes here: http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
Today, I joined with 35 of my Republican colleagues to ensure that the IRS and the Administration never again improperly target groups for their political beliefs. The Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014 would prevent further targeting and would revert back to the IRS standards of 2010, pre-scandal.
Good luck to #IL athlete Ann Swisshelm & Team USA curling against Russia tomorrow.  More: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
"It was last July that I got a text message from my office that the president wanted to call me. My first thought was, The 'President of what?'  "This was right in the middle of the fight about defunding the Affordable Care Act.  "I had just published a book explaining how Chief Justice Roberts had botched the individual mandate case.  "They didn’t say what he wanted – just that I should stay near a phone. It was a little like being back in school and told to see the principal… except the principal had the nuclear launch codes.  "Add to that, neither the president nor myself are what you’d call glad-handing, back-slapping politicians like a Bill Clinton or Ronald Reagan.  "In short… this was shaping up to be one of the all-time awkward conversations in the history of the telephone..."  Read the rest of my remarks on criminal justice reform here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/speeches?ID=4708f70b-e254-4009-9092-2ff03c58045e
President Obama has once again asked Congress to abdicate responsibility and raise the debt limit without a serious plan to reduce our national debt. Enough is enough. I will not vote to increase the debt limit. I cannot support continuing the pattern of fiscal irresponsibility that has become the norm in Washington.  When Kansas families and businesses reach their credit limit, they don’t get an automatic increase to keep on spending. They cut back and adjust their budget. Each time Congress raises the debt ceiling without substantial reductions in spending, it is a dangerous threat to job creation, economic growth and our children’s ability to pursue the American Dream. The time to correct our failures is now. The consequences of failing to tackle our debt crisis will be far greater than failing to raise the debt ceiling.
I encourage you to read my weekly e-newsletter, #KansasCommonSense via the link below. This week, it includes updates on the 2014 Farm Bill, last week's CBO report on Obamacare, my Brietbart op-ed on the U.N. ATT, and visits back in Kansas.
Best wishes to Kansas cattle rancher Katie Uhlaender as she competes in the Sochi 2014 Winter Games. Katie is on the USA Bobsled & Skeleton Team and will compete Thursday and Friday. I encourage you to learn more about her story and love for farming and ranching via the link below.
Congratulations to Katherine Dolma of Homer and Palmer's Leah Smith -- named today as Alaska's top two youth volunteers of 2014 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards.  Way to go and I hope to thank you for your generosity when you make it to Washington, DC in May!
According to reports, the Pentagon is envisioning a major project up in Alaska - a homeland defense radar given our tactical geographic position and the nation's new Asia/Pacific focus.
I just voted for the Senate to consider a bill that aims to restore the COLA increases for early military retirees. I have left no doubt that I am committed to restoring the full pension benefits to early military retirees, set to see a 1% cost-of-living cut starting in January of 2016.  I have backed a number of sensible pieces of legislation that will deliver on our promise to veterans without digging the nation deeper into debt, and I hope the Senate Majority allows a responsible debate on this issue this week.
Talked about the deficit, need for pro-growth policies, and impact of Obamacare at today's Budget hearing. Watch here: 
NA
I introduced a bill today to prevent the IRS from targeting groups for their political beliefs. 37 Senators have joined me and cosponsored the bill to protect free speech.   For more on the bill: http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=87f61381-e91a-4072-8f1b-e64c02237479 
Best state in America for college basketball! KSU, KU and the undefeated Wheat Shockers. No wonder Missouri left for the SEC.
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Proposals For Higher Education Reform On CNBC: http://1.usa.gov/1csNoFg  CNBC’s Joe Kernen: “For Republicans to win back the hearts and minds of voters, we need to fix this, because opportunity is not equal. It depends on where you’re born and what kind of family you’re born into. And until we fix it, the other side is going to make headway by trying to guarantee outcome. So you’ve got some answers here. And I applaud you for it.”
Talking with Sean Hannity about the importance of opportunity and my #OpportunityAgenda, make sure to tune in tonight! 10p est.
Thank you to Mark Hudson for this week's cover photo--Horse Creek in Aiken.  This is our South Carolina.
Stay safe as we get more winter weather, and don't forget to share your photos of our state with photo@scott.senate.gov for them to be featured as my Facebook cover photo!
On a cold and snowy day in South Carolina - a heartwarming video from the The Island Packet. Welcome home solider; enjoy your family and know you have our eternal thanks for your service.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahu77sJxZLY&feature=youtu.be 
Great meeting with Philly's Mayor Michael Nutter in Washington today!
Work is a source of dignity. It’s how people get ahead. I am shocked our government is discouraging it with #Obamacare.
Thanks to State Senator Anthony Hardy Williams for working with me to protect kids from sexual predators. End #passthetrash practices!
The President has delayed the #Obamacare mandate for businesses (again). Why won’t he do it for families? 
Every Tuesday morning when the Senate is in session, constituents are invited to join me for Mississippi Morning coffee. Here are some pictures from earlier today.  For more information, see my website: http://1.usa.gov/1gmRumr
