Senator Ayotte was in Londonderry this afternoon to meet with local and state officials about transportation infrastructure needs and legislation she has introduced that would boost transportation infrastructure initiatives like the Pettengill Road project.
Great talking with government & politics students at Londonderry High School today!
Enjoyed meeting with representatives at Dell in Nashua this morning to talk about business operations as well as tour the facility's design center and lab. Dell Nashua employs over 600 workers.
Missouri families, workers, and farmers depend on reliable infrastructure each and every day. This week, I’m traveling the state and meeting with business leaders and officials to talk about the “Partnership to Build America Act” – a bipartisan bill I helped introduce to boost infrastructure and jump-start job creation. 
Obamacare defines full-time as working 30 hours a week. Does this sound like full-time employment to you? I support Forty Hours is Full Time Act. This Senate legislation would change the Obamacare definition of full-time to 40 hours per week.
Thanks to all who helped make today's Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran Job Fair a success
I have repeatedly called for sanctions against Russia in response to continued illegal Russian aggression in Ukraine. One specific immediate action the U.S. and international community can take is to halt all defense contracts with Russia. I joined 10 of my Republican and Democrat colleagues to urge Secretary of State John Kerry to ask our allies to do this.     http://www.coats.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/coats-members-ask-kerry-to-urge-for-end-of-russian-defense-contracts- 
Senator Collins speaking at this evening's Leadership Banquet with University of Maine Farmington student Senate and Senate President Darrian Church.
Cornyn Demands Answers on DOJ’s Proposed Firearm Tracking Technology:
Tragic story from Pakistan, where Christians face death for sending a text message:
What’s worse than a guy with a bad haircut?   A guy with a bad haircut who can’t take a joke.
DOJ called Lois Lerner about targeting tax-exempt groups. DOJ’s credibility to investigate #IRS scandal is gone. We need an independent special prosecutor!
Catherine Engelbrecht is absolutely right. The #IRS targeting scandal is real, and Republican or Democrat, the silencing of political speech should trouble everyone! #AbolishTheIRS
My Tucson staff is holding office hours tomorrow - Thursday, April 17 - in Green Valley and Sahuarita. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  GREEN VALLEY, AZ  11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Green Valley Council Offices  555 N La Canada Dr #117  Green Valley, AZ 85614  SAHUARITA, AZ 1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. Sahuarita Town Hall Media Room 375 West Sahuarita Center Way Sahuarita, AZ 85629  For more information contact Melissa Martin in my Tucson office at (520) 575-8633
On Tuesday, Graham gave Clifton the surprise of a lifetime. He returned the veteran all seven of the medals that went missing.  "Mr. Clifton as a young man did what was required of him to defend this nation and these medals represent his sacrifice," said Graham.
Q&A w 85 PanoramaHS students-Panora Topics-Obamacare, partisanship, CollegeAid, MinWage, ExecOrders, FBI, approps, advice to 1st time voters
Audubon Town Hall Topics-email privacy, road funding, Benghazi, F&F, IRS, pipeline, biofuels tax credit, RFS, Rights of Parents
Here's the Scoop!
Read more about my Farm and Small Business Expensing Tax Relief Act that helps ease the burden of new IRS expensing regulations for farms and small businesses.   http://www.wdaz.com/event/article/id/23934/
Along with Sens. John McCain and John Barrasso, yesterday I observed a joint exercise with U.S., Latvian, and Estonian soldiers.
This week I'll be flying around Oklahoma and hope to see many of my constituents while I make stops around the state. Here is a video from yesterday in Okmulgee by Okmulgee News Network: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__OKXacPJGM  http://www.okmulgeenews.net/local-news/item/1369-u-s-senator-james-inhofe-visits-okmulgee-tuesday
I encourage you to tune in or listen live to KNSS Radio in the 7 a.m. CT hour. I'll be visiting with Steve and Ted about my visits in Kansas this week during the state work period.  
This morning, I stopped in Council Grove to visit and tour Morris County Hospital (MCH) — a not-for-profit, 25-bed Critical Access Hospital. Here, I'm pictured with Physical Therapist Dawn Palmquist, and Mel and Elizabeth Koegeboehn of Council Grove.  During the visit, CEO Jim Reagan and I discussed several federal regulations governing hospital operations and the challenges they pose for providing care to patients in a rural setting. One example is the current inflexible physician supervision rules relating to the provision of outpatient therapeutic services. These unreasonable supervision rules do not account for the reality of physician availability in a rural environment and jeopardize patients’ access to important therapy services in rural communities in Kansas and across the country. The Senate has passed legislation I introduced, S. 1954, to prevent the federal government from enforcing these burdensome regulations for Critical Access Hospitals and other small, rural hospitals in 2014. I continue to urge the House of Representatives to take up this bill.   Thanks to CEO Jim Reagan for the informative tour and for highlighting the excellent patient care provided by MCH physicians, nurses and staff. Thanks also to Kansas Hospital Association President Tom Bell for joining me at the visit.
Kansas City teens have planned a vigil & candlelit walk from the Kansas City Jewish Community Center to Village Shalom this Friday evening to honor & remember Reat Underwood, William Corporon and Terri LaManno. The entire community is welcome to attend.
Go USA and Go Holly Brooks!  I wanted to share a sneak preview of my Alaska Report with Alaskan Olympian Holly Brooks – here’s a clip where she is telling me about ‘the team behind the team.’ 
The Pentagon budget for 2015 is making a lot of costly changes impacting military families and retirees, including TRICARE out-of-pockets costs going up. I questioned the USAF’s Surgeon General about the reasoning behind them nickel and diming our military community.
Today I teamed up with the Drug Free Action Alliance in Columbus to host a roundtable discussion on heroin prevention and treatment in our communities.
In case you missed it, I penned an op-ed for the Washington Post: 'Foreign policy is no place for ‘red lines’  READ: http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/rand-paul-foreign-policy-is-no-place-for-red-lines/2014/04/15/bd7c8c64-c4b2-11e3-bcec-b71ee10e9bc3_story.html
Thanks to the Wichita County producers who gathered at ESE Alcohol in Leoti to discuss their concerns. Over-reaching federal government is the major issue everywhere we go. We MUST bring the bureaucracy under control and insist on reasonable attitudes toward all segments of our economy. We have a long way to go, but with close constituent support we CAN get there.
Gooch's Food Store has been a successful family business and a fixture of Tribune's Main Street for 65 years, all the time in Dwight Gooch's family. Another strong Kansas family making a valuable contribution.
I had a wonderful lunch at the Black Bison Pub in Syracuse. Matt Gould's entrepreneurial spirit, hospitality and creativity are impressive. This is a must stop for all Kansans.
Had a really fun time sharing ideas with the student body at Lakin High School, home of the mighty Broncs. They fully understand the dangers of over-regulation and over-taxation to their futures.
Enjoyed visiting at a Jetmore High School Assembly today. Thanks to Farm Bureau and community leaders who also attended.
NA
Really enjoyed seeing Rachel and all the kids at Hidden Treasure Christian School in Taylors today!
NA
The skilled workers at Armstrong World Industries in Lancaster are contributing to a PA manufacturing renaissance. This company's bringing production operations back from China.
Best wishes to the students, staff, and families of Franklin Regional High School as they return to school today. http://ow.ly/vReaa 
