Idaho food producers received welcome news that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will revise key provisions of its fresh produce rules after it deemed the new water quality and manure standards unworkable.  I have repeatedly pressed the FDA for revisions since the draft rules were released pursuant to the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011. The announcement from the FDA is not only a victory for Idaho’s farmers and ranchers, but more importantly a victory for consumers across the state and country. I call on the administration to take a vastly different approach in addressing the needs of both small and mid-sized farms and ranches.
Jeff Milligan, director of the VA N. Txs responds to the Christmas card story:        I want to take a moment to explain what transpired so that each of you will have accurate information for yourself or if asked by others.   A local school teacher called the Dallas VA operator and told the operator that her elementary school class had made Christmas cards, and they wanted to give these cards to Veterans at the Dallas VA.  The operator transferred the teacher to an employee in the Service responsible for accepting gifts/donations.  The teacher explained to the employee that her class had made Christmas cards and wanted to give the cards to Veterans in the hospital.  The employee mistakenly told the teacher that we could not accept the cards if the cards had religious words/themes in them.  This was incorrect; we could/can accept such items.   The teacher told her students about the denial.  The students told their parents, and some of the parents called the news media and this turned into a widely viewed news story.   When my office learned of what happened, I immediately had our Public Affairs Officer (PAO) call the teacher and apologize for the incorrect communication.  The PAO told the teacher that we would gladly accept the cards and provide those cards to Veterans.  The PAO also explained what our policy has been and is.  Our Chaplain Service identifies, out of respect for religious diversity, those Veterans who would want to receive the Holiday cards with religious messages, the cards are then distributed to those identified Veterans.    Public Affairs staff, on Christmas Eve, also communicated with other local news organizations to make them aware of the incorrect information initially given to the teacher and our efforts to correct the miscommunication.   As a Patient Centered organization, it is our goal to respect the religious privacy of all our Veterans and adhere to their wishes.    I apologize for the confusion this situation has caused, and I want each of you to know exactly what happened.   Thank you for your service to our Veterans and Best Wishes for the New Year.     Jeff Milligan
Pathetic: VA hospital refuses to accept 'Merry Christmas' cards
McClatchy: “This could be the next shoe to drop, as people don’t realize that if they’re buying a bronze plan, they may have to pay $5,000 out of pocket before it contributes a penny… .”
Congratulations to Petty Officer Sara Dozier for being named Shore Sailor of the Year! http://bit.ly/1h2dCVN #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Year in Review – Aug. 19: Fighting Dangerous Drug Gangs.  Share your own stories using #My2013. 
 
 View more: http://bit.ly/my-2013
It was good to visit with folks in Waterville, Kansas, this morning on another Kansas Listening Tour Stop. We discussed issues facing Kansas and our nation including the importance of finishing a Farm Bill, health care and keeping rural communities alive and well.  Thanks to Pam White, LueAnn Roepke and Sandy Harding of the The Weaver Hotel for hosting us.
In 2013, my casework team worked on over 2,300 new cases for Ohioans in need of aid. Here's some of what we've done:
Had a great time visiting all 46 counties in South Carolina this year. The map in our lobby has a picture from each one.
