We've had a busy day in Russellville today. I'm at the Russellville Chamber of Commerce meeting with local small business owners to see how federal policies, like Obamacare, are affecting their ability to grow.
Are you surprised by this? I'm not.
Since 1943, the President of the United States has proclaimed March as “Red Cross Month.” It is still as necessary today. Being prepared and helping our neighbors in a time of crisis are everlasting needs. I encourage you to take the time now to be prepared should disaster strike your community. Learn more in this blog post.
Congrats to another National Champion from Indiana - the undefeated Saint Francis Cougars women’s basketball team 
Good discussion this morning with Northwest Indiana Forum members in Portage.
NA
Congrats to Indiana Wesleyan on winning the NAIA DII National Championship and coach Greg Tonagel on NAIA Coach of the Year 
NA
Honored to receive this gift from the Nez Perce Tribe Leadership today in Lapwai.  Council Members presented me with the new official Tribal blanket design for this year.
Yesterday, I signed a pledge for firearm safety at an event in Meridian with Project ChildSafe. #idpol
NA
If we count on Washington, we’ll never turn this country around. But what makes me optimistic is that people all across the country are standing up, speaking out, and saying we have to get back to freedom -- back to the Constitution. #MakeDCListen
Great discussion with small business owners in and around Tyler this afternoon on the impact Obamacare is having on their ability to hire and expand. #FullRepeal
Glad to see our UN delegation has awakened to reality in Iran and is speaking out on Saeed Abedini. #SaveSaeed 
With a few strokes of his pen, Vladimir Putin has in recent days both created the Republic of Crimea and annexed that new entity into the Russian Federation, thereby violating the territorial integrity of Ukraine.  To hear Putin tell it in his address to the Duma, this action is not only perfectly legal, it also rights a historical wrong in which Russia was “robbed” of its rightful claim to the Crimean peninsula in 1954.  President Obama has disputed the legality of these actions, observing that “President Putin seems to have a different set of lawyers making a different set of interpretations, but I don’t think that’s fooling anyone.” The reality, however, is that Putin is not concerned with international law or historical justice.  His sole focus is on correcting what he considers to be the “greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century” by reassembling the Soviet Union.   Ukraine is only a step in this process.  That is the real challenge the United States has to face, which we cannot do when we are agonizing over what our respective legal teams think.  There is an historical model we can consult for guidance in this crisis, as deterring Soviet aggression without engaging in military conflict was exactly what President Ronald Reagan had in mind when he proposed the Strategic Defense Initiative thirty-one years ago next Sunday.  The genius of SDI was that it did not recklessly attack the Soviets but rather neutralized their threat through our technological advantage.  Derided as a “Star Wars” style fantasy that was impossible to realize, President Reagan’s vision was a major component in the effort that brought down the Soviet Union without firing a shot, as no one ever started a war with a weapon called missile defense.  The Obama administration has unfortunately shown little enthusiasm for missile defense, beginning with the decision to cancel plans for a ballistic missile defense system in Central Europe, announced on the 70th anniversary of the Soviet invasion of Poland on September 17, 2009.  This pattern continued with the arbitrary and unnecessary concessions made to the Russians limiting our global deployment of missile defense in the New START that was implemented in 2011 and remains in force until 2021.  Most recently, on March 14th the Government Accountability Office released a report titled “Regional Missile Defense: DOD’s Report Provided Limited Information; Assessment of Acquisition Risks is Optimistic.” It provides the depressing assessment that what missile defense programs we still have planned in Europe are going to be delayed to the tune of years because of technological glitches and cost overruns—a failure that would not have been tolerated if missile defense was a priority for the Commander in Chief.  This report could not have come at a more inopportune time, but perhaps it can serve as a wake-up call that President Obama’s policies on both Russia and missile defense have collapsed and should be immediately reversed through the following actions:  1) The President should begin the process of withdrawing from New START according to the provision of Article XIV(3) of the Treaty, which declares “Each party shall, in exercising its national sovereignty, have the right to withdraw from this Treaty if it decides that extraordinary events related to the subject matter of this Treaty have jeopardized its supreme interests;”  2) The Secretary of Defense should engage in a full re-assessment of our missile defense posture in Europe with the purpose of restoring or expanding the installations cancelled in 2009; and  3) The Secretary of Defense should, in conjunction with this work, engage in a thorough review of the delays and costs over-runs of the existing missile defense programs for Europe with the goal of accelerating their scheduled implementation.  These simple steps would send a clear and unequivocal signal to Vladimir Putin that the United States is unafraid to stand with our allies for our own national security interests.  Today his sights are set on Ukraine, but if he continues undeterred tomorrow it could be Estonia, Latvia, Moldova, Romania, the Czech Republic, or Poland.  Meeting his challenge now with strength, not appeasement, would be the best way to ensure that this does not happen, and that we do not squander our hard-won Cold War victory over the Soviets.
Pass Obamacare they said. It'll save you money they said. #FullRepeal
Higher health care premiums on the way thanks to the "Affordable Care Act." #FullRepeal
Geraldo Rivera is right: the Cuban infiltration of Venezuela resembles the Russian invasion of Ukraine. #SOSVenezuela
Andy Johnson of Uinta County built a stock pond on his own property and the EPA is threatening to fine him $75,000 a day if he doesn’t remove it. The EPA interpretation of the Clean Water Act reads like a draconian edict of a heavy-handed bureaucracy. I joined Senator John Barrasso and Senator David Vitter in writing a letter requesting the EPA withdraw its decision and explain itself. 
NA
Enjoyed speaking to the North Platte Rotary Club about some of my recent efforts in the Senate, including working across the aisle to pass reforms addressing sexual assault in the military. Also had the chance to talk about a new direction for our country to pass on a better future to our children and grandchildren.
Earlier today I visited the Great Plains Regional Medical Center in North Platte and toured the new addition currently being constructed. Looking forward to the completion of the project for the community.
The Nebraska Beef Council is holding its Best Burger contest with 5 finalists from restaurants around the state. Vote for your favorite burger of the Beef State here! 
Visiting History Channel American Pickers store in LeClaire tomorrow. Look forward 2 seeing some history
Q&A-North Corridor Rotary-Coralville-28 ppl-Keystone,ClimateChange, Syria,Ukraine, DoDcuts, energy, congressgridlock, NSA, propane, veterans
It’s Sunshine Week-transparency in Fed courts wld help understanding of 3rd branch of govt-time 2 pass my sunshine in courtroom bill
Iowa Valley HS-Marengo-91 ppl-Topics-partisanship, GunControl,NSA, Gas $$, energy, gay rights,deficit, Obamacare,marijuana, MinWage, Ukraine
Prayers 2 Pat McCaffrey and family UIowa Coach McCaffrey with son this AM then heading to OH 2 coach a Hawkeye win=best medicine 4 Pat
Q&A w South Tama HS-74ppl-Topics-being a Senator, partisanship, govt shutdown, immigration, NCLB, MinWage, work w Pres Obama, gay marriage
I was fortunate to tour Alice Maxwell Elementary in the Washoe County School District yesterday with Superintendent Pedro Martinez. The school was recognized as a National Title I Distinguished School last year. No doubt, it takes a lot of distinguished teachers and students to make a distinguished school. Keep up the good work Bulldogs!
We traveled to Ukraine not only to see what is happening on the ground, but also to ensure that we enact smart sanctions in a way that deters Russian aggression, but doesn’t hurt our economy or our allies. We need to use sanctions to deter Russia, but we want to make sure we help Ukraine and the European Union and that we don’t negatively affect North Dakota and other U.S. companies operating there. We have built an important trade relationship with Ukraine that not only benefits our economy, but provides much needed goods and services to the nation.
With Canadian #AmbDoer in Bismarck today to press for approval of the Keystone XL pipeline and strong trade partnership with Canada.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=a2cde8a4-5ace-4e9b-aaf4-abf27dcd3884
Obama admin lawyers claim there's nothing wrong with giving Congress a special deal that most Americans cannot get.  http://htrne.ws/OC7w2z 
I believe that maintaining a strong relationship between my office and our state government is crucial.  For this reason, I sent my mobile office to hold regular hours at the State Capitol during every day of the legislative session.  Several hundred Utahns—elected officials, advocates, families, and countless students—interacted personally with me and my staff at our mobile office, which was a few feet from the Capitol Rotunda.  I received valuable feedback from those who engaged with us, and I also received important insight into many important issues facing our state and our country.   My mobile office will soon be releasing a schedule of upcoming visits.  You can sign up for updates by clicking on the link below:
This is an at-length discussion of my conservative reform agenda with Uncommon Knowledge's Peter Robinson.  This interview format allows for a more in-depth look into the issues than shorter interviews.  If you are interested in learning more about how conservative solutions can help us solve America's opportunity crisis, I hope you will watch this interview and let me know what you think.
I enjoyed meeting with @mayorbenmcadams today in his office to discuss transportation issues in Salt Lake County.  While we met in his office this time, maybe next time we can meet in his mobile office (pictured behind us).
Here's my March Madness bracket - let's go Arizona Wildcats!
I enjoyed touring South Central Kansas Medical Center — a 37-bed acute care hospital in Ark City — yesterday. Here, I'm pictured with representatives from Cowley County Community College and the hospital's board of directors. After the tour, we visited about access to health care, as well as the new facility's opening in 2011, which has positively contributed to care for area patients.
Yesterday in Chautauqua County, I met with a dozen area residents in Sedan. We discussed the budget deficit, tax reform, immigration and access to health care. The community is also working on construction of a new library, which will include a storm shelter. Thanks to all the folks who came out and shared a good dose of Kansas common sense.
Please help me welcome Deborah Vo to my Alaska staff as my new Rural Outreach Coordinator.  Rural Alaska has a unique set of possibilities and challenges, and I welcome an experienced woman like Deborah to help contribute to my work for Alaskans.  I’m excited and proud to have her on board to serve the state we love! http://1.usa.gov/1fHWVsU
TODAY: at 6:30pm ET, I will be discussing the importance of protecting our Fourth Amendment rights at UC Berkeley.   Don't attend UC Berkeley? You can still watch my speech live by visiting: http://www.cnn.com/?hpt=sitenav
There's a lot to love in South Carolina--this month's Southern Living showcases a road trip from Charleston to Greenville http://visitgreenvillesc.dmplocal.com/dsc/collateral/SouthernLivingApril2014.pdf
In honor of #WomensHistoryMonth, take a look at these fascinating #PA women who left their mark on history!
Today, my constituent service advocate, Imani Johnson, gave a presentation to the MOMS Club of Pottsgrove/Pottstown to share an update on my initiatives to protect children. These include the Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and my work to keep prescription drugs off the streets.
More people have signed up and filled out a March Madness bracket on ESPN than have enrolled in Obamacare.  Since Sunday night, ESPN has 6.45 million entries, and Obamacare has 5 million enrollments. 
