We will never forget #PearlHarbor.  Remembering the brave Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice 73 years ago today.
Today on #PearlHarbor Remembrance Day and every day, we honor those who made the tremendous sacrifice to keep our country safe.
Today we remember the sacrifice and courage displayed on the ships, airfields, and docks of Pearl Harbor 73 years ago. Let us honor all of those who lost their lives on that fateful day, the patriots and heroes of that era in our history, and the veterans of all our nation's wars and conflicts. This great nation remains free today because of the example set by Americans from that Greatest Generation and those from successive generations who have served in harm’s way. On this Pearl Harbor Day, let the significance of that attack on our soil serve as a reminder that our democracy and way of life are precious gifts that must be continually protected and preserved.
Today marks the 73rd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. We honor and remember all of those who lost their lives on that day.
NA
Honored to welcome these heroes to Washington on National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day:
I look forward to welcoming a Texas Honor Flight of WWII vets to their memorial in Washington this afternoon
Pearl Harbor Day!  Thank a veteran.
What an awesome surprise by the The United States Air Force Band for visitors to the Udvar-Hazy Center last week!
May we never forget the men and women who lost their lives in an unspeakable act of aggression 73 years ago. On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor launching the United States into World War II.  The Greatest Generation heroically answered the call to defend freedom and defeat evil across the world. May we continue to honor their sacrifice by doing all we can to preserve the beacon of freedom in our own time.
On the 73rd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Diana and I reflect on the tragedy which shook the world. We must never forget the 2,400 people who lost their lives on this infamous day. We salute the veterans and survivors of Pearl Harbor and those who defended our freedom during World War II. Against overwhelming odds, they fought back courageously, and helped make our nation what it is today.
Remember Pearl Harbor: 12.7.1941  http://www.omaha.com/news/military/there-was-so-much-suffering-that-day-chronology-of-pearl/article_5efec1db-edbf-5b83-9378-4efec7d94dbb.html
Uni ovr GeoMason 71/65. Men bb
Today is the 73rd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Let us never forget the day that lives in infamy.
I am so grateful this Pearl Harbor Day anniversary and every single day for the service of our men and women in uniform and for the selfless sacrifices of their families. -rj
On this 73rd anniversary of the Japanese attack on #PearlHarbor, join me in expressing admiration and respect for the Greatest Generation.
Remember the fallen from Pearl Harbor.
Today we remember those who lost their lives and sacrificed for our nation at #PearlHarbor. Our nation will never forget. #ThankYou
Thank you to the MONTGOMERY CHILD ADVOCACY PROJECT MCAP for inviting me to celebrate their 10th anniversary last night. MCAP and Mission Kids are just two groups that make Montgomery County a leader in services and programs designed to protect  children.  I am proud to stand with them in Washington to put forth common sense reforms to keep our kids safe.
December 7, 1941: Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee, For those in peril on the sea.
