Americans logging on to the Obamacare exchanges are discovering that the health insurance plans they have now will either cost much more next year, or don’t meet the law’s mandates. They must either pay for a more expensive plan, including coverage they don’t want, or choose to go without insurance and pay a penalty to the IRS. Sen. Alexander said: “This is why we’ve been working so hard to dismantle and repeal this bill, so that we can begin to pass step-by-step reforms that transform the health care delivery system by putting patients in charge, giving them more choices, and reducing the cost of health care so that more people can afford it.” Follow to read about the six things Americans can expect from the Obamacare exchanges: http://1.usa.gov/163zoPt
Weekly Op-Ed: Even before the latest debate on the government shutdown and the debt ceiling, we have been hearing some politicians claim our fiscal crisis is over and the government should raise more in taxes to pay for more government spending, which they believe has been cut by too much in recent years.  While we have been dealing with discretionary spending and revenue policy, Congress and the President have failed to address the root cause of our debt problems, the impending insolvency of entitlement programs.  Combining thoughtful tax reform with fundamental reforms to mandatory programs is necessary to improve our economy, and get out of this severe debt.  Modest steps are not good enough.  The federal government still spends more than we have.  The only way to get out of it is to actually address the problem, not claim that small progress is the solution.
Call Harry Reid and D Senators and tell them that if they think Obamacare is so great, then eliminate the congressional carveout exempting Congress.
House Republicans argue that if Obama and Senate Democrats are going to force the American people to live under ObamaCare, they should not be shielded from the law.
House proposal would eliminate O-care subsidies for Congress and WH
House Republicans looking to go on offense in spending and debt fight.
PHOTO: Happy to meet students from Veritas Christian Academy at our nation’s capital today.
Just when you think POTUS couldn't stoop lower, he goes to food bank to make partisan atttack rather than leading efforts to negotiate a solution to budget impasse.
Today, Senator Corker, ranking member on the Foreign Relations Committee, was among 50 senators from both parties who sent a letter to President Obama announcing their opposition to the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty that Secretary of State John Kerry signed on behalf of the United States last month.  Corker previously warned the administration not to take an action to implement the accord, citing the Senate’s constitutional role in providing advise and consent on treaties.  “We urge you to notify the treaty depository that the U.S. does not intend to ratify the Arms Trade Treaty, and is therefore not bound by its obligations. As members of the Senate, we pledge to oppose the ratification of this treaty, and we give notice that we do not regard the U.S. as bound to uphold its object and purpose,” the letter states.  Read the full text here: http://1.usa.gov/1eopa1B
Enjoyed the opportunity to welcome students from Veritas Christian Academy to our nation's capital today!
#ObamaScare isn't just limited to premiums. Just wait until you actually have to use your insurance: http://bit.ly/15BPLFU
The United States is not bound by any treaty until the Senate ratifies it and I joined 49 other senators today in notifying President Obama that we will oppose ratification of the United Nations’ Arms Trade Treaty. There are at least half a dozen reasons why Secretary Kerry should never have signed it, not the least of which is making our citizens’ right to bear arms vulnerable to attack from outside our borders. Click the link below to read the letter.
What can conservatives learn from Senator Collins proposal to end shutdown...that Dems don't negotiate in good faith Always move goal posts
Read WashPost Ruth Marcus column 2day. Former DoD Sect, CoS, etc. Panetta talks abt lack of leadership at WH, hard work of finding solutions
Half of the Senate joined me, Sen. Jerry Moran, and Senator Joe Manchin III today in sending a bipartisan letter to the President reminding him of the overwhelming opposition to ratification of the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty. It's time the Administration puts this failed effort to rest once and for all. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sens-inhofe-moran-manchin-and-half-of-senate-to-white-house-us-will-not-be-bound-by-un-arms-trade-treaty
The President is failing to consider out national security when he gives enemy combatants the right to remain silent. Now that al-Libi, an alleged senior terrorist, is on U.S. soil for trial, he will be read his Miranda rights making it much more difficult to gather intelligence to prevent future attacks.   The President's agenda to close Gitmo is a blatant unwillingness to confront global terrorism and it only emboldens our enemies to continue their despicable acts against humanity.  http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2013/10/14/al-qaeda-kingpin-abu-anas-al-libi-belongs-at-guantanamo-not-in-new-york/
Read and share the letter I signed with 49 other senators to announce our opposition to the ratification of the UN Arms Trade Treaty.  We sent this to the president today to let him know that the U.S. Senate does not intend to ratify this treaty.  This treaty poses a threat to our 2nd Amendment rights and undermines our national sovereignty.  With a bipartisan group of 50 senators opposed to this treaty, it is unlikely that it will be ratified anytime soon.
Today at 1:10 p.m. CT, former Army Captain Will Swenson will receive the Medal of Honor. At the time of his selfless acts, he wore the Big Red One patch as a member of a Military Transition Team working with Afghan soldiers. Much time has passed, but I’m happy to see that Will is getting the recognition he deserves.  On Sept. 8, 2009, in Ganjgal, Afghanistan, Capt. Swenson saved numerous lives after his team was ambushed by insurgents in an attack killing and wounding a number of U.S. servicemen and Afghan soldiers. He will be the sixth living service member to receive the nation’s top valor award for actions in Iraq or Afghanistan. You can watch the ceremony live via the link below.
While wrangling continues in Washington, our nation’s Army Rangers continue to carry out our their missions to protect our freedom. The article linked below shares the inspiring story of 3rd Battalion Ranger Josh Hargis who was wounded in the incident that claimed the lives of four Army Rangers last week in Afghanistan. Thank you for your service to our nation.
This morning I'll be discussing the government shutdown on KBUF with Lory Williams just after 7:30 a.m. CT. Then around 8 a.m. CT, I'll join Steve and Ted on NewsRadio 1330 KNSS Wichita—I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
We salute YOU, Army Ranger Josh Hargis, for your service & heroism. We are so thankful for you & all those who serve.
Peace through strength. It's a philosophy that guided the United States to victory in the Cold War and a policy that protected us from the calamity of nuclear war. But in the heated debate over Syria, our commitment to this approach has wavered -- and it's time we reasserted its prominence.  Read my entire Foreign Policy op-ed here: http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2013/10/15/peace_through_strength_us_iran_nuclear_negotiations
MUST-READ: Unelected federal officials have now written 30 words of regulations for each word in the law. http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/penny-starr/11588500-words-obamacare-regs-30x-long-law http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/penny-starr/11588500-words-obamacare-regs-30x-long-law
Bargain away our 2nd Amendment rights to the UN? Not on my watch! 
 
 Like/Share if you will join me in standing against the UN Arms Trade Treaty.
 
 http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=09552027-7002-41ef-a03e-db3cb2188f3e&ContentType_id=ae7a6475-a01f-4da5-aa94-0a98973de620&Group_id=d8ddb455-1e23-48dd-addd-949f9b6a4c1f
The New York Times is reporting on the outcry from those involved in setting up the Obamacare exchanges, including the GAO, that they warned they would not work or be ready on time.   And yet the Times is reporting that Secretary Sebelius insisted that the project was not in trouble. Even after the exchanges opened to failure, she traveled on tax-payer paid promotional tours to announce everything was fine. We need accountability, which is why I have called on the Secretary to step down.  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/13/us/politics/from-the-start-signs-of-trouble-at-health-portal.html?hpw&pagewanted=all&_r=0
I had the opportunity to go On the Record w/ Greta Van Susteren last night to discuss my call for President Obama to request Secretary Kathleen Sebelius resign.   Click like if you agree Secretary Sebelius should step down.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq3uoWCDkmo
We have long-term, structural spending issues. Must find a path to cut waste, grow opportunities for our kids and grandkids.
Thank you to Wendy Pollitzer from Beaufort for this week's cover photo, taken in Hunting Island State Park.  This is our South Carolina.
In case you missed it: I spoke with Greta Van Susteren this past week about the Obama Administration's disgraceful treatment of our armed services.  You can watch here: http://youtu.be/BK1-8xVtrzI
Today, I joined Senator Thad Cochran in signing a letter to President Obama that states our unequivocal opposition to ratification of a United Nations Arms Trade Treaty that the Obama administration recently signed.  The Obama administration’s decision to sign the UN Arms Trade Treaty is a direct assault on the Second Amendment. The treaty could be used as a backdoor approach to limit the rights of every American to keep and bear arms. I stand with the majority of Mississippians in opposing this affront to U.S. sovereignty.  Read more by clicking the link below.
