Sen. Alexander listens as John Green of Memphis, Tenn., asks questions during a meeting with Christian Brothers High School in Memphis, Tenn., last week in Washington, D.C.
Last week, Sen. Alexander met with students from Christian Brothers High School in Memphis, Tenn., during their trip to Washington, D.C., to learn about the federal government through tours of historic sites and meetings with their representatives.
Today, at 12:34pm ET, I will be on air with Dennis Miller to discuss the Careers for Veterans Act.  To listen live, follow this link: http://www.dennismillerradio.com/  I hope you can tune in.
Thanks to this partnership, Hoosier veterans will be able to access a modernized, outpatient mental health facility in Fort Wayne.
NA
Congrats to the Purdue women’s basketball team, another big winner this weekend. They won their record ninth Big Ten tournament championship.
Congratulations IU Men's Basketball on being the outright Big Ten Champions. First time since 1993.
The White House says the President's budget will not be ready until April. The deadline was February. This is not the way to solve our debt crisis.
Op-Ed: Last week, the state of Idaho celebrated the 150th Anniversary of the signing of the Idaho Act which made Idaho a territory. This milestone offered many of us a chance to reflect on our states’ remarkable history. Idahoans continue to embody the determination that was critical to developing the 200 incorporated cities across 44 counties. Our motto “esto perpetua,” meaning let it endure forever, exemplifies our history of strength and endurance while giving us a vision for the future.
Silly question?  As House and Senate budgets take shape,  how important to you is it that the budgets actually balance?
WSJ: Cut this, not that
4 longs years since a D budget in the Senate, but Budget Committee will vote on one this week.  Goes to Senate floor next week.
The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined. Those which are to remain in the State governments are numerous and indefinite." -- James Madison (1751-1836), Father of the Constitution for the USA, 4th US President, Source: The Federalist No. 45
KUHF Houston: Cornyn Files "Careers for Veterans Act" in Senate:
Going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren tonight around 9:15 PM CT to talk about the fight to defund Obamacare. 
 
 SHARE to spread the word!
SHARE if you've already seen an increase in your health care premiums.
 
 Reason #5 to defund Obamacare:
Remember when President Obama said, “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan?” Not true for millions of Americans.
 
 Reason #6 to defund Obamacare...
Looking forward to speaking with Bob Cole on KOKE FM at 7:20 AM Texas time. Listen at 98.5 in Austin or online here: http://kokefm.com/listen-live/
Joining Bill Bennett live on the radio at 7:05 AM CT this morning. Tune in or listen online here: http://www.billbennett.com/
It’s unfortunate how often I see the words “common sense” and “reasonable” purposely tied to proposals that would seriously restrict Constitutional freedoms or do our country further economic harm.
Congratulations to the Nebraska National Guard for earning two prestigious U.S. Air Force unit awards and to the 11 individual National Guard Airmen and Soldiers for receiving honors.
'Too big to fail' now is 'too big to jail'
NYU Using Tuition Dollars To Acquire Administrators’ Multimillion Dollar Homes
NA
One of the top reasons Soldiers choose to enlist is the benefit of Tuition Assistance (TA). I am concerned that this benefit was abruptly suspended Friday and I am looking into this decision to ensure our Soldiers continue to receive the benefits they fought for and earned.   http://www.armytimes.com/news/2013/03/army-army-to-suspend-tuition-assistance-030813/
I joined the Morning Joe team to discuss the need to rein in spending and reduce the federal deficit. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSvPf33TP9o
NA
As a 24-year veteran of the U.S. Navy Reserve, my commitment is to make sure our military veterans get the best medical care available.
I will be holding another "Let's Talk" tele-townhall event this Wednesday at 9:00 p.m. EST.  You can visit this page on my website to find several ways that you can participate.  Be sure to fill out the form if you would like to participate via telephone:
Just take a look at this giant stack: one day’s worth of ObamaCare regulations. 828 pages in one day. Overall, there are nearly 20,000 pages – with many, many more to come. This is the owner’s manual for the health care law that’s supposed to make things better. Are you kidding? This law is a disaster waiting to happen.
 
 ObamaCare is just too expensive, and it’s not working the way Washington Democrats promised. That’s why ObamaCare needs to be repealed. And that’s why I will continue to push for its repeal.
Visit your local Dillons this week to take part in the state-wide Kansas Food Drive: Neighbor to Neighbor. The goal is to raise 50,000 meals for Kansas families by Tuesday, March 19, through food and monetary donations.   The Kansas Department of Agriculture is hosting the food drive as part of Kansas Agriculture Week to help Kansas families in need and recognize our state’s farmers and ranchers. It is a public-private partnership between Dillons Food Stores, Harvesters, the Kansas Food Bank, and Second Harvest Community Food Bank.
I am heading down to the Senate floor to remember those who died in the tsunami in Japan two years ago, and the impacts we in Alaska are still feeling today.  You can watch live online: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Today marks the anniversary of the deadly Japanese earthquake and tsunami.  While I was in Japan recently, I laid a wreath for Alaskan school teacher Monty Dickson, who was killed along with so many Japanese in the disaster two years ago.  I know our countries on both sides of the Pacific will be remembering those who were lost, and steadying ourselves for the hard work needed to fully recover.
My heart goes out to the victims of this terrible tragedy and to their families. Please keep Warren in your prayers.
I was on CBS News Face The Nation yesterday talking about the need for the President to give Democrats political cover to enact real reforms to entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare. Reform is necessary to keep these vital programs sustainable. Check out the link below...
I penned an op-ed for the Washington Post explaining that my filibuster of John Brennan was only the beginning.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/sen-rand-paul-my-filibuster-was-just-the-beginning/2013/03/08/6352d8a8-881b-11e2-9d71-f0feafdd1394_story.html
Last week, I appeared on Fox's On the Record with Greta Van Susteran to discuss my filibuster of John Brennan.  Click below to watch the interview.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnnCbXMfgSU&list=UUeM9I-20oWUs8daIIpsNHoQ&index=2
Food stamp program is out of control and needs reform, namely my commonsense reform bill S. 458.  We can and should restore integrity to SNAP for those who rely on it while being more responsible to the taxpayer – and we can achieve billions in real savings without ever affecting food on the table.  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/46609072-people-food-stamps-2012_706745.html
Loved having the opportunity to talk with students, parents, and teachers from Rudolph Gordon Elementary School in Greenville
Working with PA State Rep. Stan Saylor's office, my staff assistant Jeff Ditzler was on hand to help constituents at the Delta Senior Center in York last week. My staff holds these events regularly across our state so be sure to check your local paper for a casework day near you.
Meeting with Temple University Hospital's terrific health leadership team. Thanks so much for having me everyone.
I toured Temple University Hospital today to learn more about its role as a regional health leader and major area employer. Serving on the Senate Finance Committee means helping to make decisions on health policy so I'm grateful to Dr. Amy Goldberg and Dr. Larry Kaiser for taking the time to show me around.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has responded to my letter that a new medal for drone operators and others not in direct ground combat will be ranked above some long-standing combat valor medals like the Bronze Star. While I fully support appropriate recognition of all military personnel whose extraordinary actions make a difference in combat operations, I'm concerned about this decision and the new medal's ranking in DOD's order of precedence. Pennsylvania’s veterans and others have told me of their concerns as well. This is a disappointment.
Good morning Pennsylvania. Tune in to WAEB's Bobby Gunther Walsh to hear my update from Washington:
