ICYMI: On Friday, Sen. Alexander visited the Tennessee Wildlife Resource Agency’s board meeting in Knoxville. At the meeting, Alexander discussed standing up to “Washington overreach” through his “Freedom to Fish Act” and thanked the TWRA on behalf of Tennesseans for their work to “conserve our great outdoors.”  Alexander said, “Egypt has its pyramids, and England has its history, and Italy has its art, and we have the great American outdoors, and no one enjoys it more than Tennesseans do.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree.
A new government report found the IRS’s ObamaCare fraud prevention program has been plagued with implementation problems. This law is a train wreck. That's why I'm co-sponsoring Senator Ted Cruz's legislation to defund ObamaCare, and I continue to fight for a full repeal of this flawed law.
Looking forward to honoring Jerry Smith this evening, who is celebrating his 100th birthday.   Click below to read more about Jerry, one of the original “Seabees.”
Scott County Judge James Forbes and landowner Albert Rogers showed us the work that is left to be done at a bridge washed away during the May 31st flood at Y-City.
We started the day off in Yell County and we're heading to Scott County next as part of our Ag Tour. The agriculture policies passed by Congress have a big impact on our state. In our latest edition of 'From the Mailbag' we discuss what we would like to see in the Farm Bill to help Arkansas's top industry.
It's good news for Wyoming that the Administration answered our call to return mineral revenue that is owed to our state.
Casper Star-Tribune: Wyoming to finally get $40 million in mineral lease fees from federal government.
A few weeks ago, I made a stop in Emmett to visit with Idaho downwinders.  Referred to as “downwinders," these Americans suffered from cancer and other various health issues as radiation  from above-ground nuclear testing in Nevada drifted east and north over a number of states during the 1950s and 60s.  During my stop, the group was viewing a new documentary film "Jay and John Wayne: A Downwinder's Story" that chronicles the plight of downwinders’.  I spoke to the crowd following the film and again offered my support.  Like the group, I hope the film helps us to continue to raise the issue in Congress.
Chron: Cornyn Demands that Obama Consult Congress Before Syria Military Action
Read Sen. Cornyn's full statement on Syria here:
Cornyn: "Before any action is taken regarding Syria, it's imperative that President Obama make the case to the American people & consult w/Congress."
Roll Call’s Meredith Shiner profile’s Sen. Corker’s role in the debate over the U.S. response to the crisis in Syria.  “Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., is using his perch as the top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to carve out a niche for himself as a go-to congressional voice on the crisis in Syria…Corker talked on Tuesday about his hope that the administration would be more transparent with Congress about its plans for Syria, especially given that the White House began its engagement in Libya, for example, with good will that ‘dissipated.’ He also emphasized that America and its allies should be careful to support the moderate opposition and to avoid putting boots on the ground, making decisions that do not cause [the U.S.] to be mired down in a civil war.”  Read more: http://roll.cl/17k5aJn
FACT: As a result of Obamacare, you'll likely be left waiting longer at the emergency room.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Injustice in Iran: the religious persecution of Pastor Sayeed continues. Please keep him and his family in your prayers:
More Obama DOJ ridiculousness: outlandish prosecutions of business owners in disfavored industries.
Great to speak with Sean Hannity from The Salt Lick in Driftwood. Tune in to Fox News tonight for our discussion on #Syria, #DefundObamacare & more.
The federal government announced late yesterday that it will return more than $50 million in mineral revenue owed to Wyoming. The sequester was used as an excuse to take state money despite being guaranteed by law. I’m pleased that this money will be returned. Senator Barrasso, Rep. Lummis, and I worked together to get the state reimbursed. We will still move forward with our bill to prevent the federal government from stealing state money in the future. It would also allow states the option to collect their own mineral revenue. Click the link below to find out more.
I remain committed to repealing, defunding, and dismantling Obamacare piece-by-piece. Until that happens, Congress, the President, and the political appointees in the Executive Branch in Washington should have to live under the laws they pass and not be able to exempt themselves. The legislation Senator Vitter and I plan to introduce will make sure government officials are not exempt from Obamacare. They will be required to get their insurance through the exchanges like everyone else without a taxpayer-funded subsidy.
When Congress is back in session, Sen. Vitter and I plan to introduce legislation to require that all Members of Congress, the President, Vice President, and all political appointees in the Administration to purchase their health insurance on the Obamacare Exchange without the help of taxpayer-funded subsidies. There’s no excuse for trying to let government officials off the hook when the American people are already paying the price of bad policy. Click the link below to find out more and sign up to be a Citizen Cosponsor of the Vitter-Enzi legislation.
Cherokee Town Hall 74 ppl Topics-Debt limit, defunding Obamacare, Syria, farm bill, immigration, tobacco tax
Primghar Town Hall 63 ppl Topics-Tea Party, wind energy, rural health care, Lewis&Clark water, RFS, trade, debt ceiling, Obamacare, Syria
Spencer Town Hall 93 ppl Topics: Syria, Social Security, Obamacare, partisanship, tax reform, debt, farm bill, fair tax.
Senator Grassley visited 2 of the 13 presidential libraries this month. Check out his latest Q&A for more about the history and purpose of these libraries.  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=46851
Storm Lake HS 68ppl Topics:immig, Obamacare, same sex marriage, SocialSecurity, college costs, DreamAct, PatriotAct, guns, marijuana, energy
Iowa high school student leaders are encouraged to apply for the 2014 U.S. Senate Youth Program, application is now open.  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=46839
Sac City Town Hall 30 ppl Topics-Obamacare, immig, Exec Orders, RFS, FarmBill/FoodStamps, EPA, debt, horse slaughter, VoterID, Benghazi, NSA
Carroll Town Hall 49 ppl Topics: dr. fix, min wage, Obamacare/Congress, FarmBill/FoodStamps, F&F, RFS, payment limits, KeystonePipeline, NSA
Denison Town Hall 49 ppl Topics: Renewable Fuel Standard, Obamacare, immigration, guns, Benghazi, Smithfield, budget, deficit, term limits
“We welcome Administrator Willis back to North Dakota today to hear from our state’s agriculture leaders. We’ve been working to get the RMA to make changes so our producers have clear and workable rules to qualify for the prevented planting program. North Dakota producers faced unnecessary hurdles and ambiguity in the program this year. We’ve been working to provide the necessary clarifications and modifications to ensure that prevented planting provides the necessary coverage for our producers.”
Honored to visit the home of my #IL 10 predecessor, Elihu Washburne in #Galena #Illinois. Thanks for the tour, Terry.
In another stop in my series of visits with large employers in #Utah, I had a great discussion with the employees of UPS.
I am looking forward to two more town hall meetings this week.  I will be in Tooele tonight and Farmington tomorrow.  You can visit my website for more information: http://lee.senate.gov  You can also watch the live stream of these events on my Facebook page.  Just click on the Ustream Live tab.
September 3, 2012 - The Hoisington Labor Day Parade begins.
Toured the Lake Shore Cryotronic facility in Westerville today to discuss how my energy efficiency bill will help create jobs.
Jane and I were saddened to hear of Governor Gilligan's passing.  So many in my hometown of Cincinnati and the state of Ohio have benefited from his public service to our community, state and nation. His rich legacy of public service has been passed along to his  children, of whom he was very proud.  Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends.
Not one penny more to countries that persecute Christians. Read, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree.  http://www.nypost.com/p/news/opinion/opedcolumnists/sentenced_to_death_for_sip_of_water_7zwT2vBrUGqhDzasfQxkKK/3
Sessions issued the following statement on the passing of Bill Bates:  “With the passing of Bill Bates, the state of Alabama has lost a treasure. Bill was a patriot who loved and honored the values upon which America was founded. His was an American success story, helping to turn a small business into an icon on I-65. He relished traveling the state, meeting new folks, and always enjoyed a hearty political debate with old and new friends. He was a positive and key figure in the nurturing of a fledgling Republican Party in Alabama to its position of strength today.   Up until the day he left us, Bill embodied grassroots politics. This enthusiasm was evident in his desire to attend each presidential inauguration, braving the D.C. cold for hours to hear and see America's newest leader. Always committed to his family, his community, and his country, he was a man of character. He will be dearly missed by those of us who were lucky enough to know him. He was a true friend to me and I will greatly miss his positive spirit and support.”
Enjoyed meeting with Greenwood's Chamber of Commerce on how we can create jobs and unleash opportunity
Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-completes-46-county-tour-south-carolina
At Sullivan County's Eagles Mere Air Museum. George Jenkins kindly took time to show me the country's largest collection of still-operational aircraft manufactured between WWI and WWII.
Kicking off another town hall, this time in Sullivan County. Crisscrossing Pa. this summer, I've heard from so many who want to see our economy grow by creating jobs, rolling back excessive regulations, and putting our nation on a sustainable fiscal path. Thanks to everyone who joined in today's conversation.
At my town hall in Sullivan County this afternoon, I was honored to have Richard Holcombe, a WW II veteran, lead us in the pledge of allegiance. Thank you, Richard. And our sincere thanks to all those from "the Greatest Generation" who served at home and abroad in World War II.
My regional manager, James Fitzpatrick, here with "Gus," a golden lab puppy being trained as a working dog to assist first responders. Thanks to Dr. Cindy Otto and her team at Philly's Penn Vet Working Dog Centerfor their terrific work.
Glad my regional manager for southeast Pennsylvania, James Fitzpatrick, could host students from Drexel University College of Medicine.
