NA
With 7th grade students from Lincoln Akerman School in Hampton Falls who visited the nation's capital yesterday.
I’d really hoped President Obama’s budget would include real solutions to get our economy back on track – especially after he delivered it to Congress two months late. But instead of proposing policies that would help rein in spending and put more Americans back to work, President Obama’s budget includes almost $1 trillion in new spending, $8.2 trillion in new debt, and $1.1 trillion in new taxes.
President Obama will reportedly unveil his latest budget today, which comes two months after the legal deadline. Like & share this post to tell the Obama Administration it’s time to cut wasteful government spending in order to boost economic growth.
It is good to see President Obama is finally starting to put ideas on the table in terms of entitlement reform. We really do have to tackle the drivers of our debt—mainly the growth of entitlement spending—and the fact that President Obama has proposed ideas that may cause some heartburn within his party seems to indicate that he is serious about it.  Considering the delays, however, the remainder of President Obama’s first budget of his second term is rather disappointing. More tax hikes, more debt and more spending. It’s the same recipe for economic disaster that the president pitched throughout his first term. That clearly has not worked.
Senator Mark Begich (D-AK) & I reintroduced legislation to extend the authorization for a program that develops programs and skills that meet the needs of our wounded warriors today. Read more on the release below.
Gun control, immigration, the President's budget proposal... Lots to talk about on Capitol Hill today. If you're Fort Smith or NWA, tune in to 40/29 tonight to see our discussion.
NA
We talked with Mark Smith at KASU about a variety of topics facing our country including North Korea's threats, our Second Amendment rights and the budget debate in Washington. If you missed our interview you can listen to it by following the link below.
The Obama budget is a bad afterthought instead of a good answer to America’s challenges.
NA
PHOTO: After a two month delay and missing the legal deadline, the White House today submitted its Fiscal Year (FY) 2014 Budget to Congress.
The study, issued Tuesday by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) following a three-year investigation, found 31 new areas of redundant or wasteful spending.  We must cut spending and these 31 areas would be a great place to start.
News Release: Earlier today, I announced several staff changes in my Washington, D.C., office.  Click the link below to read more.
NA
AP: Cornyn Introduces Bill to Help Prosecutor Safety
DMN: Cornyn Bill Would Let Prosecutors Carry Guns, Boost Penalties for Attacks After Kaufman Cty:
My thanks to Fish & Wildlife Director Dan Ashe for working with stakeholders on the threatened listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken and Williamson, County, Texas Salamanders as endangered species, a threat to property values and job creation.
Cornyn, on Pres. Obama's budget: “America cannot afford this 'compromise':"
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Obama's Budget is "Irrelevant":
After Kaufman County Killings, Cornyn Introduces Bill to Improve Prosecutor Safety:
The Pres. is "holding necessary reforms hostage to more tax increases, failing to take serious steps towards deficit reduction and pushing a budget that never balances.”
“By delaying his budget and neglecting to meet his obligations, the President chose to lead from behind..."
Cornyn Statement on the White House Budget:
POTUS's budget: total tax increase is $1.1 trillion (on top of the $1 trillion in ObamaCare and $620B from the fiscal cliff).
Going to be on Fox News at 11am CT, tune in if you can.
Talking with Mark Davis on KSKY at 9:35am CT, listen in if you can:
Headed to Senate floor to talk about POTUS's proposed budget.
Washington Free Beacon: Sequester Scare Tactics:
POTUS to reveal $3.77 trillion budget proposal 65 days late and after House and Senate have each passed a budget
Senator Corker expressed disappointment today in the Postal Service’s decision to delay implementation of 5-day delivery of some postal products. According to a statement from the United States Postal Service Board of Governors, Congress left the Postal Service “with no choice but to delay implementation” of the five-day-a-week plan. The Postal Service estimated it would save roughly $2 billion a year by moving to 5-day delivery of some postal products. “I’m very disappointed the Postal Service has succumbed to congressional pressure and is delaying implementation of a cost-saving 5-day delivery plan, and I fear that by continuing to hamstring the Postal Service, Congress is hastening its demise and probably adding additional financial burdens to U.S. taxpayers,” said Corker.
Senator Corker offered an initial reaction to the budget proposal released today by President Obama. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/14bSFlU.
Great discussion with Lou Dobbs. Catch it tonight on Fox Business around 6:30 PM CT.
We should vigorously protect the Second Amendment and the Bill of Rights — this is what the fight is about.   Listen to more from my discussion with Laura Ingraham:
Will be live on the air with the Great One, Mark Levin, at 7:30 PM CT. Hope you'll join us!
I recently cosponsored the Mental Health Awareness and Improvement Act of 2013, which would improve access to and awareness of mental health and substance use disorder services without any cost to the taxpayers. Click the link below to learn more and read a copy of the bill.
President Obama released his 2014 budget plan today. He is asking for another $1 trillion in new taxes on top of the more than $1.7 trillion in tax increases he has already signed into law. Being in charge requires making the tough decisions, especially when they aren’t popular. I had hoped he would embrace the Simpson-Bowles plan which actually includes serious spending cuts and reforms.
The President proposed his budget today. It barely recognizes the need to reform our entitlement programs, and yet it continues unsustainable federal spending levels, which makes it a far cry from a responsible proposal. Additionally, it calls for tax increases to pay for additional federal spending and never balances. Any realized savings should go toward reducing the debt and toward making entitlement programs solvent, not toward more federal spending.  Taxpayers deserve a budget proposal that puts the federal government back on a fiscally sound path. This is not that proposal.
I am disappointed the president’s budget includes more taxes and does not balance. However, I am encouraged by the president’s willingness to reform and save Medicare and Social Security. Read my statement here:
During the past two weeks, I traveled across the state to meet with business and community leaders, citizens, and students to listen to their concerns and discuss my work in the U.S. Senate. After speaking directly with my constituents, it is crystal clear that the vast majority of Nebraskans oppose the Senate’s gun control proposals. Thousands of phone calls, letters, and e-mails to my offices further reinforce this position. Accordingly, I intend to use any legislative tools at my disposal to oppose measures curtailing Second Amendment rights and I will oppose efforts to advance related legislation.   Furthermore, the proposals currently offered would have little or no effect on violent crime – the very problem we are seeking to address in the first place. A number of federal laws to keep firearms out of the hands of criminals are already on the books. The Department of Justice has under-enforced these laws, choosing not to prosecute individuals who fail existing background checks to purchase firearms. Ensuring that current laws are fully enforced should be our top priority.
I spoke with Sean Hannity yesterday about gun control and the status of immigration reform in the Senate.
Today’s decision validates my belief South Carolina is the best place in the country to do business.  This is huge news for our economy. It also shows that Boeing made the right decision to locate in South Carolina. I look forward to the continued strong, mutually beneficial relationship between Boeing, the local workforce, and the state of South Carolina in years to come.
Statement by U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley President Obama’s budget proposal for fiscal 2014
Senator Grassley speaks on the Senate floor about proceeding to the Reid gun control legislation http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NNYKzuSj7g
Today, I sent a letter to Patty Murray and Paul Ryan asking them to conference to produce a bipartisan, bicameral budget. You can read it here: http://1.usa.gov/10TU3Sv
North Dakota is well-represented at this year’s National 4-H Conference by students (LtoR) Taylor Zimprich, Andrew Ternquist, Tyrza Hoines, and Casondra Rutschke, as well as their chaperone LuAnn Stromme.  I was glad to welcome this talented group to my office today to learn more about the conference and their good work back home.
President Obama's budget request is more of the same tax and spend policies we have seen over the last four years. Please take a moment to read my statement on the FY 2014 budget request he released earlier today.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-the-presidents-fy-2014-budget-request
Sen. Inhofe meets with community leaders from Enid, Oklahoma.
It was nice meeting with the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisers on Monday. Thank you NAIFA!
It was great to sit down this afternoon with Mayor Mike Houston of Springfield to discuss infrastructure priorities for the region including passenger rail and the progress on the 10th Street Rail Relocation Project.
I am headed to the Senate floor right now to share some of the submissions from those who have already added their voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment.  The millions of Americans who understand the need to protect the 2nd Amendment need to add their voice.  I need your help to spread the word: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
The debate to protect the 2nd Amendment in the Senate is happening now.  I delivered this speech today in defense of the 2nd Amendment.  I will be returning to the floor later today to read many of the submissions of those who have added their voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment.  If you haven't added your voice yet, you can do so here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
Listen to Senator Ted Cruz defend the Constitution and the 2nd Amendment.
Congratulations to Coach Jeff Walz and the University of Louisville women’s basketball team for playing their hearts out in the 2013 NCAA Championship game. Although Cards fans everywhere would have loved to win one more, we are inspired by this team for being the lowest-seeded team to make it to the title game since the inaugural women’s championship game in 1982. The entire Commonwealth of Kentucky is proud of all they have accomplished. 
It was good to see Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz today in Washington. We visited about the construction of NBAF and the exciting things happening on the K-State campus this spring.
Are you using Instagram? Follow me at www.instagram.com/senjerrymoran.
Good news today: The President’s 2014 Budget request commits $714 million for the construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) main laboratory in Manhattan, Kan. In conjunction with Kansas’ proposed increased cost share of $202 million, the Federal-State partnership will provide full funding for the main laboratory construction.  The commitment is good news for Kansas, agriculture, and the economy because without the capabilities the NBAF will provide, our country is at risk from foreign animal disease threats. Although challenges remain, I will work to make certain construction of NBAF – an essential part of our national security apparatus – moves forward.
Tomorrow, the Congressional Medal of Honor will be awarded to Fr. Emil Kapaun’s family in recognition of the heroism he exhibited during his service in the Korean War. This honor for Fr. Kapaun is long overdue, and I am looking forward to attending the ceremony, which is scheduled to begin at 1:10 p.m. CT. The live video stream will be viewable on the White House website linked below.  On Friday, Fr. Kapaun will be inducted into the Hall of Heroes at the Pentagon. The formal ceremony is scheduled to start at 1 p.m. CT. A live video stream will be viewable on the official Pentagon website.
The US Olympic Committee Paralympic Program is such a wonderful program to empower our men, women and children with physical disabilities.  It was my pleasure to visit with Charlie Huebner today, the program's Secretary General, to hear about the new ideas in giving Americans a great, healthy outlet for competition.  Beyond bringing enthusiasm and creativity up to Capitol Hill, he also brought along his nephew’s Flat Stanley!
65 days after the President’s budget was due and over 2 weeks since the Senate voted on its budget, President Obama submitted his 10-year budget plan today – and it adds $170 billion in 2014 alone to our already unsustainable path.  I appreciate him acknowledging that Medicare and Social Security need to be looked at, but his suggestions are tweaks where we need to consider long-term reforms so our children and grandchildren can benefit from these programs.  His ten year plan pushed the real cuts until after he’s no longer President, literally passing the buck – trillions of bucks – to the next person in the White House.
Shimmel sisters: tough game last night, but I know I join all of Indian Country in immense pride in all that you have accomplished.  You have inspired us all with your determination.  Basketball is a way of life here in Alaska, and I invite you to our beautiful state to speak with our Alaska Native youth.  There are so many female ball players here- from elementary school to college- who I know would love to meet you!
I’m disappointed ConocoPhillips won’t be moving forward with its Arctic program next year – but not surprised.  Companies can’t be expected to invest billions without some assurance that federal regulators are not going to change the rules on them almost continuously. The administration has created an unacceptable level of uncertainty when it comes to the rules for offshore exploration and we’ve got to change that if we’re going to end our dependence on oil from the Middle East.
The President's budget proposes deficits of $5.3 trillion and $8.1 trillion in new debt over the next decade. Where's the Balanced Budget?
Great group of Ohioans turned out for this morning's Buckeye Coffee - I host one every Wednesday in session.
I penned an Op-Ed demanding the protection of our Second Amendment rights.  Click here to read:   http://www.cnn.com/2013/04/10/opinion/paul-gun-control/index.html?fb_action_ids=10100543451445972&fb_action_types=og.recommends&fb_source=other_multiline&action_object_map=%7B%2210100543451445972%22%3A633494990010055%7D&action_type_map=%7B%2210100543451445972%22%3A%22og.recommends%22%7D&action_ref_map=%5B%5D
"If our government does not protect the rights of minorities, then democratic majorities could legislate away our freedoms." http://www.c-span.org/
Click the link below to watch my speech at Howard University. The speech will be live at 11:00am ET http://www.c-spanvideo.org/event/216924
I will discuss African-Americans and the Republican Party at Howard University tomorrow at 11 AM ET. Stay tuned for further details.
I'll be joining several of my Senate Republican colleagues for a dinner with President Obama at the White House this evening.  What would you like us to discuss tonight? 
 
 http://cjonline.com/news/2013-04-10/roberts-dine-obama-white-house
NA
Had a great time this afternoon with the 4-H Conference Attendees. These young Kansans are simply remarkable.
Two great articles on today's development with the NBAF in Manhattan. After almost a decade of work by a whole bunch of folks, $714 million in the President's budget is certainly good news. We're not there yet, but it's a milestone.
 
 http://cjonline.com/news/state/2013-04-10/obama-budget-offers-714m-nbaf
 
 http://online.wsj.com/article/AP701159c23f5c4f9cb513a71c390b2385.html
The Kansas travel industry supports 150,000 jobs. Just had a great meeting with the folks from the KS Travel Association discussing how to increase that number!
Senators Meet With Rosa Maria Payá, Discuss Democracy In Cuba
Rubio: Obama's Budget Is A Blueprint For A Recession: http://1.usa.gov/XDkNeF
“But at least one Republican Southern senator -- U.S. Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama -- crossed Reid, joining McConnell, Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky, Marco Rubio of Florida and others in pledging to block consideration of any gun legislation before debate even begins.”  http://www.timesfreepress.com/news/2013/apr/10/georgia-senators-wont-block-gun-debate/
Sen. Sessions' statement on the President's budget submission to Congress:  “Every expert and specialist has told us that our current spending trajectory is dangerously unsustainable. We know this. Yet the long-delayed White House plan—once all the gimmicks are removed—surges spending even more. After four years of trillion-dollar deficits, the President proposes a net spending increase of $1,025 billion above projected growth, including a $154 billion spending increase next year and a $61 billion increase this year. This is not merely reckless; it is unthinkable. Once again, the President has submitted one of the most irresponsible spending plans in the history of our nation.  Under this plan, spending will rise 56 percent from today’s levels—including a 70 percent increase welfare and poverty spending—and the debt will rise by $8.2 trillion. Despite promises of $1.8 trillion in deficit reduction, the budget contains only a tiny fraction of that amount, just $119 billion, meaning that our debt will surge to $25.4 trillion in 2023—permanently above the danger zone of 90 percent of GDP that is crushing growth and jobs today. Taking into account new spending this year, actual deficit reduction is just $59 billion.  This plan also betrays an arrogance in the White House: apparently they believe the government is perfect and requires no reform. They raise taxes by $1.1 trillion to spend even more money—taking from American workers to finance the continued expansion of the state.  This proposal goes to extraordinary lengths to shield the federal bureaucracy from any reform, even as millions of Americans are trapped in failed government programs. It grows the government at the expense of the economy. It enriches the bureaucracy at the expense of the people. And it threatens to permanently depress the American economy under a never-ending avalanche of debt.”
In their letter to the Republican members of the Gang of Eight, Sen. Sessions and his colleagues pointed out: "As we discovered through several oversight requests from the Agriculture, Budget, and Judiciary Committees, existing federal immigration law designed to protect taxpayers is not enforced by this administration."
Sen. Sessions released a statement today after Chairman Leahy confirmed there would be only one hearing on the massive comprehensive immigration legislation that is supposed to be unveiled soon:  “The process that Chairman Leahy has described – a single hearing on a potentially 1,500 page bill – is unacceptable. It is an explicit rejection of the process demanded by Judiciary Committee Republicans and endorsed by Senator Rubio. To acquiesce to such a process would be to accept the Majority’s plan to rush through this massive legislation before the American people know what’s in it. Now that the special interests have what they want, the deal has been made: force it through and set the public interest aside. As with 2007, the drive to enact amnesty supersedes all else – including the open government principles of our democratic Republic. The American people are being shut out, the law enforcement community is being shut out, and the people’s representatives are being shut out.   We need a committee hearing on every component of reform, including the extraordinary potential costs to taxpayers, the impact on wages and job prospects for the unemployed, and the Administration’s continued refusal to enforce the laws previously enacted by Congress.   Failure to commit to this kind of open process is tantamount to an admission that the bill is not workable and will not stand up to public scrutiny.”
As the gun debate comes to the floor of the U.S. Senate this week, I stand in full support of our Second Amendment rights and will oppose any legislation that infringes on those rights.
Instead of investing in government, let’s empower the individual. Less spending, lower taxes and fewer road blocks for our small business owners will unleash opportunities for all Americans.  You can read my full statement on the President's budget proposal here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341340
The President is releasing his plan to raise taxes, or what he calls his budget, this morning.
Pennsylvania has a long, bipartisan tradition of supporting gun rights. I am a proud part of that tradition. I am a gun owner. I revere the rights enshrined in our Second Amendment. My record shows this.   Criminal background checks are just common sense. If you pass a criminal background check, you can buy a gun. It’s the people who fail a criminal or mental health background check that we don’t want having guns.  That can be done without infringing on law-abiding people’s gun rights. And we ought to do it.
Two months after the legal deadline, the President has put forward a budget that does not balance, increases taxes, and amounts to trillions in new debt. This blueprint should have been an avenue for bipartisan agreement on constructive ways to get the economy growing again.  Instead, it asks Americans to shoulder $1.1 trillion in new taxes for more spending in Washington.  This is not a serious plan for putting the country on a sustainable financial path or encouraging the job creation that we urgently need.  See more here: http://tinyurl.com/cnccvg5
