Led a bipartisan group of Senators in a letter to protest the Majority Leader's decision to rush online sales tax bill through the Senate.  Read the letter here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=921
"Supporters of the online sales tax bill are trying to muscle it through before senators find out how disastrous it would be for businesses in their states.  I will fight this power grab every step of the way to protect small online businesses in New Hampshire and across the nation.” #NoNetTax
One of my top priorities has always been to hear questions and concerns directly from Missourians, and I hope this Facebook page is a resource for you to join the conversation online. There are a lot of important issues facing America today, and in a democracy, there will be times where we disagree. That being said, let’s be respectful to each other and use this opportunity for constructive conversations and debate.
The Obama Administration’s failure to plan for sequestration is simply irresponsible. Instead of protecting travelers from unnecessary delays, President Obama and his cabinet agencies are making American families pay the price for the Administration’s poor planning.
First it was White House tours, now it’s FAA furloughs -- the President continues to choose politics over leadership.    How about cuts in the nearly $500 million spent on consultants and $325 million on supplies and travel?
NA
April 22-26th is National Park Week - Check out the National Parks in your area and plan your visit.
Weekly Op-Ed: Collaborative conservation efforts are the best way to ensure a healthy environment and a lasting commitment.  Voluntary efforts are preferable to heavy-handed, blunt regulations that often result in little actual improvement.  I have long advocated that on-the-ground results are the best measurement of conservation program effectiveness.  Citing the number of fines or permits granted pales in comparison to reporting actual resource improvements.  For this reason, I have found voluntary, incentive-based measures are the best way to realize environmental gains.  As a sportsman and grandfather, I place tremendous value on the protection of our natural resources.  There are ways to realize environmental protections without crippling businesses and impacting job creation.
The Hill: Insurers Would Report Obamacare Taxes Under Cornyn Bill:
Cornyn Introduces Measure to Bring New Transparency to Obamacare:
Immigration reform hearing beginning in the Senate Judiciary Committee at 9 a.m. ET
Sublette and Teton County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office Tuesday, April 23, and Thursday, April 25. She will be at the Marbleton Town Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m., and at the Pinedale Town Hall from 2:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. on Tuesday, April 23. She will be at the Jackson Town Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. on Thursday, April 25. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
This year’s Third District Service Academy Open House will be May 4th in Grand Island from 10:00 am – 1:00 pm CDT. Learn more details here about this event for Nebraska’s interested young men and women to learn about opportunities available to them through our nation’s fine service academies and ROTC:
Earth Day was first officially commemorated 43 years ago. Conservation is a priority of my family as well as many others throughout the state of Nebraska. Take time today and continue the tradition by enjoying the vast natural resources we have in Nebraska. What is your favorite place to go in our state to appreciate nature?
Bruce and I would like to congratulate our friends and longtime Nebraska ranchers, the Beel family, for receiving the 2013 Nebraska Leopold Conservation Award. This prestigious award celebrates outstanding stewardship among landowners. For 75 years, the Beel family has cared for the land and livestock on their family ranch near Johnstown, Nebraska and passed down their commitment of responsible management of our natural environment from generation to generation.
I strongly disagree with the Obama Administration's decision to rule out enemy combatant status for the suspect at this time.
From a Wall Street Journal editorial today:  "The important security issue isn't convicting Dzhokhar but finding out what he knows that might prevent a future attack or break up a terror network. This is where naming him an enemy combatant would be useful. Such a designation allows for extensive, long-term interrogation without a lawyer."
Grassley works to keep academic content decisions at state level
Nobody disputed at Immig hearing that border won't b secured b4 legalization.
Grassley on SEC Enforcement Co-director, Chairman Coming from Same Law Firm
Ways and means chr camp who runs tax writing comm says tax code longer than HolyBible but there is no "Good News" in tax code
Thanks to the Nevada Patriot Guard and Blue Star Mothers for welcoming our heroes home.
NA
On Friday I was pleased to host Assistant Secretary of Defense Sharon Burke in Broken Arrow, Okla. to announce a contract award to L-3 Westwood for their Load Demand Start Stop (LDSS) microgrid system. The LDSS system will reduce fuel usage by up to 50 percent, reduce overall maintenance cost, enhance combat capability, and lessen combat risk of our troops overseas. At a time when our Defense Department is facing unprecedented budget cuts, this technology will be key to improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our military. I am proud of the work L-3 Westwood is doing and the fact that workers in Oklahoma will be directly responsible for reducing risk to our service men and women.  
 
 http://www.tulsaworld.com/article.aspx/L3_Westwood_of_Broken_Arrow_gets_defense_contract_for/20130420_16_A18_CUTLIN316814
I am delivering a speech at The Heritage Foundation at Noon EST today.  The speech will be about "What Conservatives are For."  You can listen here:
A step in the right direction was announced on Friday from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA): the VA is finally responding to our concerns about claims backlogs and expediting the process for claims that have been held up for more than a year. It is absurd that veterans have been waiting for a year or more to have their claims processed, and I’m pleased to see the VA is finally taking action. I’ve heard countless stories from folks who wait months — and in some cases years — to have their claims make it through all the wickets of the VA, and I’m glad the message is being heard. To learn more, read the story below.
Congrats to Alaskan Eowyn Ivey for having been a finalist for the Pulitzer prize in fiction for her book “The Snow Child!”  She also was named International Author of the Year by the U.K. National Book Awards.
In the woods by 6am for first day of OH turkey season; beautiful morning but no luck; back for votes this afternoon. Teletownhall tonight.
The Business Journal highlights the Energy Jobs Fair I'm hosting in Youngstown next week and the opportunities for returning veterans.
As we celebrate Earth Day today, here’s one thing Tom Udall and I are working on to help on conservation.
Today, I issued a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid urging him to incorporate various national security concerns into the comprehensive immigration reform debate in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings.  Click here to read the letter: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=776
Bipartisan Group Of Senators Protest Decision To Rush Online Sales Tax Bill To Senate Floor: http://1.usa.gov/ZiPOEx
Senator Rubio Urges Obama Administration To Not Legitimize Maduro Government In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/ZiNj5g
Rubio Comments On Immigration Debate In Light Of Boston Attack: http://1.usa.gov/ZgqSfX
NA
NA
NA
NA
Happy to visit the PA Association of REALTORS® last week to discuss excessive government regulations and the housing market.
NA
