Thanks to incredible work by law enforcement officers in Boston, Americans can sleep a little easier tonight.  Grateful for our public safety officials who risk their lives on the front lines to keep us safe.  Thank you! #BostonStrong #BostonProud
Congratulations to all our law enforcement, intelligence professionals, military, and first responders on a job well done in Boston.
I want to thank our law enforcement for all of their hard work and hope with this development we will have more information about why this happened.
To all those involved in the capturing of the Boston bombing suspect, well done!
Unacceptable: Obamacare, starting in 2014, will make part-time, not full-time work more common
Where will the $ trail lead to Boston Marathon bombers?
I'm tremendously relieved the remaining Boston bombing suspect has been apprehended; congratulations to local and federal authorities. I continue to pray for the victims and hope this is an isolated incident.
Wanted to share my op-ed on National Review Online today about the conservative case for the immigration reform bill.
Grateful for the brave federal, state, and local law enforcement officials who tirelessly pursued and finally apprehended those responsible for Monday's bombings. God bless Boston, and God bless America.
Released this statement this morning with  Senator Kelly Ayotte New York Congressman Peter King and John McCain about the latest on the Boston suspect.  At the bottom we also give background on the legal authority, precedent and procedures for holding an American citizen as an enemy combatant.   “We applaud our law enforcement for their hard work and bravery in Boston.  “It is clear the events we have seen over the past few days in Boston were an attempt to kill American citizens and terrorize a major American city.  The accused perpetrators of these acts were not common criminals attempting to profit from a criminal enterprise, but terrorists trying to injure, maim, and kill innocent Americans.  “The suspect, based upon his actions, clearly is a good candidate for enemy combatant status.  We do not want this suspect to remain silent.  “We are encouraged our High value detainee interrogation team (HIG) is now involved and working to gather intelligence about how these terrible acts were committed and possibility of future attacks.  “A decision to not read Miranda rights to the suspect was sound and in our national security interests.    “However, we have concerns that limiting this investigation to 48 hours and exclusively relying on the public safety exception to Miranda, could very well be a national security mistake.  It could severely limit our ability to gather critical information about future attacks from this suspect.  “We should be focused on gathering intelligence from this suspect right now that can help our nation understand how this attack occurred and what may follow in the future.  That should be our focus, not a future domestic criminal trial that may take years to complete.  “The public safety exception is a domestic criminal law doctrine that allows questioning of a criminal suspect without Miranda warnings for a limited time and purpose.  “We hope the Obama Administration will consider the enemy combatant option because it is allowed by national security statutes and U.S. Supreme Court decisions.    “We continue to face threats from radical Islamists in small cells and large groups throughout the world.  They have, as their primary focus, killing as many Americans as possible, preferably within the United States.  We must never lose sight of this fact and act appropriately within our laws and values.  #####  Background on Law of War / National Security Detainment  * American citizens who take up arms against our nation or collaborate with our enemies have been held as enemy combatants.  This is well-established principle of American jurisprudence and authorized by congressional statute.  (“There is no bar to this Nation’s holding one of its own citizens as enemy combatant.” -- Supreme Court decision Hamdi v Rumsfeld)  * Criminal domestic law is focused on solving a crime.  The Law of War is focused on protecting our national security.    * An enemy combatant held under the Law of War is not entitled to Miranda rights or appointment of counsel.   * The questioning of an enemy combatant for national security purposes has no limit on time or scope.  In a case like this it could take weeks to prepare the questions that are needed to be asked and months before intelligence gathering is completed.  * An enemy combatant is entitled to a habeas hearing before a federal judge with appointment of a counsel.  This takes place, usually, within 30 days of capture.    * The focus of the habeas hearing would be whether or not there is evidence to justify the enemy combatant status determination which would then allow continued confinement for intelligence gathering.  * As to any future trial, if this suspect is an American citizen he is NOT subject to military commission trial.  This exclusion, was authored by Senator Graham in the Military Commissions Act.    * Under the Law of War, the suspect must be humanely treated, consistent with the Detainee Treatment Act, and other domestic law, and the Geneva Conventions.  * In the future, when the suspect is committed to our federal court system he will have all the rights associated with that system.
Just put out this statement with John McCain about the suspect captured in Boston and whether they should be held as an enemy combatant.  “We truly appreciate the hard work and dedication of our law enforcement and intelligence communities.    "It is clear the events we have seen over the past few days in Boston were an attempt to kill American citizens and terrorize a major American city.  The accused perpetrators of these acts were not common criminals attempting to profit from a criminal enterprise, but terrorist trying to injure, maim, and kill innocent Americans.  "Now that the suspect is in custody, the last thing we should want is for him to remain silent.  It is absolutely vital the suspect be questioned for intelligence gathering purposes.  We need to know about any possible future attacks which could take additional American lives.  The least of our worries is a criminal trial which will likely be held years from now.  "Under the Law of War we can hold this suspect as a potential enemy combatant not entitled to Miranda warnings or the appointment of counsel.  Our goal at this critical juncture should be to gather intelligence and protect our nation from further attacks.  "We remain under threat from radical Islam and we hope the Obama Administration will seriously consider the enemy combatant option.    “We will stand behind the Administration if they decide to hold this suspect as an enemy combatant.”
There r 100s opportunities 4 Secretary waive certain provisions in Immigration proposal. Shld that much power b delegated to ExecBranch?
If u want save Medicare&$ and give consumer choice read former Sen Daschle  washPost 4/18/13 oped
Our judiciary hearing on immigration went well w witnesses other than Secy napolitano b/c she had to b at command qtrs for Boston siege
“All Americans are relieved tonight to know that the second suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing is now in custody. The reaction to Monday’s attack has highlighted the vigilance of ordinary citizens and the comprehensive nature of our defenses as federal, state and local law enforcement personnel pursued the attackers with professionalism and determination. We have marveled at the coordination, skill, and bravery of military, intelligence, and law enforcement officials at every level — from federal agents to suburban beat cops to the campus police officer at MIT who gave his life in the line of duty. Brave Americans serve us every day to thwart and prevent such attacks. We owe them a profound debt. Our thoughts remain with the victims of this week's attack in Boston and subsequent law enforcement efforts, along with their families and friends — and with all those whose lives have been turned upside down so suddenly by the twisted designs of those responsible.”
Our nation breathed a sigh of relief tonight with the simple words "we got him." I am incredibly grateful for the bravery, persistence and expertise of our law enforcement, military and intelligence officials who worked together seamlessly to make certain justice will be served for the victims of these senseless terror attacks. All those killed and injured, as well as their families and the entire city of Boston remain in my thoughts and prayers.
Congrats to the Boston area law enforcement entities for a well-coordinated team effort, preventing further harm done and taking the suspect into custody.  Truly a textbook effort.
Thank God. Looks like law enforcement in Boston have suspect in custody - let's get info needed to avoid future attacks.
I was humbled to give the Weekly Republican Address this week as we continue to pray for the victims and their families.  "We will stand strong. We will stand united. And we will stand together for Boston"  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YZhFHgM7_A
Incredible work by all law enforcement involved in Boston. Thank you!
