“I have consistently said it’s the job of Congress, not unelected bureaucrats, to determine whether and how to regulate carbon dioxide emissions, and this legislation stops the EPA from pursuing regulations that expand the big, wet blanket of harmful regulations on the economy that destroy job growth and put people out of work.”  Today, Senator Alexander cosponsored legislation by Senator McConnell and signed a letter by Senator Vitter to protect Americans from “harmful” EPA carbon regulations that  “will drive electricity prices up for families and businesses and drive down job growth.” Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3e732c64-5b23-4f3e-8feb-f9d2a95e0751
Senator Ayotte enjoyed welcoming 8th grade students from Cornish Elementary School to Capitol Hill today!
Senator Ayotte and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) have introduced bipartisan legislation aimed at bringing greater awareness to the dangers of prescription opioid abuse and heroin addiction. The resolution would designate the week of October 27-November 2 as "National Drug Take-Back Week" and designate October as "National Prescription Opioid and Heroin Abuse Awareness Month." The resolution supports the goals of drug take back efforts and calls for greater public attention to the hazards of prescription drug abuse and heroin use. Read more:  
My statement on the extended #VA wait times in MO. This is unacceptable.
Missourians can’t afford President Obama’s costly #EPA rule – and these burdensome energy regulations would hurt the most vulnerable families in our state the most. I joined 40 of my Senate colleagues today in a letter to the president urging him to withdraw this rule, and I co-sponsored a bill to block it entirely unless the Obama Administration can prove it will not eliminate jobs, cost our economy, increase electricity prices, or reduce electricity reliability. 
"Legion-supported legislation introduced in the Senate on June 3 would give veterans more choice and flexibility in their health-care treatment under certain conditions, such as the inability of Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers to schedule appointments in a timely manner." - The American Legion National Headquarters
American Legion, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), AMVETS, and Concerned Veterans for America (CVA) all released letters of support for the #VeteransChoiceAct. This bill provides veterans with more choice and flexibility, while bringing much-needed accountability and transparency to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. #VAaccountability #FixtheVA
Congratulations to Kevin Fei from Carmel who earned a spot on the U.S. Physics Team for a second year in a row
I spoke on the Senator floor this afternoon on how new rules proposed earlier this week by the Environmental Protection Agency will impact Hoosiers.
A recent picture of Marsha and me with Maggie Sloan Coats, our new granddaughter.
Enjoyed meeting with Hoosier RV industry leaders.
NA
It was a pleasure to welcome members from the Idaho Network of Children’s Advocacy Centers to Capitol Hill.  I enjoyed our discussion and am thankful for the important work they do on behalf of victims of child abuse in Idaho.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recently issued a 3,000-page set of sweeping proposed federal regulations mandating power plants nationwide reduce carbon emissions 30 percent by 2030 as a part of the President’s Climate Action Plan.  If implemented, these regulations will carry enormous economic and practical ramifications without resulting in commensurate environmental benefits. The Administration’s proposals threaten to undermine an important sector of our economy and the industries and jobs it supports and will ultimately result in significant increased energy costs for Idahoans. Click the link below to learn more.  #RegsCostJobs 
Senator Collins welcomed a class of 8th graders from Woolwich Central School to Washington today.  After meeting with Sen. Collins, the group received a tour of the U.S. Capitol Building from members of the Senator's staff.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 30 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Like those voter guides? If Senate Democrats' plan to repeal the First Amendment succeeds, they'll be able to ban them! #DontRepeal1A
Congress banning political commercials it doesn't like? It could happen if Senate Democrats get their way! #DontRepeal1A
Don't let Democrats repeal the First Amendment and have the power to ban books! #DontRepeal1A
Wishing a very happy birthday to my friend and ally in the Rebel Alliance, United States Senator Mike Lee!
It should trouble everyone that Senate Democrats are trying to give Congress the power to muzzle citizens. #DontRepeal1A
I went on record this week and sent a letter with many of my colleagues to President Obama asking him to withdraw his proposed climate change rule. We believe the rule would result in increased electricity rates, harm low-income families and American businesses. It could potentially result in federal restrictions on when people are allowed to run their air conditioners or do their laundry.
The McCain-Coburn-Burr-Flake #VeteransChoiceAct is the #VA fix supported by the American Legion, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, AMVETS National Headquarters and Concerned Veterans for America. Let's vote.  
Shinseki’s resignation last week was an important step toward achieving reform at the VA, but it was only a first step. While investigations into the VA continue, I’ve supported the Veterans Choice Act of 2014 that would allow our veterans access to the high quality, efficiently delivered care they have already waited far too long to receive. I am also supporting legislation to make it easier to fire those responsible for the VA’s failures. 
“Rail safety begins with the rails, which means we need more inspectors, more inspections and more technology to monitor rail conditions and train movement. The measures we’re including in the T-HUD bill will help to prevent accidents in the first place, and to mitigate their impact when they do occur.”
Enjoyed chatting with some of the North Dakota 4-H members currently visiting Washington, D.C.
“While our briefing in Fargo last week indicated the VA medical center is keeping up with scheduling North Dakota vets for appointments, veterans in western North Dakota are still faced with long, time-consuming trips to Fargo for health care services that could be provided closer to home. The Veterans Choice Act will allow our veterans to access health care providers in their community when wait times are long or when access to a VA facility is difficult. The VA Management Accountability Act will ensure that VA senior officials have the authority to manage the system with the goal of delivering the very best care possible for our veterans.”
Last evening the Senate unanimously passed a resolution that Sen. Marco Rubio and I introduced to condemn the death sentence of Ms. Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, a Sudanese Christian women who is being sentenced to death for peacefully practicing her Christian faith. I have personally asked Secretary of State Kerry to look into the possibilities of granting Ms. Ibrahim and her family, including her newborn and 20-month old child, political asylum in the United States. Take a moment to learn more here: http://www.usnews.com/opinion/blogs/peter-roff/2014/06/02/inhofe-calls-for-obama-to-grant-political-asylum-to-meriam-ibrahim
Today Senator Johnson discussed important issues facing our country with members of the Wisconsin Farm Bureau.
Watch Sen. Johnson's opening statement today at the Senate Budget Committee hearing discussing student loan debt.
Senator Johnson will be acting as the ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee this morning, to watch click here http://t.co/EjDsqsTkAN
Today Poland celebrates #25YearsofFreedom since liberation from communism. Join me in celebrating #PolskaFree25.
It is always inspiring to greet our nation’s veterans as they arrive in Washington, D.C. on their Honor Flights to see the memorials built in their honor. Here, Kyle Christian, a member of my staff, and Kyle Abbott, one of my summer interns, greet World War II and Korean War veteran James “JS” Wagner of Kensington, Kansas, on his visit to the National World War II Memorial.
As proof of the systemic dysfunction and lack of leadership at the VA continues to mount, the most important thing is making certain our veterans receive the highest quality care possible and the access they deserve. I am a sponsor of the Veterans Choice Act, new legislation to make certain veterans no longer struggle with unacceptable wait times at VA facilities by giving them the option of being treated by their local physician or being admitted to their local hospital. The success of this approach has already been demonstrated with Project ARCH (Access Received Closer to Home), which enables rural veterans who live more than an hour from a VA facility the ability to receive care from their local health-care providers. Current analysis shows that more than 90 percent of veterans who received primary care services through ARCH were ‘completely satisfied’ with the care, and cited significantly shortened travel times to receive this care.
Yesterday, I had a productive discussion with Kansas law enforcement leaders — Coffey County Attorney Doug Witteman of Burlington and Hodgeman County Sheriff Ron Ridley of Jetmore — on strategies to prevent crime in Kansas communities. I commend Doug and Ron for their commitment to their local communities and for sharing how high-quality education reduces a child’s likelihood of future involvement in crime.
What a great story: While on vacation, a U.S. Air Force pilot helped land a commercial 737 when the pilot suffered an apparent heart attack.
Just spoke with CNN about the national security concerns over the Administration's decision to release 5 high-level Gitmo detainees.
Last night I held a teletownhall with thousands of Ohioans and heard a lot of concern about the VA. If you'd like to share your VA experience with me, feel free to visit my website. My office stands ready to help. http://1.usa.gov/Sf3bnC
One man can take a stand and change history… 25 years after Tiananmen what will you stand for?
According to the Wichita VA, the transition from hospital to in-home care for 385 veterans was managed on an unauthorized list. The VA determined this list put veterans at risk. My first priority is to ensure these 385 veterans have the services they need. And then we need to fix the mismanagement that put these patients at risk. http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=40dbf0cf-e055-45ae-b345-37f4fe20c281
Today I introduced a bill to create an Obamacare watchdog.  My bill would create a Special Inspector General to monitor Obamacare across all departments until it can be fully repealed.   While all of the federal agencies charged with implementing Obamacare have their own Offices of the Inspector General, they are all investigating this law in their own silos. The Health and Human Services Inspector General isn’t talking to the Treasury IG, or the Department of Labor IG, or the Homeland Security IG. My bill creates one watchdog to oversee taxpayers dollars across all the federal departments, state exchanges, and private contractors in Obamacare.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjeDEWMHJME&feature=youtu.be
It was great to meet with my friend Ann Charles from Parsons today.  We did great work together on the development of the Great Plains Industrial Park, after the Kansas Army Ammunition Plant was closed in the 2005 BRAC.  It was great to get an update this evening.  Here is a video from last year summarizing the battle we fought in Parsons.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biyzm853g00
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses the VA reform bill, the Taliban prisoner release, and more with WFLA Tallahassee's Preston Scott. 
ICYMI: Rubio: POW Swap Endangers Americans: http://usat.ly/1mQ6niM  ...  Although the release of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is welcome, the conditions under which it occurred are very worrying. The president has elevated a terrorist group to the position of a nation state’s military, in effect, legitimizing the Taliban. This apparent shift in U.S. policy is troubling for a number of reasons.   First, it demonstrates to other non-state actors and terrorist groups that the U.S. government is willing to deal on a peer-to-peer level, even with terrorist groups that do not respect the laws of armed conflict.   Second, this demand from the Taliban, which was not new, shows that the U.S. was, over time and under pressure, ultimately willing to accede to its requests.   Third, this change in policy may endanger the lives of Americans abroad, both military and civilian, by making U.S. citizens more attractive to pirates, terrorists and any other thugs who expect to get paid or have their demands met in return for the release of a captive American. For instance, al-Qaeda affiliates, particularly in the Sahel, Horn of Africa and Libya use this method as their primary means of revenue generation.  ...
NA
Honored to receive the "Taxpayer Super Hero" award from Citizens Against Government Waste -- I will continue to fight for a smaller, less intrusive, and more efficient federal government!
The fight against #Alzheimers continues. Great ideas from George Vradenburg, chair & co-founder of USAgainstAlzheimer’s. #ENDALZ
Prayers for Schuylkill County’s Jason Jones, KIA in Afghanistan. Jason was a graduate of Blue Mountain High School and West Point - The U.S. Military Academy.
Congrats to Jordan Shub, of Philadelphia, who is finishing up her semester as a Senate page. A high school junior, Jordan works on the Senate floor during sessions while also taking the full range of high school classes. Very impressive! Thanks for your interest and enthusiasm for public service! (Any rising high school juniors interested in the program can learn more at https://www.senate.gov/reference/reference_index_subjects/Pages_vrd.htm)
Veterans deserve better care and more control over their own health-care decisions.
