NA
Enjoyed seeing Manchester Deputy Chief Nick Willard yesterday - an excellent police officer and a great friend!
Did you know that a North Carolina company was the original producer of the “Support Our Troops” ribbon?
  
 I had the pleasure of visiting the company, Magnet America, today – thanks for having me.
We talked with KASU's Mark Smith this morning. You can listen to the interview here.
Brenda Neal, Executive Director of Open Avenues, gave us a tour yesterday afternoon. This is a great facility that offers employment opportunities for adults with disabilities and provides an alternative workforce for NWA businesses.
Senators Ron Wyden, Jim Risch and I are calling for improvements in public land management that will reduce the threat of fires.  As Senator Wyden said, and I could not agree more, “the fires that are ripping through the West are proof that the federal government's policy for fire prevention is broken.”  The solution is collaboration between federal, state and local governments to thin forests and fuel, rehabilitate wildlife habitat and increase logging.  There are a lot of us who are willing to quit the blame game and find solutions that focus on prevention and not fighting.  Fire managers and fire crews are doing an unbelievable job, but the federal government is failing to do its job.
Thank you to the firefighters who are risking their lives every day to protect our communities. "Like" and "Share" #Idaho
Cornyn Demands Justice, Discusses Bill for Fort Hood Victims on KTSA:
Sen. Cornyn Demands Justice for Ft. Hood Victims on KLBJ:
This young man, Mitchell Marcus, and another El Paso student, Jonathon Montanez, made national headlines earlier this year with a remarkable moment shared on the basketball court. Read the uplifting story here: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=TexasTimesWeeklyColumn&ContentRecord_id=1acf43b3-436c-4774-b951-9a21a88cd313
El Paso Times: U.S. Sen. John Cornyn Hears Plea from El Paso Leaders About Border Wait Times:
DMN: Texas Gains People — And Their Income
DMN: TX Sen. Cornyn Seeks Bill to Help Fort Hood Victims:
PHOTO: In El Paso discussing the keys to a smart border, including boosted security and efficiency at our ports of entry to ensure safe trade with Mexico--our third largest trading partner--a relationship that has created nearly half a million Texas jobs and millions more across the country.
Hearing first-hand from small business owners in Kerrville about the impact Obamacare will have on them. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Can we #DefundObamacare? With your help, #YesWeCan!  Please watch and SHARE!
In the fight to #DefundObamacare one side or the other has to blink.  How do we win? #DontBlink #DontFundIt
Fact: Obamacare provides an incentive for many employers to drop health care coverage for their workers.  #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Caroline's first day of kindergarten was today...very exciting. She's thrilled (and so are we).
Defunding Obamacare is a fight we can win -- but only YOU can win this fight #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Dozens of people came to each of my listening sessions in Alpine, Kemmerer, Glenrock and Buffalo.  Concerns about Obamacare, the Administration's war on coal, taxes, debt and federal overreach were some of the top issues.  Thursday I'll be listening in Worland at the Washakie Museum and Cultural Center at 1:30 p.m. and the Greybull Community Hall at 4 p.m.
Good to be in Ainsworth this morning. Looking forward to the Listening Session I’m holding at the Ainsworth Conference Center at 10:30 am. I’ll also be stopping in Bassett today for a Listening Session at the Range Café at 12:30pm. See you there!
Such a beautiful evening last night. Love Nebraska!
I am bitterly disappointed that no one has paid a price for the State Department’s denying of numerous requests for additional security made by Ambassador Stevens and his team in Libya.  Our compound in Benghazi became a death trap because people in Washington were deaf and blind to their pleas for help.    This whitewashing on accountability for the failures of Benghazi will not stand.
After a good day in Topeka I'm overnite in Lawrence at home of AttorneyGeneral and Mrs Schmidt  Jennerfer is former staffer of mine
2day visit w Gov Brownback in Topeka at Capitol  toured beautiful building. Then went to St Historical Building
Share if you agree: #Chicago has 2nd largest #Polish population outside #Poland.  Congress should grant
 Polish citizens unrestricted travel to the #US.
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=843
Promoting unrestricted travel for #Polish citizens to the #US with Rep. Quigley at PAA.
Everything is ready to go for my town hall tonight in Spanish Fork @ 7:00.
#Obamacare was passed without a single Republican vote.  Republicans that are now in Congress ought not contribute their vote to fund it.
"We have to reject the false choice placed before us by those who are powerful.  We are currently being presented with a false choice that we must choose between funding #Obamacare and on the other hand shutting down government.  The truth is, we have every capacity to fund everything else in government without funding Obamacare."  Join me in one of my upcoming town halls: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=0d7297b1-94b1-4df9-a007-ab28c60bdba4
Sen. Mitch McConnell & Sen. Rand Paul speak at the Scottsville-Allen County Chamber of Commerce today on Obamacare and the  Economy
Sen. Mitch McConnell & Sen. Rand Paul in Glasgow, Kentucky speaking with Felker Brothers Corp. Manufacturing Facility employees.
While visiting Munfordville, Sen. Mitch McConnell & Sen. Rand Paul speak with Kentuckians in Hart County about the economy.
Traveling across the state today, I saw this mural that portrays life on a Kansas farm. Can you name the town where it's located?
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: Touring the National Institute for Aviation Research, Wichita State University, meeting with Bonner Springs Rotary Club, attending a roundtable with hospital administrators and more.
Here's a photo this morning's sunrise in Northwest Kansas. I look forward to visiting the Saint Francis community today.
Coast Guard Commandant Papp, Admiral Ostebo and I are asking questions about the housing quality for USCG in Homer – about things like space, noise and heated garages.  Little things that make a huge difference for our guardians and their families.
The mess crew on the CGC Hickory laid out a delicious spread and were generous enough to share. Best part of lunch? The salmon!
Aboard the CGC Hickory with Admiral Papp talking about his first trip to Homer and his push for better housing and support for Coast Guard families.
Just landed in beautiful, rainy Homer with Coast Guard Commandant Papp and Admiral Ostebo.  I’m looking forward to talking to them about the vital importance of the CG in our state as well as seeing some of the assets they have here in Homer.  It’s going to be a great day!
At the MarkWest processing plant in Cadiz. Investment means jobs in Ohio and less dependence on foreign sources of energy.
Speaking to economic development officials at the OMEGA meeting in Cadiz today about how we can create a better environment for job growth in eastern Ohio.
NA
More bad news for Obamacare out of Atlanta. More and more Americans are losing the coverage they liked....
Great morning in Sterling with officials of JACAM Chemicals, a very successful company providing needed jobs to rural Kansas.
Thanks to the leadership at Via Christi in Wichita for giving me a tour of the hospital's new hybrid operating room. Here doctors and staff can operate and get images without having to move patients down to radiology or elsewhere.
August 13, 2013
Thoughts and prayers with JC Stroble, his family and friends, and the Beacon in Spartanburg. #CallIt  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjntjPoBjcA
Watch the full interview here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OS4RQRUaNc
At Lasko Products in West Chester with Marc Stevenson, plant manager and a 35 year employee. Great to tour the site and discuss Miscellaneous Tarriff Bill reform, which will bring more jobs to Southeast PA.
During my visit to CBS Philly, I was able to have a conversation with the one and only Pat Ciarrocchi. Thanks for having me.
Congratulations Exton on winning the 2013 Google eCity Award for PA. The eCity Award recognizes the strongest online business community in each state. Exton is the 2013 digital capital of Pennsylvania!
At the Trainer refinery in Marcus Hook this morning, Delco Council members and Congressman Patrick Meehan and I listened to employee concerns about government's ridiculous ethanol mandates. I've introduced a bipartisan bill to repeal requirements that direct more corn in our gas tanks at the expense of the hardworking men and women of Pennsylvania.
Thanks to Monroe Energy for hosting me for a tour of the Trainer refinery today. I had a great town hall with the local employees and heard them loud and clear - ethanol mandates have got to go.
Getting a firsthand look at the new Methodist Olive Branch Hospital in DeSoto County from the hospital's CEO, David Bayton.
