The Obama Administration is admittedly waging a ‘war on coal,’ which will hurt families and job creators in states like Missouri that rely heavily on coal for accessible and affordable power. Unfortunately, the president continues to block and delay the job-creating Keystone XL Pipeline, and now he’s proposing a plan that will lead to higher energy costs that further stall economic development. Share this post if you agree Americans can’t afford higher energy costs.
Congress has one shot to address immigration reform the right way today, and we had better get it right. Any legislation that reaches the president’s desk must address border security first and foremost. Unfortunately, I can’t vote for this bill because it fails to prioritize border security first.
Instead of declaring war on industries, we should be encouraging a thriving & sustainable American energy market.
 
 Share if you agree.
WASHINGTON, D.C.—U.S. Senator John Boozman (R-AR) released the following statement today on President Obama’s proposed national tax on affordable sources of energy:  “This is nothing more than a backdoor attempt to impose cap-and-trade on the American people. President Obama couldn’t get that through Congress, so now he is turning to his regulators. His proposal will drive up electricity prices, especially in Arkansas, and make it impossible for our manufacturers to compete with companies in China and India.   Read the entire statement by following the link below.
Wyoming’s Sweetwater County School District may cut the hours of more than 500 part-time workers thanks to #Obamacare.
I spoke on the Senate Floor earlier about how Americans cannot afford President Obama's national energy tax that will discourage hiring and increase energy costs.
Members of my staff are holding mobile office hours across Indiana to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. This week office hours will be held in Greensburg, Kokomo, LaPorte and Terre Haute.    The times and locations of the office hours are below. I hope you will attend or please pass along this information to any of your friends or neighbors who might find it useful.     Greensburg   Wednesday, June 26, 2013   10:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. ET   Greensburg City Hall, 314 W. Washington Street    Kokomo  Wednesday, June 26, 2013   10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. ET   Kokomo-Howard Public Library: 220 North Union Street   LaPorte   Wednesday, June 26, 2013   1:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. CT   LaPorte City Hall, 801 Michigan Avenue    Terre Haute   Thursday, June 27, 2013   10:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. ET   Indiana State University (Heritage Lounge), 200 North 7th Street
NA
My statement after last night's cloture vote on the substitute amendment to the Senate immigration reform bill
Yesterday, we received welcome news that the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on the President’s unconstitutional ‘recess’ appointments to the National Labor Relations Board.  The Constitution gives the president the power to make temporary appointments to fill positions that otherwise require confirmation by the Senate, but only when the Senate is in recess.  Last year, the President made these appointments when the Senate was convening for pro forma sessions, and therefore not in recess.  All 45 Republicans in the Senate have filed a friend of the court brief asserting that the President "made an unprecedented power grab" by making these recess appointments.
Last night, the U.S. Senate held a procedural vote on a so-called border security amendment to the Immigration Reform bill.  However, this amendment falls short of what Idahoans expect for securing our borders and I opposed Cloture.  Before any immigration reform can take effect, our borders must be secured, but this amendment fails to include real benchmarks while granting legal status immediately.  Additionally, after legal status is granted, there is no incentive for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to meet these new requirements.  The American people have witnessed this before with the failed congressional attempt at immigration reform in 1986, and again with the failure to build the fence in 2006.  However, many of these outstanding issues could be addressed through a full amendment process.  It is disappointing that the Majority Leader has chosen to rush this bill through rather than amend it.  Border Security must be a requirement, not a goal.
Cornyn Responds to New Obama Climate Policies:
Cornyn Joins Effort to Repeal Death Tax:
VIDEO: Cornyn on the consequences of passing ill-considered immigration reform:
PHOTO: Great meeting with the Texas delegation from the National Association of Manufacturers:
DMN: Cruz and Cornyn Vote 'No' on Corker-Hoeven Border Security Plan
In a Politico op-ed today, Senators Bob Corker, R-Tenn., Mark Warner, D-Va., Mike Johanns, R-Neb., Jon Tester, D-Mont., Dean Heller, R-Nev., Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., and Jerry Moran, R-Kan., all members of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, write about the legislation they plan to introduce today, Tuesday, June 25, to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns. Read their op-ed here: http://politi.co/11E9m6A.
Tonight the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment to the Senate immigration bill cleared an important procedural hurdle when the Senate voted overwhelmingly (67 to 27) to invoke cloture on the amendment. This sets up the amendment for a pass/fail vote later in the week.  Senator Bob Corker, who introduced the amendment with Sen. John Hoeven, made the following statement.  “This vote provides strong bipartisan support for an amendment that unquestionably strengthens border security and moves us toward solving the immigration problem that we have struggled with for decades," said Corker. "There are certainly provisions in the underlying bill that can be improved, but it is my hope that tonight's overwhelming vote will lead to the passage of a strong bipartisan bill out of the Senate later this week."  The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb de facto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits.   Read more about the Hoeven-Corker amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/14pOmPG. Read a myth vs. fact sheet on the amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3.
Interacting with Obamacare, the Gang of Eight bill creates an enormous incentive to hire those here illegally by creating a $5,000 statutory penalty for hiring American citizens and legal immigrants.
 
 This makes no sense.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
 
 SHARE if you don't want to repeat the mistakes of the 1986 amnesty!
If you're in DFW, I hope you'll tune in to the Ben Ferguson Show -- I'll be joining him around 9:45 am CT to talk about yesterday's immigration vote, problems with the bill, and where it goes from here.  Tune in to WBAP or listen online:
Great discussion with Sean Hannity about today's vote, fixing our broken immigration system, and putting real teeth into border security.  Catch it on Fox News tonight on Hannity.
Spoke with U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell today during a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing (video of our exchange is linked to this post).   I stressed that we need proactive forest management on federal lands – a vital part of which is the reauthorization of stewardship contracting authority – to help restore healthy forests and better manage the wildfires that continue to threaten Arizona’s communities. I was pleased by Chief Tidwell’s comments, and I urge the Forest Service and BLM to support efforts to improve this important tool.
The climate plan outlined by the President today would increase compliance costs and jeopardize Nebraskans’ access to affordable, reliable electricity. The President should instead work with – not around – members of Congress on bipartisan solutions that lower energy prices for Americans and bring us closer to realizing true energy independence.
Strategic Command has benefited enormously from General Kehler’s steady leadership throughout the past year and a half, and I enjoyed a strong working relationship with him and his staff. I congratulate Admiral Cecil D. Haney, the president's nominee to replace General Kehler. I look forward to meeting with him as the Senate Armed Services Committee considers his nomination to this critical post in leading efforts to counter strategic threats across the globe.
U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley Works to Get an Explanation for $70 Million in Bonuses at IRS
NA
We can't wait to tackle America's broken housing finance system. #GSEReform
“We are grateful that the community has come together and found a way to keep the Painted Canyon Overlook open through the end of October. We appreciate the Theodore Roosevelt Medora Foundation for securing the additional funding to ensure that the public can enjoy the beauty of our badlands for an additional month. The Painted Canyon Overlook is truly one of our state’s greatest tourist attractions and a wonderful asset for local communities.”
Senator Durbin and I congratulate the #Blackhawks on bringing the Stanley Cup home to #Chicago http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=792
Celebrating the 150th anniversary of #WestVirginia's statehood with my friend Sen. Joe Manchin
Allowing the continuation of toxic chemicals, such as mercury, to be dumped into the #GreatLakes, the source of drinking water for more than thirty million Americans, is unacceptable. Please share and let me know your thoughts below. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=791
Chicagoan Penny Pritzker built businesses from the ground up and drew opposition from far left labor unions. As Commerce Secretary she'll promote U.S. job growth.
McConnell: 'Declaring a ‘War on Coal’ is tantamount to declaring a war on jobs. It’s tantamount to kicking the ladder out from beneath the feet of many Americans struggling in today’s economy. And I will be raising this issue with the President at the White House today.' #Kentucky #Coal
President Obama's "War on Coal" will especially hurt Kansas. Kansans could see the loss of thousands of good-paying jobs sent overseas to developing countries – like China and India – that are massive energy consumers. We also face significant increases in natural gas, electricity and gasoline costs, and pocket-numbing decreases in household incomes. Kansans are already facing a staggering increase in their cost of living due the looming implementation of Obamacare.  We should not tolerate policies that harm our economy and drive businesses overseas to countries that have demonstrated a commitment to growing their economies regardless of the environmental consequences. America will then be worse off on two counts – fewer jobs in the United States and no reduction in worldwide CO2 emissions.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense: the immigration debate continues, McConnell Air Force Base is slated to receive $219 million, an update on the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial, Kansas WWII Veterans travel to Washington and more.
I'm disappointed by the climate agenda laid out by the President today.  It’s full of command-and-control regulations that will drive up energy costs for all Americans, which is is exactly the opposite of what we should be seeking from our energy and environmental policies.  I have seen the affects of climate change in Alaska first hand, but I believe there is a responsible way forward that combines traditional energy sources with renewables.   The president leaves tomorrow for Africa. I encourage him to note what life looks like in parts of world where people do not have – or cannot afford – access to energy.  At home and abroad, the benefits of affordable energy are apparent. Those benefits should be embraced, not condemned.
Congrats to the City of Columbus on being awarded the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve's SecDef National Freedom Award for its support of members of the U.S. military this year.
Jane joined the Ohio Federation of Republican Women Tribute to Women luncheon over the weekend - strong women leading the way for the Party.
Read why I’m voting no on immigration reform: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/06/why-im-voting-no-on-immigration-reform-93340.html
President Obama today declared a war on coal, and thus declared a war on Kentucky jobs and our economy. Whether it is through the retroactive denial of permits, onerous regulations on coal-fired power plants, or unreasonable environmental requirements, the policies of this Administration are threatening the very way of life that has sustained Kentucky communities for generations.  As a defender of the free market and of coal, I will continue to fight back against the EPA and any other federal agency whose goal is to stifle coal production. I will continue to stand up for our miners in Washington as we continue to recognize the sacrifices they make to provide food for their families and energy for America.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=875
In case you missed it: the Kansas City Star supports my efforts to protect patients and improve compounding pharmacy oversight after the recent meningitis outbreak and the Robert Courtney case in Kansas City.
Rubio: Senate Bill Does What Conservatives Want On Border Security: http://1.usa.gov/121UfQM  Rubio: "If you go down the list of things that conservatives have been asking for for the better part of the two years that I've been here, we've done them all."
Rubio Discusses Senate Approval Of Hoeven-Corker Amendment With Greta Van Susteren: http://1.usa.gov/15BCE3m  Rubio: “This bill has a bunch of things that conservatives and many Americans have been asking for specifically for years. It now requires it."
NA
President Obama today spoke of imposing job-crushing environmental regulations on energy producers. Senator Shelby tells Yellowhammer this is the LAST thing our economy needs.  http://yellowhammerpolitics.com/blog/alabama-braces-for-obama-climate-change-announcement/
Sessions will be appearing on the Hugh Hewitt Show at 6:45 PM CT to discuss immigration. You can listen live here:
NA
Sen. Sessions is speaking MOMENTARILY on the Senate floor regarding continuing revelations about what’s really in the 1,200-page megabus immigration bill no one has read. You can watch live here:
Excerpt from Sessions statement on Senate immigration plan: “What we know for absolute certain is that this bill guarantees three things: instantaneous amnesty, permanent lawlessness, and a massive expansion in legal immigration that will reduce wages for working Americans.”
My Southeast PA regional manager James Fitzpatrick toured Buckman's Inc., a family-owned and operated ski and pool supply store in Pottstown today. Businesses like Buckman's contribute to tourism - a key part of the region's economy.
Today in 1942: General Eisenhower assumes command of U.S. forces in Europe. "Plans are nothing; planning is everything."
At the State Museum of Pennsylvania, check out the new exhibit with the 16-foot-by-32-foot painting by artist Peter Frederick Rothermel depicting Pickett’s Charge during the Battle of Gettysburg.  It is the largest Civil War scene painted on canvass.  http://www.statemuseumpa.org/civilwar.html
