Yesterday, Sen. Alexander released the following statement on the news that the health care law is forcing an end to Cover Tennessee, a state program created in 2006 to help provide affordable coverage to Tennesseans who are uninsured or have pre-existing conditions: “The new health care law has destroyed an innovative state health insurance plan that is helping 16,000 Tennesseans afford health care coverage. Like all Americans, these Tennesseans were promised by President Obama that under his health care law they’d keep their coverage, but will likely be forced by the law into the Obamacare exchanges, where the affordability of health insurance, security of their personal information, and ability of doctors to take new patients are all in question.” http://1.usa.gov/17NYMMp
Earlier today, Sen. Alexander and Rep. Fincher introduced the “IRS Abuse Protection Act” to require the federal government to notify taxpayers—in writing—whenever the Internal Revenue Service has accessed their tax returns or other information. Alexander said, “The IRS violated the First Amendment rights of the American people when it created what amounted to an enemies list of conservatives, including Tennessee Tea Party groups, to keep people quiet. This legislation will give taxpayers the protection they need to make sure the IRS isn’t using their information in a way that violates their First Amendment rights to speak up and speak out, for political reasons or otherwise.” http://1.usa.gov/17VXxa4
I was pleased to speak at The North Carolina Business & Economic Development Summit this morning – thanks for having me. #NCBIZSUMMIT
I do not support a resolution authorizing President Obama to take military action in Syria. Please take a moment to read my explaination:
For several years we have been hearing that the country is on the path to recovery after the financial crisis, but the most recent jobs report should give us great pause for concern.  While the unemployment rate did drop, the labor force participation rate fell in August to the lowest level since Jimmy Carter was president. This means that many people looking for work have simply quit  and given up.  Of even bigger concern, U.S. population growth outpaced job growth in August.  It should be noted, at the beginning of the recession, 63 out of 100 adults were employed, in comparison to the 59 out of 100 currently.  These numbers should be a wakeup call to the administration and Congress that Obamacare, government overregulation and our debt crisis continue to hinder job growth.
POTUS asks for time to vet Russian proposal on Syrian chemical weapons; no votes on authorization likely this week
PHOTO: Great to have @AmericanCancer join @SenTedCruz and I for Texas Tuesday Coffee this morning:
So now we are asked to trust Putin and Assad?
Looking forward to what POTUS has to say at lunch meeting today and tonight in his address to the nation
FACT: While attempting to implement Obamacare, the IRS improperly seized MILLIONS of medical records. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Just spoke with The Kudlow Report about today's #ExemptAmerica #DefundObamacare rally. Don't miss it tonight around 6 pm CT!
Great discussion with Sen. Mike Lee for a special on the #DefundObamacare fight.
Mr. President:
 
 Obamacare is a disaster. How about an exemption for hard-working American families? 
 
 #ExemptAmerica #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Why a military attack on #Syria would be a mistake, #DefundObamacare, and more in our latest newsletter.   Please read and SHARE:
Washington should have to live under the same rules Obamacare architects are forcing on the American people. Sen. Vitter, Sen. Heller, and I plan to introduce legislation next week to ensure that members of Congress, the president, and the Administration must purchase their health insurance on the Obamacare exchanges without the help of taxpayer-funded subsidies. Congressmen Ron DeSantis and Dennis Ross will also introduce companion legislation in the House of Representatives. This is people’s health care and they deserve fairness.
I am pleased the House passed my bill today to give official ownership of Powell Shooting Range to Powell Recreation District.
Figured I’d start off the first week after the state work period back in Washington by introducing important legislation to delay the implementation of Obamacare. S. 1490 will delay for a year all of Obamacare’s provisions going into effect on Jan. 1, 2014 or later, including, among others, the individual and employer mandates of Obamacare, as well as all taxes associated with the law.   Given that Obamacare provides various waivers and exemptions, and that the president himself concedes the bill is not ready to be implemented, it’s clear to me that a total delay of Obamacare is the fairest and most realistic plan to prevent the law from wreaking havoc on all Americans.
Senator Grassley has been awarded the 2013 Fueling Growth Award from Growth Energy for his support of the biofuels industry.
After secure briefing at WH I appreciate the complex issues Pres. must deal w. But war is still a tough sell to me. Iowans strongly oppose
I OPPOSE military action in #Syria. Any strategic attack has the potential to become an act of war, and should be treated as such. Before I vote to put members of Nevada’s families in harm’s way, a full justification for war must be provided. After extensive discussions with The White House and those concerned about the constitutionality of military intervention, I do not believe a strategic attack on #Syria is in the best interest of the United States at this time.  Press release: http://1.usa.gov/14Iydo1
NA
If the President decides to commit an act of war on Syria, it would be irresponsible for him to use our military that he has decimated with close to $1 trillion in budget cuts. Last night, I announced on the Senate floor my amendment that would protect our military from next year's sequestration cuts.   Watch my speech here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX6BMvDJ9zA&feature=share&list=TLiDIuDxahItU
Verified removal of all #Syrian chemical weapons would be a win for US national security & would avert military action.
From Peoria to Springfield to Chicago to the Quad Cities, I traveled nearly 1,000 miles last month throughout Illinois to hear from you on important federal issues facing our state and nation.  Check out the video below to learn more.
Don Wade never gave up on the people of Illinois, fighting vociferously for a cleaner state government, fighting for what he knew was right, and he never gave up fighting the cancer that eventually took him. That's the Don I knew and loved – a legend in his own right.
 
 More: http://1.usa.gov/17lqMGv
Watch Senator McConnell's speech on Syria below:
‘So I will be voting against this resolution. A vital national security risk is clearly not at play, there are just too many unanswered questions about our long-term strategy in Syria, including the fact that this proposal is utterly detached from a wider strategy to end the civil war there, and on the specific question of deterring the use of chemical weapons, the President’s proposal appears to be based on a contradiction. Either we will strike targets that threaten the stability of the regime — something the President says he does not intend to do — or we will execute a strike so narrow as to be a mere demonstration.’
My Senate colleagues and I will soon meet with President Obama to hear his thoughts about potential military action in Syria. I've indicated that I will vote against the resolution to use military force, and will let you know what I learn. I appreciate Kansans continuing to share their thoughts and concerns with me.
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: Back in Washington, D.C., debate on Syria intervention continues, celebrating a century of the Kansas State Fair, visiting the Durham community, and more.
Flags remain at half-staff in Kansas today to honor Kansas State Representative Ed Bideau of Chanute who passed away on Thursday. Representative Bideau worked tirelessly to serve his hometown and the state of Kansas, and his family, friends and colleagues are in my thoughts and prayers.
I realize that there are many large national and international challenges right now, but I don’t believe we should let the big issues crowd out the little successes.  I’m pleased to announce that my Denali Park Improvement today passed the US House of Representatives and is on its way to the President’s desk for signing. The bill will improve the energy infrastructure in Denali National Park and Preserve and reduce the amount of diesel burned in the park by allowing a small hydro project at Kantishna Lodge, make it possible to build a natural gas pipeline along the Parks Highway, and honor the memory of legendary Athabascan climber Walter Harper by naming the Talkeetna Ranger Station after him. Find out all the details here:
Last Friday, before I headed back to DC to debate Syria, the nation’s budget and the debt ceiling, I was focused on another important topic: the Arctic.  I traveled to the Toolik Research Station about 375 miles north of Fairbanks to see how scientists are working to gain a greater understanding of challenges and opportunities we have in the Arctic.  Toolik is an awe-inspiring place.  See for yourself:
The situation we face in Syria today is partly the result of a failed foreign policy. It’s time for a change of course. Strike first, strategy later, is a recipe for disaster.
Headed to the Senate floor to announce my position on the Obama Administration's request for authorization for the use of military force against the Assad Regime. Video here:
I told Wolf Blitzer earlier that  I still don't see a good outcome from the U.S. intervening in the Syrian civil war. Watch, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qR0wt7CYNlA
I am about to appear on The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer. Turn on CNN now to watch!
Earlier today, Sen. Mitch McConnell gave a speech opposing the Syria Resolution.  Read his speech here: http://www.mcconnell.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=574c52c2-9a3c-4032-8e01-4249a0c1a799&ContentType_id=c19bc7a5-2bb9-4a73-b2ab-3c1b5191a72b&Group_id=0fd6ddca-6a05-4b26-8710-a0b7b59a8f1f
Just a moment ago, I joined thousands on the West Lawn of the Capitol at the #DefundObamacare rally.
Enjoyed meeting with the Optometric Association Members from Kentucky this morning! http://instagram.com/p/eFUXeboML_/#
In case you missed it: Last night, I appeared on CNN's premiere of Crossfire with  Senator Menendez to debate U.S. intervention in Syria.  Watch the clip here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZGDsSe_T9M
Tonight I am going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren. Be sure to tune in at 10 pm ET on Fox News!
Watch the video below for my statement on the Syria situation I released after meeting with the President today.  I remain opposed to military intervention.  Further, there is nothing I trust about the Russia, the Assad regime, or the UN  The President's new plan simply provides a delayed mechanism to pursue his goal of a military strike when the regime does not comply. At that time, I believe Kansans, and all Americans, will feel the same as we do today-- opposed to military strikes in Syria.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUw79z7zpwY  To read the full statement click here... http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=01df8a63-5c90-4a78-ad2f-22da6046692e
During August I look forward to spending a lot of time at home getting the advice and counsel of Kansans. I recently put more than 2,500 miles on the truck traveling from Johnson County to Elkhart and many stops in between. Thanks to those who came to town hall meetings, showed me around their businesses or talked to me about their concerns. I'm taking your guidance back to Washington! 
 
 Check out some of the highlights from my latest newsletter: http://1.usa.gov/1dYAi7F
Rubio Urges Sebelius To Visit SeaWorld’s ObamaCare Victims: http://1.usa.gov/1dZxuHm
Senator Shelby will "firmly oppose" the resolution brought before the Senate calling for the use of American military force in Syria’s civil war.
NA
Sessions held a town hall last Friday in Wetumpka. Here is an excerpt of his remarks in the video:  “The idea that we are going to tax, borrow, spend by the government and that this is going to revive our economy, make our lives better, and help the average American have a more healthy and prosperous life is being proven false... At a time of slow job growth, we don’t need to be doubling the number of guest workers brought into America… The last thing your federal government should do at this point in time, when Americans are hurting and we have fewer working since 1978, is to have policies that make it harder for people to get a job.”
NA
Had a terrific tele-townhall conversation with Pennsylvania's NFIB members today. You can listen to our conversation here. Thanks for having me.
Good news: The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and Paralyzed Veterans of America have announced the 2014 National Veterans Wheelchair Games will be held in Philadelphia.
My wife, Kris, has been doing wonderful work on behalf of #Flight93 families. Here's her interview on Allentown's NewsTalk WAEB AM 790.
NA
For those of you in the Doylestown area, the Travis Manion Foundation will host the 6th annual 9/11 Heroes Run this Sunday.
NA
From the Los Angeles Times: Cashing in on Uncle Sam's sweet tooth. It's time to end the government's wasteful #sugar program that hikes food costs for families.
The streak is over.  Congratulations to the Pittsburgh Pirates on their 82nd win last night.  Looking forward to the Bucco's playoff run!  #BUCN
Big win for the Philadelphia Eagles tonight.  Congrats to Chip Kelly on a successful debut.  Looking forward to the home opener this coming Sunday at Lincoln Financial Field against the Chargers.
Unbelievable first half by the new look Philadelphia Eagles. Keep the pedal to the metal and finish strong. #BirdGang
